<doc id="5996724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996724" title="Brian Trenchard-Smith">
Brian Trenchard-Smith

Brian Trenchard-Smith (born 1946) is an English film and television director, producer, writer, consultant and actor who is notable for his contributions to the horror and action genre during the 1970s and 1980s in Australia. Most of his work has been in television, and the majority of his films have been direct-to-video releases. His 1970s and 1980s Aussie films were theatrically released. He generally works in the drama, action and horror genres. He has directed 42 movies and TV series including "Turkey Shoot", "StuntRock", "Dead End Drive-In", "The Man from Hong Kong", and "".
In addition, he also has been credited by Quentin Tarantino as one of his favorite directors.
Biography.
He was born in England, the son of a member of the Royal Air Force, and lived for a time in Libya, where his father was stationed. His family moved to Odiham, Hampshire and he made his first film at the age of 15 on 8mm, a 2 minute short called "The Duel". The following year he made the ten-minute "The Chase" about a lunatic who escapes from an asylum and chases a boy around the countryside with a bayonet. 
He was commissioned to make a film about his school, Wellington College, for prospective parents. He showed this around once he left school, and it helped him get work as an editor's assistant and camera assistant with a French news company in London. However he was unable to get into the union so he moved to Australia in 1965 (his father was Australian). 
Trenchard-Smith worked at Channel Ten as an editor, doing news, documentaries and station promos. He moved over to Channel 9 to work as promotions director, then in 1968 he returned to England and went to work in London as a junior writer/producer of feature film trailers at National Screen Service. 
In 1970 he returned to Channel 9 as network promotions director, and made his directorial debut with a French TV special "Christmas in Australia".
Documentary Filmmaker.
After two years at Channel 9 Trenchard Smith formed his own production company, borrowed $16,000 and made a one-hour television special about stuntmen called "The Stuntmen" featuring Grant Page. This was a success and enabled him to make a number other TV specials, usually with a theme of action and/or danger. "Kung Fu Killers", which also featured Page, was particularly successful. Throughout this decade Trenchard-Smith also worked cutting trailers.
Trenchard-Smith was going to Hong Kong to make an $8,000 documentary on Bruce Lee called "The World of Kung Fu" but arrived on the day Lee died. He turned the documentary into a tribute on Lee, and in the course of making it met Raymond Chow who helped fund Trenchard-Smith's first feature, "The Man from Hong Kong" (1975). The film was successful internationally launching his career as a feature director.
Feature Director.
"The Man from Hong Kong" was made for The Movie Company, a production company half owned by Trenchard-Smith and Greater Union. The Movie Company then made the documentary "Danger Freaks" before Greater Union pulled out. Trenchard Smith then made "Deathcheaters" (1976) which performed disappointingly and spent nine months on a proposed film that never got up, "The Siege of Sydney". However he then made a dramatised short "Hospitals Don't Burn Down" which won a number of awards and was highly successful. Trenchard-Smith then made a film in the US called "Stunt Rock" which he once called "probably the worst film I have made".
Among his most fondly remembered credits are the cult classic "Turkey Shoot" (1982) and "BMX Bandits" (1983), where he worked with a young Nicole Kidman.
For the last twenty years, Trenchard Smith has worked mostly in America. He says his passion project is to do a revisionist history of Richard III.
Career Appraisal.
Trenchard Smith once said this of his own films:
There is something you always get in a Trenchard-Smith movie: pace, a strong visual sense, and what the movie is actually about told to you very persuasively. Whatever I do, I'll still be applying a sense of pace: trying to find where the joke is and trying to make the film look a lot bigger than it cost.
He says his main advice for directing is:
Be a good leader, kind father, energetic brigade commander to your cast and crew; no one gives their best in an atmosphere of blame and fear, as happens on big star driven movies; humor is much more effective in team management; try to make your own enthusiasm for the project contagious to everybody. Then pick locations that have natural production value... Plan well. Shot list. Make every hour of shooting count.
His favourite among his own movies are "The Man From Hong Kong", "BMX Bandits", "Dead End Drive In", "The Siege Of Firebase Gloria", "Night Of The Demons 2" and "Happy Face Murders".
His main influences growing up were Alfred Hitchcock, Henry Hathaway, Anthony Mann, J. Lee Thompson, Robert Aldrich, Raoul Walsh, King Vidor and John Ford.
Selected Filmography.
Trailers.
Dring the late 60s and 1970s, Trenchard Smith was one of the leading makers of film trailers in England and Australia. Among the films whose trailers he edited are:

</doc>
<doc id="5996741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996741" title="Shikishima (PLH 31)">
Shikishima (PLH 31)

The Shikishima PLH-31 is a Shikishima class (PLH) of the Japan Coast Guard. She was built by Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries Tokyo.
Planned to guard plutonium transport ships, the "Shikishima class" is the largest and heaviest-equipped patrol vessel of the JCG. With her cruising capacity, she can make voyages from Japan to Europe without making any calls.
She is the only JCG ship equipped with anti-air radar and Oerlikon 35 mm twin cannons, so she has increased anti-air firepower. Usually, PL (Patrol vessels, Large) have only a navigation radar and a single-mounted 35mm or 40mm autocanon. And the JM61 20mm Vulcan on the single-mounted Remote weapon system later became a model for the 20mm RFS (Remote Firing System), which is on modern PMs and PSs such as the Tsurugi class PS. The OPS-14 2D air search radar is the Japanese counterpart of the American AN/SPS-49.
At present, she is frequently sent on long cruises to Southeast Asia to foster international cooperation against piracy in the Strait of Malacca. She is also assigned to the policing mission of Senkaku Islands because of her cruising capacity. The JCG appreciate her capability, so they have been planning to build two more vessels based on this design.

</doc>
<doc id="5996744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996744" title="Adaílton José dos Santos Filho">
Adaílton José dos Santos Filho

Adaílton José dos Santos Filho (born 14 April] 1983) is a Brazilian Central Defender, who currently plays in Swiss Challenge League for FC Chiasso on loan from FC Sion.
Career.
In August 2008, Adaílton renewed his contract with Santos FC, which now last until December 2009 and signed in February 2010 for FC Sion. He left Sion during Summer of 2012 for Henan Constructions. As they were Relegated from the Chinese Super League, he signed again in Sion during the next transfer window in Winter 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5996765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996765" title="Aboubakar Diaby Ouattara">
Aboubakar Diaby Ouattara

Aboubakar Diaby Ouattara is a diplomat from Côte d'Ivoire. He served as the first Executive Secretary in the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) from its inception in 1977 until 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="5996794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996794" title="Daniel Laemouahuma Jatta">
Daniel Laemouahuma Jatta

Daniel Laemouahuma Jatta is a Jola scholar and musician from Mandinary, Gambia, who pioneered the research and documentation of the "akonting", a Jola folk lute, as well as the related Manjago folk lute, the buchundu, in the mid-1980s. Prior to Jatta's work, these instruments were largely unknown outside the rural villages of the Senegambia region of West Africa.
Contribution to knowledge of West African music.
In the 1960s, scholars and writers began to seriously examine the traditional music of West Africa in their search for the roots of the blues, jazz, and the other music forms that had emerged in the African diaspora. However, in this quest there was very little study and documentation of West African stringed instruments done other than in the overall context of general musical and cultural traditions. For the most part, the only stringed instruments to receive specific attention were those of the griots, such as their plucked lutes (e.g. the Mande "ngoni", the Wolof "xalam", the Fula "hoddu", the Soninke "gambare", and the "kora" (the 21-string harp-lute of the Mandinka griots).
Griots are male members of hereditary music and word artisan castes found in certain West African Islamized peoples with similar tripartie caste systems. The griot phenomenon is limited to the various peoples of the Mande language family - some 53 related ethnic groups, such as the Bamana (or Bambara), Mandinka, Malinke, Susu, Soninke, and so on - as well as the non-Mande Wolof, the western Fulas or Fulani (; ), Songhai (also Songhay), Sereer, Lebu, and Tukulóor.) 
In 2000, Jatta presented his research findings and introduced the Jola akonting at the "Third Annual Banjo Collectors Gathering", an annual international conference of the foremost collectors and scholars of 19th and early 20th century banjos. The annual Banjo Collectors Gatherings also serve as the principal forums for the presentations of new research on the banjo's history and organology.
Jatta's presentation, in which he performed on the "akonting" and showed film footage of other Jola musicians playing the instrument, made for quite a sensation. Up until that point, the conventional wisdom was that the wooden-bodied plucked lutes exclusive to the West African griots, such as the Mande "ngoni" and the Wolof "xalam", were the archetypes for the earliest forms of the banjo, first made and played by enslaved West Africans in the New World, from the 17th century on. Jatta's proposition that gourd-bodied non-griot folk and artisan lutes - like the Jola "akonting" (Senegal, Gambia, Guinea-Bissau), the Manjago "buchundu" (Gambia, Guinea-Bissau), the Gwari "kaburu" (Nigeria), and the Frafra "koliko" (Ghana), to name but a few - were the more likely candidates was revolutionary.
Since then, many museums around the world have updated their collections to include the "akonting" and other members of the West African folk/artisan lute family, while banjo historians and ethnomusicologists have begun to broaden the range of their focus to include these instruments as well those used by griots.

</doc>
<doc id="5996796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996796" title="Roma FC">
Roma FC

Roma FC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5996807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996807" title="Minna no Uta">
Minna no Uta

, literally "Everyone's Songs", is a five minute NHK TV and radio program broadcasting several times daily since 1961. The program is generally used as filler at the end of regular television programs. While many of the episodes are aimed at children, a large percentage are not, so the program enjoys a wide audience.
The program is used to introduce new songs from popular and new singers, as well as to highlight the talents of various animators and directors. A list of upcoming and currently-airing episodes is listed monthly in magazines such as "Animage" and "Newtype".
Songs introduced on Minna no Uta.
Listed alphabetically by title, with the artist or group in parentheses.
Animators.
These animators have had their works appear on "Minna no Uta".

</doc>
<doc id="5996838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996838" title="The Story of Science in America">
The Story of Science in America

The Story of Science in America is a 1967 science book by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp, illustrated by Leonard Everett Fisher, published by Charles Scribner's Sons. It has been translated into Spanish, Portuguese, Burmese and French.
The book traces the work of inventors and naturalists in the United States from the Colonial era through the mid-19th century, and relates scientific developments in the century following.
Reception.
Critical response to the book was positive. Jane E. Brody, writing for "The New York Times", called it "a fast-moving, informative and thoroughly enjoyable chronicle, with amusing anecdotes, legends and interesting sidelights that reflect the personalities, lives and times of the men who shaped our nation scientifically." She noted that "the authors have kept their writing free of chauvinism," and that "of the scientific concepts are well enough explained so that even the newcomer to science should be able to grasp at least the essence of them." In the same issue the book was included among seventy-five recommended titles selected by the Children's Editor of the newspaper's Book Review, described as an "[informative, thoroughly enjoyable chronicle of the development of science in our country."
"Publishers' Weekly" stated that "o read the index ... is to read the names of the men and of their discoveries in science in America, from the earliest days ... to the space age. To read the book is to become familiar with the men and their contributions to science."
George Basalia, writing for "Library Journal", called the book "a first-rate history of American science and technology for high-school students ... covermajor American technical discoveries as well as our contributions to the purely theoretical aspects of science." He found "much to be praised ... the book is intelligently conceived, carefully organized, clearly written, and handsomely designed. Unfortunately, the illustrations do not do justice to [the excellent text."
H. D. Allen in the "Montreal Gazette" wrote that the book's story "makes fascinating reading," and that "hile the treatment of any one discipline may at first seem superficial and chatty, the total impact is most impressive, for the reader is left with an acquaintance with the leading figures of the age of science and some appreciation of how the contribution of each influenced a way of life." He concluded "The breadth of scientific knowledge which this book represents is remarkable, as is the skill with which it has been set down and the effortlessness with which it reads."
"The Booklist" called it "wide-ranging survey [that reflects the authors' humanistic interests as well as their familiarity with several branches of science and their extensive background reading."
Harry C. Stubbs in "The Horn Book Magazine" included it among "half a dozen books dealing ... with the history of science I can recommend [both to nonscientists as guides toward the Light to scientists and science teachers as reminders that what we know was long, slow, and hard in coming." He noted that it "give[s us a series of fascinating biographical and anecdotal items strung loosely on the thread of developing scientific knowledge."
Philip and Phylis Morrison in "Scientific American" felt it "manages to convey a sense of coherence, even though it deals at staccato length with so many men, trends and ideas ... The reason is partly in the expert writing--smooth, unusually candid, cheerful and sometimes a bit condescending (as in the two or three pages about Veblen)." They add that "ot all the dicta of the authors seem reasonable, but to find any personal judgment at work is so rare in this kind of pedagogy that one is pleased by the De Camps even when one disagrees with them."

</doc>
<doc id="5996845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996845" title="The Wilkinsons">
The Wilkinsons

The Wilkinsons was a Canadian country music trio from Trenton, Ontario. Founded in 1997, the group consisted of lead singer Amanda Wilkinson, her brother Tyler Wilkinson, and their father, Steve Wilkinson. The Wilkinsons achieved success late in 1998 with the hit single "26 Cents", a Number One on the Canadian country music charts and Top 5 hit on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. It was followed by "Fly (The Angel Song)", also a No. 1 in Canada. A second album, "Here and Now", produced the group's last American top 40 hit in "Jimmy's Got a Girlfriend". Afterward, the trio recorded three more albums, one of which was not released, and a Greatest Hits package.
History.
Beginnings.
Steve Wilkinson was born on August 18, 1955 in Belleville, Ontario, Canada. Before the country trio was formed, he was struggling to make ends meet after he lost his job at a nuclear power plant due to downsizing. He took menial jobs in order to provide for his family, but his real passion was music. They signed to Giant Records in 1998.
Breakthrough.
The Wilkinsons' first album, "Nothing But Love", reached No. 16 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums charts in 1998. The trio have been nominated for the Country Music Association's Horizon Award and Vocal Group of the Year and for Single of the Year by the Academy of Country Music Awards. Their second album, "Here and Now", won the Canadian Country Music Association award for Best Album. The band has received nine Canadian Country Music Awards, one Juno Award and two Grammy nominations (both for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group).
Move to BNA Records.
In 2001, Giant closed its Nashville division while "I Wanna Be That Girl" was climbing, leading to the band's third Giant album ("Shine") not being released. Shortly thereafter the trio was signed to BNA Records. Weeks before the release of their first single for BNA, the label's president wanted Amanda to record a solo album, which would ultimately disband the trio. The trio eventually left the label and signed with the independent Canadian label Open Road Records for their 2005 album, "Highway".
Solo work.
Amanda Wilkinson signed with Universal South Records and released her solo debut album, "Amanda Wilkinson". Amanda received four nominations at the 2006 Canadian Country Music Awards (Single of the Year, CMT Video of the Year, Female Artist of the Year, and Album of the Year).
Tyler started the alternative rock band Motion Picture Ending. The band was composed of drummer and long-time friend Justin Devries, bassist Curtis Weekes, guitarist Greg Bolton, with Tyler as lead vocalist and guitarist.
"Greatest Hits… and Then Some".
In 2007, The Wilkinsons won Independent Group of the Year at the Canadian Country Music Awards.
"Greatest Hits… and Then Some", a greatest hits album, was released on October 7, 2008. The first single, "When I'm Old", was released in mid 2008.
Small Town Pistols.
In the late 2000s, the Wilkinsons disbanded. Amanda and Tyler founded a new duo called Small Town Pistols in 2012.
Reality television.
The Wilkinsons were also the subject of a fictionalized "reality" television program on the CMT Canada network, "The Wilkinsons". The show follows the family as they move back to The Quinte Area, Ontario, from Nashville, Tennessee. In 2006, the show was nominated for Country Music Program or Special of the Year at the Canadian Country Music Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5996846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996846" title="Sixto Peralta">
Sixto Peralta

Sixto Raimundo "Mumo" Peralta Salso (born 16 April 1979 in Comodoro Rivadavia) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for Chilean club Universidad de Concepción.
Career.
He made his professional debut against Lanús, 23 August 1996. He is a declared supporter of C.A.I, Patagonian-based club in which he made his first steps as a professional footballer, and his father is their President. Peralta spent a successful season, 2001–02, at Ipswich Town, playing 22 matches during their second season in the English Premier League, however the club was relegated and this meant Peralta's loan could not become permanent owing to the financial impact of relegation. After spending some time abroad in Mexico, his native Argentina and Romaina respectively, he joined Chilean side Universidad Católica. Peralta continued his tour of Chile signing for Universidad de Concepción. On the 2 March 2014, Peralta scored a last-gasp equaliser in a 2-2 draw with Audax Italiano played at Estadio Bicentenario de La Florida. Audax Italiano thought they had won the match when Felipe Mora scored in added on time at the end of the game. However, Peralta sparked mad scenes when he scored a dramatic last minute winner. Peralta described the goal as "one of the greatest moments of my career" in a post-match interview. 
International.
He was part of the squad of Argentina Under-20 team at 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5996851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996851" title="Savvas Ysatis">
Savvas Ysatis

Savvas Ysatis (born July 1, 1968) is a Greek electronic musician.
Early life.
Ysatis was born in Athens, Greece, and developed an interest in the synthesizer through exposure to electronic music by artists such as Kraftwerk and Jean Michel Jarre in the late 1970s. At age 15, he left Greece to move to New York City, where he acquired some musical equipment and began experimenting.
His early ambient solo work was produced under the moniker Omicron. He met and started working with Taylor Deupree in 1993 and released a number of albums and tracks, with a variety of styles and under a few different names. Ysatis and Deupree released their ambient work as Seti, their jazzy trip-hop as Futique, and their more dance-oriented work as Arc. Most of Ysatis' work while in New York was released on the Instinct label.
Recent activity.
In 1997, Ysatis returned to Athens to help the growing Greek electronic music scene. He founded the Sonar label with radio DJ Giannis Papaioannou. He also started the Allou project with vocalist Elias Aslanoglou, which has signed with the V2 label.
Musical style.
Ysatis' early work, as characterized by his Omicron releases, and his work with Deupree for SETI, focused mainly on ambient music. The Futique project was a completely different combination of trip-hop and jazz. The Arc project fit somewhere between the two other projects, with a stripped-down Detroit techno style, with a little experimental edge. His latest solo work on the Tresor label moves to a classic techno feel.
Discography.
Compilations.
Ysatis' work appeared on the following compilation releases:

</doc>
<doc id="5996855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996855" title="Ohio Revised Code">
Ohio Revised Code

The Ohio Revised Code contains all current statutes of the Ohio General Assembly of a permanent and general nature, consolidated into provisions, titles, chapters and sections. However, the only official publication of the enactments of the General Assembly is the "Laws of Ohio"; the "Ohio Revised Code" is only a reference.
The "Ohio Revised Code" is not officially printed, but there are several unofficial but certified (by the Ohio Secretary of State) commercial publications: "Baldwin's Ohio Revised Code Annotated" and "Page's Ohio Revised Code Annotated" are annotated, while "Anderson's Ohio Revised Code Unannotated" is not. "Baldwin's" is available online from Westlaw and "Page's" is available online from LexisNexis.
History.
The "Ohio Revised Code" replaced the "Ohio General Code" in 1953. However the current organization and form of the "Ohio Revised Code" Title 29 (Crimes) was completely re-written and issued into law by the General Assembly in 1974.
Ohio law.
The Constitution of Ohio is the foremost source of state law. Legislation is enacted by the Ohio General Assembly, published in the "Laws of Ohio", and codified in the "Ohio Revised Code". State agencies promulgate rules and regulations (sometimes called administrative law) in the "Register of Ohio", which are in turn codified in the "Ohio Administrative Code" (OAC). Ohio's legal system is based on common law, which is interpreted by case law through the decisions of the Ohio Supreme Court, Ohio District Courts of Appeals, and trial courts, which are published in the "Ohio Official Reports". Counties, townships, and municipalities may also promulgate local ordinances.

</doc>
<doc id="5996877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996877" title="Mladorossi">
Mladorossi

The Union of Mladorossi (, "Soyuz Mladorossov") was a political group of Russian émigré monarchists (mostly living in Europe) who advocated a hybrid of Russian monarchy and the Soviet system, best evidenced by their motto "Tsar and the Soviets". 
The organization started in 1923, as the "Union of Young Russia" (in Russian: Союз Молодой России, "Soyuz Molodoi Rossii") in Munich, changing its name to the Union of Mladorossi in 1925. 
Early years.
The Mladorossi, as they were popularly known, at first declared themselves as anti-communists. In contrast to other émigré political organizations, they argued against the idea of creating a "free Russia" on non-Russian soil, believing strongly that the Soviet occupied Russia was the only Russia that could be in existence. The Mladorossi believed that the Soviet government, for all its negative ideology, was preserving the Russian state and defending its national interests. They also believed that the October Revolution was merely the beginning of an evolutionary process that would create a new, young Russia (hence their use of the prefix "mlado" which means "young").
Similar groups.
Several émigré movements with a similar ideology evolved at around the same time, notably the Evraziitsi, and the Smenovekhovtsi. Other émigré movements and organizations, such as National Alliance of Russian Solidarists (NTS), the Russian Imperial Union Order, and the ROVS, were hostile to these movements, feeling they were trying to justify the October Revolution and reconcile with the Bolsheviks.
Ideology.
The Mladorossi organization had a fascist influence as demonstrated by its doctrine and as visible through its use of the Roman salute popularized by Benito Mussolini to salute its leader (renounced when Hitler launched Operation Barbarossa). The organization, however, kept away from any open associations with fascist movements. 
The Mladorossi were also monarchist oriented. They recognized Grand Duke Cyril Vladimirovich Romanov as the legitimate heir of the Russian throne and the latter became supportive of the organization.
Fall of the Mladorossi.
In the 1930s, the Mladorossi adopted an increasingly open pro-Soviet position, claiming that they were to become the "second Soviet party". While still declaring Stalin as their enemy, the Mladorossi believed that a Tsar could fully function in the Soviet system that was in place at the time in the USSR. This earned the Mladorossi the label of being "Soviet patriots" amidst the White émigrés, and speculation began that the organization was being influenced if not controlled by the Soviet secret police.
The founder of the Mladorossi, Alexander Kazembek, was implicated of having ties with the Soviet consulate and OGPU. In 1937, after being spotted in a cafe in France speaking to several Soviet diplomats, Kazembek resigned his post. After World War II he emigrated to the United States and lived in California, then Connecticut, and thereon after moved to the USSR where he lived out the rest of his years. 
At the start of World War II many Mladorossi volunteered to join the French Resistance. After the war's end, the organization dissolved and was no longer heard of.

</doc>
<doc id="5996893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996893" title="Nouvelle Expérience">
Nouvelle Expérience

Nouvelle Expérience was Cirque du Soleil's fourth touring circus show, which premiered in 1990. The show's tour ended in 1993 in The Mirage parking lot in Las Vegas, Nevada. Over 1.3 million people saw the production during its 3½-year run.
Acts.
The acts of "Nouvelle Expérience" blended theatre, music, circus arts and dance:
Costumes.
The costumes of "Nouvelle Expérience" were designed to complement the wood theme of the set. Dominique Lemieux, costume designer, combined many different styles for the highly theatrical costumes, which makes it difficult to pin them down to any specific period. Surprisingly, some of the costumes worn are lined with upholstery material which make them very heavy. For example. the Flounes' medieval-esque costumes, made of a mix of lycra, velvet, and satin, weigh over .
Music.
The show's original score was composed by René Dupéré and performed live by five musicians. A studio album of the music was released in 1990 and again in 1993. The tracks of which are listed below.
Tour.
"Nouvelle Expérience" began its grand chapiteau tour of North America in Montreal on 8 May 1990 and ended it in Las Vegas on 21 November 1993. The following colorboxes indicate the region of each performance:  North America

</doc>
<doc id="5996918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996918" title="Villa Parisi">
Villa Parisi

Villa Parisi - Borghese is a villa in Frascati, now in Monte Porzio Catone municipal territory, Italy. It was built between 1604 and 1605 by Mons. Fernando Taverna. In 1615 it was acquired by Cardinal Scipione Borghese. Later a nymphaeum and the stately portal were built together villa's extension work on project of architect Girolamo Rainaldi. Camillo Borghese in 1729 promoted further renovations. 
Painted decorations was carried in 19th century by painters Giuseppe Valeriani and his brother Domenico, Ignazio Heldman and Taddeo Kuntze. In 1896 the villa was purchased by Savero Parisi, an entrepreneur. In the garden are present Roman remains of an old Roman villa. It was the summer residence of Princess Pauline Bonaparte wife of Camillo Borghese and his family. Now the villa isn't open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="5996931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996931" title="Timeline of Internet conflicts">
Timeline of Internet conflicts

The Internet has a long history of turbulent relations, major maliciously designed disruptions (such as wide scale computer virus incidents, DOS and DDOS attacks that cripple services, and organized attacks that cripple major online communities), and other conflicts. This is a list of known and documented Internet, Usenet, virtual community and World Wide Web related conflicts, and of conflicts that touch on both offline and online worlds with possibly wider reaching implications.
Spawned from the original ARPANET, the modern Internet, World Wide Web and other services on it, such as virtual communities (bulletin boards, forums, and Massively multiplayer online games) have grown exponentially. Such prolific growth of population, mirroring "offline" society, contributes to the amount of conflicts and problems online growing each year. Today, billions of people in nearly all countries use various parts of the Internet. Inevitably, as in "brick and mortar" or offline society, the virtual equivalent of major turning points, conflicts, and disruptions—the online equivalents of the falling of the Berlin Wall, the creation of the United Nations, spread of disease, and events like the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait will occur.

</doc>
<doc id="5996935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996935" title="Spirits, Stars, and Spells">
Spirits, Stars, and Spells

Spirits, Stars, and Spells: the Profits and Perils of Magic is a 1966 history book by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp, published by Canaveral Press. The book sold slowly, and the remaining stock was taken over by Owlswick Press and sold under its own name with new dust jackets in 1980. It has been translated into Polish.
The book constitutes a history of magic and occultism, a study of their practices, and a debunking of the subject in general.
Reception.
P. Schuyler Miller, reviewing the work in "Analog Science Fiction / Science Fact", notes that "subtitle of this book explains its content well enough," calling it "a running account of the wrong-headedness of irrational Man, which seems to make him a natural patsy for con-men." By its end, the reader "will have dipped into the various forms which magic has taken and is taking, and will have been introduced to some of the eminent dupes who believed in it and the successful charlatans and fanatics who hoodwinked them." In fact, his "main quarrel with the book" is that "it is presented almost wholly as a ballet of dupes and charlatans;" he considers the authors "a little too unyielding in their criteria for distinguishing between scientists and charlatans," adding "I have the feeling that the de Camps, rationalists themselves, simply could not generate the same kind of understanding interest in this behavior that they showed in their examination of ancient ruins (archeological and archaeologists), or that Sprague brought to his classic study of lost continents." He views "[by far the best" the last chapter, "'The Great Glass Jewel,' which sums up the authors' conclusions about the interrelationships of magic, religion and science." He praises the bibliography as the kind he "like to see ... limited to the references the author has used and to which he makes useful references."
Judith Merril, writing in "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction", calls the book "the usual meticulous de Camp work--or doubly so, since this one is co-authored by L. Sprague and Catherine C." She assesses it as "a fascinating study of magic, in history and practice." 

</doc>
<doc id="5996943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996943" title="Charles Codman Cabot">
Charles Codman Cabot

Charles Codman Cabot (November 22, 1900 – 1976) was an American judge of the Supreme Court of Massachusetts.
Early life.
Cabot was born in Brookline, Massachusetts. His father was Henry Bromfield Cabot, a lawyer. His mother was Anna McMasters Codman Cabot. He had five siblings: Henry Bromfield Cabot Jr. (b. 1894), Powell Mason Cabot (b. 1896), Paul Codman Cabot (b. 1898), cofounder of America's first mutual fund and "Harvard's Midas," Anne M. Cabot (b. 1903), and Susan M. Cabot (b. 1907).
Cabot graduated from Harvard College, and Harvard Law School.
Career.
Cabot was a law partner of a prominent Boston law firm, and an associate justice of the Supreme Court of Massachusetts from 1943-1947. He was also the World War II U.S. Strategic Bombing Survey secretariat.
Cabot was president of the Boston Bar Association from 1950 to 1952. He was on the Board of Directors of the Pioneer Fund from 1950 until 1973, and president of the Harvard Alumni Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5996952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996952" title="Community of St. Mary">
Community of St. Mary

The Community of St. Mary (CSM) is an Anglican religious order of nuns with independent houses located in Greenwich, New York, Sewanee, Tennessee, Mukwonago, Wisconsin, and also in Malawi and the Philippines.
History.
The oldest indigenous Anglican order in the United States, it was founded in New York City in 1865 by Harriet Starr Cannon and a small group of fellow nuns. It was formally constituted by Bishop Horatio Potter of New York as the Sisters of St. Mary. The Episcopal Church was initially slow to recognize the order, and they only found wide support after four of the sisters died nursing victims of a yellow fever epidemic in Memphis, Tennessee in 1878. These four sisters are now commemorated by the Episcopal Church on September 9 as the Martyrs of Memphis or as Constance and her Companions. The community now consists of three independent provinces: Eastern, Western, and Southern.
Rule of life.
Their rule of life is very similar to the Benedictine rule, and they live a mixed life of prayer and service. The sisters pray five offices each day, and their "Monastic Diurnal Revised" is a popular prayer book for many outside of the community as well. From their foundation in 1865 the first sisters took charge of the "House of Mercy" in New York. Then and now the sisters have felt called to the care of "the lost, forgotten, and underprivileged" after the example of many Christian saints, including St Vincent de Paul. In 2008 this connection proved sufficiently strong for the American branch of the Sisters of Charity to amalgamate with the Community of St Mary. These Vincentian (Rule of St Vincent de Paul) sisters are now a fully integrated part of the Southern Province of CSM.
Provinces.
Eastern.
The Eastern Province sisters moved in 2003 from Peekskill, New York to Greenwich, New York, where they share a facility with the Spiritual Life Center of the Episcopal Diocese of Albany. The sisters engage in various activities, which include working at the healing center of the Spiritual Life Center, giving retreats, and serving on the board of Saint Mary's Hospital for Children. They also raise cashmere goats and chickens.
Southern.
The Southern Province sisters trace their descent from the remnants of the Memphis sisters. Their current chapel houses the altar, aumbry, and chalice that were originally located in the Memphis house. The sisters formerly operated a girls' school in Sewanee—St. Mary's Preparatory School for Girls—which closed at the end of the 1967-1968 school year. The school is now a retreat center for individual and group retreats, in addition to hosting presentations on contemplative prayer. The convent and the retreat center are located near the campus of the Sewanee: The University of the South. The sisters say the office from the 1979 Book of Common Prayer, in addition to a daily mass, every day except Wednesday, which is the sisters' silent retreat day.
Western.
The Western Province sisters pursue individual ministries, but are especially involved in offering retreats and spiritual direction at Mary's Margin in Mukwonago, Wisconsin.
Overseas houses.
Malawi.
A branch house of the Eastern Province of the Order was established in Malawi in 2002. The initial group of Malawian sisters completed their novitiate at the American house, but now they have enough professed sisters to train novices in Malawi. They are hoping to establish a crisis nursery for babies whose parents are unable to care for them because of AIDS. They also give presentations in churches, visit the sick, lead Bible studies, preach, and work on their farm, helping other women to learn sustainable agriculture techniques.
Philippines.
The sisters also have a mission in the Philippines, which has been in existence for over thirty years, and forms part of the Southern Province. St Mary's Convent is located at Sagada, and is attached to St Mary's Anglican Church.

</doc>
<doc id="5996965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996965" title="Achaea, Dreams of Divine Lands">
Achaea, Dreams of Divine Lands

Achaea, Dreams of Divine Lands is a roleplay-focused, text-based multi-user dungeon (MUD) released on September 9, 1997. It was published by Achaea LLC, now known as Iron Realms Entertainment. Achaea is operated by collecting the revenue through a microtransaction system, which allows payment for the acquisition of in-game benefits.
Gameplay.
In the game, players explore a fantasy sword and sorcery world revolving around six city-states and their respective Houses. As in most role-playing games, players can fight monsters for experience points and treasure, perform quests for non-player characters and interact with other players. One of the major forms of interaction is player vs. player combat, where the dynamic conflict, especially the conflict between Good and Evil plays a dominant role in Achaea. The other play mechanics include the free market economics, which allows the players to design and craft goods, and the player-run social structure, including Houses (formerly guilds) and politics.
The world consists of over twenty thousand locations, known as "rooms", ranging from common countryside to more exotic and surreal environments. Players may choose among eighteen classes, ranging from familiar fantasy elements such as paladins to more unusual options such as Tarot-using Jesters.
Recent structural changes have enriched the environment of Achaea further, by opening up the seas to player controlled ships. This has made available many minigames including diving for treasure, deep-sea fishing and even a form of piracy.
Revenue.
Achaea's controversial revenue structure has received attention from the game development industry. Although Iron Realms Entertainment provides a custom MUD interface for the game, there are neither up-front costs, nor monthly fees typical for the MMORPG-genre. Instead, players may spend money for "credits" that are then used in-game to acquire skills and superior equipment.
Recently, however, Achaea has somewhat deviated from this model. In early 2010, the option to purchase an Iron Elite membership became available, which periodically gives players credits and other bonuses in exchange for a monthly fee.
The International Game Developers Association (IGDA) has noted that Achaea has been successful in this "revenue from object sales" model, "report substantially higher average revenue per customer ... than the usual subscription prices.". Achaea's use of this model was compared to higher-profile releases such as "" and "Project Entropia" and has been highlighted by game developer Daniel James and researcher Richard Bartle as a possible solution for the problems other online games face involving commodification and .
Reviews and reactions.
Achaea has received generally positive reviews for both its mechanics and social complexities, including a review from Leo Laporte on the June 10, 2004 episode of "The Screen Savers" on TechTV that was reported as favourable.
The combat system includes "hundreds of different ways to attack an opponent", leading to a "complex array of strategies" that is a "true test of skill". The game's engine was adapted for use as the medium of an "e-summit" staged at the 7th Annual World Summit of Young Entrepreneurs with the United Nations.
The role-playing and social aspects of the game have also led to Achaea being cited as an example of "political game design". That political system, along with the game's dynamic events and "player narrative" are remarked on in "Designing Virtual Worlds", Bartle's examination of the history of multiplayer online games. Iron Realms Entertainment quotes id Software founder John Romero as saying he "doesn't believe there is a deeper game in existence".
Controversy.
Nevertheless, some aspects of the game have met with criticism. The game's revenue system, in particular, has faced mixed opinions. Players playing for free "won't be able to advance as much as the person who has the funds" without a considerable time investment, which often sparks controversy between free players and those who paid for in-game bonuses that can cost as much as 2500 credits, the equivalent of $725 per item. The IGDA acknowledges that the system requires "delicate issues of design balance".
The 2004 introduction of "gleam", an in-game addictive drug, created controversy, angering some players and reviewers who felt it sent an inappropriate message about the consequences of real-world drug use.

</doc>
<doc id="5996971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996971" title="Iron Realms Entertainment">
Iron Realms Entertainment

Iron Realms Entertainment (formerly known as Achaea LLC) is a computer game development company that has created the MUDs "Achaea, Dreams of Divine Lands"; "Aetolia, The Midnight Age"; "Imperian, the Sundered Heavens"; "Lusternia, Age of Ascension"; and "Midkemia Online". Matt Mihaly is its founder and CEO and Jeremy Saunders is its President.
Games.
Games developed by Iron Realms Entertainment include:
Another game, "Tears of Polaris", a text-based MUD game based in a science fiction/fantasy universe, was announced, but after four years of development it was put on hold in the summer of 2011. A lack of major progress as well as a major change in the codebase were cited as some of the reasons the project was put on indefinite hold.
Rapture Engine.
The Rapture Engine was created by Iron Realms Entertainment and is used by all of its MUDs, albeit heavily modified for those most recently in production.
Rapture was used to develop an interactive chat system in conjunction with a United Nations affiliated organization for the 7th Annual World Summit of Young Entrepreneurs.
History.
Iron Realms Entertainment LLC was originally founded as Achaea LLC in 1996. After the release of Aetolia in 2001, Achaea LLC was renamed Iron Realms LLC.
In 2004 IRE was featured in Computer Gaming World and on Wired News after the release of an "addictive" virtual drug called "gleam".
Achaea was featured in the June 10th, 2004 episode of The Screen Savers.

</doc>
<doc id="5996977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996977" title="The Owl and the Pussycat (film)">
The Owl and the Pussycat (film)

The Owl and the Pussycat is a 1970 romantic comedy film directed by Herbert Ross and starring Barbra Streisand and George Segal. Streisand plays the role of a somewhat uneducated actress, model and part-time prostitute. She temporarily lives with an educated aspiring writer (Segal). Their differences are obvious, yet over time they begin to admire each other. Comedian/actor Robert Klein appears in a supporting role. Future adult film actress Marilyn Chambers (who was 17 at the time), in her film début (credited as "Evelyn Lang"), plays Klein's girlfriend.
Background.
The screenplay, written by Buck Henry, was based on a stage play by Bill Manhoff. In the stage version, the would-be writer and the would-be actress are the only characters. Though the race of the characters is not specified in the script of the play, in the original Broadway production (1964–65), the "Owl" was played by white actor Alan Alda and the "Pussycat" by black actress/singer Diana Sands, and many subsequent productions followed this precedent; the film version omitted the characters' interracial relationship.
Gross.
An instant hit, the movie grossed $23,681,338 at the domestic box office, making it the 12th highest grossing film of 1970. The movie also grossed $11,645,000 in rentals. Total gross for the movie was $35,326,338.
Award nominations.
Barbra Streisand received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy nomination, her 3rd in this category. Buck Henry was also nominated for Writers Guild of America Award for Best Comedy Adapted from Another Medium.
Soundtrack.
The movie's soundtrack (Columbia Masterworks MS30401) features dialogue from the film and music from the jazz-rock group Blood, Sweat & Tears.
Home media.
"The Owl and the Pussycat" was released several years ago on DVD. Fans of the movie have complained that one line of dialogue spoken by Streisand (her character saying "fuck") has been deleted from the DVD release.
Deleted scenes.
Barbra Streisand filmed a nude/topless scene for "The Owl and the Pussycat" that was cut from the film. Streisand told the press: "The director of 'The Owl and the Pussycat' wanted a topless shot, and I agreed on two conditions — one, there would be nobody in the room but George two, I had the right to kill the shot if I didn't think it would work." In November 1979, the U.S. pornographic magazine "High Society" published the nude frames that were cut from the film. Streisand sued "High Society" for publishing the celebrity nude shots.
Cultural references.
"Mad" published a spoof of the film in its September 1971 issue (Issue #145), in which much is made of Streisand's profanity. At the end, Segal's writer character first throws his typewriter down an embankment, saying that the words he's used as a writer made him sick, then he throws "her" over: "Four-letter words make me even sicker! So long, Foul-Mouth!"

</doc>
<doc id="5996988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996988" title="Ezra Klein">
Ezra Klein

Ezra Klein (born May 9, 1984) is an American journalist, blogger, and columnist. He is most known for his former work as a blogger and columnist for "The Washington Post", as well his ongoing work as a contributor to Bloomberg News and MSNBC. He was formerly an associate editor of "The American Prospect" political magazine and a political blogger at the same publication.
At "The Washington Post", he managed a branded blog called "Wonkblog," which featured his writing and the writing of other policy reporters. Issues discussed in the blog included health care and budget policy. He wrote a primer on policy called "Wonkbook," which was delivered by e-mail and on his blog each morning.
In 2011, Klein's blog was the most-read blog at "The Washington Post". 
In 2011, he was named one of the 50 most powerful people in Washington by "GQ".
In 2010, he was named Blogger of the Year by "The Week" magazine and the Sidney Hillman Foundation. His blog was also named one of the 25 best financial blogs by "Time Magazine" in 2011.
In 2013, Klein won the Online News Association's award for best online commentary. He also won the American Political Science Association's Carey McWilliams Award, for "a major journalistic contribution to our understanding of politics." He appeared as one of 80 men featured in Esquire's 80th anniversary issue and in a feature in the New York Times style magazine.
In January 2014, he announced he would be leaving the Washington Post in order to start a new media venture with several other veteran journalists.
He will be joining Vox Media.
Career.
Klein formerly wrote for and edited Wonkblog at the Washington Post, which now features five writers in addition to Klein. He frequently provides political commentary on MSNBC's "The Rachel Maddow Show," "Hardball with Chris Matthews," and "The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell." He is a former contributor to "Countdown with Keith Olbermann". On March 14, 2013, The Week magazine reported that Klein was among those being considered to host MSNBC's yet-unnamed 8 p.m. weekday prime-time show that would replace "The Ed Show". Ultimately, the time slot was filled with "All In with Chris Hayes".
In May 2011 when Bloomberg View launched, Klein became a columnist there in addition to his work at "The Washington Post" and MSNBC.
Klein started his first blog in February 2003. He soon joined with Matt Singer, and the name was changed to "Klein/Singer: Political Consulting on the Cheap". In June 2003, he moved to the blog "Not Geniuses" along with Matt Singer, Ryan J. Davis, and Joe Rospars. Following "Not Geniuses," Klein partnered with Jesse Taylor at Pandagon. This partnership helped Klein gain even more visibility, leading to his eventual founding of his blog "Ezra Klein".
Besides his online contributions, Klein worked on Howard Dean's primary campaign in Vermont in 2003, and interned for the "Washington Monthly" in Washington, D.C. in 2004. "The media is as effective and important an agent for change as the legislative bodies, and I think it's where I'm happiest and most effective," Klein said. In 2003, he and Markos Moulitsas were two of the earliest bloggers to report from a political convention, that of the California State Democratic Party. In 2006, Klein was one of several writers pseudonymously flamed by "The New Republic" writer Lee Siegel (posting as a sock puppet called "sprezzatura").
On December 10, 2007, Klein moved his blog full-time to the "American Prospect".
Klein's prolific blogging caught the attention of Steve Pearlstein, the "Washington Post"'s veteran business columnist, to whom a friend referred Klein's work in the American Prospect. "I was blown away by how good he was—how much the kid wrote—on so many subjects," Pearlstein said. Pearlstein sent samples of Klein's work to managing editor Raju Narisetti. A few weeks after he heard from Pearlstein, Post foreign correspondent John Pomfret asked Klein to have lunch with him and financial editor Sandy Sugawara. Narisetti quickly hired Klein to be the Post’s first pure blogger on politics and economics. On May 18, 2009, he began writing at the newspaper.
Klein announced he would be leaving the Washington Post in January 2014, with the intent to start a new media venture with several other veteran journalists.
The new media venture was soon identified as Vox Media, which hired Klein and several associates to create a new politics site.
Klein had previously "proposed the creation of an independent, explanatory journalism website—with more than three dozen staffers" and an annual budget of more than to remain at the Washington Post. During negotiations, Post publisher Katharine Weymouth and new owner Jeff Bezos did not make a counteroffer. 
Health care debate.
In December 2009, Klein wrote an article in the "Washington Post", stating that Senator Joe Lieberman was "willing to cause the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people in order to settle an old electoral score", because Lieberman "was motivated to oppose health care legislation in part out of resentment at liberals for being defeated in the 2006 Connecticut Democratic Primary". Klein based his estimate on an Urban Institute report that estimated that 22,000 people died in 2006 because they lacked health-care insurance. This article was criticized by Jonah Goldberg of the "National Review", who called it a "silly claim". Charles Lane, also of the "Washington Post", described Klein's article as an "outrageous smear". But EJ Dionne, also of the "Washington Post", agreed with Klein's claim, saying that "Klein is right that there is not a shred of principle in Lieberman's opposition". Klein later said he regretted the phrasing and his position is that despite universal coverage, the social determinants of health are still powerful predictors that, on average, ensure the lower socioeconomic classes die sooner than those with more income and education.
JournoList.
In February 2007 Klein created a Google Groups forum called "JournoList" for discussing politics and the news media. The forum's membership was controlled by Klein and limited to "several hundred left-leaning bloggers, political reporters, magazine writers, policy wonks and academics".
Posts within JournoList were intended only to be made and read by its members. Klein defended the forum saying that it " that folks feel safe giving off-the-cuff analysis and instant reactions". JournoList member, and Time magazine columnist, Joe Klein added that the off-the-record nature of the forum was necessary because “candor is essential and can only be guaranteed by keeping these conversations private”.
The existence of JournoList was first publicly revealed in a July 27, 2007, blog post by blogger Mickey Kaus. However, the forum did not attract serious attention until March 17, 2009, when an article published on Politico detailed the nature of the forum and the extent of its membership. The Politico article set off debate within the Blogosphere over the ethics of participating in JournoList and raised questions about its purpose. The first public excerpt of a discussion within JournoList was posted by Mickey Kaus on his blog on March 26, 2009.
In addition to Ezra Klein, members of JournoList included, among others: Jeffrey Toobin, Eric Alterman, Paul Krugman, Joe Klein (no relation to Ezra Klein), Matthew Yglesias, and Jonathan Chait.
On June 25, 2010, Ezra Klein announced in his "Washington Post" blog that he would be terminating the JournoList group. This decision was instigated by fellow blogger Dave Weigel's resignation from the "Post" following the public exposure of several of his JournoList emails about conservative media figures.
Klein had justified excluding conservative Republicans from participation as "not about fostering ideology but preventing a collapse into flame war. The emphasis is on empiricism, not ideology".
Personal life.
Klein was born and raised in Irvine, California. Klein is a middle child, raised in a Jewish family. His father is a mathematics professor, his mother an artist. Religiously, he now identifies as an agnostic. Klein went to school at University High School. He attended the University of California, Santa Cruz but later transferred to the University of California, Los Angeles, from which he graduated in 2005 with a B.A. in political science. While at UCSC, he applied to write for the "City on a Hill Press" but was rejected.
Klein is married to Annie Lowrey, an economic policy reporter at "The New York Times". They were married in October 2011. They have two rescue dogs named Patsy Klein and Calvin Klein.

</doc>
<doc id="5996992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996992" title="GodWars">
GodWars

GodWars is a family of MUD engines derived from Merc, created in 1995 by Richard Woolcock, also known as "KaVir".
In 1996 the code was illegally released and advertised on a website for free download. After the leak, Woolcock later released the code publicly.
Since 2000, between 28 and 84 derivatives of the God Wars code have been active, including "Vampire Wars" which won the October 1998 Mud of the Month award at The Mud Connector.
"God Wars II".
In 2002, Woolcock wrote a new MUD named "God Wars II", a conceptual sequel to GodWars. The game relies heavily on player versus player combat, like the original Godwars, and it features complex combat commands prototyped in his earlier "Gladiator Pits MUD". The Gladiator Pits combat system won the maintainability award in a public coding competition, the 16K MUD competition, and has been called "stunning". "God Wars II" is also noted for its "war mini-game" (a poker variant) and its graphical MUSHclient interface. This includes a map that the user can click to travel faster. The game has a large world, without rooms typical of MUDs, and a process for advanced character customization.

</doc>
<doc id="5996998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996998" title="Dry September">
Dry September

"Dry September" is a short story by William Faulkner. Published in 1931, it describes a lynch mob forming (despite ambiguous evidence) on a hot September evening to avenge an alleged (and unspecified) insult or attack upon a white woman by a black watchman, Will Mayes. Told in five parts, the story includes the perspective of the rumored female victim, Miss Minnie Cooper, and of the mob's leader, John McLendon. It is one of Faulkner's shorter stories.
It was originally published in "Scribner's" magazine, and later appeared in collections of his short stories.
It includes an appearance by Hawkshaw, the barber who was the focus of Faulkner's later story, "Hair".
External links.
"Dry September" analysis and resources for teachers and students

</doc>
<doc id="5997004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997004" title="John M. Woolsey Jr.">
John M. Woolsey Jr.

John M. Woolsey, Jr. (22 April 1916 – 8 January 2005) was an American attorney in Boston, Massachusetts. 
Woolsey graduated from Yale College in 1938 and Yale Law School in 1941. During World War II he was a Lieutenant (jg) in the U.S. Naval Reserve, where he served in the Office of Naval Intelligence in Washington, 1942-1945. He was assigned by the Navy to Justice Robert H. Jackson's staff at the Nuremberg Trials prosecuting Nazi war criminals. At the trial, he worked on the prosecution brief regarding aggressive war against Czechoslovakia and Poland, work for which he received Czechoslovakia's Order of the White Lion. He then joined the Boston law firm of Herrick, Smith, Donald, Farley & Ketchum (later Herrick & Smith). He remained at Herrick & Smith for all of his active professional career. After his retirement in 1984, he became 'of counsel' for the Boston law firm of Palmer & Dodge LLC. 
He participated in many community organizations in the Boston area and was a lifelong conservationist. From 1950 on, he was involved with The Trustees of Reservations, for which he served as President 1977-1980. He also worked with the Massachusetts Audubon Society and several land trusts. He was a member of the American Antiquarian Society.
His father John M. Woolsey was a noted U.S. Federal district judge, best known for his 1933 decision lifting the U.S. government's ban on James Joyce's "Ulysses".

</doc>
<doc id="5997020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997020" title="Outline of relationships">
Outline of relationships

Interpersonal relationship – association between two or more people; this association may be based on limerence, love, solidarity, regular business interactions, or some other type of social commitment. Interpersonal relationships are formed in the context of social, cultural and other influences.
Types of relationships.
Membership in a social group.
A social group consists of two or more humans who interact with one another, share similar characteristics and collectively have a sense of unity. By this definition, a society can be viewed as a large group, though most social groups are considerably smaller.
Family membership.
Family –
Organization membership.
An organization is a social group which distributes tasks for a collective goal. There are a variety of legal types of organizations, including:
Relations (relationship activities).
Relationship formation.
Human mating is the process whereby an individual seeks out another individual with the intention of forming a long-term intimate relationship or marriage, but sometimes for casual relationship or friendship.
Relationship characteristics.
Aspects of relationships include:
Relationship partners.
Terms for partners in intimate relationships include:

</doc>
<doc id="5997029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997029" title="Iran Electronics Industries">
Iran Electronics Industries

Iran Electronics Industries (IEI, Persian: صنایع الکترونیک ایران "(Sana-ey Electronik-e Iran)"; also known as صاایران) is a state-owned subsidiary of Iran's Defense Industries Organization. It is a diversified organization with operations in electronics, optics, electro-optics, communications, computer and semiconductors.
History.
IEI was established as a government company in 1972 in order to develop military materials for the Iranian Military. IEI has developed a high potential in research and development (R&D) which is the technological backbone of the company. IEI is an amalgamation of different manufacturing plants and companies in different parts of the country.
During the reign of Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi, the company used the missile facility at Shiraz.
Following the Iranian Revolution and the outbreak of the Iran–Iraq War, Iran began to reorganise its industries to establish a war orientated manufacturing and research focus. IEI was a natural candidate to come under the supervision of the Defense Industries Organization, where it has remained since. 
The new generation of Iran's national reconnaissance satellites called "Toloo" (Dawn) have been designed and produced by IEI in 2010.
Current status.
It provides products and services for both the Iranian government and the public.
IEI is considered as the largest electronic conglomerate in Iran.
It is an ISO 9000 company. Its products meet international military standards.
Motto.
The company's motto is "Forging Ahead Daily".
Activities.
The company currently maintains six subsidiaries which are each responsible for operational scopes in high-tech fields.
The subsidiaries and their respective industries are:
Its telecom products include the assembly of mobile handsets under licence from the Belgian company Sagem.

</doc>
<doc id="5997039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997039" title="Hesarak">
Hesarak

Hesarak or Hisarak () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5997056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997056" title="Hesarak (Karaj)">
Hesarak (Karaj)

Hesarak is a large suburb of Karaj in Iran.
It is connected via Metro to Greater Tehran. It is close to where Morvarid Palace is located.
Tarbiat'e Moallem University is located in Hesarak
Hesarak is surrounded by Alborz mountains from north, Tehran-Qazvin highroad from south, Kharazmi University from west and Razi vaccine and serum research institute from east, so they call this suburb "Hesarak" (which means Small Hesar = Small fence in Persian).
Razi vaccine and serum research institute is located here.
Divisions.
Hesarak divides to two parts: Upper Hesarak (Hesarak-e-Bala) and Lower Hesarak (Hesarak-e-Pain). These two divisions are separated from each other by Shahid Beheshti Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5997060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997060" title="Davor Domazet-Lošo">
Davor Domazet-Lošo

Davor Domazet-Lošo (born 1948) is a Croatian writer, geopolitician and retired admiral of the Croatian Navy.
Domazet-Lošo was born in Sinj. He graduated from all the Yugoslav People's Army schools, including the Military Academy, and started his military career in the Yugoslav Navy.
Domazet-Lošo (then a captain) defected to the Croatian Army in autumn 1991. He became actively involved in military operations and organized the military intelligence services.
He became the head of the Office for Strategic Research (1991), and the head of the Intelligence Service of the Croatian Army Headquarters (1992).
In 1992, he and Ante Gotovina were the chief commanders of the Livno front and the large area of military operations covering the northern and central Dalmatia, southern Bosnia and Herzegovina. His biggest strategic successes include the planning of major operations in Croatia and Bosnia (Operation Flash, Operation Storm, Operation South Move) and the fight against enemy intelligence, as well as the incursions into the enemy camp - the most spectacular being the wiretapping of Slobodan Milošević in his Belgrade headquarters.
He continued his career in the Croatian Army, becoming a rear admiral and finally an admiral in 2000. He served as the Deputy Chief of Staff and the Chief of Staff (1998–2000).
He was forced into retirement in 2000, after he and eleven other generals signed an open letter accusing the Croatian president Stjepan Mesić of participating in the attempt to denigrate and criminalize the Croatian War of Independence and its participants.
Later he became one of the leaders of a political party, Croatian True Revival.
Ever since his days in the Yugoslav Army, Domazet-Lošo has been publishing numerous expert articles on the issues of war, navy and submarines. He is a prominent military analyst in the area of geostrategy. His most important work in that area is "Hrvatska i veliko ratište" (Croatia and the Large Front, 2002). He published his last two books, "Gospodari kaosa" (Masters of Chaos), in 2005 and "Klonovi nastupaju" (Clones perform), in 2007.
Domazet-Lošo was interrogated by the representatives of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in 2002.
In December 2010, Amnesty International stated that, based on the May 2008 trial judgment of Rahim Ademi and Mirko Norac regarding war crimes committed by Croatian soldiers in the Operation Medak Pocket, Domazet-Lošo and his superior Janko Bobetko had command responsibility and should be prosecuted.
In January 2011 the Ministry of Justice reported that "inquests are being made" in the case of Domazet-Lošo, but noted that the ICTY transferred files related to him saying they had a "lack of evidence" to bring forth a case.
Domazet-Lošo then held a press conference in which he rejected these accusations calling them pressure on Croatia in its process of accession to the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="5997068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997068" title="The Ragged Edge of Science">
The Ragged Edge of Science

The Ragged Edge of Science is a science book by L. Sprague de Camp, illustrated by Don Simpson. It was first published by Owlswick Press in 1980.
The book is a collection of twenty-two articles (two of them book reviews) on various curiosities and wonders exploring the boundaries between science and pseudo-science. "Thecommon thread is [their skeptical takes on subjects that are often muddled by paranormal and pseudoscientific claims." De Camp viewed such phenomena from a skeptically rational viewpoint, pointing out the fallacies in supernatural and otherwise fantastic explanations. His debunking efforts were an important and characteristic feature of his nonfiction, and the present collection is a notable instance of it.
The book's constituent articles were originally published in a variety of science magazines, science fiction magazines, and other publications from 1950-1976.
Synopsis.
The essays in the book fall into three general categories, dealing with ancient civilizations and certain unscientific theories regarding them, occult-related subjects, and pseudoscience in general. Anecdotes from history and de Camp's travels to some of the locales he writes about pepper the narrative.
The first eight chapters fall into the first category. Discussions of Bronze Age Troy and the ancient Sudanese civilization of Kush counter romantic speculations with a resume of what is known of them from historical sources and archaeological investigations. In contrast, the section on King Arthur, of whom little factual information has been established, puts to rest unverified notions regarding him by tracing the development and elaboration of his legend down through the ages. The chapter on the Maya debunks diffusionist theories seeking the origin of their culture in Old World civilizations rather than from indigenous factors. Later sections about Teotihuacan and the Toltecs serve more as general introductions to these cultures. There is also a brief discussion of the "Tour Magne", a Roman ruin in Nîmes, France, and a chapter on myths that discounts them as reliable reportage of prehistoric events.
Chapters in the second category include discussions of memories of previous lives supposedly recovered via hypnosis, the Kabbalah, lives of famous charlatans claiming to have been magicians, such as Cagliostro and Aleister Crowley, the hoax perpetrated by Léo Taxil and others that purported to expose Freemasonry as devil worship, theosophist C. W. Leadbeater, the development of occultist cultism around Mount Shasta in Northern California (demonstrated to have a literary basis), and the origins of the mystic trance, with rational explanations for the visions experienced. A satirical chapter of advice on how to set one's self up as a prophet rounds out the section.
An account of the early history of Fundamentalist movement to prohibit the teaching of evolution in schools leads off the third category. There is also a biography of Populist politician Ignatius Donnelly focusing on his speculations regarding Atlantis and like matters, and then a speculative chapter regarding future languages, essentially a didactic piece on language change with application to science fictional treatments of time-travel. It leads into a discussion of nonscientific claims about the "fourth dimension" in general. This part of the book also includes reviews of Immanuel Velikovsky's "Worlds in Collision" and Erich von Däniken's "Chariots of the Gods?", both of which de Camp discounts.
Reception.
Critical reviews of the book were generally positive. Writing in the wake of its release, Tom Easton observed in "Analog Science Fiction/Science Fact" that "you know L. Sprague de Camp's work at all, you know what to expect ... He's always readable and entertaining, as he sticks his thumbs into gaping holes of fact and logic ... He's full of the straight dope (though he often doesn't go into things as deeply as I would like)." He urged readers to "buy the book." Michael Schuyler, writing for "Library Journal", took a more neutral stance, judging only that "[most of these mysteries have been well documented elsewhere, and De Camp presents no revelations." The book was also reviewed by Darrell Schweitzer in "Science Fiction Review" v. 10, issue 1 (Spring, 1981), p. 22.
More recently, an exhaustive review from 2007 sums up the book as "a very pleasant and readable collection of essays, an excellent and classical example of skeptical writing and debunkery of various kinds of pseudoscientific and paranormal nonsense." The reviewer notes de Camp's "accessible, down-to-earth style," humor, and story-telling expertise, as well as "somewhat conservative opinions ... which occasionally show in his writing." Its conclusion is "verall I highly recommend this book."

</doc>
<doc id="5997082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997082" title="Kitty Play Records">
Kitty Play Records

Kitty Play is a New Jersey based record label formed in late 2003. The label's acts covers a wide variety of genres from straight forward rock music to abrasive noise. The label returned from hiatus in the spring of 2010 with a new full length LP by San Diego darlings Kill Me Tomorrow.

</doc>
<doc id="5997101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997101" title="Randolph L. Speight">
Randolph L. Speight

Randolph L. Speight (31 August 1919 – 19 February 1999) was an American jurist and director of the Pioneer Fund.
He was a partner at Shearson Hamill. He also worked at Brown, Harris, Stevens. A resident of Smith's Parish, Bermuda after retirement, he died suddenly in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="5997106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997106" title="List of Squidbillies episodes">
List of Squidbillies episodes

"Squidbillies" is an animated television series on Cartoon Network's late night programming block Adult Swim. A total of 85 episodes of "Squidbillies" have aired. Volumes 1–5 are available on DVD.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="5997114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997114" title="Blow the Man Down">
Blow the Man Down

Blow the Man Down is a sea shanty. The lyric "Blow the man down" may refer to the act of knocking a man to the ground.
History.
Contemporary publications and the memories of individuals, in later publications, put the existence of this shanty by the 1860s. The "Syracuse Daily Courier", July 1867, quoted a lyric from the song, which was said to be used for hauling halyards on a steamship bound from New York to Glasgow.
In 1879, George Haswell was passenger aboard another steamship, from London to Sydney, at which time he noted some of the shanties of the crew. These were published in the ship's own fortnightly newspaper, "The Parramatta Sun", and they included a full set of lyrics for "Blow the Man Down." The lyrics take up the theme of a ship of the Black Ball Line, and include the refrains, "Wae! Hae! Blow the man down / Give me some time to blow the man down." Although Haswell's article did not receive wide circulation, it did find its way into the hands of Laura Alexandrine Smith, whose own large collection of sailors' songs, "The Music of the Waters" (1888), was one of the first to be widely available. Smith reprinted the lyrics gathered by Haswell. She also presented a different version of the song that she herself presumably collected, and which was said to be used for hoisting topsail yards. Its lyrics include reference to a sailor coming home to England from Hong Kong, as well as meeting a girl on "Winchester Street."
Lyrics.
Like most chanties of this type, "Blow the Man Down" was sung to a flexible combination of customary verses, floating verses from within the general chanty repertoire, and verses improvised in the moment or peculiar to individual singers. The song was of indefinite length, and created by supplying solo verses to an invariable two-part refrain. The structure is as follows:
<poem>
["Soloist's verse, first half"]
Refrain: "Way hey blow the man down" "To me, weigh, hey, blow the man down"
["Soloist's verse, second half"]
Refrain: "Give me some time to blow the man down!"
</poem>
Solo verse couplets documented to have been sung to "Blow the Man Down" include the following from sailors of the 19th century.
<poem>
As I was a walking down Paradise Street
A pretty young damsel I chanced for to meet.
She was round in the counter and bluff in the bow,
So I took in all sail and cried, "Way enough now."
I hailed her in English, she answered me clear, 
"I'm from the Black Arrow bound to the Shakespeare."
So I tailed her my flipper and took her in tow
And yardarm to yardarm away we did go.
But as we were going she said unto me
There's a spanking full-rigger just ready for sea.
That spanking full-rigger to New York was bound; 
She was very well manned and very well found. 
And as soon as that packet was out on the sea, 
`Twas devilish hard treatment of every degree. 
But as soon as that packet was clear of the bar
The mate knocked me down with the end of a spar.
It's starboard and larboard on deck you will sprawl
For Kicking Jack Williams commands the Black Ball.
So I give you fair warning before we belay,
Don't ever take heed of what pretty girls say.
A bonnie good mate and a captain too,
A bonnie good ship and a bonnie good crew,
Blow the man down, bullies, blow the man down; 
Blow the man down, bullies, pull him around. 
Blow the man down, you darlings, lie down, 
Blow the man down for fair London town.
When the Black Baller is ready for sea, 
That is the time that you see such a spree.
There's tinkers, and tailors, and soldiers, and all, 
They all ship for sailors on board the Black Ball.
When the Black Baller hauls out of the dock,
To see these poor fellows, how on board they flock.
When the Black Baller gets clear of the land,
'Tis then you will hear the great word of command.
'Lay aft here, ye lubbers, lay aft, one and all,
I'll none of your dodges on board the Black Ball'.
To see these poor devils, how they will all 'scoat,' 
Assisted along by the toe of a boot.
It's now we are sailing on th' ocean so wide,
Where the deep and blue waters dash by our black side.
It's now when we enter the channel so wide, 
All hands are ordered to scrub the ship's side.
And now, my fine boys, we are round the rock, 
And soon, oh! soon, we will be in the dock.
Then all our hands will bundle ashore, 
Perhaps some will never to sea go more.
</poem>
References in the lyrics.
Paradise Street is a street in Liverpool, England that was frequented by sailors whose ships had docked at the port. A traditional explanation of its origins is that the Black Ballers were fast packet ships of the American Black Ball Line that sailed between New York and Liverpool towards the end of the 19th century.
Sailors reached America about four weeks after leaving Liverpool and returned about three weeks later. The speedy journey meant that sailors were paid earlier than those on other lines making the Black Ball ships very popular.
Sailors were regularly beaten on these ships and being "blown down" was a man on the deck floor as a result.
It is unlikely that "Blow the Man Down" was peculiar to the port of Liverpool or the transatlantic trade. For example versions from Tyneside sing of Chichester Street (in South Shields) or Collingwood Street (in Newcastle upon Tyne), both of which are thoroughfares that would be familiar to sailors from England's North-East coast. "Blown down" seems an unlikely reference in the context to being knocked to the deck for a perceived misdemeanour. Since the working members of the crew are using the phrase, it is more likely to refer to some heavy operation, such as raising a yard. This also fits in with the alternative wording "give me the strength", rather than "give me the time" to blow the (not "a") man down.
Another version.
An article by Felix Riesenberg, who trained and served as an officer in the Merchant Marine in the 1890s, depicts earlier sailors singing these plainer work lyrics not specifically about the Black Ball line. The men are raising the topsail on merchant ship to get under sail from New York to Liverpool, with the chantey led by a sailor named Jimmie:
<poem>
Jimmie---Now rouse her right up boys for Liverpool town.
Sailors---Go way, way, blow the man down.
Jimmie---We'll blow the man up and blow the man down.
Sailors---Oh, give us some time to blow the man down.
Jimmie---We lay off the island of Maderdegascar.
Sailors---Hi, ho, blow the man down.
Jimmie---We lowered two anchors to make her hold faster
Sailors---Oh, give us some time to blow the man down.
All hands---
Then we'll blow the man up.
And we'll blow the man down.
Go way, way, blow the man down.
We'll blow him right over to Liverpool town.
Oh give us some time to blow the man down.
Ho stand by your braces, and stand by your falls;
Hi, ho, blow the man down,
We'll blow him clean over to Liverpool town,
Oh give us some time to blow the man down.
</poem>
In popular media.
"Blow the Man Down" was used in the 1930s animated "Popeye" cartoons by Fleischer Studios as the background music for the pugnacious character Bluto.
The song is sung ominously by a zither-playing blind street singer in the opening scene of Val Lewton's 1943 suspense film, "The Ghost Ship." 
The chipmunks Chip and Dale sing a verse in Disney's 1956 Donald Duck cartoon titled Chips Ahoy.
Sung separately by Torin Thatcher and a dubbed Sidney Poitier in the 1957 movie "Band of Angels"
Tønsberg Sjømannsforenings shantykor (The Shanty Choir of the Tonsberg Sailors' Association) recorded it in Oslo on April 14, 1965. It was released on the extended play "Shanties" (HMV 7EGN 53).
In the episode "The Work Song Nanocluster" of the sitcom The Big Bang Theory, Penny and Sheldon use the tune from "Blow the Man Down" with different lyrics as a work song to speed up the manufacturing process in their new home business.
In the 2004 remake of Sid meier's Pirates!, after a successful plunder, your crew may break into song. One of the tunes they hum is "Blow the Man Down", though they only sing the melody.
The song was used with a track from Crush 3D, in a muffled tone.
The song was included in the . Instead the ""For Kicking Jack Williams commands the Black Ball"" line it is sang ""For Captain Jack Sparrow commands the Black Pearl"" to make the song fit CD's theme better.
Bill Murray's character sings a chorus from the shanty after his first successful sailing endeavor in the film "What About BOB."
The SpongeBob SquarePants theme song was inspired by the melody from "Blow the Man Down." "Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? Sponge Bob Square Pants!...". Mr. Krabs also sings the melody to the tune while transitioning in several episodes.
Maurice Sendak's Little Bear has several characters sing the refrain in numerous episodes throughout the television series.
This song appears in the video game as one of the sea chanteys sung by the sailors aboard the Jackdaw.

</doc>
<doc id="5997132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997132" title="Society of Dyers and Colourists">
Society of Dyers and Colourists

The Society of Dyers and Colourists (SDC) is an international professional society, with headquarters in Bradford, West Yorkshire, UK, specializing in colour in all its manifestations. Founded in 1884, it was granted a Royal Charter of Incorporation in 1963. The SDC is a registered charity and its aims and objectives are "to communicate the science of colour in a changing world". 
Together with the American Association of Textile Chemists and Colorists, SDC publishes the Colour Index International, which is recognized as the authoritative source on colourants. Colour Index International is used to identify the pigments and dyes used in manufacturing inks, paints, textiles, plastics, and other materials. Since 1884 SDC have published the "Journal of the Society of Dyers and Colourists", a journal relaunched in 2001 as "Coloration Technology".
The Society is a member of the Science Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="5997145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997145" title="FIAPF">
FIAPF

The FIAPF (Fédération Internationale des Associations de Producteurs de Films; ) based in Paris, created in 1933, is an organization composed with 30 member associations from 27 of the leading audiovisual production countries. FIAPF is also in charge of regulating international film festivals, including some of the world's most important ones.
Functions.
FIAPF helps producers formulate policies and coordinate political action in these key areas:
Accredited film festivals.
As of 2008, the FIAPF provided accreditation to 52 film festivals worldwide. The FIAPF categorizes the film festivals as Competitive, Competitive Specialised, Non-Competitive and Documentary/Short Film.
Competitive film festivals.
The following film festivals have been given competitive status by the FIAPF.
Competitive specialised film festivals.
The following film festivals have been given specialised competitive status by the FIAPF.
Non-competitive film festivals.
The following film festivals have been given non-competitive status by the FIAPF.
Documentary and short film festivals.
The following film festivals are for documentary and short films.

</doc>
<doc id="5997151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997151" title="Wayne Federman">
Wayne Federman

Wayne Federman (born June 22, 1959) is an American comedian, actor, author, comedy writer, and musician. He is noted for his numerous comedy appearances in clubs, theaters, and on television; his biography of "Pistol" Pete Maravich; and his supporting comedic acting roles in "The X-Files", "The Larry Sanders Show", "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "Legally Blonde", "50 First Dates", "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", and "Step Brothers". He was the head monologue writer for NBC's "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" in its first season.
Life and career.
Early years: 1959–1976.
Federman was born in Los Angeles, one of six children. He grew up in Silver Spring, Maryland, attended East Silver Spring Elementary and then, at age 10, moved to Plantation, Florida. He played the drums and, at age 14, began performing in a band at weddings. He also taught himself ventriloquism and performed at various school (South Plantation High School) functions as well as local churches and service organizations. He delivered his high school's sports results on Miami radio station WWOK. He made his local television debut on WPLG's "Youth and the Issue." In 1976, Federman worked as an extra, in John Frankenheimer's "Black Sunday" – shot at the old Miami Orange Bowl.
New York City: 1977–1986.
In the fall of 1977, Federman was accepted into the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University. There he studied with legendary acting coach, Stella Adler. He performed his own show, "Comedy Tonight", at the Eisner and Lubin Auditoruium along with future Broadway star Donna Murphy.
After college Federman brought his one-man show to the 13th Street Theater. There he performed in rotation with Brother Theodore. He also starred in the theater's production of "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", where he played six roles. Soon he was performing stand-up comedy at various New York Comedy Clubs, most notably The Comic Strip (now known as Comic Strip Live) and Catch a Rising Star. It was during these years that he incorporated music into his act. He closed his sets by playing hard rock tunes from Led Zeppelin, Jimi Hendrix, Iron Butterfly, and The Rolling Stones on his electric ukulele.
Federman made his national television debut on the syndicated stand-up program "Comedy Tonight" in 1986. He also appeared in two home videos: "New Wave Comedy" and the "Dodge Comedy Showcase".
Hollywood: 1987–2008.
In 1987, Federman moved to Los Angeles and began working at The Improv, IGBYs, The Laugh Factory, and The Comedy & Magic Club. He taped a series of televised stand-up performances including "An Evening at the Improv", "George Schlatter's Comedy Club", "CBS Morning Show", "2 Drink Minimum", "Star Search", "Good Times Cafe", "The A-List", and "MTV ½ Hour Comedy Hour". He toured extensively, performing at over 200 colleges. He co-founded the improvisational group, "No Fat Guy," with Marc Raider, Scott LaRose, and Steve Hytner and later briefly formed a music comedy team with Jordan Brady.
Federman began booking television commercials and appeared in dozens of national spots for clients including: Eureka Vacuums, Holiday Inn, U.S. Navy, Wendy's, Taboo, Eagle cars (w/ Greg Kinnear), McDonalds, Glad Bags, Sprite, Total Raisin Bran, Ford, U.S. Olympic Team, Suzuki Samurai, Sizzler, Del Monte, U.S. Cellular, Coors, and 7–11. He gained some prominence as the first "not exactly" guy in the long-running Hertz Rent A Car campaign. Federman began landing small television parts on "Baywatch", "Amen", "Dear John", "A Different World", "Doogie Howser", "News Radio", and recurring roles on "L.A. Law" (3 episodes) and "Living Single" (3 episodes).
In 1992, Federman made his debut on "The Tonight Show" and has subsequently appeared many times times on the program. He also appeared on "Late Fridays", "Comedy Showcase", and "Premium Blend". In 2004, he taped his own 1/2-hour stand-up special for the series, "Comedy Central Presents". In 1998, Wayne appeared as Larry Sander's brother, Stan, and was later reunited with Garry Shandling on "The X-Files" episode "Hollywood A.D.". Written and directed by David Duchovny, the creative episode followed Wayne Federman, a Hollywood producer/writer and college friend of assistant FBI director, Walter Skinner. Television led Wayne to film roles in "Jack Frost", "Dill Scallion", "Legally Blonde", "50 First Dates", "", "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", "Unaccompanied Minors", "Knocked Up", and "Step Brothers".
In 2006, Federman landed the recurring role of "Johnson" on the short-lived CBS sitcom, "Courting Alex". Federman co-wrote and starred in "Max and Josh", a short film that premiered at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival, where it won the Volkswagen Relentless Drive Award.
Beginning in 2007, Federman wrote, produced, and hosted an annual holiday variety show entitled, "A Very Federman Christmas" at the Los Angeles nightclub, Largo. Guests included Paul F. Tompkins, Kevin Nealon, Jon Hamm, Sarah Silverman, Mary Lynn Rajskub, Samm Levine, Margaret Cho, Greg Behrendt, Willie Garson, and Andrew Daly.
Voiceover work.
In 1990, while shooting a television commercial campaign for McDonalds (directed by Henry Winkler), Federman recorded a series of tie-in radio commercials. This launched his voice-over career. Since then his distinctive voice is heard on hundreds of radio and television spots. Federman was the voice of the talking "ham and cheese" sandwich in the long-running Florida Orange Juice campaign.
He also provided voices for the animated series "The Wild Thornberrys", "King of The Hill", and "American Dad" .
His was the voice of Cartoon Cartoon Friday on the "Cartoon Network".
In 2007, Federman voiced a series of Labatt Beer commercials, portraying a fish, a deer, a boulder, and slab of ice. The Labatt's deer commercial was eventually pulled and re-edited when viewers complained of the implied vulgarity.
The Pete Maravich Project.
In 2000, Federman began co-authoring (with Marshall Terrill) a new, authorized biography of NBA basketball legend Pete Maravich. Working closely with the Maravich family, the book, entitled Maravich, was released on January 3, 2007. It became an Amazon Sports Bestseller.
In 2000, Federman was interviewed for, and served as senior consultant, on the Emmy award-winning CBS Sports documentary, "". He was also featured on "ESPN" "SportsCentury": Pete Maravich.
In 2007, Federman edited a highlight montage entitled "The Ultimate Pistol Pete Maravich MIX". It was a mixture of clips from Maravich's college and pro career. It was posted on YouTube, Yahoo Video, and Google video. It garnered over one million hits in its first month, and featured in both "Sports Illustrated" and "Dime" magazines.
Music and Composing.
In the 1990s Wayne was a founding member of the group "Truck Stop Harrys" along with Tudor Sherrard and Matthew Porretta.
Wayne co-wrote several songs for the film "Dill Scallion".
Wayne was the music director and keyboardist for Maria Bamford's critically acclaimed The Special Special Special.
New York City: 2009–2010.
In 2009, Federman moved to New York to help launch NBC's "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon". He was the show's head monologue writer over its first season and left in January 2010.
On April 20, 2010, Federman unearthed a long "lost" live episode of the "General Electric Theater" while working on a television retrospective for the Reagan Centennial Celebration. The episode, from December 1954, was noteworthy because it teamed Ronald Reagan with James Dean. Highlights were broadcast on the "CBS Evening News", "NBC Nightly News", and "Good Morning America".
In July 2010, Federman was part of the last comedians to tour and perform for U.S. combat troops throughout Iraq during Operation Iraqi Freedom.
One of Federman's stand-up jokes about Woody Allen (I’ve come to really admire Woody Allen. It’s been 14 years, and he’s still married to the same daughter.) was voted the No. 4 joke of year in 2010 by a survey in The New York Post.
Hollywood: 2010–present.
In June 2011, Federman headlined the Ukulele Festival of Great Britain along with James Hill.
In November 2011, an article Federman wrote about Ronald Reagan's pivotal role in establishing residual payments for film actors was published in The Atlantic.
January 2012 saw the launch of "Wayne Federman International Film Festival". Its inaugural program had Paul F. Tompkins, Garry Shandling, Andy Kindler, Kevin Pollak, and Margaret Cho. Doug Benson hosted a movie-interruption night along with Federman, Benson, Anthony Jeselnik, and Chris Hardwick.
In 2012 and 2013, Wayne Federman co-wrote the Independent Spirit Awards hosted by Seth Rogen and Andy Samberg respectively and received a Writers Guild of America Award nomination for his work.
In 2013, Melinda Hill interviewed Federman for the web series All Growz Up with Melinda Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="5997164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997164" title="Police Beat">
Police Beat

Police Beat is a 2005 American crime film directed by Robinson Devor and written by Charles Mudede. It follows the life of an African-born Seattle bicycle officer simply known as "Z" for a week. While Z goes about on his policing duties, he finds himself mentally preoccupied with his girlfriend who has gone on a camping trip with an old male friend. This obsession with the absence of his girlfriend and the escalating jealousy and paranoia makes him unfazed by the crimes he witnesses, which take place in locations all over Seattle (including the Arboretum, Gasworks Park in Wallingford, and the Boeing factory in Renton) on different levels of depravity.
The story is narrated by Z in his native Wolof language (the language of Senegal and parts of Mali, the Gambia, Cote d'Ivoire, and Mauritania), though he makes the transition to English when interacting with those around him. "Police Beat" provides an interesting glimpse into the life of a new immigrant to the United States that focuses less on the protagonist's experience as a new citizen and more on his response to life in an American city. His observation of both human vice and social outlook is contrasted with his conservative sense of duty, both to his work as a police officer and his relationship with his girlfriend.
Based on real police reports that appeared in Charles Mudede's column "Police Beat" for the weekly "The Stranger", the film also provides a snapshot of Seattle in the early 21st century, both in its urban grit and in its natural beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="5997167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997167" title="Adaílton Martins Bolzan">
Adaílton Martins Bolzan

Adaílton Martins Bolzan, best known as Adaílton (born in Santiago, Brazil, 24 January 1977) is a retired left footed Brazilian footballer who used to play as striker.
Adaílton holds Italian nationality, thus he was not restricted by labour law for non-European Union citizen.
Career.
Adailton began his career in 1994 with Juventude before moving to Guarani.
In 1997, he joined Parma but failed to impress and as the club already had Enrico Chiesa and Hernán Crespo, it was rumored that he would leave in January 1998, after having then played only three times in Serie A, including his debut on 21 September 1997 against Piacenza Calcio when he was substituted for Crespo in the 74th minute. He started his first game on 9 November and scored the opening goal in a 2–0 win against Empoli. Following the win he did not start again until the 1 February 1998 when he appeared against Bari. He started twice more in nine more league appearances following the transfer of Faustino Asprilla to the "Gialloblu".
In the next season he left for Paris Saint Germain before returning in the summer of 1999 to join Serie A newcomer Hellas Verona in a co-ownership deal and was closely followed at the club by the arrival of Robert Špehar. Under Cesare Prandelli, he started to play more regularly.
Verona acquired the full rights to the player in June 2004.
In the summer of 2006, Adaílton joined Serie B side Genoa along with Giuseppe Sculli, Luciano Figueroa and Ilyos Zeytulayev as part of the club's push for promotion. In January 2007 the club also signed Marco Di Vaio, Julio César de León and Mirco Gasparetto. Adaílton was paired with Di Vaio as the club's strike force in January, and helped Genoa to finish third and promotion to Serie A. For the following season Genoa signed Marco Borriello and Adaílton was sold to Serie B side Bologna on 31 August 2007. where he won promotion to Serie A again.
For the 2008–09 season, Bologna signed Di Vaio, and paired him with Adaílton again, with the latter ending the season as the team's top scorer and helping the club avoid relegation to Serie B.
Vaslui.
2010–2011.
On 3 August 2010, Adaílton signed a two-year contract with Liga I club FC Vaslui. He made his competitive debut for Vaslui on 14 August, in a 2-1 home win against FC Braşov. On 13 September, he scored his first Vaslui goals, netting twice in the emphatic 4-0 home league win over Oţelul Galaţi. On 25 September, he scored his first three-points goal, netting the winning goal against Gloria Bistriţa. On 15 October, Adaílton scored two more goals, in a 5-3 home victory over CFR Cluj Adaílton had worn the number 14 during the first half of the season, but switched during the winter break to the number 10 shirt. On 7 March 2011, he scored his sixth league goal for Vaslui, in a 2-0 home victory against Universitatea Cluj. On 19 March, he scored the equalizer from a 16-yard free kick, in a 1-1 draw against Steaua Bucureşti. The next round, he repeated the performance, in a 2-0 home victory against Unirea Urziceni, scoring from a 20-yard free kick. At the end of the season, the 11 goals scored and the 11 assists provided for his team mates were enough for Adaílton to be awarded the Vaslui Player of the Year award.
2011–2012.
Starting the 2011-12 season, due to the major squad problems, Adaílton began playing as a right winger. His new role, helped him to provide three assists for his team mates in the 3-0 victory against Concordia Chiajna. However, one day later Viorel Hizo announced that Adaílton will not play in the UEFA Europa League play-off against Sparta Prague, due to an injury suffered with Concordia. On 11 September, he provided two more assists in the 3-1 home league win against Dinamo Bucureşti. Four days later, he assisted Wesley's equalizer in the first match from the group stages of UEFA Europa League against Lazio. The game ended a 2-2 draw. On 3 October, he scored twice against CS Mioveni, ending a twelve Liga I matches goalless strike. Following Gabriel Cânu's long-term injury, and Wesley's red card received for hitting an opponent, Adaílton became captain for the Europa League matches. On 22 December, Adaílton finished second on the vote for "Gazeta Sporturilor's" Liga I Foreign Footballer of the Year Award, behind teammate Wesley.
On 16 June 2012, Adaílton decided to retire from professional football, in order to be with his family. He announced that he might return to Vaslui, not as a football player but as a member from the technical staff.
Statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played "
1Include 2 matches at Serie A playoff for relegation
International career.
Adaílton was the top goalscorer and winner of the Golden Shoe at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship

</doc>
<doc id="5997203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997203" title="Thetis-class ocean patrol vessel">
Thetis-class ocean patrol vessel

The "Thetis"-class ocean patrol vessels or Ocean patrol frigates, also called Stanflex 3000, is a class of large patrol vessels built for the Royal Danish Navy. The class comprises four ships, all built and commissioned in the early 1990s. The ships' tasks are mainly maintenance of sovereignty, search and rescue, fishery inspection and support to local (mainly Greenlandic) authorities. The operation areas are normally Greenland and the Faroe Islands, but the vessels also operate near Iceland on transit between Greenland and the Faroe Islands, and near Denmark.
Design.
The ships each have double-skinned ice-reinforced hulls so that the ships can break through of solid ice. "Thetis" has undergone a conversion, first to participate in the CANUMAS-project, and later to become the fleet's flagship, a role that ended in SEP 2007. The Danish Navy has retrofitted the vessels with heavy machine guns, Stinger launchers and decoy launching systems. The ships can carry and use multiple StanFlex mission modules.
In the most common role (ocean patrol), the standard base crew is 47 persons and 16 conscripts, but in either command ship role or more warfare heavy roles, the base crew is expanded to 60 persons plus 4 aircrew for the Westland Lynx Mk.90B and one or two doctors. Accommodation is available for 101 personnel in all.

</doc>
<doc id="5997208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997208" title="Ever Palacios">
Ever Palacios

Ever Antonio Palacios (born 18 January 1969 in Cali) is a Colombian football player, who played for a few clubs, including Deportivo Cali, Atlético Nacional, Atlético Junior, Shonan Bellmare (Japan), Kashiwa Reysol (Japan) and Boyacá Chicó.
Career.
Palacios played club football with Boyacá Chicó into his forties, making him one of the oldest players in Colombian league history.
Palacios played for the Colombia national football team and was a member of the national team competing at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5997215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997215" title="Across the Hall (2005 film)">
Across the Hall (2005 film)

Across the Hall is an American short film, made available to view online or downloaded to a cell phone. The movie has two versions- the first is a 25 minute director's cut, usually shown at film festivals, the second is split into two parts for downloading. Since the film is hosted on Samsung's Anyfilms.net, the movie features the use of a Samsung SGH-D600 phone.
Plot.
A quiet night takes a dangerous turn when Julian (Adrian Grenier) receives a frantic phone call from his best friend, Terry (James Oliver). Terry claims to have followed his unfaithful fiancée, June (Natalie Smyka), to a seedy hotel on the other side of town. To make matters worse, he’s staked out the room across the hall from her, a bottle of whiskey in one hand and a revolver in the other. Julian pleads with his friend to stay put while he rushes to avert disaster. But is Terry truly as desperate as he sounds, or has Julian been playing into his hands all along?
A full length feature remake was released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5997223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997223" title="SAE Institute Bangkok">
SAE Institute Bangkok

SAE Institute, Bangkok Thailand , is a branch of the SAE Institute that was set up in 2002 under an exclusive franchise agreement with Mahajak Development Co., Ltd., the largest distributor of professional audio and visual equipment in Southeast Asia. SAE Institute Thailand is located in the heart of Bangkok’s shopping district. Sharing the same objectives and concepts as other SAE Institutes around the world, SAE Bangkok opens its doors to aspiring students majoring in Audio engineering and Digital Filmmaking. In 2004, Digital Filmmaking was introduced based on the demand from the local industry. SAE Institute Thailand also offers specialized courses in Audio Engineering, Digital Filmmaking, Electronic Music Production, Digital Jockeying (DJ) and Dive Media (Underwater Filmmaking). 
The SAE Institute is a private college founded in 1976 by sound engineer and record producer Dr Tom Misner. Globally, SAE Institute offers courses in audio engineering, digital filmmaking, Animation, Gaming, Digital Journalism, Media Business, and more. It is the largest Creative Media Technology College in the world and currently there are campuses and facilities in 56 cities in over 20 countries around the world. SAE offers accelerated 2-year university degrees through a global partnership with Middlesex University in London. 
SAE Institute Thailand is accredited by the Ministry of Education (Thailand) and offers education for: 
There are also various workshops and bootcamps/express courses available at SAE Institute Thailand. 
History.
The SAE Institute (SAE in short, formerly also known as the "School of Audio Engineering" and the "SAE Technology College") is a private college founded in 1976 by Sound Engineer, Record Producer and businessman Tom Misner. The first school was opened 1977 in Sydney, (Australia). SAE Institute offers courses in Audio engineering, 3-D Animation, Multimedia and Digital Filmmaking. It is the largest college worldwide in these fields, and currently has campuses / facilities in 56 cities in 24 countries. Since 1998 SAE is additionally offering full university degrees through its global partnership with Middlesex University, London, United Kingdom, and in Australia already since 1996 through its co-operation with Southern Cross University. 
SAE Institute Thailand celebrated its 10th Anniversary in 2012 with a new campus at ZEN World within CentralWorld Plaza, which opened up to students in 2013.
Facilities.
AMS NEVE Genesys Studio: centered around a 32 input AMS NEVE Genesys Hybrid mixing console, which is paired with a ProTools HD system. Includes industry standard microphones such as Shure Beta 57 & 91, KSM 44 and the Rode NT2 condenser. 
"Equipment List:"
Digidesign D-Command Studio: equipped with a Digidesign D-Command; adjacent 4m x 6m live room provides environment for tracking drums, guitars, vocals, etc. Includes industry standard microphones such as Shure Beta 57 & 91, KSM 44 and the Rode NT2 condenser.
"Equipment List:"
AV Post Production Studio: used for recording voiceovers, ADR (Automated dialogue replacement), adding music beds and spotting sound effects. Additionally used for editing and rough mixing ProTools sessions recorded in other studios.

</doc>
<doc id="5997238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997238" title="Hazelwood North, Victoria">
Hazelwood North, Victoria

Hazelwood North is a locality in Victoria, Australia. It has a population of 1220 (as of the 2006 census).
Max Cranwell, who died in a 2009 plane crash in Papua New Guinea, resided in Hazelwood North until his death.
Nearly exclusively inhabited by graziers and farmers, Hazelwood North is so named due to its geographical orientation from the town "Hazelwood" - Now known as Churchill.
The district is not completely residential however, located along Church Road which runs right through the districts centre, is the state-government run Hazelwood North Primary School, opposite the Hazelwood North Church and Hall - both used by the school for functions and services.

</doc>
<doc id="5997257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997257" title="Between a Rock and a Hard Place (Australian Crawl album)">
Between a Rock and a Hard Place (Australian Crawl album)

Between a Rock and a Hard Place was the final studio album from Australian rock band Australian Crawl. It was produced by English producer Adam Kidron (Ian Dury, Cabaret Voltaire, Aztec Camera). The album was initially released by Freestyle Records on vinyl and reached #11 on the ARIA album charts but slipped out of the top 40 two weeks later. The album was subsequently re-released on CD in 1997. 
When the album virtually failed to chart, the band was ready to split but had to go out on tour for the next year to pay off the enormous $400,000 cost of producing the album. After completing their national tour of Australia in January, 1986, the band split up. Australian Crawl released a successful live album, "The Final Wave", on the Freestyle Record label, towards the end of October, 1986.
Singles.
There were four singles lifted from the album, "Two Can Play"/"Two Can Play" (released June, 1985), "If This Is Love"/"You Told Me" (released September, 1985), "Trouble Spot Rock"/"Newly Weds In The Morning" (released November, 1985) and "Two Hearts"/"Across the Way" (released January, 1986). 
All the singles failed to have significant chart success with "Two Can Play" reaching #44 and only remaining in the charts for nine weeks, "If This Is Love" peaking at #87 and remaining for three weeks, whilst "Trouble Spot Rock" reached #69 and stayed in the charts for four weeks.
Track listing.
All songs were written by James Reyne, except where otherwise noted.
Personnel.
Credits:

</doc>
<doc id="5997267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997267" title="Leverett's Chapel Independent School District">
Leverett's Chapel Independent School District

Leverett's Chapel Independent School District is a public school district located in northwestern Rusk County, Texas that serves the unincorporated communities of Leverett's Chapel and Laird Hill.
Academic achievement.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Leverett's Chapel High School plays six-man football.

</doc>
<doc id="5997270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997270" title="Tehran Times">
Tehran Times

Tehran Times began in 1979 as a foreign-language newspaper to air the voice of the Islamic Revolution. The policy that the newspaper has been following has been based on the guideline set by Ayatollah Mohammad Hossein Beheshti who said: ""Tehran Times" is not state-owned newspaper ("Tehran Times" is not the newspaper of government), rather it must be the voice of the Islamic Revolution and the oppressed people in the world.” ("Tehran Times" must be the voice of the Islamic Revolution and the oppressed people in the world.) Since the beginning of Iranian calendar year 1390 (21 March 2011) all the newspaper’s pages are printed in color. Some Americans are contributors supportive of Iran, such as conservative Paul Craig Roberts. The paper lauded American Leuren Moret's efforts on radiation as a "crusade"
In 2002, "Tehran Times" established a news agency which later came to be known as the Mehr News Agency (MNA). Now, "Tehran Times" and the MNA are run by a single management system with MNA staff triple that of "Tehran Times". MNA is one of the outlets for the Ministry of Intelligence and National Security (Iran) which dissident groups have been charged of planting false stories in the media
The management system has decided to expand the activities of the newspaper by publishing it in some foreign countries. For example, efforts has been started to publish 2000 print versions of the newspaper in Malaysia in the second half of Iranian calendar year 1390 (which ended on 19 March 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="5997272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997272" title="Hans Naumann">
Hans Naumann

Hans Naumann (May 13, 1886 – September 25, 1951) was a German literary historian (philologist) and folklorist ("Germanist").
Naumann was born in Görlitz and died in Bonn. Being a member of the Nazi Party, Naumann was a strong proponent of the book burning.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5997278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997278" title="Airport Link">
Airport Link

Airport Link could refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5997279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997279" title="Eugenie Mary Ladenburg Davie">
Eugenie Mary Ladenburg Davie

Eugenie Mary "May" Ladenburg Davie (1895–September 19, 1975) was a noted Republican activist in New York and a director of the controversial Pioneer Fund at the end of her life. She was second wife to influential lawyer Preston Davie.
Political activism.
Davie was descended from a Tammany Hall founder and was a lifelong activist. Her 1917 affair with Bernard Baruch was of great interest to Alice Roosevelt Longworth who monitored the affair "in the name of patriotism," in the words of historian Blanche Wiesen Cook. She once angered pilot Amelia Earhart by injecting political commentary into a speech introduction.
Davie was on the Republican National Finance Committee, a regent of the National Library of Medicine, a trustee at Adelphi College and Long Island University; chairwoman of the Robert A. Taft Institute of Government.
A onetime leader of the Landon Volunteers, she was vice president of the American Women's Voluntary Services, Inc. She butted heads with Fiorello La Guardia during World War II after he told William Fellowes Morgan, Jr. to dismiss her as an unpaid assistant. She became an active member of the Republican Party and was the head of the Woman’s Auxiliary during Wendell Willkie’s campaign to unseat Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1940. La Guardia's tenure marked the end of the Tammany power in New York, and Davie's political influence gradually faded over the ensuing decades.
Later life.
Her husband died in 1967, but she continued to go by Mrs. Preston Davie in formal situations. In the last year of her life, she became involved in the Pioneer Fund as a Director. She was informally known as May Davie, the name under which her "New York Times" obituary appeared.

</doc>
<doc id="5997320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997320" title="Liam Bartlett">
Liam Bartlett

Liam Bartlett is a journalist from Perth, Western Australia. 
Bartlett worked on the Nine Network's "60 Minutes" current affairs program for six years and a half years before leaving, citing family reasons. 
Career.
Previously, Liam had a six year stint with ABC radio station 720 ABC Perth, presenting the morning program. He had previously worked for STW 9 in Perth and GWN in Bunbury as a news anchor and reporter. While working on Perth radio stations, Liam also had a weekly opinion column in the News Corporation newspaper "The Sunday Times". He had previously appeared on television on the 7.30 Report, ABC TV and the Nine Network Australia (GTV Melbourne) presenting both current affairs and news.
Bartlett was a delegate to the Australian Constitutional Convention 1998. He was an elected delegate and had contested the poll as an independent candidate.
In 2002, Bartlett won a Churchill Fellowship to study investigative journalism. He spent three months in the United States and the United Kingdom.
In July 2006 he left Perth radio station 6PR after only nine weeks on air to join "60 Minutes", replacing the late Richard Carleton.
During his career Bartlett has won three international and two national awards for reporting, including New York Festival awards for both TV and Radio and the Bridget Bardot (Genesis) Award for TV. In addition he has been awarded four (4) separate state-based(WA) AJA (Australian Journalists Association) Awards for investigative reports and feature writing.
Personal life.
Bartlett is married to Claire and they have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="5997321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997321" title="Pasha Hristova">
Pasha Hristova

Parashkeva Hristova Stefanova (), known artistically as Pasha Hristova () (July 16, 1946 - December 21, 1971) was a Bulgarian singer, best known for performing one of Bulgaria's most popular songs "Една българска роза" ("A Bulgarian Rose"). Some of the other songs she was famous for are "Повей, ветре" ("Blow, Oh Wind"), "Този дивен свят" ("This Wondrous World", a take on Czesław Niemen's "Dziwny jest ten świat") and "Янтра" ("Yantra"). Her brief but meteoric career took off in the late 1960s. In the short time between 1967 and 1971, she won a number of prestigious awards at Bulgarian and international music festivals. She died young in a plane crash in 1971, pregnant with her second child.
Life and career.
Pasha was born in Sofia in the residential district of Knyajevo to mother Lyubka and father Hristo. When she was five, her parents divorced. Her father got remarried to a woman named Tsvetana and received custody of Pasha, while her brother Ventsi remained with his mother. Pasha's second brother Krasimir is the child of her father's second marriage. Both Pasha and Krasimir were raised to call both mothers their own. They called them "mother Tsetska" and "mother Lyubka". Lyubka worked at the kindergarten they attended so both children were cared after by her there and by Tsetska at home. The children were also raised by their grandmother Parashkeva on their father's side. They called her "old mother". Pasha had a very close relationship with "old mother" (whom she was named after), who brought her up and enrolled her in violin lessons. While most people at the time called her Pepi (the usual diminutive for the names Petranka, Petya, Penka and the like), her grandmother, who was a great admirer of Pasha Angelina (a famous Soviet Stakhanovite of the Joseph Stalin era), gave her the nickname Pasha. Pasha was traumatized by her grandmother's death. They were very close and shared a bed. One morning she simply woke up in her grandmother's cold, stiff embrace.
In subsequent teenage years, she would quarrel with her father and would occasionally spend a few days at her mother's home after an argument. Acquaintances described her as a very shy and modest girl. Having completed her secondary education, she started work as a draftswoman at the Balkancar electrocar factory. She married an engineer named Vasil Ivanov and they had a son Milen together. They drifted apart however and eventually separated (without an official divorce), after which Pasha took custody of the child.
At that same time, Pasha auditioned for The Stage Singers School for the Bulgarian National Radio. She was accepted for her remarkable voice and despite a strong lisp that was subsequently treated surgically. With the help of her teacher, she found work as a soloist (after being denied a position in the Sofia Orchestra) in the Labour Corps Ensemble. Her first great success was at the 1967 Sochi festival in the Soviet Union, where she won first prize and a gold medal. In 1968 she was accepted into the Sofia Orchestra, and she worked with them for the rest of her career. The then-conductor and leader of the band, Nikolay "Bebo" Kuyumdzhiev, was soon replaced by Nikolay "Fucho" Arabadzhiev, with whom Pasha collaborated productively. He was a conductor, composer, pianist and clarinetist. They fell deeply in love and basically lived in a common law marriage until their deaths. She would spend the following years touring Bulgaria and various other countries, primarily in what was then the Soviet bloc. In 1970 she won third prize at the Golden Stag Festival in Braşov, Romania, first prize for the song "Яворова пролет" ("Yavor Spring", yavor being a word for the sycamore tree and also a Bulgarian male name) (music by Svetozar Rusinov) in the radio competition "Spring", and at the all-Bulgarian Golden Orpheus Festival, the Grand Prize was awarded to "Повей, ветре" and first prize to "Една българска роза" (music by Dimitar Valchev), both performed by Pasha Hristova. In 1971, her performance of "Този дивен свят" (A Bulgarian adaptation of "Dziwny jest ten świat") won first prize at the Sopot International Song Festival in Poland. Finally, her song "Бяла песен" ("White Song") won the Bulgarian "Melody of the year" television contest in 1972, shortly after her death.
Death.
In 1971, she was due for a flight to Algeria where she would have toured with the Sofia Orchestra and other colleagues, including well-known stage singers Mariya Neykova, Boris Gudjunov and folk music singer Yanka Rupkina. As the plane was taking off, it rapidly lost altitude, hit the ground headfirst, broke in half and its front exploded and went up in flames. Pasha and Nikolay Arabadzhiev were in the front seats and died almost immediately (all in all 30 people were killed, including the entire crew). When Pasha died, she was carrying her second child, from Arabadzhiev. After being identified, Pasha was buried at Central Sofia Cemetery, in the catholic parcel.
Little if any documentation of the details behind the cause of the crash has been released. The investigation into the matter was quickly placed under wraps. What is certain is that the plane in question had just come out of an extensive overhaul that took months to finish. An irresponsible technical error was made during the overhaul: the cables for the ailerons were incorrectly connected (left cable to right aileron and vice-versa). Thus, when the pilots tried to straighten the plane, they ended up tilting it further, resulting in a crash at an extremely low altitude during take-off. According to an official report (made public only in 2001, and thanks to the efforts of a journalist from the Bulgarian newspaper "24 hours"), lack of expertise was said to be the culprit - the procedure was carried out by technicians lacking practical experience and using two separate design plans.
According to Ani Nemova, there were attacks on her father Todor Yanakiev, the co-pilot originally assigned to that flight. She states that there were a total of three IL-18 planes that were sabotaged as a scare tactic to prevent Yanakiev from speaking to Todor Zhivkov about smuggling operations on freighters to Russia - one in Zürich, one in Beli Iskar, and one in Sofia. On all three occasions Todor Yanakiev was taken off the plane at the last minute. He was warned, however, that the next time that would happen, he would not be saved.
Actor Vasil Draganov believes that there was a hit out on his grandfather of the same name, who was the actual co-pilot on the fateful flight. The older Draganov is said to have had inside information on weapons being smuggled to third-world countries. Singer Boris Gudzhunov, a colleague of Pasha, has also said in subsequent interviews that according to his knowledge, the co-pilot was a target.
Another colleague and perhaps best friend of Pasha, singer-songwriter Mariya Neikova, barely made it out alive. In panic, she quickly made a dash for safety, tearing one of her calves badly (which had gotten pierced by a metal rod in the crash), fled and jumped from a great height (around 10 meters). She survived but was severely injured. She had fractured her ribs and some of her vertebrae, and had over 40 stitches done on her legs. It was her birthday. For many years after the disaster, she did not celebrate her birthday, feeling guilt for having survived only because of switching seats with Pasha. In addition to this, Maria's husband was also among the ones who died in the crash.
Musical style and voice.
Pasha Hristova had a very versatile voice and worked in different genres. Some of her songs can be described as ballads or chansons, many others are jazz and contemporary rock and roll, and she has even recorded some Bulgarian folk songs. As was common among Bulgarian singers at the time, a large part of her repertoire consisted of translations or broad adaptations of foreign originals.
Her singing voice had a full and rich quality to the timbre. She was capable of alternating between the powerful and dramatic ("a voice that sweeps everything away") and the gentle and lyrical.
One of her colleagues, singer Mimi Ivanova, has commented that despite being a shy and delicate person in everyday life, Pasha was "a volcano on stage".

</doc>
<doc id="5997323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997323" title="Leverett's Chapel, Texas">
Leverett's Chapel, Texas

Leverett's Chapel is an unincorporated community in northwestern Rusk County, Texas, United States.
The Leverett's Chapel Independent School District serves area students.

</doc>
<doc id="5997327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997327" title="Mauricio Serna">
Mauricio Serna

Mauricio Alberto Serna Valencia (born 22 January 1968 in Medellín) is a retired Colombian football player who played 51 games for the Colombia national team between 1993 and 2001
"Chicho" Serna played for a number of clubs, including Deportivo Pereira, Atlético Nacional, Boca Juniors (Argentina), Puebla F.C. (Mexico), Chacarita Juniors (Argentina) and Talleres Córdoba (Argentina). He was often cheered by Boca's fans with ""Chicho, Chicho, Chicho. Huevo, Huevo, Huevo."", referring to his compelling style of play.
At Boca Serna played 96 league games, scoring 2 goals. He played a total of 123 games for the club in all competitions.
Serna played for the Colombia national football team and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup and at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5997330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997330" title="Laird Hill, Texas">
Laird Hill, Texas

Laird Hill is an unincorporated community in northwestern Rusk County, Texas, United States.
The Leverett's Chapel Independent School District serves area students.

</doc>
<doc id="5997334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997334" title="La zingara">
La zingara

La zingara ("The Gypsy Girl") is an opera semiseria in two acts by Gaetano Donizetti, set to a libretto by Andrea Leone Tottola after "La petite bohémienne" ("The Little Gypsy") by Louis-Charles Caigniez, which was itself derived from a work of August von Kotzebue.
It was Donizetti's first opera written for Naples, and the first performance took place at the Teatro Nuovo on 12 May 1822.
One critic reviewing the 2001 recording from the Festival della Valle d'Itria, made the following observations about the opera: 
Synopsis.
Don Ranuccio has imprisoned Don Sebastiano in his castle and he also wants to kill the Duke of Alziras, his political rival. Ranuccio's daughter Ines is in love with Fernando, but her father wants her to marry Antonio who is Don Sebastiano's nephew.
Argilla, the gypsy girl of the title, brings together the lovers Ferrando and Ines, saves the life of the Duke, whom she brings together again with his brother, and frees Don Sebastiano, who turns out to be her father. Comedy is provided by the servant Pappacione, fooled into searching for gold in an old cistern. All ends happily.
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="5997339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997339" title="Energy content of biofuel">
Energy content of biofuel

The Energy content of biofuel is a description of the potential energy contained in a given biofuel, measured per unit mass of that fuel, as specific energy, or per unit of volume of the fuel, as energy density. 
A biofuel is a fuel, produced from living organisms. Biofuels include bioethanol, an alcohol made by fermentation—often used as a gasoline additive, and biodiesel, which is usually used as a diesel additive. Specific energy is energy per unit mass, which is used to describe the energy content of a fuel, expressed in SI units as joule per kilogram (J/kg) or equivalent units. Energy density is the amount of energy stored in a fuel per unit volume, expressed in SI units as joule per litre (J/L) or equivalent units.
Energy and CO2 output of common biofuels.
The table below includes entries for popular substances already used for their energy, or being discussed for such use.
The second column shows specific energy, the energy content in kilojoules per unit of mass in kilograms, useful in understanding the energy needed to ship the fuel, which takes away from its net energy contribution. 
The third column in the table lists energy density, the energy content per liter of volume, which is useful for understanding the space needed for storing the fuel.
The final two columns deal with the carbon footprint of the fuel. The fourth column contains the proportion of CO2 released when the fuel is converted for energy, with respect to its starting mass, and the fifth column lists the energy produced per kilogram of CO2 produced. As a guideline, a higher number in this column is better for the environment. But these numbers do not account for other green house gases released during burning, production, storage, or shipping. For example, methane may have hidden environmental costs that are not reflected in the table. [http://cypenv.org/worldenv/files/methane.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="5997349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997349" title="Naumann">
Naumann

Naumann is a Central German variation of the surname Neumann. Notable people with the surname include:
Nauman is a variant and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5997352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997352" title="Comedia">
Comedia

Comedia is a comedy film festival taking place in Montreal in July as part of the larger Just for Laughs comedy festival. 
The Comedia festival started in 1996. It celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2006. For a few years, Comedia was held as part of the Fantasia Festival which also began in 1996.
It gives awards for feature and short films. 2005, Comedia screened 125 short films from around the world as well as several feature length films.
At the 2007 Comedia, part of the 25th anniversary Just for Laughs, the hit French comedy T4xi, had its Canadian premiere (July 22).

</doc>
<doc id="5997360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997360" title="Martin's Mill, Texas">
Martin's Mill, Texas

Martin's Mill is an unincorporated community in south central Van Zandt County, Texas, United States.
The Martin's Mill Independent School District serves area students.

</doc>
<doc id="5997363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997363" title="Shawn Abner">
Shawn Abner

Shawn Wesley Abner (born June 17, 1966 in Hamilton, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played from to . He is best known for being chosen first in the 1984 Major League Baseball Draft, although he would go on to have a marginal career.
Abner attended high school at Mechanicsburg Area High School in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania, where he was identified by New York Mets scouts as an all-around "can't miss" outfield prospect after his sophomore year. He was also a star at football, and his number "16" was retired by the school for use in both sports. The Mets owned the first pick in the 1984 amateur draft and had had recent draft successes with Darryl Strawberry and Dwight Gooden, two players who became stars almost immediately despite their young age. Shawn Abner was chosen first in the draft; his brother Ben was also taken, in the fifth round by the Montreal Expos. Other players chosen in the first round included Bill Swift, Cory Snyder, Terry Mulholland, Jay Bell, Oddibe McDowell, and, perhaps most importantly, Mark McGwire.
Abner never played a game for the Mets. After moving slowly through the minor league system, he was traded after the 1986 season to the San Diego Padres as part of an eight-player deal that sent Kevin Mitchell to the Padres in exchange for Kevin McReynolds. He would make his debut on September 8, 1987, a loss to the Braves. Abner came into the game in the top of the 8th inning as a pinch hitter for Lance McCullers. He flied out to center field in his first major league at bat. 
The light-hitting Abner played sparingly over the next five seasons for San Diego, being used mostly as a reserve outfielder. He would be traded to the California Angels in and signed by the Chicago White Sox in 1992. His season with the White Sox was probably his best, as he attained a .279 batting average over 97 games, and had a perfect fielding percentage as an outfielder.
However, Abner would injure his knee the following season, while in the Kansas City Royals organization, and never played in the Majors again. He would end up back in the New York Mets organization in 1995, rehabilitating his knee with the Norfolk Tides.

</doc>
<doc id="5997378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997378" title="Dan Alexa">
Dan Alexa

Dan Alexa (born 28 October 1979 in Timişoara) is a retired Romanian footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
After he ended his playing career, Alexa became manager. His first job came at Poli Timișoara, in March 2014.
Club career.
Early career.
Although born in Banat, Alexa was considered disposable while at UM Timișoara in 1998, and he moved to Rocar Bucureşti where he helped his side reach the 2000–01 Romanian Cup final. 
Dinamo București.
After several years there and short spells at FC Timişoara and Universitatea Craiova, Alexa got his big chance as Dinamo Bucharest decided to transfer him. His performances were of a high calibre throughout the two seasons he spent there, but he also got a reputation for being an extremely aggressive player. In two years he scored 1 goal in 47 appearances.
Beijing Hyundai.
His consequent move to Beijing Hyundai saw him leave Romania for two years. In a friendly match against Real Madrid he was selected man of the match.
Dinamo București.
He returned to Dinamo in 2006 just for a few months playing 13 matches, scoring a goal.
Politehnica Timișoara.
In the summer of the same year, Politehnica boss Marian Iancu decided to bring Alexa - by then, a real "persona non grata" in Timișoara, due to his pledge of loyalty to Dinamo - back to the city where he started his career, together with team-mate Ştefan Grigorie. The fans protested at Alexa's arrival in Timișoara through several banners and chants, but the club's management remained unimpressed. Alexa himself stated that he had made those statements out of necessity and that he will do all he can to prove to the fans that he is a real professional.A few months after his arrival, Alexa became the captain of Poli. He is nicknamed "the surgeon" because he inflicted many injuries requiring surgery to opposing players. In 19 April 2010, he scored the equaliser goal in the 98th minute against CFR Cluj and mentain Poli in battle for the title, however Poli finished 5th, losing the last 3 matches.
Rapid București.
On 4 June 2011, the former captain of Politehnica Timişoara signed a two-year contract with Rapid Bucureşti following the relegation of Poli.
Anorthosis Famagusta.
On 24 June 2012, Dan Alexa signed with the Cyprus First Division football club, Anorthosis Famagusta, on a free transfer. He signed a reported €250,000/yr contract with the club.
International career.
Alexa was first called up by the national team in 2004. Later in 2010, he was called up for a friendly match against Italy after a six-year absence. Alexa scored his first goals for Romania in a 2–2 draw against Ukraine at Cyprus International Cup 2011. However, Romania were eliminated from the tournament, after losing on penalty kicks 4–2.

</doc>
<doc id="5997381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997381" title="Inside My Brain">
Inside My Brain

Inside My Brain is the debut album by the American punk rock band Angry Samoans, released in 1980. The most infamous song on the album, "Get Off the Air", was directed at influential KROQ-FM DJ Rodney Bingenheimer.

</doc>
<doc id="5997384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997384" title="Waxpool, Virginia">
Waxpool, Virginia

Waxpool is an unincorporated community in Loudoun County, Virginia. Waxpool is centered on Waxpool Road (Virginia Secondary Route 625) in the vicinity of Beaver Dam Reservoir and the planned community of Broadlands.
Waxpool once contained a general store and post office in one building near the intersection of Waxpool Road(Rte. 625) and Belmont Ridge Rd(Rte. 659). The store and was reportedly opened in 1947. The post office was reportedly opened in 1953. Both the store and post office continued operation until 1966.
Waxpool currently contains William D. Parsell Field, baseball field. Formerly named, Waxpool Baseball field, it is currently named for the former owner and lessor of the field to Dulles Little League for use of the Waxpool Mustangs and Waxpool Orioles from the early 1970s through the early 1990s.
Waxpool's name was derived from the fact that much of the local soil is Iredell clay loam, known locally as "wax land" from the waxy nature of the subsoil.
Waxpool contained 3 dairy farms from the 1970s until 2 of them were separately purchased and zoned for planned community property in the 1990s. One farm currently remains, located near the intersection of Waxpool Road(Rte. 625) and Belmont Ridge Rd(Rte. 659).
References.
History and comprehensive description of Loudoun County, Virginia

</doc>
<doc id="5997386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997386" title="Heavy Starch">
Heavy Starch

Heavy Starch is the first album of rap artist Ali, released on April 30, 2002.
The first single released from the album was the song "Boughetto", which features St. Lunatic faithful Murphy Lee.

</doc>
<doc id="5997390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997390" title="Massimo Donati">
Massimo Donati

Massimo Donati (born 26 March 1981 in San Vito al Tagliamento, Italy) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Serie A club Verona.
Career.
From Atalanta to Milan.
Donati is a central midfielder and started his career at Atalanta and moved to A.C. Milan in 2001 along with Cristian Zenoni for 60 billion lire in cash plus player deal (Player asset was majority). However, due to the competition at the club, Donati was unable to claim a first team place, spending the 2002–03 season on loan at Parma and then Torino.
His second season (2003–04) at the San Siro saw him join Sampdoria on loan, before enjoying a successful spell at Messina for the 2004–05 and 2005–06 seasons.
Despite finding his form at Messina, Donati still found himself out of favour at Milan and was sent again on loan for the 2006–07 season, this time to his first club Atalanta.
Celtic.
On 29 June 2007, Celtic confirmed the signing of Donati on a four-year contract for a fee of €2million. Donati was given the number 18 jersey, vacated by ex-captain Neil Lennon and was unveiled at Celtic Park. He made his Celtic debut debut in their first league game of the season on 5 August, a 0–0 draw with Kilmarnock. In Celtic's next league game against Falkirk, Donati was involved in his side's equaliser when his shot hit Kenny Milne and went into the net; Celtic won the game 4–1. The following week, Donati grabbed his first competitive Celtic goal with an equalising goal against Aberdeen and later added an assist for Kenny Miller as Celtic won 3–1.
On 28 November, Donati won the match for Celtic in the UEFA Champions League fixture against Shakhtar Donetsk, netting in the 92nd minute to win the match 2–1. This result meant Celtic only needed a point away to Donati's former club A.C. Milan in the San Siro to qualify for the last 16 stage of the tournament. Celtic lost 1–0 to Milan, but still qualified for the last 16 as runners-up in their group after Benfica defeated Shakhtar in Ukraine. As the season went on, Donati's form began to dip, resulting in the central midfield positions being changed with Barry Robson and Paul Hartley in place of Donati and Scott Brown. In May 2008, it was reported that Donati wanted to go back to Serie A.
In the 2008–09 season, Donati made only a handful of appearances for Celtic, though he started in the home game against Kilmarnock on 12 November 2008 and won the man of the match award.
After the appointment of Tony Mowbray as Celtic manager, Donati won back his place in the Celtic midfield alongside new signing Landry N'Guemo. Donati played in most of the pre-season games and scored in a 5–0 win over African Champions League winners Al-Ahly in the Wembley Cup. He started the 2009–10 campaign in fine form and scored from a spectacular volley in Celtic's 3–1 loss to Arsenal in the Champions League play-off.
Bari.
On 27 August 2009, Donati left Celtic and signed a four-year contract with Serie A newcomers A.S. Bari.
Palermo.
On 18 January 2012, Donati was transferred from Bari in Serie B to Palermo in Serie A.
Verona.
In June 2013, Donati was signed by Hellas Verona F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="5997393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997393" title="Abel Tasman Inland Track">
Abel Tasman Inland Track

The Abel Tasman Inland Track is a 38 km tramping track that runs through the centre of the Abel Tasman National Park and is maintained by the Department of Conservation. It diverts from the main Abel Tasman Coast Track between Tinline Bay and Torrent Bay. Although the coast track has the reputation of being New Zealand's most popular walking track, the inland track is a much less walked route, with regular back-country huts.

</doc>
<doc id="5997396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997396" title="Melbourne Cinematheque">
Melbourne Cinematheque

The Melbourne Cinémathèque is a non-profit film society screening programmes year-round, dedicated to presenting the history of world cinema on the big screen in carefully curated retrospectives. It started out as Melbourne University Film Society (MUFS) in 1948 and changed its name to Cinémathèque in 1984. It screens at the Australian Centre for the Moving Image (ACMI).
The Melbourne Cinémathèque screens archival 35mm and 16mm film prints from organisations such as the British Film Institute, Library of Congress (Washington, USA), UCLA Film & TV Archive etc. The Melbourne Cinémathèque's mission is to present films in the medium they were created, and as closely as possible to screen them the way they would have originally screened, (i.e. big screen 16 & 35mm prints, not video or DVD). Programmes include a diverse selection of classic and contemporary films showcasing director retrospectives, special guest appearances and thematic series including archival material and many new prints. Seasons have included "A Band of Outsiders: The Cinematic Underworld of Jean-Pierre Melville", All Art is One': The Visionary Cinema of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger", "Life is Art: The World of Jean Renoir", "Glacial Crossroads: The Cinema of Michael Haneke", "Surviving Kane: Around the World with Orson Welles", and "The Music of Time: The World of Max Ophüls", as well as programmes dedicated to German Noir, Yasujiro Ozu, Marco Bellocchio, Agnès Varda, Manoel de Oliveira and Barbara Stanwyck, amongst others. The Melbourne Cinémathèque is self-administered, non-profit, membership-driven and relies on support from individuals, foundations, corporations and government funding to maintain its high standard of excellence.
External links.
The Melbourne Cinémathèque began in 1948, as the Melbourne University Film Society. In the 1950s and 1960s, MUFS was huge. They were one of the 3 original partners in the success of The Melbourne Film Festival, along with the AFI & the Federation of Victorian Film Societies. It shared in the profits of the Film Festival & used these to mount imported film Season - a Carl Dreyer season & a French package were 2 highlights. It also had a film production arm that made the first film that Barry Humphreys appeared in. Into the 1970s & 1980s membership numbers dwindled due to ex-Sydney Uni students copying the student film society model and then screen repertory programming to a general public (The Valhalla). However, MUFS continued, screening 16mm prints from local distributors, the French & German Embassies & the National Library film collection, and a number of other cultural film libraries sprinkled around. In 1984, as we were no longer relevant to what the University of Melbourne did, & because we had outgrown the Undergraduate Lounge, where we used to have weekly screenings of 16mm films, we moved to RMIT & changed the name to The Melbourne Cinémathèque. The cinema was larger but could only provide 16mm & video. At that time we wanted to move to The State Film Centre but were unable to do so as the venue ran its own screening program & excluded others from using the venue. However, after many years of unsuccessful programming they changed their structure & we were then able to screen good quality VHS & 35mm, & also variable speed 16mm for the silent films. This was in 1993. By this time our program was touring nationally, though the assistance of the AFI, and was screened in various forms in Adelaide, Perth, Hobart, Sydney, Brisbane & Canberra. This was administered originally by the AFI & later funded & administered by the AFC. At this stage our program was mainly repertory with only the occasional imported print. There were also occasional film seasons, but these ran as special events. The first imports we screened came from New Zealand and were a couple of Scorsese shorts & Errol Morris Gates of Heaven. Our first big imported season was Lubitsch in 1994. This was followed over subsequent years by further German programs - a Dietrich season, Fritz Lang, Douglas Sirk. Slowly the component of imported films increased & we also began to screen seasons at The Film Festival Theatrette. This slowly expanded to increase more & more screen partners. In late 2002 we moved to ACMI. We were the first organisation to screen there. That year we screened 5 seasons - Godard, King Hu, Tarkovsky's Heirs, German Noir & Kurosawa. More than half the program was still repertory. As the screen at ACMI is so large we decided that we needed to screen on 35mm as much as possible. This further advanced our need to use imported prints & as theme season were easier to sell & popular we increased the number of these. This year we are showing 11 themed seasons. Now, about 70% of our program is imported. Parts of this program will be shared with Canberra, Adelaide, Brisbane & Sydney.
Arrested Developments or From The Heroes are Tired to the Tomb of Liegia: Some notes on the Melbourne University Film Society in the 1960s
- dedicated to Brian Davies, who arguably did most to introduce modernist cinema to Australia
Allan Finney (writing in 1999):
“For me life in the 1960s life was so simple. There was nothing else except MUFS and MOVIES... and there was no distinction between the two... We saw at least 10 films a week and kept a detailed record of everyone. The Auteur Theory reigned supreme... OUR WEEK: Monday lunchtime committee meetings; Tuesday lunchtime short films; Wednesday and Friday lunchtime feature screenings where there was also regular screenings of Nick Ray & Raoul Walsh movies; Friday night classic screenings... Everyone was the enemy... especially the Melbourne Film Society, the Melbourne Film Festival (of which MUFS was involved in at a committee level), Colin Bennett, Howard Palmer... and everyone in Sydney... We all wanted to make movies... and, of course this meant attacking the status quo... or more correctly... ignoring it... because we didn’t have a true local industry.”
Term 1, 1960, editorial by Christopher Bell from Annotations on Film:
“Now unfortunately the film seems to be on the decline…. Even in this discouraging hour however we must not lose sight of the film’s importance as an artistic medium. There are still excellent films produced, and presumably always will be… If we can train ourselves to benefit to the full from these, the cinema may still retain its status as an art.”
Overhead:
So why have I chosen to give a paper at a conference called “Go!: Melbourne in the 60s”, focusing on what might seem to be a relatively peripheral - from a contemporary perspective - cultural formation (a film society emanating from Melbourne University servicing mainly university students). On looking at the conference schedule I was not surprised to find myself as the only speaker on any aspect of film culture (many people pretty much think it didn’t exist in this period - which is quite counter to particular perceptions of popular music at the same time − or thought that it was predominantly a received or consumed phenomenon rather than an active or productive one) - I am also not surprised that few film examples have been used to illustrate particular points, developments or case studies in this conference or in any general accounts of the period (outside predominantly government funded, industrial, television based, or specifically amateur artifacts) – This is perhaps remarkable to the 60s in the Australian context (so different to many overseas countries with burgeoning film production & film culture movements in this decade); It is a decade which produces few truly cinematic images of Melbourne - unfortunately On the Beach was released in 1959 (which might make it still fair game considering that it is indeed set in the early 1960s & considering the stretching boundaries of the ‘idea’ we are discussing; in a sense it hangs over the early part of the decade in Melbourne & yet its view seems mired in stereotypes of 50s Melbourne). Like many of the histories unearthed, or that need to be unearthed, film culture in this decade & beyond is indeed ‘secret,’ largely forgotten, deliberately effaced in many accounts of the Australian feature film revival of the 1970s (effaced so as to suggest a clean slate, a blank or void or interval – all terms used by film historians on this period - from which to form, anew, an Australian Film Industry). If you look at any history of Australian cinema it will focus much attention on the lack of feature film production in the 1960s (& thus an absence, a lack of cultural expression) than it will on the vibrancy of film culture during the same decade (which was just opening up to new ideas about & approaches to film, as well as new types of film exhibition, etc. – each of which might, heaven forbid, be considered as exciting) In this respect Melbourne’s vibrant, if often quite insular and discontinuous, film culture in the 1960s is like most other cultural formations of its type: fragmentary, ephemeral, and extremely difficult to pin down (how does one actually go about gauging it?). It is even difficult to define what might constitute such a culture. Barrett Hodsdon, in his recent book Straight Roads and Crossed Lines: The Quest for Film Culture in Australia? (the only substantive attempt to trace this culture yet produced) states that “film culture is an all encompassing term for a variety of structures, processes, activities and discourses that comprise a film community in its broadest definition.” And yet, these activities often leave only incomplete records and traces (even, in the case of Australian cinema, in relation to film production itself – which may seem to leave more recognisable, concrete artefacts): so how does one get a sense of the actual significance of particular activities, modes of thought, and discursive trends from the pages of various irregular publications, screening lists, plot synopses, intermittent editorials, minutes of meetings and interviews? (this paper is an attempt to do all this and to start forming a map of an often unpopular - particularly from a government funding perspective - area of screen history. In so doing, it builds on the groundbreaking work done by Quentin Turnour and Windsor Fick to celebrate the 50th anniversary of MUFS in 1999). So the records are incomplete, the meaning & importance of certain events uncertain, and yet I think that the Melbourne University Film Society can be claimed as one of the most significant and consistent cultural formations in Melbourne during the 1960s (a view which, in terms of film, is inarguable – it does not have much competition). So how will I support this claim - first a little background and history.
The Melbourne University Film Society was formed in 1948 (its first screening, of Sergei Eisenstein’s Battleship Potemkin, was in March 1949) and can be positioned as an outcome of the burgeoning film society and film appreciation movements which emerged after WWII in Australia (& elsewhere in the world). Like many such organisations − and many such campus societies − its popularity waxed and waned during the 1950s. Nevertheless, it was instrumental in developing and presenting the Melbourne Film Festival (some people argue that MUFS’ own festivals from 1949-53 constitute a more adequate starting point for the broader festival). Its screenings during this period were predominantly devoted to a humanist view of film appreciation, depending largely on social realist, documentary and Left wing cinema (with a particular devotion to Russian montage filmmakers, Eisenstein in particular), along with screenings devoted to the small, but growing number of established film classics that had found their way into the country as part of public libraries (and which were being collected by, at the time, relatively new State bodies such as the State Film Centre, formed in 1946 & now known as ACMI, and the National Library of Australia). Typical of the history of MUFS, the success of activities from year to year was dependent on enthusiastic young freshers, some recent graduates (who would form satellite organisations) and the ability of specific individuals to maintain commitment in the face of general indifference. Another key aspect of MUFS during the first part of the 1950s was its film production activities (it had, & maintained for several decades, relatively rudimentary production facilities including a 16mm camera, lights and editing equipment – very rare in this period & a means of maintaining a certain level of membership). Now, in the context of the Film Co-Ops and film schools of the 70s and 80s this production might seem unremarkable, but in the first half of the 1950s it constituted one of the few attempts to develop the basis for independent, and explicitly artisinal, film production in Australia (and helped train such figures as Gil Brearley, Ian Jones and Barry Humphries (who was “publicity agent’ in 1952) through such productions as Ballade and Dial P for Plughole).
Overhead:
So what were MUFS major contributions to Melbourne cultural life in the 1960s. If one looks at the screening schedules or the writing produced in the various journals published by or in association with MUFS (journals which are themselves remarkable for their time, if often a little gushingly over-enthusiastic) one senses that the key might be a kind of isolation (whether perceived or real); and it is this kind of individualism or separation (rather than a larger collectivism) that seems to be the basis of MUFS’ success in this period (the society relied upon 3 or 4 major figures at any one point). The broader success of the film society movement throughout Melbourne in this period is partly an outcome of the city’s suburbanisation (in this context MUFS could be seen as more of a Carlton phenomenon than a Melbourne one - and this is significant in terms of what is later called the Carlton school of filmmaking - which emerged predominantly from MUFS - and its relation to the La Mama theatre). Although formulated as part of a network through the Federation of Victorian Film Societies, MUFS routinely announced its distance from many other film culture organisations, suburban film societies in particular (this is mainly indicated by the various agendas that MUFS took on board, & the ways in which it attempted to contextualise programming – landmark seasons, for the time, devoted to significant directors such as Alfred Hitchcock and John Ford or movement such as the New Wave or a braoder New Cinema, in programme notes, in extended critical articles, & in the various attempts to expand outside of the Melbourne University campus). This sense of isolation and separation is one which informs many aspects of MUFS’ activities in the 1960s (which are characterised by the quote I opened this paper with). It is also an attitude typical of the history of Australian film culture (which routinely considers itself as outside of dominant cultural formations, as reacting against larger industry and institutional pressures – even if it does trace certain intellectual developments in America, France, & more reluctantly, Britain – for example, the British journal Sight and Sound was a key influence in terms of screening choices the 40s and 50s – but one must remember that this is a period before the development of University cinema studies courses and of very limited sources of information about films). Though similar and connected societies opened up at Monash and were already in place in Sydney (and later Brisbane), it is possible to suggest that MUFS constitutes an exceptional, even visionary chapter in the history of the film society movement in Australia (again, even if still often quite imitative of & reactive to selected trends overseas – in this sense the French New Wave seems to have had almost a decade long influence on production aspirations, tastes, and the overall range of activities – from screening to writing to filmmaking & back again). Throughout much of the 60s it was the largest society on Melbourne University’s campus with 1500 or so members in the early 60s, while at various stages it produced four different film journals (3 at once during the early 1960s – Annotations on Film, University Film Group Bulletin and the internationally recognised Film Journal) – during this decade it also reinvigorated its film production activities (taking them, arguably, to a higher level), and was instrumental in introducing and localising dominant critical paradigms from overseas: thus, from about 1962 onwards its programming and critical orthodoxy was bathed in auteurist film theory (an approach popularised and furthered by, at first, Cahiers du cinema in France in the 1950s, and then taken up by specific critics in America, Britain and Australia - and MUFS was at the vanguard of this – both reiterating overseas approaches & wisdoms & presenting unusual variations upon them – approaches that were predicated partly on the local circulation of films, peculiar to each city or even region – so some different filmmaker were highlighted & championed). This almost immediate embracing of auteurism (itself seen as a key ‘theoretical’ development in terms of cinema’s status as an art) is revealing in a number of respects. First, its focus on the singular, or heroic, often oppositional author, helps situate a preoccupation with individualism and isolation that runs throughout MUFS’ activities (evidenced by the ways in which individual figures could determine society policy or filmic preoccupations - for example, in the late 60s one of the journals, Melbourne Film Bulletin, was swamped by Allan Finney’s obsession with Jerry Lewis, while the organisation was almost made bankrupt through the obsessive Carl Dreyer season envisioned by one 18-year-old cinephile). Second, it points towards the connection between critical practice and film production that were reinvigorated by MUFS in the early 60s (taking their lead from the directors of the French New Wave such as Godard and Truffaut who emerged from the pages of Cahiers du cinema). Third, it also points in what might seem two quite contradictory directions. The model of the French New Wave and its attendant criticism suggests an immersion in the world of films − a cinephiliac obsession which might see the writer (and even filmmaker) retreat from the social, cultural and political realities which surround them (which is pretty much true in some respects − the immersion in cinema that is often discussed in the pages of MUFS’ journals points towards a cultural lack elsewhere – thus, instead of being a celebration of being in Melbourne it might be said to set another space or escape from it). At the same time, the model of the French New Wave shows the possibility of moving out into your surroundings − documenting and using them. Thus, in the films produced under the auspices of MUFS − and a production fund they set up called Unifed − can be glimpsed images of 1960s Melbourne, particularly Carlton, that are rarely available elsewhere (outside the work of a maverick migrant filmmaker like Giorgio Mangiamele or a singular figure like Nigel Buesst). A body of film work was also produced that has no real precedent until the 1970s in Australia (some may claim the slightly later, and more self-consciously avant-garde, Sydney-based Ubu movement as its only real comparison). From this intermittent production base also came two of only about a dozen feature films that were produced in Australia during the whole of the 1960s: Peter Carmody’s filmed record of the 1969 Melbourne University Arts Festival, Nothing Like Experience and The Pudding Thieves. Produced over a four-year period and directed by the key figure of MUFS during the 1960s: Brian Davies (a figure who scandalously doesn’t even get a mention in the recent Oxford Companion to Australian Film). So in many ways MUFS can be seen as both its own kind of model and ghetto of film culture - connecting only sporadically to the world immediately outside.
Overhead:
So what was absent in MUFS during this period? Many things - many of which are not that surprising (for example, it does not seem to have embraced much political cinema outside of Godard). As I’ve suggested the activities of this society could be seen as somewhat insular (which is not unusual in such an organisation or the people it attracts). Many accounts of cinephilia, such as Adrian Martin’s largely sympathetic “No Flowers for the Cinephile,” lament both the masculinist predilections and the predominantly male gender of cinephiliac activity in this period (and period for that matter). On investigating the records of MUFS - and aside from the totally male roll call that is often attached to its activities in various historical accounts - it becomes apparent that a small number of women were intermittently involved in the organisation, particularly as editors of Annotations on Film (along with most people involved they are largely forgotten figures –such as Catherine Berry and Anne Barber) Nevertheless, if one looks at the screening schedules and articles published throughout the 1960s very few films by or articles about women filmmakers appear (unfortunately, women mostly appear in the guise of Deneuve, Bardot or Lollabrigida as cover girls from favoured films). This is somewhat reflective of the times, and yet the self-consciously progressive & even iconoclastic attitudes presented by MUFS elsewhere are often not supported by the actual content of activities. This aspect is compounded by the championing of often hyper-masculinist directors such as Don Siegel, Howard Hawks and Sam Fuller. Another key absence in the programs and writings of MUFS is Australian cinema (a truly avant-garde or oppositional cinema is also absent). This can be related again to the outsider status cultivated by the organisation - seeing little of value (historically or aspirationally) in Australian cinema other than the films they were themselves starting to produce (which were profiled). Admittedly, there was precious little feature or fiction film production in this period, but this disdain also extended to Australia’s film history. For example, on the death of iconic Australian actor Chips Rafferty in 1971, Annotations on Film presented the following dedication: “None of us liked his films - Few of us saw them - Yet we all knew his name.” This statement epitomises particular attitudes to Australian cinema (that are still widely held). Thus, although a seeming goal of MUFS was to uncover and discover film history - as well as recognise the links between films (a relatively uncommon practice at the time) - it seldom extended this to Australian cinema (beyond a few documentaries and its own productions). Thus, the narrative devised to support future Australian film production at the end of the decade is actually negated by the activities of organisations like MUFS in the same period (the idea, or one might say fiction, of a void or interval of production was much more useful to calls for government involvement in film production in the late 60s and early 70s). This narrative also has its roots in the attitudes towards Australian cinema that MUFS promoted (that it was not worth looking at, discussing, that, in essence, it didn’t exist). In this respect, it is arguable whether MUFS’ film productions in the 1960s perceived of themselves as being specifically or importantly Australian; or as part of an international movement of filmmaking instigated by the nouvelle vague (the films themselves are a curious hybrid: most definitely influenced by the style of the New Wave, its penchant for pastiche and quotation, but also very localised in their view of Melbourne). This combination of the intensely local (almost monocular) and the internationally distant, is a key characteristic of MUFS activities during this period.
Overhead:
So what happened to MUFS? One of the main reasons that I have focused on this group in this period is that its key moment of activity pretty much spans the 1960s. The late 50s was a relatively moribund period for the society, but it is in 1960 that the society starts to further expand (with more screenings) and becomes more ambitious (and starts to more clearly see its role in terms of a broader dialogue in film culture, and nascent film production). This is spelt out in a variety of mission statements which appear in MUFS publications in 1960 and 1961. The 1960s also appears to be a dynamic period of critical debate (& MUFS is central in developing and disseminating particular critical responses to cinema in Australia) – it also sees the involvement of various figures who later went on to become important or interesting players in the broader Australian film industry and community: writers like Charles Higham and Jack Hibberd, distributors like Allan Finney, directors like Bert Deling, producers like Tony Ginnane, and actors like Graeme Blundell (though, perhaps due to their MUFS experiences, many of these people moved across various aspects of film culture). The early 1970s saw the gradual waning of interest in MUFS (and film societies more generally) as other factors arguably became more prominent in campus life. Now, before anyone makes claims about the patently nostalgic bent of this ostensibly heroic narrative of 60s Melbourne film culture (as a high moment of a kind of romantic cinephilia cut off by the cruel realities of social politics in the 1970s), I also want to claim MUFS as creating a rare example of continuity in Australian film culture (rare in almost any of its manifestations). After struggling through the 70s and early 80s MUFS moved from Melbourne University to RMIT and renamed itself the Melbourne Cinematheque. Thus, rather than disappearing, as many commentators have stated, it actually represents one of the oldest continuous film organisations in Australia. The publication it established in 1954 - Annotations on Film - has been reinvigorated and now appears as part of the internationally recognsied film publication, Senses of Cinema (and has a serious claim to being the oldest film publication in Australia). This is where I step in – as I am the President and co-curator of the Melbourne Cinematheque, and this paper has attempted to recognise some of the history that I have inherited; a history that most would see as virtually non-existent (and that I myself, programming films year in & year out, struggle to see, remember & just keep in mind). In essence, MUFS in the 1960s sets up a shared model for the combination of film production, film analysis and film consumption – all responding to local conditions and global trends - that is unprecedented in Australian film culture. It is, unfortunately, a path that has seldom been taken. MUFS may have been the most significant of film cultural organisations in Melbourne in the 1960s - along with the Film Festival - but its activities are still largely forgotten, its longevity seldom celebrated – all of this tells us that we need to start to fill in the large cracks in what accounts for Australian film history.
ADRIAN DANKS

</doc>
<doc id="5997409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997409" title="Iván Valenciano">
Iván Valenciano

Iván René Valenciano Pérez (born 18 March 1972 in Barranquilla) is a former Colombian football player .
He played for many other clubs, including Atalanta (Italy), CD Veracruz (Mexico), Monarcas Morelia (Mexico), Independiente Medellín, Deportivo Cali, Deportes Quindío, CD Olmedo, Gama (Brazil) and Millonarios.
During his first spell at Atletico Junior, where he scored many goals and was visibly overweight, he earned the nickname "El Gordito de Oro" (The Golden Fat Man). A promising young player, he was transferred to Italy where he was a huge disappointment, scoring only one goal for Atalanta.
International career.
He played for the Colombia national football team and was a participant at the 1992 Summer Olympics and at the 1994 FIFA World Cup. For the national team he scored 13 goals in 29 games between 1991 and 2000. He made his debut for the national side on 15 July 1991 at the 1991 Copa América, when he replaced Arnoldo Iguarán in the 78th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="5997424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997424" title="Exit 2">
Exit 2

Exit 2 ( in Japan) is the sequel to the PlayStation Portable game "Exit". The developers promised more focus on puzzles rather than action and platforming. It was released in Japan in September 2006 and in March 2007 in Europe. A downloadable demo of the game was released in November 2006.
An Xbox Live Arcade version of the game was released on February 25, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5997426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997426" title="Charles Greville">
Charles Greville

Charles Greville may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5997445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997445" title="TED spread">
TED spread

The TED spread is the difference between the interest rates on interbank loans and on short-term U.S. government debt ("T-bills"). TED is an acronym formed from "T-Bill" and "ED", the ticker symbol for the Eurodollar futures contract.
Initially, the TED spread was the difference between the interest rates for three-month U.S. Treasuries contracts and the three-month Eurodollars contract as represented by the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). However, since the Chicago Mercantile Exchange dropped T-bill futures after the 1987 crash, the TED spread is now calculated as the difference between the three-month LIBOR and the three-month T-bill interest rate.
The size of the spread is usually denominated in basis points (bps). For example, if the T-bill rate is 5.10% and ED trades at 5.50%, the TED spread is 40 . The TED spread fluctuates over time but generally has remained within the range of 10 and 50 (0.1% and 0.5%) except in times of financial crisis. A rising TED spread often presages a downturn in the U.S. stock market, as it indicates that liquidity is being withdrawn.
Indicator.
The TED spread is an indicator of perceived credit risk in the general economy, since T-bills are considered risk-free while LIBOR reflects the credit risk of lending to commercial banks. An increase in the TED spread is a sign that lenders believe the risk of default on interbank loans (also known as counterparty risk) is increasing. Interbank lenders, therefore, demand a higher rate of interest, or accept lower returns on safe investments such as T-bills. When the risk of bank defaults is considered to be decreasing, the TED spread decreases.
Historical levels.
The long term average of the TED has been 30 basis points with a maximum of 50 . During 2007, the subprime mortgage crisis ballooned the TED spread to a region of 150–200 . On September 17, 2008, the TED spread exceeded 300 , breaking the previous record set after the Black Monday crash of 1987. Some higher readings for the spread were due to inability to obtain accurate LIBOR rates in the absence of a liquid unsecured lending market. On October 10, 2008, the TED spread reached another new high of 457 basis points. In October 2013, due to worries regarding a potential default on US debt, the 1 month TED went negative for the first time since it started being tracked.

</doc>
<doc id="5997447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997447" title="Broadlands, Virginia">
Broadlands, Virginia

Broadlands is a census-designated place in Loudoun County, Virginia. The population as of the 2010 Census was 12,313.
Travel Distances.
From the center of Broadlands, by car; it is 32.8 miles to Washington DC, and 9.3 miles to Washington Dulles International Airport.
Housing Market.
The average price of a house in Broadlands, in 2009, was just over $461,932. A total of 123 fee simple properties were sold.

</doc>
<doc id="5997472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997472" title="Adaílton da Silva Santos">
Adaílton da Silva Santos

Adaílton da Silva Santos, best known as Adaílton (born in Salvador Bahia, 26 December 1979), is a Brazilian footballer.
His career started in 2000 when he played for Barreiras. He then played for Criciúma Esporte Clube and in France with AS Nancy-Lorraine, winner of the Coupe de la Ligue in 2006.
Adailton retired from professional football because of a serious leg injury according to Ligue 1 club Nancy on 18 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5997473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997473" title="Ștefan Grigorie">
Ștefan Grigorie

Ștefan Costel Grigorie (born 31 January 1982 in Segarcea) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Liga 1 club FC Brașov.
Grigorie had only played in two cities before moving to Timișoara; he spent the first years of his career at Craiova, where he was contracted by Universitatea and moved to Bucharest in 2002 in order to play for Dinamo Bucureşti. He played four years there (developing an appetite for goals) until the summer of 2006 when he was bought together with Dan Alexa by Politehnica. In the summer break of 2007 Grigorie returned to Bucharest, this time for Rapid.
Grigorie has two caps for the Romanian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="5997482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997482" title="Gypsophila paniculata">
Gypsophila paniculata

Gypsophila paniculata (baby's breath) is a species of flowering plant in the Caryophyllaceae family, native to central and eastern Europe. It is an herbaceous perennial growing to tall and wide, with mounds of branching stems covered in clouds of tiny white flowers in summer (hence the common name "baby's breath"). Its natural habitat is on the Steppes in dry, sandy and stony places, often on calcareous soils ("gypsophila" = "chalk-loving"). Specimens of this plant were first sent to Linnaeus from St Petersburg by the Swiss-Russian botanist Johann Amman. 
Cultivation.
It is a popular ornamental garden subject, and thrives in well-drained alkaline to neutral soils in full sun. Numerous cultivars have been selected, of which 'Bristol Fairy' and 'Rosenschleier' (with pale pink double flowers) have both gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Floristry.
"G. paniculata" is much-used in the floristry trade (where it is often simply called "gyp") providing an effective backdrop for larger or more structured blooms. It is commercially cultivated in Peru, forming a major portion of that country's flower exports.
Invasive.
"Gypsophila paniculata" is now widely distributed in North America.
It is classed as an invasive species in places around the Great Lakes, such as the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore
and the Chicago region,
and in the Pacific Northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="5997484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997484" title="Shrewsbury (UK Parliament constituency)">
Shrewsbury (UK Parliament constituency)

Shrewsbury was a parliamentary constituency in England, centred on the town of Shrewsbury in Shropshire.
It was founded in 1290 as parliamentary borough, returning two members to the House of Commons of England until 1707, then of the House of Commons of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800, and of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1885. Under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885, its representation was reduced to one Member of Parliament (MP).
The parliamentary borough was abolished at with effect from the 1918 general election, and the name transferred to a new county constituency. It was abolished in 1983 and renamed Shrewsbury and Atcham.
Famous MPs have included Sir Philip Sidney in 1581, Robert Clive (known as 'Clive of India') from 1761 to his death in 1774, and Benjamin Disraeli (later Prime Minister) in 1841-47.
Election results.
Elections in the 1940s.
General Election 1939/40:
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1940. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place from 1939 and by the end of this year, the following candidates had been selected; 
References.
Craig, F. W. S. (1983). British parliamentary election results 1918-1949 (3 ed.). Chichester: Parliamentary Research Services. ISBN 0-900178-06-X.

</doc>
<doc id="5997487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997487" title="Vadim Knizhnik">
Vadim Knizhnik

Vadim Genrikhovich Knizhnik (Russian: Вади́м Ге́нрихович Кни́жник; 20 February 1962, Kiev – 25 December 1987, Moscow) was a Soviet physicist of Jewish and Russian descent.
"Vadim studied physics from 1978 to 1984 at the Moscow Institute for Physics and Technology. He has received his PhD at the Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics. His supervisor was Prof. A. Polyakov, however at the time of his PhD courses ("aspirantship") Vadim was already a first-class physicist and supervising him was a pure formality. In 1986 he became a member of the Landau Institute. His distinguished abilities showed quite early. At the secondary school he won twice the physics olympiad of the USSR. He wrote his first scientific paper (in collaboration with Prof. L. Andreev) as a student in 1982. This paper has dealt with kinetic properties of quantum crystals. From 1984 he turned to quantum field theory and made very important contributions to string theory."

</doc>
<doc id="5997492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997492" title="Óscar Cortés (footballer)">
Óscar Cortés (footballer)

Óscar Fernando Cortés Corredor (Bogotá, 19 October 1968 or 31 December 1970) is a retired Colombian football player.
He played mostly for Millonarios. He also played for the Colombia national football team and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5997500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997500" title="Oscar Cortes (boxer)">
Oscar Cortes (boxer)

Óscar Oswaldo Cortés Navarro (born June 25, 1993 in Zapopan, Jalisco, Mexico) is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer and is considered one of the best prospects in the Super Featherweight division. Cortés is promoted by current WBC Champion, Mexican Saúl Álvarez' company Canelo Promotions.
Amateur career.
During his amateur career Óscar won a bronze medal at the 2007 National Olympic Championships in the Featherweight division.
Professional career.
In April 2010, Cortés beat Jorge Hernandez in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
In his next fight will be on the undercard Saúl Álvarez vs. Ryan Rhodes.

</doc>
<doc id="5997505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997505" title="Holy Innocents' Cemetery">
Holy Innocents' Cemetery

The Holy Innocents' Cemetery (French: Cimetière des Saints-Innocents or Cimetière des Innocents) is a defunct cemetery in Paris that was used from the Middle Ages until the late 18th century. It was the oldest and largest cemetery in Paris and had often been used for mass graves. It was closed because of overuse in 1780, and in 1786 the bodies were exhumed and transported to the unused subterranean quarries near Montparnasse known as the Catacombs. The place Joachim-du-Bellay in the Les Halles district now covers the site of the cemetery.
The cemetery took its name (referring to the Biblical Massacre of the Innocents) from the attached church of the Holy Innocents that has now also disappeared.
History.
Sources describe the burial ground, then called "Champeaux", and associated church in the 12th century. It was located next to the central market (the origin of "Les Halles").
Under the reign of Philip II the cemetery was enlarged and surrounded by a three-meter-tall wall. Les Innocents had begun as a cemetery of individual sepulchres, but had become a site for mass graves by then. People were buried together in the same pit (a pit could hold about 1,500 dead at a time); only when it was full would another be opened.
In the 14th and 15th centuries, to relieve the overcrowding of the mass graves, citizens constructed arched structures called "charniers" or charnel houses along the cemetery walls; bones from the graves were deposited here.
Between August 1424 and Lent 1425, during the Anglo-Burgundian alliance when John Duke of Bedford ruled Paris as Regent after the deaths Henry V of England and Charles VI of France, a mural of the Danse Macabre was painted on the back wall of the arcade below the charnel house on the south side of the cemetery. It was one of the earliest and best-known depictions of this theme. It was destroyed in 1669 when this wall was demolished to allow the narrow road behind it to be widened.
In the 16th century, the prominent Renaissance anatomist Andreas Vesalius studied the bones of corpses in the Holy Innocents cemetery.
During the reign of Louis XV, inspectors recorded accounts of the difficulties in conducting business in the area due to the unsanitary conditions of the cemetery, caused by overuse and incomplete decomposition of bodies.
Two edicts by Louis XVI to move the parish cemeteries out of the city were resisted by the church, which profited from burial fees. To reduce the number of burials, the price of burials was increased. After a prolonged period of rain in spring 1780, conditions became untenable. On 4 September 1780, an edict forbade burying corpses in Les Innocents and in all other cemeteries in Paris.
Bodies were exhumed and the bones were moved to the Catacombs in 1786. Many bodies had incompletely decomposed and had turned into fat (margaric acid). During the exhumation, this fat was collected and subsequently turned into candles and soap.
The church was destroyed in 1787 and the cemetery was replaced by a herb and vegetable market. The "Fountain of the Nymphs", which had been erected in 1549 next to the church, was dismantled and rebuilt in the center of the new market. Now known as the "Fountain of Innocents," it still stands on the place Joachim-du-Bellay today.
With the final closing, it was estimated that from the Middle Ages until the eighteenth century, the Holy Innocents' Cemetery hosted corpses from 22 parishes in Paris, died from the Hôtel-Dieu, sick with the plague and various unknown (some of which are: drowned in the Seine, deaths on the roads and crippled the nearby crossroads "Court of miracles"), for a total of about two million Parisians.
In modern fiction.
The destruction of the church and removal of the cemetery at Les Innocents is the subject of Andrew Miller's Costa prize winning 2011 novel "Pure".
In Anne Rice's "The Vampire Lestat", Armand's coven of vampires resides in the Cimetière des Innocents when Lestat first encounters them, and they remain there until shortly before the Cemetery is finally destroyed.
In the Disney animated film "The Hunchback of Notre Dame", it is possible that the cemetery near the Cathedral of Notre-Dame (or the scene where Quasimodo and Phoebus go to go to the Court of miracles) is a remake of the Holy Innocents' Cemetery, although in the Disney feature film cemetery is situated south instead of north.

</doc>
<doc id="5997508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997508" title="Martin's Mill Independent School District">
Martin's Mill Independent School District

Martin's Mill Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Martin's Mill, Texas (USA).
There are two campuses in Martin's Mill ISD - Martin's Mill High/Junior High (Grades 7-12) and Martin's Mill Elementary (Grades PK-6).
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
State championships.
All state championships have been in Class A (prior to 1972 this was known as Class B)

</doc>
<doc id="5997510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997510" title="Back from Samoa">
Back from Samoa

Back from Samoa is the second album by the American punk rock band Angry Samoans. It was initially released in 1982 on Bad Trip Records.
Track listing.
Album Design: Ronn Spencer

</doc>
<doc id="5997515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997515" title="Brass band">
Brass band

A brass band is a musical ensemble generally consisting entirely of brass instruments, most often with a percussion section. Ensembles that include brass and woodwind instruments can in certain traditions also be termed brass bands (particularly in the context of New Orleans-style brass bands), but may more correctly termed military bands, concert bands, or 'brass and reed' bands.
Styles.
Balkan.
Balkan-style Brass Bands (, "trumpet") play a distinctive style of music originating in 19th-century Balkans when Roma trumpeters influenced by Turkish marching bands transposed Folk music into brass. It is popular throughout the Balkans, especially Serbia, Macedonia and Bulgaria. The beats are usually fast and accompanied by "kolo". The performers each have their instrument of the orchestra and are called "trubači" ("трубачи"). The best known examples of acclaimed music in this style are from Goran Bregović and Boban Marković Orkestar. The Serbian film maker Emir Kusturica has, through his films (Black Cat, White Cat), made the style popular in the international community outside the Balkans.
British-style.
A brass band in the British tradition with a full complement of 28 players (including percussion) consists of:
With the exception of the Trombones and Baritones, all of the brass are conical-bore instruments, which gives the British-style brass band its distinctive bright, mellow sound (as opposed to a dark symphonic sound). All parts apart from the Bass Trombone and percussion are now written in Treble Clef.
Brass bands have a long tradition of competition between bands, often based around local industry and communities. In the 1930s brass bands thrived most with around 20,000 brass bands in the U.K. British-style brass bands are widespread throughout Great Britain, Australia, New Zealand, Norway and continental Europe and are also found in North America. Annual competitions are held in these countries to select champion bands at various levels of musical competence.
The Salvation Army, part of the Christian church, has deployed brass bands since 1878 and they continue to be an integral part of that organisation. The most well-known Salvation Army brass band is The International Staff Band which is based in London. Salvation Army bands vary considerably in size and complement as they are based on the local personnel available, some being as small as 6-8 members. The cornet section of a Salvation Army band does not include a 'Repiano' and instead of 2nd & 3rd cornets there are 1st & 2nd cornets. A Salvation Army band may have 3-6 tenor horns, 2-4 baritones and 2-6 tenor trombones. Salvation Army bands have a local tradition of training children in brass playing from an early age (starting at 7–8 years old). In larger Salvation Army churches there will often be a Junior Band for children (7–18 years old) as well as a Senior Band for adults.
Low Countries.
Fanfare orchestras are a type of brass band mainly found in Belgium and the Netherlands.
New Orleans.
The tradition of brass bands in New Orleans, Louisiana dates to the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Traditionally, New Orleans brass bands could feature various instrumentations, often including trumpets, trombones, clarinets, saxophones, sousaphones and percussion. The music played by these groups was often a fusion between European-styled military band music and African folk music brought to the Americas by west African slaves and the idiom played a significant role in the development of traditional jazz. Early brass bands include the Eureka Brass Band, the Onward Brass Band, the Excelsior Brass Band, the Tuxedo Brass Band, the Young Tuxedo Brass Band, the Camelia Brass Band, and the Olympia Brass Band.
The Treme Brass Band, while not as old, has members who have been influential throughout New Orleans Brass Band music, as well as being renowned in its own right.
A well-known use of these bands is for the New Orleans jazz funeral.
In the 1970s and 1980s, the New Orleans brass band tradition experienced a renaissance, with bands breaking away from traditional stylings and adding elements of funk, hip hop, and bop to their repertoires. Some notable exponents of this style of brass band include the band Def Generation, members of the next generation of Nevilles who created hip hop over live brass bands influencing, Soul Rebels Brass Band, Rebirth Brass Band, the Stooges Brass Band, the Hot 8 Brass Band, the Lil Rascals Brass Band, Youngblood Brass Band and the Dirty Dozen Brass Band. Also, a number of groups outside the United States have begun playing this style of music.
The style of the music is often characterized by the use of the sousaphone in place of a bass violin to play the bass-line. The sousaphone may play a traditional jazz walking bass-line or groove on a riff. Trumpets, trombones, saxophones, and other horns play melodies and harmonies loosely over the bass-line. Often the lines are greatly embellished with improvisation. A typical setup includes two percussionists, one playing a marching bass drum and a cymbal mounted on the drum and another playing a snare drum (the snare drummer often switches to a drum kit when not marching). Many variations on this exist, including the use of additional percussionists, cymbals, drums and whistles.
The style has moved beyond New Orleans and can now be found in such places as Japan with the Black Bottom Brass Band; the Netherlands with the Happy Feet and the Hurricane brass bands; Scotland with the Criterion Brass Band; Phoenix, Arizona with the Bad Cactus Brass Band; Boston, Massachusetts with the Hot Tamale Brass Band; Tennessee with Halfbrass; Minnesota with the Jack Brass Band; Missouri with the Funky Butt Brass Band; Georgia with the Half Dozen Brass Band; Cincinnati, Ohio with The Cincy Brass; and Madison, Wisconsin with the Mama Digdown's and Youngblood;Richmond,VA No BS! Brass brass bands.
Polynesia.
Founded in 1836 by King Kamehameha III, the Royal Hawaiian Band is the second oldest and only full-time municipal band in the United States. In recent generations, unique brass band traditions have also developed in Tonga, Samoa, and other parts of Polynesia, as well as among the Māori of New Zealand. Some recordings are now available and these styles are beginning to be researched and promoted abroad through band tours.
Festivals and Contests.
One festival featuring brass bands is the Tarragona international dixieland festival, in Catalonia, Spain. The organisation programs not only dixieland brass bands but also ethnic or world music brass bands from over the world, including the Dirty Dozen Brass Band from the USA, Boban Marković Orkestar from Serbia, the Jaipur Kawa Brass Band from India and Taraf Goulamas from Occitania France.
In the United States the Great American Brass Band Festival has been held annually in Danville, Kentucky for the past 18 years. This event, held in early June, attracts brass band lovers from the U.S., Canada, and Europe. The Vintage Band Festival occurs in Northfield, Minnesota every three years, with the next one scheduled for August 1-4 2013.
The North American Brass Band Association sponsors an annual convention that provides member bands with the opportunity to compete in a contest format similar to those conducted in the United Kingdom and Europe.
In Boston, and Seattle a series of festivals called HONK! bring together Street Brass Bands (and other related ensembles) from the United States and Canada, and some bands from other parts of the world. The groups presented include Balkan Brass Bands, New Orleans brass bands, Political Action Bands, Klezmer, and "DIY" Alternative / Radical Community Bands.

</doc>
<doc id="5997535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997535" title="José María Pazo">
José María Pazo

José María Pazo Torres (born 4 April 1964 in Valledupar) is a retired Colombian football goalkeeper.
Pazo played for a few clubs, including Atlético Junior.
He played for the Colombia national football team and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5997552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997552" title="South Pacific Championship">
South Pacific Championship

The South Pacific Championship ("also known as "SPC"") was a rugby union competition that was introduced in 1986 and contested through to 1990. The competition featured six teams - three provinces from New Zealand; Auckland, Canterbury and Wellington, two Australian teams; Queensland and New South Wales, and one team representing Pacific Island rugby, Fiji. 
The South Pacific Championship was the predecessor of the Super 6 and Super 10, as well as the professional-era Super 12 and Super 14 tournaments that subsequently expanded to the 15 teams now comprising Super Rugby.
Background.
The AGC South Pacific Championship was organised by the New South Wales Rugby Union (NSWRU) on an invitational basis. The impetus for starting the competition was to provide regular matches for the New South Wales and Queensland teams in an attempt to compete against rugby league football - which was expanding its domestic competition in Australia. 
The New Zealand provincial teams of Canterbury and Auckland were invited into the competition due to their close links with the New South Wales and Queensland unions respectively. The third New Zealand team of Wellington was also invited due to it having an international airport in the city. Fiji was also invited into the competition as, at the time, it was the most competitive of the Pacific rugby teams.
Competition History.
The South Pacific Championship was dominated by New Zealand teams and, most particularly, by Auckland. Canterbury won the first title in 1986 and shared the second title with Auckland in 1987, but then Auckland won outright for the next three seasons in a row. 
The competition collapsed five years after it began, when the NSWRU found itself in financial difficulties before the 1991 season was started.
SPC.
Championship Winner:
Competition Relaunch.
After the demise of the South Pacific Championship, with no tournament played in 1991, the competition was relaunched as the Super 6 in 1992. This followed a resurgence of rugby fortunes after the 1991 Rugby World Cup. The Super 6 title was won by Queensland (Australia) in 1992. 
In 1993, the competition was revamped and expanded into the Super 10. South Africa's top three provincial teams were included and a fourth New Zealand province was added. Western Samoa, being the winner of the Pacific Tri-Nations, replaced Fiji. The Super 10 was won by Transvaal (South Africa) in 1993, and by Queensland (Australia) in 1994 and 1995.
Super 6.
Championship Winner:
Super 10.
Championship Winner:

</doc>
<doc id="5997553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997553" title="R. v. Latimer (1997)">
R. v. Latimer (1997)

R. v. Latimer 1 S.C.R. 217, was a decision by the Supreme Court of Canada in the controversial case of Robert Latimer, a Saskatchewan farmer convicted of murdering his disabled daughter Tracy. The case involved consideration of arbitrary detention under section 9 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms and rights to an explanation for detention and rights to counsel under section 10. The Supreme Court ultimately overturned Latimer's conviction due to the Crown's improper actions at the jury selection stage. As a result, the decision was the first given by the Supreme Court in the Latimer case, the second being "R. v. Latimer" (2001) on cruel and unusual punishment under section 12 of the Charter.
Background.
Latimer, who had poisoned his 12-year-old quadriplegic daughter with carbon monoxide in 1993, became the target of the police's suspicion after Tracy's autopsy. The police then visited Latimer's farm and detained him. The police had said they wanted to talk with Mr. Latimer, and he got into the car with them. An officer then told Latimer he was in a serious situation, he was being detained due to Tracy's death, and that Latimer had a right to counsel and legal aid. Latimer replied that he understood but declined to contact a lawyer immediately. He also wanted to put on different clothes, and the police let him, but they told him they would walk with him into the house as he was now in their custody. During the questioning, the police told Latimer once again that he had rights to counsel and a right to silence, and he declined to ask for a lawyer. After an officer said he was convinced Latimer had killed his daughter, Latimer confessed. He was then charged with murder, after writing a confession that he was told could lead to a murder charge.
When the jury was being selected, the Crown counsel and Royal Canadian Mounted Police intervened to query candidates for the jury on their positions regarding controversial matters such as abortion and euthanasia (matters related to Tracy's death, which Latimer claimed was a mercy killing). Some of candidates who were queried ultimately ended up on the jury. Latimer was found guilty, and the Saskatchewan Court of Appeal upheld the trial decision. It was only after the Court of Appeal's decision that the Crown's actions during jury selection came to light.
Decision.
The decision was written by Chief Justice Antonio Lamer, who emphasized at the outset that his decision would not deal with the ethical controversies surrounding what Latimer claimed to have been a mercy killing. Latimer also claimed his detention was arbitrary and therefore breached section 9 of the Charter. The Court decided the detention was not arbitrary, as it was carried out because it seemed likely that Latimer was guilty. These were valid grounds for an arrest; the detention fit the definition of a proper arrest even though the police never called it one. The description of the incident as a detention, the police making it clear that he was in their custody by walking him into the house so he could put on different clothes, and Latimer's acceptance that the police were in control were enough for Latimer to understand he was being arrested.
The Court then turned to whether the police's decision not to tell Mr. Latimer he was being arrested and could face a murder charge breached section 10(a) of the Charter. This section states one must be "informed promptly of the reasons" for detention or arrest. The Court found section 10(a) was not infringed. Section 10(a) is meant to ensure those arrested or detained are aware of the gravity of the situation. Latimer argued that since the police did not call the detention an arrest, he was not fully aware of how serious the trouble he was in was. He also claimed this was the reason why he had declined to talk to a lawyer. Again, the Court argued the words used did not matter, but rather how the suspect can interpret the situation. Latimer could be expected to understand the seriousness of the situation since he was told he was being detained in connection with Tracy's death. The police had explicitly said the situation was serious, and had told him of rights one has when being arrested.
Finally, the case involved section 10(b), the right "to retain and instruct counsel without delay and to be informed of that right." The Court noted it had found in "R. v. Bartle" (1994) that rights to be informed that one may seek counsel included rights to be told of duty counsel and how to obtain it i.e., through a free telephone call. Although Latimer was told that legal aid existed, he was not told that he could make a free telephone call and obtain advice from duty counsel right away. Latimer argued this contradicted "Bartle". However, Saskatchewan happened to have different hours during which one could make a free telephone call to directly obtain duty counsel. The arrest occurred at a time when it was not available; therefore the right established in "Bartle" was inapplicable in this case, as it would have been of no use.
Still, the Supreme Court ordered a new trial. As the Court wrote, the Crown counsel's actions during jury selection "were nothing short of a flagrant abuse of process and interference with the administration of justice." The justice system demanded justice and transparency, and the trial was lacking in this regard.

</doc>
<doc id="5997575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997575" title="Skelhøj">
Skelhøj

Skelhøj is a burial mound from the early bronze age, situated near the Kongeå River in southern Denmark. Archaeologically it was excavated between 2002 and 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5997579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997579" title="Andrei Cristea">
Andrei Cristea

Andrei Cristea (born 15 May 1984 in Bacău) is a Romanian football player who currently plays for Gabala in the Azerbaijan Premier League. He is a second striker who is known for his pace.
Club career.
Early career.
Cristea started football in his home town and made his debut in the Divizia A in 2001, for local club FCM Bacău.
Steaua București.
His 2004 transfer to Steaua Bucureşti cost the team over one million dollars. However, Cristea did not manage to earn a first-team place there, despite scoring the two goals that eliminated Valencia CF in the UEFA Cup 2004–05 season. His fall from grace lead to him being transfer-listed in the summer of 2006.
Politehnica Timișoara.
While FC Sochaux had taken up an initial interest in the Romanian youngster, he was finally transferred by Politehnica Timişoara, in a swap which saw Gigel Coman moving to Steaua Bucureşti.
Politehnica Iași.
After failing to impress at Politehnica Timişoara, he was loaned at Poli Iaşi for the second part of the 2007–08 season, where he had a great part in saving the team from relegation, with man of the match performances with CFR Cluj (1–0) and his former team, Steaua Bucureşti (2–1).
Dinamo București.
On 9 May 2008, Cristea signed a five-year contract with Dinamo, just six days before turning 24. He called the transfer "a birthday present" and joined Dinamo after the summer holiday. He started scoring for the red and white team in the friendly games they played in pre-season. Cristea played only the first half on the season for Dinamo, netting two goals in eight matches and entering Dinamo's history by scoring the goal that brought the 1.000th victory of the team in all-time domestic championship, against Farul Constanta. He went on loan in the winter transfer window to Poli Iasi, where he was very well received and scored seven times in 15 games, goals which proved crucial in helping the team continue in the first division. He returned to Dinamo in the summer and stated that, because he was so loved at Poli Iasi, he wanted to retire from football in ten years or more, from this team. Upon his return, he became a very important player, scoring goals that brought significant victories in Liga 1, Romanian Cup or Europa League. Although he was regarded reluctantly at his first spell in Stefan cel Mare, Cristea proved to be a player that coaches and fans could rely on, with his consistent performances, steady scoring, his modest and intelligent opinions and discreet lifestyle.
He was top scorer of Romanian league in the 2009–10 season with 16 goals.
Karlsruhe.
On 16 January 2011, Karlsruhe signed Cristea in the attempt of avoiding the relegation. On 13 February, Cristea scored two goals against the leader of Second Bundesliga, Hertha BSC. These were his first goals on this new club. On 27 February, he scored the last goal of the game in the 1–4 loss against FC Ingolstadt 04, after coming from bench. On 11 March, Cristea scored the first goal of the match in Karlsruhe-Duisburg, 3–1 final score. On 15 May, in the last round of the Second Bundesliga, the Romanian striker saved his club from relegation, scoring a brace in the 3–2 win against Union Berlin.
The next season (2011–12) Karlsruhe were relegated after a play-off, and Cristea left the club and became a free agent.
Return to Dinamo.
Initially, Cristea wanted to stay in Germany, where he had offers from Ingolstadt and Energie Cottbus. But Dinamo approached him and Cristea accepted to return to Bucharest where he had the chance to work again with Dario Bonetti, the coach that managed Dinamo the last time Cristea was under contract with the Red Dogs.
Gabala.
On 22 June 2014, Cristea signed a one-year contract with Azerbaijan Premier League side Gabala FK.
International career.
Cristea has played ten times for the Romanian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="5997593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997593" title="St George's School, Hong Kong">
St George's School, Hong Kong

St. George's School in Hong Kong opened in 1955 to serve the educational needs of the growing population of British armed forces personnel and civil servants in the colony. It closed in 1996 in preparation for the 1997 handover of Hong Kong. A new school, the Australian International School Hong Kong now sits partly on the Norfolk Road site vacated by the St. George's closure.
The School operated a house system. It consisted of Balmoral, Osbourne, Sandringham and Windsor houses. There was originally a Buckingham house as well. Towards the last years of the school's existence, as the number of pupils dropped, Osbourne and Windsor houses were merged, the name Osbourne was kept with the red colour of Windsor.

</doc>
<doc id="5997597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997597" title="Jorge Bermúdez">
Jorge Bermúdez

Jorge Hernán Bermúdez Morales (born 18 June 1971 in Armenia, Colombia) is a retired Colombian football defender. He played 56 times for the Colombia national team between 1995 and 2001.
Playing career.
Bermúdez played at the club level for several teams in Colombia including Deportes Quindío, América de Cali, Deportivo Quevedo, Deportivo Pereira and Independiente Santa Fe. He started his career with Deportes Quindio which was also the team he finished his career with 17 years later. 
Bermúdez also played for a number of clubs outside Colombia including Benfica (Portugal), Boca Juniors (Argentina), Olympiakos Pireus (Greece), Newell's Old Boys (Argentina) and Barcelona Guayaquil (Ecuador).
During his time with Boca Juniors he won a number of major titles including the Copa Libertadores and Copa Intercontinental in 2000 and three league titles (Ap 1998,
Cl 1999 & Ap 2000).
He was a participant at the 1992 Summer Olympics and went on to play 56 times for the full international squad including appearances at the 1998 FIFA World Cup and in three editions of the Copa América in 1995, 1997 and 1999.
Managerial career.
In 2010, Bermúdez was appointed manager of the Argentine 2nd division side Defensa y Justicia.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5997600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997600" title="Alex Foster (ice hockey)">
Alex Foster (ice hockey)

Alexander Dwight Foster (born August 26, 1984 in Canton, Michigan) is an American professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing with the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). He is the son of former NHL player Dwight Foster and nephew of former NHL player Wes Jarvis. Prior to advancing to the professional ranks, Foster played both junior hockey and college hockey. He played his collegiate hockey at Bowling Green State University. After leaving college in 2006, he was signed to the Toronto Maple Leafs organization. He played for their farm team, the Toronto Marlies, occasionally being called into action for the NHL team, the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Personal life.
Alex Foster was born August 26, 1984 in Canton, Michigan to parents Dwight and Maryann Foster. He has two brothers and one sister. His father, Dwight is a former NHL player who played for the Boston Bruins, Colorado Rockies, New Jersey Devils and Detroit Red Wings during his 10 seasons in the major league. His uncle, Wes Jarvis, also played in the NHL for the Washington Capitals, Minnesota North Stars, Los Angeles Kings and Toronto Maple Leafs. Foster graduated from Salem High School in 2002.
Playing career.
Amateur.
Alex Foster played junior hockey in the USHL for three seasons. He played the 2001-02 and 2002–03 seasons with the Sioux Falls Stampede, and 2002–03 and 2003-04 seasons with the Danville Wings. In his time with the Wings, he helped lead them to the final four of the USHL playoffs.
Foster joined the Bowling Green Falcons ice hockey team in 2004. During his time at Bowling Green, Foster amassed 82 points in 72 games and ranks 10th all-time at BGSU in assists-per-game, averaging .875. In his freshman season (2004–05) he was named CCHA Rookie of the Week on January 9, 2005. He finished the season as the ninth-highest scoring freshman in the conference.
In his sophomore (2005–06) season, Foster tallied 51 points in 38 games. He was named CCHA Player of the Month for November 2005, Offensive Player of the Week on November 7, 2005 and was a Hobey Baker Award candidate.
Professional.
He was signed as a free agent by the Toronto Maple Leafs on March 8, 2006. His contract included the maximum possible signing bonus, which was approximately US$170,000. Foster was assigned to Toronto's AHL minors team, the Toronto Marlies the next day. In his rookie (2005–06) season with the Marlies, Foster scored one goal in eight games. On October 16, 2006, Foster was re-assigned to the Columbia Inferno of the ECHL, later to be recalled to the Toronto Marlies (AHL) on November 11, 2006. Foster re-signed with the Toronto Marlies on July 18, 2007 with a one-year contract.
On February 24, 2008, Foster established a Toronto Marlies single season record for short-handed goals when he scored his fifth short-handed goal of the season against the Hamilton Bulldogs.
On March 17, 2008, Foster was called up to the Toronto Maple Leafs and made his NHL debut the following night against the New York Islanders, wearing jersey #32. He would appear in three games before being re-assigned to the Toronto Marlies on March 26, 2008. In his three games he totaled one shot, no points, and no penalty minutes.
On October 22, 2010, he was named the third captain in Toronto Marlies history.
On June 7, 2011, after spending his 6th professional season within the Maple Leafs organization, Foster left as a free agent and signed a one-year contract with European team, HC Sparta Praha of the Czech Extraliga. He spent the 2012–13 season split between HC Sparta Praha of the Czech Extraliga and Adler Mannheim of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.
On June 20, 2013, Foster opted to remain in Germany to sign a one-year contract with the Iserlohn Roosters of the DEL.

</doc>
<doc id="5997601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997601" title="Edgewood Independent School District (Van Zandt County, Texas)">
Edgewood Independent School District (Van Zandt County, Texas)

Edgewood Independent School District is a public school district based in Edgewood, Texas, United States.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Campus.
There are four schools in Edgewood ISD, all located on one campus at 804 East Pine Street in Edgewood.
School song.
"Don't Give Up the Ship" (original lyrics and tune by Harry Warren)
<poem>Bulldogs, stand together Don't give up the ship
Fair or stormy weather We won't give up We won't give up the ship
Friends and pals forever It's a long, long trip
If you have to take a lickin'
Carry on and quit your kickin'
Don't give up the ship</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="5997602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997602" title="Dynasty Warriors Online">
Dynasty Warriors Online

Dynasty Warriors Online, known as in Japan, is an massively-multiplayer online game originally released for Microsoft Windows in Japan in Spring 2006, and for PlayStation 3 on worldwide. The game belongs to Tecmo Koei's Dynasty Warriors video game series, as well as the larger Romance of the Three Kingdoms meta series, which is based on the Great Classical Novel of the same name.
Gameplay.
"Dynasty Warriors Online" allows players to create their own character and choose a weapon from existing playable characters. Once a character is created, the player enters the world of "Dynasty Warriors", defeating opposing armies for experience points. Players can also see other players that they can battle. It also poses the introduction of free roam, of which a player can move around their factions city talking to various non-player characters.
The gameplay of Dynasty Warriors Online is similar to its console counterparts. It composes of two main parts, campaign battles and melee battles. Campaign battles occurs weekly, where the 3 Kingdoms (Wu, Wei, and Shu) and other possible factions (Such as Dong Zhuo or Yuan Shao) fight for cities and territory. If there's no campaign scheduled, then a large 24 player Showdown battle will be held. The goal of the game is to complete the objective specified for the type of battle. In melee, there are five modes:
Development.
The game was originally announced for Microsoft Windows on as "Shin Sangoku Musou BB" ("Dynasty Warriors Broadband"), with a Japanese release target of Spring 2006. In late 2009 a PS3 port was teased through a small Flash site. The PS3 version was later confirmed, with a worldwide release date of ., but was instead brought exclusive only to Japan. In August 2010 it was announced that Aeria Games would be publishing this game for the North America and Europe regions. The game is currently available as a free download, as is most of Aeria Games' content. The company supports the game via micropayments.
The game's name changed from "Dynasty Warriors BB" changed its name to "Dynasty Warriors Online" on Wednesday, November 28, 2007.
In July 18, 2013, a massive update was released in the Japanese version of Dynasty Warriors Online, changing the name of Shin Sangoku Musou Online to Shin Sangoku Musou Online Z. This update adds the new feature of "Weapon Swapping" similar to Dynasty Warriors 7. Characters and soldiers have been remodeled with their Dynasty Warriors 7 appearances (Expect for some characters like Zuo Ci who have their Dynasty Warriors 8 appearance). The intro of the game has been changed, featuring three new main characters.
As of 01/10/2014 @ 5:00 PM PST the English version hosted by Aeria Games have shut down.

</doc>
<doc id="5997619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997619" title="Bogdan Tudor">
Bogdan Tudor

Bogdan Tudor (born 1 February 1970) is a Romanian long jumper, best known for his bronze medal at the 1994 European Indoor Championships. His personal best and Romanian record is 8.37 metres, achieved in July 1995 in Bad Cannstatt. 

</doc>
<doc id="5997627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997627" title="Fruitvale Independent School District">
Fruitvale Independent School District

Fruitvale Independent School District is a public school district based in Fruitvale, Texas (USA).
There are three campuses in Fruitvale ISD - Fruitvale High (Grades 9-12), Fruitvale Middle (Grades 6-8), and Hallie Randall Elementary (Grades PK-5).
Academic achievement.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Fruitvale High School plays six-man football.

</doc>
<doc id="5997631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997631" title="De grønne pigespejdere">
De grønne pigespejdere

De grønne pigespejdere (The Green Girl Guides) is the only Guiding and Scouting organisation in Denmark exclusively for girls. It was established in 1919 as the KFUK-spejderne i Danmark (YWCA-Guides in Denmark) and changed its name to "De grønne pigespejdere" in 2003. De grønne pigespejdere is member of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts through Pigespejdernes Fællesråd Danmark.
The uniform is a green shirt with a chequered scarf.

</doc>
<doc id="5997638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997638" title="Didier Dubois (mathematician)">
Didier Dubois (mathematician)

Didier Dubois (born 1952) is a French mathematician.
Since 1999, he is a co-editor-in-chief of the journal "Fuzzy Sets and Systems".
In 1993–1997 he was vice-president and president of the International Fuzzy Systems Association.
His research interests include fuzzy set theory, possibility theory, and knowledge representation. Most of his works are co-authored by Henri Prade.

</doc>
<doc id="5997647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997647" title="Cry Havoc">
Cry Havoc

"This article is about the board game. For the 1943 motion picture, see Cry 'Havoc'".
Cry Havoc is a medieval man-to-man wargame published by Standard Games, Jeux Rexton and later "Eurogames". Each side is composed of peasants, sergeants, billmen, men-at-arms, knights and various other "character" classes. Several scenarios are included in the game. "Cry Havoc" was first published in 1981.
Information.
The "Cry Havoc" system was later expanded with the publication of the following games:
Since Jeux Descartes' demise in 2005 the "Cry Havoc" game system is no longer published. Yet an internet community by the name "Cry Havoc Fan" has continued to keep the game alive, even publishing new material in digital and/or print form.

</doc>
<doc id="5997664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997664" title="Vitamin X">
Vitamin X

Vitamin X or VX is a hardcore punk and thrashcore band from Amsterdam, Netherlands that was formed in 1997. They are named as one of the best and most important hardcore punk bands going. Their unique sound is characterized by furious hardcore punk mixed with turbo-charged thrash, 70's rock riffage and wild guitar solos. The members are straight edge but this does not reflect their lyrics or music. Their current line-up consists of four members: Marko Korac (vocals), Alex Koutsman (bass guitar), Danny (drums), and Marc Emmerik (songwriter, guitar). 
Known for their witty socio-political lyrical themes and energetic live performances, the band recorded several seminal full-length albums and singles on various international labels, including US label Havoc Records (Kylesa, Wolfbrigade, Fucked Up, From Ashes Rise, etc.). The band has completed multiple tours of North America, South America, Europe, Japan, Australia, South East Asia and Russia. In 2001 and 2004 they played CBGB's, New York to a sold-out crowd. At a 2006 MTV live studio performance in Brasil a riot broke out after the band smashed their instruments.
Their 2008 album Full Scale Assault was recorded in Chicago by Steve Albini featuring a guest appearance by Negative Approach singer John Brannon and artwork by John Baizley of Baroness. It received critical acclaim from publications such as Metal Maniacs, Maximumrocknroll, Profane Existence, Suburban Voice, Exclaim!, and many more, several of them naming it as one of the best hardcore punk albums of 2008/2009.
Discography.
They have also released multiple "best of" collections and discography tapes, mainly for overseas tours.

</doc>
<doc id="5997666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997666" title="Luis Antonio Moreno">
Luis Antonio Moreno

Luis Antonio Moreno Huila (born December 25, 1970 in Jamundi) is a retired Colombian footballer, who played for a number of clubs, including América de Cali and Deportes Tolima.
He played for the Colombia national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5997668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997668" title="Grand Saline Independent School District">
Grand Saline Independent School District

Grand Saline Independent School District is an East Texas public school district based in Grand Saline, Texas (USA). The District eccompasses roughly all of northeastern Van Zandt County and has very small portion in extreme northwestern Smith County. The District operates 4 campuses in 5 buildings and also has owns various other buildings on former school district property. The district has a rating of "Standards Met", the highest rating given by the Texas Education Agency.
School District History.
Grand Saline's first school was started in 1849 as Grand Saline School with a total pupil population of 378 students on Saline Creek, a Sabine River tributary. Around 1920,all of the local communities consolidated to form Grand Saline Independent School District and the first school opened around 1920 and moved into the city itself at the corner of High and Green Street. Shortly thereafter, the first brick gymnasium ever built in Van Zandt County was built on the same plot of land shared with the high school. In the 1940s, the population of the school began to expand due Grand Saline's economic development the school district built an elementary school for students in 1st through 6th grade on the opposite side of the city on Oleander Street and also built the district's first football stadium, Person's stadium, in honor of A.E. Persons, a wealthy citizen who was an oilman and contributed financially to the district and town. In 1962 Grand Saline's Board of Education and the citizens approved the construction of a new high school, new gymnasium and additions to Person's Stadium. The new high school was finished in 1965. The city of Grand Saline constructed Stadium Drive which was built for access to the new high school. A separate middle school building for grades 7-8 was built in 1980 next door to the high school, and across the street, a weight training facility, track and field set-up, and fieldhouse was built. Renovations would not come again until 1993, when district voters approved a bond issue that built a cafetorium, and added a student commons area in the high school which would connect the gymnasium and the classroom wings and create one building. Additionally, voters approved the construction of Indian Memorial Stadium, a new football stadium with an olympic quality track and field and a seating capacity of 4,500 fans, replacing the old Person's Stadium, which became a practice field. In 1996, GSISD constructed a brand new Intermediate School to house grades 4,5, and 6. In late 1999, due to a steady growth in the district, officials proposed the idea of building a brand new, 7 million dollar, state of the art high school next to the current facility. In the spring of 2000, voters approved the bond issue and construction began in summer of 2002 and was opened for classes in fall of 2004, with the capacity to house 550 students. In addition to much bigger classrooms, the new school houses a gynmasium with 3 basketball courts and seating for 1,200 fans, a new baseball field directly behind the new high school, and a new fine arts auditorium. In 2011, Grand Saline replaced their oldest campus, the elementary school. The new school was built directly on the former Person's stadium and directly across the street from the other 3 campuses. The same year, the district opened an award winning softball complex, replacing the former softball field that was behind the old elementary school.
District Schools and Facilities.
The District currently operates 4 Schools in 5 buildings with a total district enrollment of roughly 1,200 students. 
In addition to the campuses, GSISD also owns and operates various facilities for athletic purposes and community purposes. The district still owns the original plot of land where the first in-city school was built. The land has the first school replica and the first gymnasium ever built by the district. Both are still used by the community. The old school was a project of the community group "Friends of the Old School." The group was dealt a terrible setback in 2009 when a fire almost destroyed the school, but was rebuilt due to generous donations by the community members.
Other facilities-
Indian Memorial Stadium-Football stadium for the Middle School and High School football teams and Track and Field teams. Built in 1994, it seats 4,500 fans at capacity and is one of the top 3A and under grass stadiums in East Texas.
Shirely F. Anderson Tennis Complex-An award winning tennis complex, built in honor of the former Grand Saline and Texas Christian University Football and Tennis standout and graduate. Currently under renovation
Indian Baseball Diamond-Constructed in 2003, the field is home to Grand Saline High School Baseball, one of the premier East Texas programs and also hosts the I-20 classic, along with nearby Van and Canton High Schools.
Lady Indian Softball Facility-Built in 2012, the facility is an award winning venue for Grand Saline Lady Indian Softball.
The old Elementary school is still used as well for Head Start and other primary school age activities despite its age. The current Middle School (which was the old High School) is under renovation to correct issues with the aging of the building.
Recognition.
As of the 2013 School year, Grand Saline ISD was awarded the highest possible rating by the Texas Education Agency's new ranking system, with a ranking report of "Met Standards" on the "core four" categories of Student Achievement, Student Progress, Closing Performance Gaps, and College or post-secondary Readiness. State target percentages for school districts in Texas to for "Met Standards" for the categories are, respectively, 50, 21, 55, and 75. GSISD surpassed them all with numbers of 77, 34, 75, and 83 percent, giving GSISD it's best ranking since the 2005-2006 school year.
Traditionally, Grand Saline has been between academically Recognized and Exemplary according to former TEA TAKS/TAAS standards. The district dipped to a low of Acceptable during the 2007-08 school year, but rebounded to be Recognized as in 2009-2010.
Grand Saline High School and Grand Saline Middle School both were Exemplary Texas Schools from 1998 to 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5997671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997671" title="Luis Moreno">
Luis Moreno

Luis Moreno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5997681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997681" title="Boughetto">
Boughetto

"Boughetto" is a 2002 rap single from the album "Heavy Starch" by Ali featuring Murphy Lee about being boughetto. The word is a clash or portmanteau of the words "bourgeois" — to belong to the middle class — and "ghetto" — to be restricted by social, economic or legal pressure. It speaks about people who are somewhat wealthy but at the same time cannot keep their ghetto-side from showing.

</doc>
<doc id="5997683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997683" title="Operation Quyet Thang 202">
Operation Quyet Thang 202

Operation Sure Win 202 (Vietnamese : "Chiến dịch Quyết Thắng 202") was a 1964 Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) operation carried out with US support. ARVN commandos were transported by U.S. helicopters behind entrenched Viet Cong positions, attacking them with shoulder fired rockets and flame throwers. Sniper teams then tracked the fleeing rebels and engaged them.
__TOC__
History.
The one month-long operation ended with heavy damages to the People's Liberation Armed Forces's (Viet Cong) communication line that linked Do Xa with other National Liberation Front controlled provinces, and forced a critical regrouping of the estimated nine hundred remaining Viet Cong fighters there.

</doc>
<doc id="5997691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997691" title="Malcolm Donald">
Malcolm Donald

Malcolm Donald (1877–1949) was an American lawyer and a founder of the Pioneer Fund.
He graduated Harvard College (where he played football) and Harvard Law School. He was an editor of "Harvard Law Review". He worked at Boston law firms Gaston Snow and Herrick, Smith, & Donald. He served in the War Department during World War I. Following the war, Donald was named Vice President of the Harvard alumni club. He later became a trustee of the Roxbury Latin School.
Historian William H. Tucker has documented Donald's involvement in the Pioneer Fund.
Pioneer Fund principal benefactor Wickliffe Draper chose Donald as treasurer in 1937. Donald was one of Boston's leading attorneys and a long-time trusted friend of the family. The two men had been named as executors of George Draper's will. Donald was trustee of the Draper family fortune, should neither Draper nor his sister outlive their father. Even before the fund's creation, Donald had managed Draper's finances. Donald got a ruling from the federal Treasury Department that the Pioneer Fund was tax-deductible, so Draper's contributions to the fund would be deductible from his own income tax. 
Donald did not play a substantive role in the policies or practices of the Pioneer Fund. Donald explained in a letter to Frederick Osborn that Draper was interested not in science but in policy; he wanted "to do something practical," such as "moving the colored race to Liberia" or "strengthening State laws to prevent the unfit from producing children." He was "not ... concerned with research in human genetics since he felt that enough was known on the subject and that the important thing was to have something done." And in personal discussion with Osborn, Draper's list of priorities included not only "colonization of the colored minorities" but also the "reconstruction of American political parties." 

</doc>
<doc id="5997694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997694" title="Canton Independent School District">
Canton Independent School District

Canton Independent School District is a public school district based in Canton, Texas (USA).
Schools.
There are four campuses in Canton ISD - 
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Statistics (per 2006).
The attendance rate for students in the district is 97%, compared with a state average of 96%. 32% of the students in the district are economically disadvantaged, 10% enroll in special education, 5% enroll in gifted and talent programs, 22% are enrolled in career and technology programs, and 3% are considered "limited English proficient."
The ethnic makeup of the district is 87% White, non-Hispanic, 8% Hispanic, 3% African American, 1% Asian/Pacific Islander, and 1% Native American.
Teachers in the district carry, on average, 15 years of teaching experience and 4% of the teachers on staff are first-year teachers. 83% of the teachers hold bachelors, 16% hold masters, and less than 1% hold doctorates.
72% of students in the district took SAT/ACT standardized examinations with an average score of 1026 and 21, respectively. 20% of students took an AP and/or IB examination.

</doc>
<doc id="5997701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997701" title="Tom Saunders">
Tom Saunders

Tom Saunders (1921 - July 8, 2001) was a famed figure in Bill Shankly’s Boot Room organisation at Liverpool FC, and served 30 years with the club.
Biography.
Tom Saunders was born in Liverpool in 1921. He joined the Territorial Army as a 16 year old and spent four years in North Africa. He played amateur football for New Brighton, Burscough, Fleetwood, Marine and Prescot Cables. [http://www.lfcbootroom.net/history2.htm]
He then took up a teaching post at Olive Mount Secondary School in Wavertree spending 17 years there before becoming head of the lower school at West Derby Comprehensive. He became interested in schoolboy football and managed Liverpool Schoolboys. He then went on to become England Schoolboy coach and held the position for 10 years.
With Liverpool FC.
He gained the necessary coaching certificates and after a spell running courses at Lilleshall he was, upon recommendation from Tony Waiters who was a youth coach at Liverpool, offered a job as Youth Development Officer at Anfield by Bill Shankly in 1968. It was the first appointment of its kind in British football. [http://www.lfcbootroom.net/saunders.htm]
He oversaw the development of more or less every player from 1970 to 1986, including such legends as David Fairclough, Jimmy Case and Steve Heighway. He also spied for Liverpool in Europe, making dossiers on unknown opponents from across the region. He was also appointed Liverpool's Chief Scout.
He also brought Frank Skelly into the Liverpool set up. Frank began scouting for the Reds at the request of Tom Saunders in 1973 when Bill Shankly was manager. He discovered Bruce Grobbelaar who played for Crewe Alexandra while on loan from Vancouver Whitecaps.
Tom Saunders finally retired from his position as Youth Development Officer in 1986. He returned to Anfield after being elected to the board of directors in 1993. Although his principal task was in administration, he helped the likes of Graeme Souness and his fellow bootroom legend Roy Evans through their work as managers. Saunders recommended Phil Thompson to Gérard Houllier for appointment as Assistant Manager at Liverpool. [http://www.liverweb.org.uk/lfcs12.htm]
He died on July 8, 2001 after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="5997706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997706" title="Transformation of the United States Army">
Transformation of the United States Army

The transformation of the United States Army was a modernization plan which began in 2006, under General Peter Schoomaker (the Army Chief of Staff at the time), aiming to move the Army from its Cold War divisional orientation to a full-spectrum capability with fully manned, equipped and trained brigades. This was the most comprehensive reorganization since World War II and included modular brigades and rebalancing the active and reserve components. A new deployment scheme was adopted that enabled the Army to carry out continuous operations. The plan was modified several times including an expansion of troop numbers in 2007 and changes to the number of modular brigades. On 25 June 2013, plans were announced to disband 13 modular brigades and expand the remaining brigades with an extra maneuver battalion, extra fires batteries and an engineer battalion.
History.
Before General Schoomaker's tenure, the Army was organized around large, mostly mechanized divisions, of around 15,000 soldiers each, with the aim of being able to fight two major theatres simultaneously. Under the new plan, the Army would be organized around modular brigades of 3,000-4,000 soldiers each, with the aim of being able to deploy continuously in different parts of the world, and effectively organizing the Army closer to the way it fights. An additional 30,000 soldiers were recruited as a short-term measure to assist in the structural changes, although a permanent end-strength change was not expected because of fears of future funding cuts, forcing the Army to pay for the additional personnel from procurement and readiness accounts. Up to 60% of the defense budget is spent on personnel and an extra 10,000 soldiers would cost US$1.4 billion annually.
In 2004, the United States Army Forces Command (FORSCOM), which commands most active Army and Army Reserve forces based in the Continental United States, was tasked with supervising the modular transformation of its subordinate structure. In March 2004, a contract was awarded to Anteon Corporation (now part of General Dynamics) to provide Modularity Coordination Cells (MCC) to each transforming corps, division and brigade within FORSCOM. Each MCC contained a team of functional area specialists who provided direct, ground-level support to the unit. The MCCs were coordinated by the Anteon office in Atlanta, Georgia.
Grow the Army was a transformation and re-stationing initiative of the United States Army announced in 2007 and scheduled to be completed by fiscal year 2013. The initiative is designed to grow the army by almost 75,000 soldiers, while realigning a large portion of the force in Europe to the continental United States in compliance with the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure suggestions. This grew the force from 42 Brigade Combat Teams and 75 modular support brigades in 2007 to 45 Brigade Combat Teams and 83 modular support brigades by 2013.
On 25 June 2013, US Army Chief of Staff General Raymond T. Odierno announced plans to disband 13 brigade combat teams and reduce troop strengths by 80,000 soldiers. While the number of BCTs will be reduced, the size of remaining BCTs will increase, on average, to about 4,500 Soldiers. That will be accomplished, in many cases, by moving existing battalions and other assets from existing BCTs into other brigades. Two brigade combat teams in Germany had already been deactivated and a 10 further brigade combat teams slated for deactivation were announced by General Odierno on 25 June. An additional brigade combat team will be announced for reorganization/deactivated at a later date. At the same time the maneuver battalions from the disbanded brigades will be used to augment armored and infantry brigade combat teams with a third maneuver battalion and expanded brigades fires capabilities by adding a third battery to the existing fires battalions. Furthermore all brigade combat teams - armored, infantry and Stryker - will gain a Brigade Engineer Battalion, with "gap-crossing" and route-clearance capability.
The following 10 brigades will inactivate:
Modular Combat Brigades.
Modular combat brigades are self-contained combined arms formations. They are standardized formations across the active and reserve components, meaning an Armored BCT at Fort Hood will be the same as one at Fort Stewart.
Reconnaissance plays a large role in the new organizational designs. The Army felt the acquisition of the target was the weak link in the chain of finding, fixing, closing with, and destroying the enemy. The Army felt that it had already sufficient lethal platforms to take out the enemy and thus the number of reconnaissance units in each brigade was increased. The brigades sometimes depend on joint fires from the Air Force and Navy to accomplish their mission. As a result, the amount of field artillery has been reduced in the brigade design.
The three types of BCTs are Armored Brigade Combat Teams (ABCTs), Infantry Brigade Combat Teams (includes Light, Mountain, Air Assault and Airborne), and Stryker Brigade Combat Teams (SBCTs).
Armored Brigade Combat Teams, or ABCTs consist of 3,783 troops[ This brigade total, of 3,783 troops, does not match the sum of the sub totals below, which is 4,350 - the larger number appears to more closely match the change that was made, below, to add a third maneuver battalion ]. Since the brigade has more organic units, the command structure includes a deputy commander (in lieu of the traditional executive officer) and a larger staff capable of working with civil affairs, special operations, psychological operations, air defense, and aviation units. An Armored BCT consists of:
Infantry Brigade Combat Team, or IBCTs, will comprise around 3,300 Soldiers:
Stryker Brigade Combat Team or SBCTs will comprise 3,900 soldiers, making it the largest of the three combat brigade constructs. 
Its design includes:
Modular Support Brigades.
Similar modularity will exist for support units which fall into five types: Aviation, Fires (artillery), Battlefield Surveillance (intelligence), Maneuver Enhancement (engineers, signal, military police, chemical, and rear-area support), and Sustainment (logistics, medical, transportation, maintenance, etc.). In the past, artillery, combat support, and logistics support only resided at the division level and brigades were assigned those units only on a temporary basis when brigades transformed into "brigade combat teams" for particular deployments.
Combat Aviation Brigades will be multi-functional, offering a combination of attack helicopters (i.e., Apache), reconnaissance helicopters (i.e., Kiowa), medium-lift helicopters (i.e. Blackhawks), heavy-lift helicopters (i.e. Chinooks), and medical evacuation (MEDEVAC) capability. Aviation will not be organic to combat brigades. It will continue to reside at the division-level due to resource constraints.
Heavy divisions (of which there are six) will have 48 Apaches, 38 Blackhawks, 12 Chinooks, and 12 Medevac helicopters in their aviation brigade. These will be divided into two aviation attack battalions, an assault lift battalion, a general aviation support battalion. An aviation support battalion will have headquarters, refuelling/resupply, repair/maintenance, and communications companies.
Light divisions will have aviation brigades with 60 armed reconnaissance helicopters and no Apaches, with the remaining structure the same.
The remaining divisions will have aviation brigades with 30 armed reconnaissance helicopters and 24 Apaches, with the remaining structure the same. The helicopters to fill out these large, combined-arms division-level aviation brigades comes from aviation units that used to reside at the corps-level.
Fires Brigades will offer not just traditional artillery fires (Paladin, Howitzer, MLRS, HIMARS) but information operations and non-lethal effects capabilities.
Air Defense: The Army will no longer provide an organic air defense artillery (ADA) battalion to its divisions. Nine of the ten active component (AC) divisional ADA battalions and two of the eight reserve (ARNG) divisional ADA battalions will deactivate. The remaining AC divisional ADA battalion along with six ARNG divisional ADA battalions will be pooled at the Unit of Employment to provide on-call air and missile defense (AMD) protection. The pool of Army AMD resources will address operational requirements in a tailorable and timely manner without stripping assigned AMD capability from other missions.
Sustainment Brigades provide division-level logistics support and above.
Battlefield Surveillance Brigades will offer additional UAVs and long-term surveillance detachments.
Maneuver Enhancement Brigades will command units such as chemical, military police, and civil affairs units. These formations will be designed to be joint so that they under operate with coalition or joint forces such as the Marine Corps.
Command Headquarters.
Division commands will command and control these combat and support brigades. Divisions will operate as plug-and-play headquarters commands (similar to corps) instead of fixed formations with permanently assigned units. Any combination of brigades may be assigned to divisions for a particular mission up to a maximum of four combat brigades. For instance, the 3rd Infantry Division headquarters could be assigned two armor brigades and two infantry brigades based on the expected requirements of a given mission. On its next deployment, the same division may have one Stryker brigade and two armor brigades assigned to it. The same modus operandi holds true for support units. The goal of reorganization with regard to logistics is to streamline the logistics command structure so that combat service support can fulfill its support mission more efficiently.
The division headquarters itself has also been redesigned as a modular unit that can be assigned an array of units and serve in many different operational environments. The new term for this headquarters is the UEx (or Unit of Employment, X). The headquarters is designed to be able to operate as part of a joint force, command joint forces with augmentation, and command at the operational level of warfare (not just the tactical level). It will include organic security personnel and signal capability plus liaison elements.
When not deployed, the division will have responsibility for the training and readiness of a certain number of modular brigades units. For instance, the 3rd Infantry Division headquarters module based at Fort Stewart, GA is responsible for the readiness of its four combat brigades and other units of the division, assuming they have not been deployed separately under a different division.
The re-designed headquarters module comprises around 1,000 soldiers including over 200 officers. It includes:
Divisions will continue to be commanded by major generals, unless coalition requirements require otherwise. Regional army commands (e.g. 3rd Army, 7th Army, 8th Army) will remain in use in the future but with changes to the organization of their headquarters designed to make the commands more integrated and relevant in the structure of the reorganized Army.
Culture, Training, and Readiness.
Under Schoomaker, Combat Training Centers (CTCs) will emphasize the contemporary operating environment (such as an urban, ethnically-sensitive city in Iraq) and stress units according to the unit mission and the commanders' assessments, collaborating often to support holistic collective training programs, rather than by exception as was formerly the case.
Schoomaker's plan is to resource units based on the mission they are expected to accomplish (major combat versus SASO, or Stability and Support Operations), regardless of component (active or reserve). Instead of using snapshot readiness reports, the Army will now rate units based on the mission they are expected to perform given their position across the three force pools, and more heavily weight the commanders' assessments.
Deployment Scheme.
The force generation system that General Schoomaker is advocating is based on the concept that the U.S. Army will be deployed continuously and serve as an expeditionary force to fight a protracted campaign against terrorism and stand ready for other potential contingencies across the full-spectrum of operations (from humanitarian and stability operations to major combat operations against a conventional foe).
Under ideal circumstances, Army units will have a minimum "dwell time," a minimum duration of which it will remain at home station before deployment. Active-duty units will be prepared to deploy once every three years. Army Reserve units will be prepared to deploy once every five years. National Guard units will be prepared to deploy once every six years. A total of 71 combat brigades will form the Army's rotation basis, 42 from the active component with the balance from the reserves.
Thus, around 15 active-duty combat brigades will be available for deployment each year under this force-generation plan. An additional 4 or 5 brigades will be available for deployment from the reserve component. The plan is designed to provide more stability to soldiers and their families. Within the system, a surge capability does exist so that about an additional 18 brigades can be deployed in addition to the 19 or 20 scheduled brigades.
From General Dan McNeil, former Army Forces Command (FORSCOM) Commander: Within the Army Forces Generation (ARFORGEN) model, brigade combat teams (BCTs) move through a series of three force pools; they enter the model at its inception, the "reset force pool", upon completion of a deployment cycle. There they re-equip and reman while executing all individual predeployment training requirements, attaining readiness as quickly as possible. Reset or "R" day, recommended by FORSCOM and approved by Headquarters, Department of the Army, will be marked by BCT changes of command, preceded or followed closely by other key leadership transitions. While in the reset pool, formations will be remanned, reaching 100% of mission required strength by the end of the phase, while also reorganizing and fielding new equipment, if appropriate. In addition, it is there that units will be confirmed against future missions, either as deployment expeditionary forces (DBFs-BCTs trained for known operational requirements), ready expeditionary forces (REFs-BCTs that form the pool of available forces for short-notice missions) or contingency expeditionary forces (CEFs-BCTs earmarked for contingency operations).
Based on their commanders' assessments, units move to the ready force pool, from which they can deploy should they be needed, and in which the unit training focus is at the higher collective levels. Units enter the available force pool when there is approximately one year left in the cycle, after validating their collective mission-essential task list proficiency (either core or theater-specific tasks) via battle-staff and dirt-mission rehearsal exercises. The available phase is the only phase with a specified time limit: one year. Not unlike the division-ready brigades of past decades, these formations deploy to fulfill specific requirements or stand ready to fulfill no-notice deployments within 30-days notice.
The goal is to generate forces 12–18 months in advance of combatant commanders' requirements and to begin preparing every unit for its future mission as early as possible in order to increase its overall proficiency.
Personnel management will also be reorganized as part of the Army transformation. Previously, personnel was managed on an individual basis in which soldiers were rotated without regard for the effect on unit cohesion. This system required unpopular measures such as "stop loss" and "stop move" in order to maintain force levels. In contrast, the new personnel system will operate on a unit basis to the maximum extent possible, with the goal of allowing teams to remain together longer and enabling families to establish ties within their communities.
End state.
Overall the Army would end up with 71 brigade combat teams and 212 support brigades. The Regular Army would move from 33 brigade combat teams in 2003 to 43 brigade combat teams together with 75 modular support brigades, for a total of 118 Regular Army modular brigades. In addition the previously un-designated training brigades such as the Infantry Training Brigade at Fort Benning assumed the lineage & honors of formerly active Regular Army combat brigades. Within the Army National Guard, there would be 28 brigade combat teams and 78 support brigades. Within the Army Reserve, the objective was 59 support brigades.
Divisions and Brigades.
Division Totals
Combat Brigades: 34
Structure, once latest round of reorganizations are complete:
Support Brigades.
Active-duty Support Brigades (with reserve-component numbers in parenthesis: ARNG/USAR)
History of ARFORGEN.
The Secretary of the Army approved implementing ARFORGEN, a transformational force generation model, in 2006. ARFORGEN process diagram
2010 Army Posture Statement, Addendum F, Army Force Generation (ARFORGEN)
ARFORGEN model concept development began in the summer of 2004 and received its final approval from the Army’s senior leadership in early 2006. Signal Magazine, U.S. Army Reforges Training and Readiness, Henry S. Kenyon, June 2006
FORSCOM, Department of the Army AR 525-29 Military Operations, Army Force Generation, 14 Mar 2011 Unclassified. Electronic document only.

</doc>
<doc id="5997708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997708" title="Belvedere di Spinello">
Belvedere di Spinello

Belvedere di Spinello is a "comune" and town in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, southern Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5997712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997712" title="Caccuri">
Caccuri

Caccuri is a commune and town in the province of Crotone in Calabria, southern Italy. 
It is the birthplace of Renaissance statesman Cicco Simonetta.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5997720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997720" title="Dallas Riordan">
Dallas Riordan

Dallas Riordan is a character in the Marvel Comics universe.
Fictional character biography.
Dallas Riordan's family had a long storied history of being police officers. Dallas was once an NYPD officer and a soldier before she went into politics and became the aide to the New York mayor. When the Thunderbolts appeared on the scene after the disappearances of the Avengers and the Fantastic Four, the mayor wanted to take advantage of the Thunderbolts publicity and chose to appoint Dallas as the liaison between his office and the new team of "heroes". Dallas was completely unaware that her new associates were really super villains in disguise, plotting to use their newfound publicity to get security clearances with which they could take over the world.
Dallas quickly began a flirtation with Thunderbolt member Atlas and the two were dating when the group was exposed as villains. The Thunderbolts, led by Citizen V (by now Baron Zemo once again), soon made an attempt to take over the world. To save face, the mayor chose to blame Dallas for leading him astray and promptly fired her.
A short time later, Dallas was approached by Roger Aubrey of the V-Battalion and was offered the role of Citizen V (the original Citizen V was a Golden Age hero murdered by Helmut's father Baron Heinrich Zemo), their primary field agent. It turned out that Dallas's grandfather had worked for the original V-Battalion (the majority of which were slaughtered by Heinrich). He had served in World War II but stayed in Europe to help recreate the V-Battalion with Roger Aubrey and various others, leaving his wife and son, Jim Riordan, behind. Jim raised Dallas to be tough and encouraged her desire to be a police officer. Jim did not like the V-Battalion but he presumably wanted his daughter to be trained in combat so that she would be prepared if she ever accepted a role in the V-Battalion (as was her right, being a descendant of a member).
Furious over the way her life had been destroyed by the Thunderbolts, Dallas decided to join the V-Battalion and became Citizen V. She became somewhat of a super-hero herself, first fighting Baron Zemo and then going up against the threat of the Crimson Cowl, who after knocking Citizen V unconscious, framed Dallas for being the leader of the Masters of Evil, which was all a set-up to throw the Thunderbolts off the trail of the real Crimson Cowl (Justine Hammer). Dallas was then arrested. Dallas was rescued from prison by the V-Battalion. She soon tried to track down the Crimson Cowl but instead found herself fighting the Imperial Forces of America (ironically, but unknown to her, they were funded by Baron Zemo). The V-Battalion ordered Dallas to assassinate Henry Peter Gyrich (who would become her co-worker in the Commission on Superhuman Activities several years later) because Gyrich and the CSA had been compromised by the nanite conspiracy spearheaded by Baron Strucker of HYDRA. Dallas refused and the V-Battalion sent their operatives to stop her from informing the Thunderbolts of their plans.
When Dallas returned to the United States, she tried to get help from the Thunderbolts but a battle broke out between the two groups and Dallas vanished in battle, kidnapped again by the Crimson Cowl. Dallas wound up in a prison base on the border of Symkaria and Latveria. She managed to find a means of escape but chose to confront the Cowl instead. The battle ended with her falling off a bridge and into a river. Dallas washed up in Latveria (the country led by Doctor Doom) and her back was crushed, requiring her to use a wheelchair for mobility. Dallas soon began to get visitations from her ex-boyfriend Erik (who had been killed by Scourge). Eventually Dallas was freed from Latveria by the Redeemers, at which point she came back to the United States.
The Thunderbolts, who had previously disbanded, reunited during a battle with Graviton. Dallas reasoned that the ionic-powered Erik's visitations were similar to Wonder Man's visitations of the Scarlet Witch, who he used as an emotional anchor to tie him to the world after he had been killed. Erik didn't have a body to come back to and instead channeled his ionic energy into Dallas. In their ionic state, Dallas's body could walk and had various super powers. Atlas rejoined the Thunderbolts to fight Graviton but after the battle, Erik and Dallas found themselves and their teammates marooned on Counter Earth. When they returned, the ionic energy recreated a powerless Erik Josten and Dallas retained a portion of the ionic energy. Thanks to the Fixer, Erik soon gained Pym Particle-related powers again.
Dallas joined the Thunderbolts as Vantage and chose to remain on the team to watch Zemo, who she could not trust. Eventually Helmut was scarred by a deranged Moonstone when trying to save Captain America. The Thunderbolts briefly disbanded and Erik asked Hank Pym to strip him of his new powers. Dallas and Erik broke up and Dallas took a job working for homeland security.
Erik soon rejoined the Thunderbolts despite being powerless. After an encounter with Genis, Erik became enraged and tapped into his ionic powers which somehow left Dallas paralyzed again.
Dallas is currently a full-time member of the CSA and even helped organize the battle between the Thunderbolts and the new Avengers. Dallas and the CSA are apparently working with Zemo to save the world from the Grandmaster. Dallas does not trust Helmut, but gave him the benefit of the doubt.
Altered again by the Wellspring, during a battle against the Grandmaster in which he had to surrender his powers temporarily to Zemo, Josten was left stuck in a giant form, too heavy even to move and communicate. However he was able to send back some ionic energy to Dallas, restoring her legs. She offered jobs to Abner Jenkins and Norbert Ebersol within the CSA. She next appeared as part of senate sub committee questioning Norman Osborn about the Skrull invasion.
Notes.
Dallas is not the granddaughter of John Watkins Sr, the original Citizen V, nor is she the granddaughter of Watkins's lover Paulette Brazee and the red-headed soldier she married after Watkins death. Dallas's father Jim Riordan was born to an American couple. Jim's father was a soldier in WWII who stayed in Europe after the war and helped recreate the V-Battalion in 1951, but he died soon afterwards. Jim's mother was left to raise her son alone. Dallas used the family history of John Watkins the 3rd as her cover story when she explained her origin to Captain America, but he immediately saw through the deception. JJ Watkins, the son of John Sr and Paulette and father to John Watkins the 3rd, is presumably unrelated to the Riordan family. Dallas was offered the mantle of Citizen V because of her grandfather's sacrifice in the early days of the reconstituted V-Battalion. The official handbook entry on Dallas Riordan is incorrect in these matters.

</doc>
<doc id="5997728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997728" title="Jorge Bolaño">
Jorge Bolaño

Jorge Eladio Bolaño Correa (born 28 April 1977 in Santa Marta) is a Colombian football player, who currently plays for Corporación Nuevo Cúcuta Deportivo in the Categoría Primera A.
He played for a few clubs, including Atlético Junior, AC Parma (Italy), U.C. Sampdoria (Italy), U.S. Lecce (Italy) and F.C. Modena (Italy).
He plays for the Colombia national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5997734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997734" title="Joe Thomas (American football)">
Joe Thomas (American football)

Joseph Hayden Thomas (born December 4, 1984) is an American football offensive tackle for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Wisconsin, earned All-American honors, and was recognized as the top college interior lineman. The Cleveland Browns chose Thomas with the third overall pick in the 2007 NFL Draft. He has been selected to the Pro Bowl seven times (every season in which he has played), and is considered among the top offensive linemen in the NFL today.
Early years.
Thomas was born in Brookfield, Wisconsin. He attended Brookfield Central High School, and played right tackle, defensive end, tight end, fullback, placekicker and punter for the Brookfield Central Lancers high school football team. He was listed among the top 20 offensive tackles nationally, PrepStar All-American, second-team All-America offensive guard according to "USA Today", member of the "Detroit Free Press" All-Midwest team, "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel" first-team all-state defensive lineman and second-team all-state offensive guard as a junior, and also received first-team all-state honors at defensive end from the Wisconsin Football Coaches Association (WFCA) and Associated Press. He was recognized as the WFCA 2002 Defensive Player of the Year. He had 85 tackles and 12 sacks as a senior. As a junior, he had 70 tackles and eight sacks. He was listed as the third best prospect in the state of Wisconsin in 2003.
Aside from his athletic prowess, Thomas performed well academically. He was a four-year honor roll student and a part of the U.S. Army Academic All-America team and played in the 2003 U.S. Army All-American Bowl.
Regarded as a four-star recruit by Rivals.com, Thomas was ranked as the No. 18 offensive tackle prospect in the class of 2003. Wisconsin, Nebraska, Colorado, and Notre Dame vied for his recruitment before he signed his letter of intent to Wisconsin in January 2003.
Track and field.
In track and field, Thomas set the school record for shotput and discus with throws of and . He lettered four times in track and field. He also holds the school indoor record in the shot put (62'1 1/4").
He also excelled at shotput for the Badgers' track and field team. He garnered national recognition for record-breaking performances in shot put and discus throw. He was a 2005 second-team All-Big Ten Conference selection, as he qualified for the 2004 and '05 NCAA Regionals in the shot put and discus throw.
College career.
Thomas enrolled in the University of Wisconsin, where he played for the Wisconsin Badgers football team from 2003 to 2006. As a true freshman in 2003 he mostly saw action as a blocking tight end. In 2004, he started all 12 games at left tackle, helping the Badgers' ground game with Anthony Davis and Matt Bernstein in the backfield.
In 2005, Barry Alvarez's final season, he started all 13 games at left tackle and was named a first-team All-American by "Pro Football Weekly". He blocked for Brian Calhoun, who had an impressive year, racking up 1,500 rushing yards and 500 receiving yards. Thomas considered declaring for the 2006 NFL Draft, where he was projected among the top 15 picks (and projected as the second offensive lineman behind Virginia prospect D'Brickashaw Ferguson). The Badgers were invited to the Capital One Bowl against Auburn, where they prevailed 24–10. Unfortunately, Thomas tore his ACL playing defensive end because of injuries to other players at the position. The Badgers finished that season 10–3 with a #15 national ranking. Soon after the game, Thomas announced that he would be returning to Wisconsin for his final year.
His senior season in 2006 began with high expectations. As the offensive captain, he started all 13 games and blocked for P. J. Hill, Jr., who racked up over 1,500 yards on the ground. Following the regular season, Thomas won the Outland Trophy as the nation's top interior lineman, and he was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American. Thomas and the Badgers were again invited to the Capital One Bowl, this time against Arkansas. The Badgers prevailed 17–14 and finished the season 12–1, a school record for wins in a single season.
He was a business major.
Professional career.
2007 NFL Draft.
The Cleveland Browns drafted Thomas in the first round of the 2007 NFL Draft (3rd overall) to fill a dire need on the team's offensive line. The Thomas pick ended much speculation that the Browns would choose other players including former Notre Dame QB Brady Quinn with the 3rd overall pick in the draft. Quinn, who was widely expected to be a top 10 pick, waited patiently until he left for the private suite of Commissioner Goodell. Quinn was later picked 22nd after the Browns traded up. Instead of attending the 2007 draft festivities in New York, Thomas chose to go fishing on Lake Michigan with his father, father-in-law and Joe Panos, who was also a standout offensive lineman at Wisconsin and former Brookfield resident. Thomas discovered he was drafted by the Cleveland Browns via cell phone.
Cleveland Browns.
Thomas signed a six-year contract worth $43 million, $23 million guaranteed, including a voidable year, with the Browns. Thomas won the starting left tackle job, with previous Browns left tackle Kevin Shaffer moving to right tackle. He made his NFL debut versus the Pittsburgh Steelers in week 1 and played every offensive snap for the Browns in 2007. Thomas quickly became one of the top-performing members of the 2007 draft class and was named the NFL's Rookie of the Month for November. Thomas was selected to the 2008 Pro Bowl, replacing Jason Peters of the Buffalo Bills.
Thomas came in second in the voting for NFL Rookie of the Year. He was the only person to receive votes, besides the eventual winner, Adrian Peterson.
Thomas has made the AFC Pro Bowl roster all seven of his seasons in the NFL
On August 22, 2011 Thomas and the Cleveland Browns agreed to a seven-year $84 million extension with almost $44 million guaranteed.
On December 27, 2011, Thomas was named to his fifth straight Pro Bowl since the Cleveland Browns drafted him. Since 1970, Thomas and Richmond Webb of the Miami Dolphins are the only NFL offensive linemen to make the Pro Bowl in each of their first five seasons. Thomas and Pro Football Hall of Fame running back Jim Brown are the only Browns players ever to be selected to the Pro Bowl for the first five seasons of their careers. Hall of Fame running back Leroy Kelly was the last Browns player to earn five or more consecutive invitations to the Pro Bowl.
On December 26, 2012, Thomas was named to his sixth straight Pro Bowl. Thomas joins a short list of only 15 players who have made the Pro Bowl in each of their first six seasons in NFL history.
On December 27, 2013, Joe Thomas was voted to his seventh straight Pro Bowl selection. Thomas joins Hall of Famer Jim Brown as the only two Browns to make the Pro Bowl in their first seven seasons. Thomas on making his 7th straight Pro Bowl became one of only 11 players in NFL history to make it their first seven seasons. The list of other players who have done it and gone on to make the Hall of Fame includes Dick Butkus, Joe Greene, Franco Harris, Merlin Olsen, Mel Renfro, Barry Sanders, Lawrence Taylor and Derrick Thomas.
On the NFL Network's Top 100 Players of 2014, Thomas was voted the 18th best player (overall) in the league by his peers.
Personal.
Thomas is an avid outdoorsman. Along with "The Plain Dealer" outdoors writer D'Arcy Egan, Thomas hosts the television program "Outdoors Ohio" on SportsTime Ohio. He lives in Westlake, Ohio with his wife Annie and daughter Logan.

</doc>
<doc id="5997739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997739" title="Carfizzi">
Carfizzi

Carfizzi (Arbërisht: Karfici) is an Arbëreshë "comune" in the Province of Crotone, Calabria, Italy. 

</doc>
<doc id="5997749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997749" title="Henderson Independent School District">
Henderson Independent School District

Henderson Independent School District is a public school district based in Henderson, Texas (USA).
History.
In early 1949 Henderson ISD's coverage area was . Later in 1949 HISD began absorbing other area school districts. Motley, New Hope, Crim’s Chapel, Grandview, Roquemore, Oakland, Ebenezer, and Bethel were the first communities merged into Henderson ISD. Hickey joined the district in 1950. Pinehill joined the district in 1951. With the addition of Pinehill, Henderson ISD's coverage area was . The district constructed a new Henderson High School building in 1953 due to the increased demand for a school building due to the new students coming from the consolidations.
In 2006, voters approved a $22 million bond to build two new campuses — each more than in size — on about of land donated by the Wylie family of Henderson.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Henderson High School's marching band became the 2012 3A state champions at the National Association of Military Marching Bands contest held in Bryan, Texas.
In 2013, voters approved the funding of a new middle school to be built in the same location as the old one. The 6th grade building will still be used but the 7th, and 8th grade buildings will be torn down and rebuilt on the middle schools practice field. Construction has not started as of March 23, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5997753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997753" title="Be-Imaan">
Be-Imaan

Be-Imaan (Hindi: बेईमान, Urdu: بے ایمان) is a 1972 film directed by Sohanlal Kanwar. The film stars Manoj Kumar, Raakhee, Premnath, Pran, Prem Chopra and Tun Tun. The music is by Shankar Jaikishan.

</doc>
<doc id="5997766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997766" title="Johanna Allston">
Johanna Allston

Johanna (Hanny) Allston (born 12 February 1986) is an Australian orienteer.
Johanna Allston, or Hanny Allston as many know her, won the 2006 Junior World Orienteering Championships for the long distance event. She won by an almost unprecedented margin of 4 minutes and 38 seconds. She is the first Australian woman orienteer ever to win a gold medal at a World Championship level.
She lives in Canberra, Australia. When she won her gold medal it was her last year of eligibility to run in the Junior World Championships.
At the 2006 World Orienteering Championships she claimed gold in the Sprint event. This is the best result by an Australian in the history of the event and she became the first person to win both Senior and Junior World Orienteering Championship titles in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="5997770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997770" title="CCNE">
CCNE

CCNE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5997788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997788" title="A.S.D. Albalonga">
A.S.D. Albalonga

Associazione Sportiva Dilettante Albalonga is an Italian association football club located in Albano Laziale, Latium. It currently plays in Eccellenza Lazio/A.
History.
The foundation.
It was founded in 1960 and spent several seasons in Serie D.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are all-light blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5997798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997798" title="John B. Trevor Jr.">
John B. Trevor Jr.

John Bond Trevor, Jr. (4 July 1909–27 August 2006) was a director of the Pioneer Fund.
Trevor graduated Columbia College and Columbia School of Mines, Engineering and Chemistry. During World War II he was Project Engineer in charge of developing and evaluating Shipborne Anti-Aircraft Control Systems at the Naval Research Laboratory; author of several classified books and manuals for the armed forces; decorated with the "Meritorious Civilian Service Award" by the United States Navy.
Testifying against more liberal immigration laws in 1965, Trevor warned against "a conglomeration of racial and ethnic elements" that he said led to "a serious culture decline."
Trevor was a founding trustee of the Trudeau Institute and served on its Board of Trustees for twenty-two years. An accomplished sailor, he co-authored "Wind and Tide in Yacht Racing".
His father, John B. Trevor Sr. was also a prominent proponent of immigration restriction.

</doc>
<doc id="5997801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997801" title="Overwrap">
Overwrap

An overwrap or wrap is applied over an item or is applied over another form of packaging. It is often made of plastic film (sometimes called Polywrapping) or paper.
Functions.
An overwrap can have several purposes or functions:
Types of overwraps.
Shrink wrap.
Shrink wrap is a material made up of polymer plastic film. When heat is applied it shrinks tightly over whatever it is covering. Heat can be applied with a hand held heat gun (electric or gas) or the product and film can pass through a heat tunnel. Most shrink films are polyethylene.
Film wrap.
Plastic films, usually polyethylene or polypropylene, can be wrapped around an item and attached with adhesive, PSA tape, or heat seals. Sometimes the film is in the form of a plastic bag which is sealed around the item.
Paper wrap.
Kraft paper and a variety of other papers can be used to overwrap items in a package or to overwrap a package. Some papers provide abrasion protection for packaged items. Sealing can be by adhesive, tapes, heat seals, etc. Some papers also have grease resistance or are saturated with volatile corrosion inhibitors, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5997802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997802" title="Tatum Independent School District">
Tatum Independent School District

Tatum Independent School District is a public school district based in Tatum, Texas (USA).
In addition to Tatum, the district serves rural areas in northeastern Rusk and northwestern Panola counties.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
Tatum ISD is TEA Academically Recognized District for the fourth year in row and has two Exemplary rated campuses and two Recognized rated campuses. Tatum Primary is Exemplary for the fifth straight year, Tatum Elementary has earned a fifth consecutive Recognized rating, Tatum Middle is Recognized for the third consecutive year and Tatum High is Exemplary.

</doc>
<doc id="5997807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997807" title="University of Applied Sciences Stuttgart">
University of Applied Sciences Stuttgart

The Stuttgart Technology University of Applied Sciences - Hochschule für Technik (HFT Stuttgart) - is one of ten institutes for higher education in Stuttgart. It was founded in 1832 as a school for construction craftsmen (Winterschule für Bauhandwerker) and was inaugurated as a University of Applied Sciences in 1971.
The campus is located in downtown Stuttgart.
Faculties and programmes.
There are three faculties offering the following programmes:

</doc>
<doc id="5997809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997809" title="Writhlington SSSI">
Writhlington SSSI

Writhlington SSSI () is a 0.5 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the town of Radstock, Bath and North East Somerset, notified in 1992.
This is the site of old mine workings on the Somerset coalfield, including 3,000 tons of Upper Carboniferous spoil from which more than 1,400 insect fossil specimens have been recovered, including the world's earliest known Damselfly. It is a Geological Conservation Review Site, because it has yielded the largest ever collection of Carboniferous insects in Britain. The commonest forms belong to the order Blattodea (cockroaches) and include the extinct families Archimylacris and Mymarommatidae. Protorthoptera and Palaeodictyoptera also occur. Frequent chelicerates (arthropods) include trace and body fossils of xiphosurid merostomes and arachnids, including Phalangiotarbi and Trigonotarbida and also true spiders (Araneida). Rare myriapods (millipedes) and occasional conchostracan crustaceans (clam-shrimps) also occur.

</doc>
<doc id="5997818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997818" title="B-1 Nuclear Bomber">
B-1 Nuclear Bomber

B-1 Nuclear Bomber is a flight simulator game based on piloting a B-1 Lancer to its target and dropping a nuclear bomb. The USSR is one of the target countries. The game was developed by Avalon Hill and Microcomputer Games, Inc, and released in 1980 for the Apple II and other computers.
The game box details a sample scenario set in the then-future of a bombing run over Moscow on July 1, 1991, which turned out to be just months before the official dissolution of the Soviet Union on December 26 of that year.
Reception.
A 1992 "Computer Gaming World" survey of wargames with modern settings gave the game zero stars out of five, stating that "its play mechanics were embarrassing when it was initially released".

</doc>
<doc id="5997823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997823" title="West Rusk Independent School District">
West Rusk Independent School District

West Rusk Independent School District is a public school district based in New London, Texas (USA).
There are three campuses in West Rusk ISD - West Rusk High (Grades 9-12), West Rusk Middle (Grades 6-8), and West Rusk Elementary (Grades PK-5).

</doc>
<doc id="5997825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997825" title="Assault Rigs">
Assault Rigs

Assault Rigs is an action game developed and published by Psygnosis, released in 1996 for Windows and PlayStation, and a year later for the Sega Saturn in Japan. The game takes place in the future, where real sport has been overtaken in favour of virtual sport, the most popular of which is Assault Rigs, a tank simulator set inside a 3D virtual environment.
The goal of the single player game is to collect all of the gems in a level, while destroying or avoiding enemies, ultimately reaching the exit. There are 42 Levels featuring jump ramps, elevators, skyways, trenches, movable blocks and push rods. There are also 20 weapon power-ups, viruses and Dolby Surround sound.
"Assault Rigs" also has the capability to utilize the PlayStation Link Cable, enabling two players to connect two PlayStations and play head-to-head on two televisions. This setup unlocks 15 additional levels that are only available for play using the cable.
The PC version has multi-player which can be played with either a serial link (two player) or a network (up to eight players).
Gameplay.
Players control their rig to collect all the gems in a level and get to the end goal of each of the game's 42 levels. In the Saturn version of Assault Rigs, all of the levels were the same as the PlayStation 1 and PC versions but they were given different names. Along the way, they can collect various types of weapons from missiles to land mines. Throughout each level, they must contend with various enemies from turrets to enemy rigs. Aerial enemies called "viruses" also attack the player's rig, while hazards such as electric gates and enemy mines dot each level. There are also mild puzzle-solving elements such as pushing blocks and building bridges.

</doc>
<doc id="5997826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997826" title="Junior World Orienteering Championships">
Junior World Orienteering Championships

The Junior World Orienteering Championships (or JWOC) are an orienteering competition held every year. They were first held in 1990. Entry is open to national teams aged 20 and below as of 31 December in the year of competition. Representative countries must be members of the International Orienteering Federation (IOF).
History.
An international junior match was arranged first time in 1983 in Ry, Denmark, and then in 1984 (Hartberg, Austria) and 1985 (Font-Romeau, France). From 1986 (in Pécs, Hungary) the events became the unofficial Junior European Championships, and were held the following years, 1987 (Ambleside, England), 1988 (Eupen, Belgium) and 1989 (Seefeld/Kufstein, Austria). From 1990 (Älvsbyn, Sweden), the competition became official Junior World Orienteering Championships.
Current program.
Current program includes:
Individual Sprint Event (Straight Final)
Individual Middle Distance Event (Consists of a qualifier and ranked finals)
Individual Long Distance Event (Straight Final)
Team Relay
Originally JWOC started with an Individual (Classic) competition followed by a relay. The Short Distance Championships were added in 1991, which remained until 2004 where the Short Distance became the Middle Distance, falling into line with the World Orienteering Championships
An unofficial Sprint Race was held in Switzerland in 2005 in conjunction with the PostFinance-Sprint [http://www.postfinance-sprint.ch/]. Shortly following this event the Sprint discipline was added to the program for Lithuania 2006.
Individual/Classic/Long.
This event was called "Classic distance" from 1991 to 2003, and since 2004 it is called "Long distance".
Short/Middle distance.
This event was called "Short distance" from 1991 to 2003. Since 2004 it is called "Middle distance".
Sprint.
This event was first held in 2006
Medal table.
Updated after JWOC 2013.
The 2006 Junior World Champion in the long distance event for women is Johanna Allston (or Hanny Allston) of Australia. It is the first time in this event that a gold medal has been won by a non-European nation.

</doc>
<doc id="5997827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997827" title="Long Dole Wood and Meadows SSSI">
Long Dole Wood and Meadows SSSI

Long Dole Wood and Meadows SSSI () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) between the villages of Farrington Gurney and Hinton Blewitt in Bath and North East Somerset, notified in 1987.
The majority of the SSSI is made up of the Hollow Marsh nature reserve run by the Somerset Wildlife Trust which covers . The site was previously called "Holly Marsh". The meadows are summer grazed, with a heath grass and sedge environment with orchids.
The site is situated on the flood plain of a valley formed by a tributary of the Cam Brook and support two neutral grassland communities with a restricted British distribution. Two ancient woodland sites are also present with ash, Oak, Hazel, Wych Elm and other tree varieties which show evidence of coppicing. The ground flora includes
Solomon’s Seal ("Polygonatum multiflorum").
When the site was recorded as an SSSI it supported a strong breeding population of the Marsh Fritillary "(Eurodryas aurinia)", however this declined in the late 20th century, and this species is no longer found at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="5997828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997828" title="A.S.D. Cagliese Calcio">
A.S.D. Cagliese Calcio

Associazione Sportiva Dilettante Cagliese Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Cagli, Marche. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are yellow and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5997833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997833" title="PFC Akademik Sofia">
PFC Akademik Sofia

Akademik () was a Bulgarian football club from the city of Sofia. The team's stadium is located in the Slatina municipality of Sofia and its capacity is 10,000.
Akademik debuted in A PFG in 1949 and would quickly establish themselves as a top-flight team in Bulgarian football from then on. The team became one of the top Bulgarian teams in the 1950s and 1970s, especially in the domestic and European Cup competitions, having been crowned Balkans Cup champions.
History.
Akademik was founded in the 1947, by Sofia University (the oldest higher education institution in Bulgaria, founded on 1 October 1888) students as a football club. A two years later, Akademik were promoted for the first time to Bulgarian A PFG. The 1950 season in the domestic league was very successful for the team, which finished 3rd in the top division. In the next campaign Akademik finished fourth and reached the final of Bulgarian Cup, losing 0-1 to CSKA Sofia. In 1952 the club's form dropped, however, and they were relegated to B PFG finishing before the last Spartak Varna. In 1963-64 season they won a second promotion to the top division by winning the B PFG. However, the next year they were relegated again.
The third promotion to A PFG in 1969 marked the beginning of Akademik's golden age. From 1969 to 1979 they spent their longest ever period in the top division. In 1974 Akademik won first international throphy, beating Vardar Skopje 2-0 on aggregate in the final of Balkans Cup. In the 1975-76 season the team finished 3rd in the domestic league and qualified for first time in UEFA Cup. At the European level Akademik made a memorable appearance in the second round against Italian giants A.C. Milan, winning 4:3 at home on 20 October 1976. Before reaching the second round of the football competition, the Students eliminated the Czech Slavia Prague respectively. In this period two players from Akademik have played for the Bulgarian national squad during at FIFA World Cup: Ivan Dimitrov in 1970 and Mladen Vasilev in 1974.
In the 1978-79 season Akademik won just six games in the campaign and were relegated. In the next season the team won promotion back to the top division, scoring 100 goals in the campaign. In 1981 the Students qualified for second time in UEFA Cup, where they lost 1-3 on aggregate in the first round against 1. FC Kaiserslautern. In the same 1981-82 season Akademik again relegated. From 1982 to 2010 they spent their longest ever period out of the top division.
After 28 years in the lowers divisions of Bulgarian football, in 2009-10 Akademik finished 2nd in B PFG and the club managed to participate in the play-off for promotion in the A PFG. On May 23, 2010, Akademik surprisingly won the play-off against Nesebar with a result of 2:1 and finally qualified again for the top division.
However, Akademik were relegated from A PFG at the end of the 2010/2011 season after finishing in 15th place.
Honours.
Domestic.
Bulgarian Cup:
Bulgarian A PFG:
B PFG
European.
Balkans Cup
UEFA Cup:

</doc>
<doc id="5997844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997844" title="John Wilmar Pérez">
John Wilmar Pérez

John Wilmar Pérez Muñoz (born 21 February 1970 in Medellín) is a Colombian football (soccer) player.
A central midfielder, effective in winning the ball and passing it forward, Pérez played for the Colombian clubs Independiente Medellín and Deportivo Cali. In 2000 he moved to the Columbus Crew in the United States. After a slow first season in Columbus, Pérez excelled in 2001 while forming the core of a sturdy midfield next to Brian Maisonneuve. He finished the year with 8 goals and 15 assists, earning recognition as the club's Most Valuable Player for the season. In 2002, Pérez experienced a decline in his statistics and playing time, but nonetheless helped the Crew win their first trophy, the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup.
Pérez also represented the Colombian national team and was a participant at the 1992 Summer Olympics, 1997 Copa America, and 1998 FIFA World Cup. He played in all four of Colombia's matches at the Copa America in 1997, but remained on the bench throughout the World Cup the following year.
Honors.
Club.
Columbus Crew

</doc>
<doc id="5997847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997847" title="Salvatore Aronica">
Salvatore Aronica

Salvatore Aronica (born 20 January 1978) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Serie A club Palermo.
Biography.
Aronica spent his early career with Juventus, but he was sent to Crotone on loan. The deal became a co-ownership deal for the 2000–01 and 2001–02 seasons, for €91,000. In June 2002 Aronica returned to Juventus for an undisclosed fee but was loaned to Serie B side Ascoli with an option to purchase. However, the next season he moved to Messina from Juventus along with Luigi Lavecchia and Andrea Gentile in another co-ownership deal. Aronica was valued €1 million at that time, thus Messina purchased half for €500,000. In June 2006, Messina purchased Aronica for an undisclosed fee (around €240,000 to €300,000) and Lavecchia and Gentile outright for free. However, in July 2006 he was sold to Reggina.
He was signed by Napoli on 1 September 2008, for €2,675,000, With the departure of Maurizio Domizzi and Erminio Rullo, Aronica was featured as left central back or left wingback ahead of Mirko Savini in the 3-5-2 formation, shared the role with Luigi Vitale (as left wingback).
In 2010-11 season he started to play with Paolo Cannavaro and Hugo Campagnaro consistently. Although they played well that season, in the following season the squad's lack of depth made it difficult to face both 2011–12 UEFA Champions League and 2011–12 Serie A, making the club slip from a third place finish in 2010–11 to fifth place in 2011-12.
In May 2012 Aronica renewed his contract (1+1 year).
On 29 December 2012 he moved to Palermo, signing a contract until 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="5997854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997854" title="Luciano Bivar">
Luciano Bivar

Luciano Bivar (*Recife, 29 November 1944 -) was the PSL candidate for the 2006 Brazilian presidential election. His political platform included projects such as the end of income tax in favour of a unique tax on products and services, and also building military barracks in Brazilian favelas. He received 0.06% of the total vote in the first round and did not progress to the second round.
As of 2006, he is the chairman of Sport Club do Recife.

</doc>
<doc id="5997860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997860" title="Exposing to the right">
Exposing to the right

__NOTOC__
In digital photography, exposing to the right (ETTR) is the technique of increasing the exposure of an image in order to collect the maximum amount of light and thus get the optimum performance out of the digital image sensor. The name derives from the resulting image histogram which, according to this technique, should be placed close to the right of its display. Advantages include greater tonal range in dark areas, greater signal-to-noise ratio (SNR), fuller use of the colour gamut and greater latitude during post-production.
ETTR images appear to be overexposed when taken and must be correctly processed (normalized) to produce a photograph as envisaged, therefore care must be taken to avoid clipping within any colour channel, other than acceptable areas such as specular highlights.
The principle is also applied in film photography in order to maximize the negative's latitude and density and achieve richer blacks when the image is printed slightly down.
Background.
ETTR is founded upon the linearity of CCD and CMOS sensors, whereby the electric charge accumulated by each subpixel is proportional to the amount of light it is exposed to (plus electronic noise). Although a camera may have a dynamic range of 5 or more stops, when image data is recorded digitally the highest (brightest) stop uses fully half of the discrete tonal values. This is because a difference of 1 stop represents a doubling or halving of exposure. The next highest stop uses half of the remaining values, the next uses half of what is left and so on, such that the lowest stop uses only a small fraction of the tonal values available. This may result in a loss of tonal detail in the dark areas of a photograph and posterization during post-production. By deliberately exposing to the right and then stopping down afterwards (during processing) the maximum amount of information is retained.
The technique was first described in 2003 by Michael Reichmann on his website, after purportedly having a discussion with software engineer Thomas Knoll, the original author of Adobe Photoshop and developer of the Camera Raw plug-in.
On cameras that have a high noise output from the Analog to Digital Convertor, can be altered to Expose To The Right also. In this situation where you cannot use the shutter and/or aperture to ETTR, and the sensor has not been saturated, you can use ISO to ETTR in the same manner as using shutter and/or aperture. Using ISO in this manner will boost the signal from the sensor to the saturation level of the Analog to Digital Convertor, increasing the Signal to Noise ratio of the output from the Analog to Digital Convertor.
Limitations.
There is a great deal of controversy about the benefits of exposing to the right. The most obvious drawback is the risk of blowing highlights without realizing it. 
In addition, Sham Bhangal, in his blog, "Howgreenisyourgarden" makes a case, complete with exhibits, for the idea that you lose accurate color reproduction when you overexpose then correct the exposure in post-processing, with colors becoming washed out to some degree. The reason, he explains, is "because the red, green and blue components of your image do not change at the same rate as you overexpose and then underexpose the image." Despite this drawback, he agrees that shooting to the right can be worth it when are shooting in low light at high ISOs that are very noisy.
Images exposed to the right will need post-processing to correct the exposure, so there is also some question about the benefits of using the technique when shooting JPEGs.

</doc>
<doc id="5997865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997865" title="Overton Independent School District">
Overton Independent School District

Overton Independent School District is a public school district based in Overton, Texas (USA). In addition to the immediate Overton vicinity, the district serves rural areas in eastern Smith and western Rusk counties. There are three campuses in Overton ISD - Overton High (Grades 9-12), Overton Middle (Grades 6-8), and Overton Elementary (Grades PreK-5).
Overton's athletic mascot are Mustangs, so named for the wild horses which formerly occupied much of the area before it was first settled in 1869. Classified by the University Interscholastic League (for academic and athletic competition) as a 2A school, as of 2014 the Overton Mustangs participate in Division II, District 11[http://www.hendersondailynews.com/sports/realignment-barton-knows-battles-await-in-new-district/article_3e092a6a-8dcf-11e3-b0ae-0019bb2963f4.html] against Fruitvale, Maud, Mount Enterprise, Tenaha and Timpson.
In 2013 Overton High School received secondary Gold Performance acknowledgments for College-Ready Graduates, and was commended in English and Social Studies. Overton Elementary also received Gold Performance acknowledgments and was commended in Math and Science, receiving comparable improvement recognition in reading. The elementary school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Achieving a recognized rating requires meeting a standard of 80 percent or higher on the TAKS tests for each subject and student group.
Athletics.
The Mustang football team competes in Coach Chester Roy Stadium, named in honor of the first African-American member of the faculty following Desegregation. Coach Roy's tenure spanned more than thirty years as a coach and educator, before his passing in 2005 and [http://www.hendersondailynews.com/articles/2009/12/17/opinion/04opinionwed.txt.
Overton's football program is notable for having won at least one district championship in every single decade starting in the 1930s, including a string of state playoff appearances from the 1980s through the 1990s, with the most recent league title coming in 2012.
During the 2008-2009 baseball season, in only their fifth year of existence, the Overton Mustang baseball team reached the state tournament in Round Rock before losing to the eventual state champion. The Mustang baseball team has continued this success into the 2009-2010 season, beginning the year ranked #1 in the state in Class 1A en route to a 30-3 regular season record, a first district championship, and a second consecutive appearance in the state semifinals. The Mustangs have returned to the post-season each year since, advancing to bi-district in 2013.
Academics.
Overton's academic and fine arts programs are notable as well, with the marching band winning numerous state marching competitions throughout its history and the Theatre department making a string of State UIL One Act Play appearances, with a 20-year streak of district championships led by longtime Drama instructor Lillian Cohagen, who retired in 1980 In 1997 OHS won a state Class 1A One Act Play championship with "Confederate Letters", written and directed by Barre Gonzalez[http://www.uil.utexas.edu/academics/archives/96archiv/96ac_oap.html.
A number of OHS graduates have attended prestigious schools of higher learning. In recent years graduates received scholarships to colleges as prestigious as in-state schools Baylor, TCU, Texas A&M and Texas to such nationally-recognized institutions as Vassar College and Stanford[http://www.hendersondailynews.com/articles/].

</doc>
<doc id="5997870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997870" title="Ghayal">
Ghayal

Ghayal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5997878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997878" title="Georg Bredig">
Georg Bredig

Georg Bredig (October 1, 1868, Glogau, Niederschlesien, Silesia Province – April 24, 1944, New York) was a German physicochemist ("Physikochemist").
Life and career.
Education and catalysis research.
Georg Bredig was son to Max Bredig who was a merchant in Glogau. The family was Jewish.
In 1886 he began studying natural sciences at the Albert-Ludwigs-University of Freiburg. After only one term he moved to University of Berlin. There he heard about Wilhelm Ostwald (Leipzig University) and his research about physical chemistry. Fascinated by this branch of research he decided to move to University of Leipzig in autumn 1889 where he learned from Ostwald and did his doctorate in 1894. After working at the laboratory of J. H. van't Hoff in Amsterdam one year and thereafter in Paris with M. Berthelot and in Stockholm with S. Arrhenius he became assistant to W. Ostwald in autumn 1895.
In 1898 Bredig discovered that it is possible to make colloidal solutions of metals usable as catalysts and therefore can be called founder of catalytic research. With his work about the inorganic ferments how he called it according to biological enzymes he habilitated 1901 in Leipzig.
Research at Heidelberg and Zurich.
In 1901 Bredig married Rosa Fraenkel with whom he had two children, a son called Max Albert and a daughter called Marianne.
In the same year he was appointed as associate professor at University of Heidelberg where he was the first professor for physical chemistry.
At Heidelberg Bredig was able to do research on his own behalf which lead to great progress in catalytic research. He also did his best in teaching and attracted many young, talented scientists from all over the world.
In his time at Heidelberg Bredig was the first to selectively synthesize specific stereoisomer molecules.
In 1910 Bredig was appointed as full professor at ETH Zurich.
Karlsruhe.
Only one year later Bredig was appointed as professor for physical chemistry at the technical university of Karlsruhe following Max Le Blanc who became successor to Ostwald in Leipzig and Fritz Haber who became Headmaster of the newly founded Kaiser Wilhelm-Institute for physical chemistry in Berlin.
Initially Bredig got a lot of public recognition. But with World War I the work in Bredig's institute came to a halt. Although he got the honorary doctor title from the university of Rostock the postwar-period was dominated by time-consuming teaching duties and extensive administrative work. Amongst others because he became Headmaster for the Term 1922/23.
In his inaugural speech Bredig revealed his political attitude which could be described as liberal-democratic, professed pacifism and demanded the “United States of Europe”. This attitude caught attention of national socialists and in the following Bredig had to suffer hostilities. 
Because of heavy disease he had to undergo surgery twice in 1924 and 1929/30 however he recovered quickly so he was able to return to his work soon.
Persecution and exile.
In 1933 Bredig's wife died and in the same year the national socialists came into power ending his teaching and research activities. Nevertheless he stayed in Karlsruhe. His son Max Albert emigrated to USA in 1937. During the Novemberpogrome Georg Bredig and his son-in-law Dr. Viktor Homburger, husband of his daughter Marianne were arrested amongst 500 Jews in Karlsruhe. 
In 1939 Bredig was persuaded to leave Germany for the Netherlands by his daughter and son. With help from his long-time friend Professor Ernst Cohen he got the entry permit. From the Netherlands he got to the USA in 1940 where he stayed with his son in New York until he died on April 24, 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="5997880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997880" title="Laneville Independent School District">
Laneville Independent School District

Laneville Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Laneville, Texas (USA).
Laneville ISD has one school, Laneville School that serves students in grades Pre-Kindergarten though twelve.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5997889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997889" title="Laneville, Texas">
Laneville, Texas

Laneville is an unincorporated community in south central Rusk County, Texas, United States.
History.
The town came into being as a crossroads community in the 1880s. The intersection of four "lanes" furnished the town's name. The town was granted a post office in 1888. Today, the "four" lanes are FM 225 and FM 1798
Education.
The community of Laneville is served by the Laneville Independent School District and home to the Laneville High School Yellow Jackets.

</doc>
<doc id="5997892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997892" title="Accolade's Comics">
Accolade's Comics

"Accolade's Comics" is an adventure game released in 1987. Published by Accolade and developed by Distinctive Software, the game intersperses arcade-style games into its plot. "Computer Gaming World" disliked the repetitive action sequences, but admired the game's satirical tone and writing.
Game play.
The protagonist of the game is Steve Keene, a man fashioned as a wisecracking secret agent. Game play involves multiple adventures in two arenas: panels of a comic book page where dialogue and actions are selected for Steve that may or may not determine what will happen on the next panel (similar to the Choose Your Own Adventure book format); and traditional scrolling action boards where Steve is a moving character doing the physical task necessary (e.g. swimming, jumping, shooting) to advance through the stage. Steve can lose a life inside the comic page portions as well as the motion portions.

</doc>
<doc id="5997906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997906" title="Ede Király">
Ede Király

Ede Király (23 February 1926 – 10 August 2009) was a Hungarian figure skater. He was born in Budapest. As a solo skater he won two silver medals and a bronze at the World Figure Skating Championships, placing second behind Dick Button twice. He also was European men's champion in 1950. In pairs, he and Andrea Kékesy won the silver medal at the 1948 Winter Olympics. The following year they won gold at the European Championships. In the 1950s he became a coach in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5997909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997909" title="Ovidiu Stîngă">
Ovidiu Stîngă

Ovidiu Stîngă (born 5 December 1972 in Craiova) is a retired Romanian football player and current manager.
Club career.
He began his football career at Viitorul Craiova. In 1990, he made his league debut for Universitatea Craiova at the age of 17, in a match against Corvinul Hunedoara. By the end of the season he was loaned to Jiul IELIF Craiova, and returned in the summer of 1991 to U'Craiova. In the 1992–93 season he was the team's best player and took third place in the league and his side won the Romanian Cup.
In summer 1995, he went abroad to Spain at UD Salamanca. He debuted in Primera División on 3 September against Espanyol Barcelona winning 3–1. At Salamanca he scored 11 goals, being the second leading scorer in the team, but the club finished last and were relegated to Segunda División.
In 1996, Stîngă joined Dutch side PSV Eindhoven. In his first season in the Eredivisie, he played only seven matches. In the 1997–98 season, he was one of the key players for PSV as they finished runners-up in the Dutch Championship. In 1998, he suffered a serious injury, which resulted a year break in the 1998–99 season and appeared once on the pitch. In 2000 and 2001, with PSV Stîngă won two consecutive Dutch Championship titles as well the Dutch Super Cup.
In summer of 2001 he returned to Romania signing with Dinamo Bucharest with whom he won league title. The next two seasons he spent at U.Craiova, returning after 7 years. He was loaned for the 2004–05 season to the Dutch Eerste Divisie side Helmond Sport. In 2006 he was player and manager for U'Craiova in the Romanian second division. He helped his team to get promoted in the first league in the 2006–07 season, before ending his career.
National career.
Stîngă made his debut on 31 January 1993 in a friendly game against Ecuador played in Guayaquil. In 1994, he was named in Romania's squad for the World Cup in the United States, but didn't play any game. In 1996, he was called by Anghel Iordănescu at the European Championship in England, where he played one match against Spain. He also represented his country at World Cup 1998 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="5997913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997913" title="Mount Enterprise Independent School District">
Mount Enterprise Independent School District

Mount Enterprise Independent School District is a public school district based in Mount Enterprise, Texas (USA). The district serves Mount Enterprise and portions of unincorporated Rusk County.
There is one campus in Mount Enterprise ISD - it serves both Mount Enterprise High (Grades 7-12) and Mount Enterprise Elementary (Grades PK-6).
The University Interscholastic League classifies MEISD as a "1A" school district.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5997926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997926" title="Alma Juventus Fano 1906">
Alma Juventus Fano 1906

Alma Juventus Fano 1906, commonly known as Fano, is an Italian association football club located in Fano, Marche. The club currently plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
History.
The club was founded in 1906 as Società Ginnastica Alma Juventus Fano, named by a professor of Latin "Liceo Guido Nolfi" di Fano.
The first team was called Fanum Fortunae and followed by Emilio Caiani of Milan who imported the not so famous football.
On May 13, 1915 in Circolo di San Paterniano, the city's patron, was born Alma Juventus Football Club among young players.
In 1925 the company raced the first regional championship of Marche, Terza Divisione.
In 1930 was inaugurated the new stadium "Borgo Metauro" now entitled to a player who played in the series of Fano further, Raffaele Mancini.
In 1935 it competed for the first time in Serie C, playing against famous teams such as Venezia, Vicenza, Rimini, Udinese, Treviso, Ancona, Mantova. That year, it also played a game against Milan.
During the fascist, eagle with the beam was the symbol of the team. After World War II the beam was replaced with the coat of arms.
Fano spend many years in Serie C1 and Serie C2, but didn't achieve promotion to Serie B. Some years Fano had been relegated to Serie D.
In the 2008-09 season Fano, which was playing in Serie D, after have been leading the championship for many turns, in the last days was exceeded by Pro Vasto, and finished second in the league, a position that allowed it to play in the playoffs and to participate in the 2009-10 Coppa Italia against Lumezzane.
In the 2009-2010 season the company was repechange in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione after the failure of some companies. The last three seasons in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione Fano played in this category.
Colors and badge.
The club's official color is garnet, a dark red color.
Home stadium.
Stadio Raffaele Mancini, (1930–present)
Via Metauro, Fano, Italy 61032
The Raffaele Mancini stadium exists since 1930 and hasn’t changed much since then. Only the main grandstand received cover and over 500 seats, while to remaining stands, one alongside and one at end-side, remain uncovered terracing. When opened, it was commonly known as Borgo Metauro, but later adapted the name of Stadio Raffaele Mancini, honoring a player that ended his carrier with the team.

</doc>
<doc id="5997928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997928" title="Herbert Westfaling">
Herbert Westfaling

Herbert Westfaling (also spelled Westphaling, 1531/2 – 1 March 1602), was Anglican Bishop of Hereford and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford.
Westfaling was born in London, England, the son of Harbert Westphaling, whose family originated in Westphalia (Germany). He studied at Christ Church, Oxford from the age of 15, graduating with a BA in 1551 and MA in 1555. He went on to take a BTh in 1561, and DTh in 1566. He was ordained in February 1562 by Bishop of London Edmund Grindal, and subsequently appointed a Canon of Christ Church, Oxford. At the end of 1562, he was appointed Lady Margaret's Professor of Divinity, but remained in the post for only a little over a year. After continuing his career in the church he was appointed Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford in June 1576, and as a Canon at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle the following May.
After his consecration as Bishop of Hereford on 30 January 1586, Westfaling became known for his zeal in confronting Roman Catholics and others whose religious practises he viewed as suspect, criticising Hereford's vicars choral for their use of "superstitious" images and pictures. He was also noted for the gravity and academic tone of his preaching. In 1592 he preached before Elizabeth I in the university church. Despite the Queen twice ordering him to cut his oration short to allow her to deliver a speech, Westfaling refused to be hurried and the Queen's speech was postponed until the next day.
Westfaling was the author of a collection of sermons entitled "A Treatise of Reformation in Religion", and also authored a number of poems in English and Latin, now in the library of the University of Cambridge.
Westfaling died in Hereford on 1 March 1602, and an impressive and austere effigy marks the location of his burial in the north transept of Hereford Cathedral. His will included generous provisions for his servants and for the poor of the city of Hereford and his parish at Whitbourne. He also endowed two fellowships and scholarships at Jesus College, Oxford, on the condition that ""my kindred shallbe always preferred before anie others"".

</doc>
<doc id="5997931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997931" title="Roger Tamraz">
Roger Tamraz

Roger Tamraz (Arabic: روجيه تمرز) is an international banker and venture capital investor who has had an active business career in oil and gas in the Middle East, Europe, Asia and the United States since the early 1960s. Born in 1940 in Cairo, Egypt to Lebanese parents, Tamraz grew up speaking fluent English, French and Arabic. His early schooling was at the prestigious English School in Cairo. He subsequently attended the American University in Cairo, Cambridge University in a Ph.D. program, and the Institut Européen d’Administration (INSEAD) in Fontainebleau, France. He received an MBA in 1966 from Harvard Business School, where his classmates included many future leaders in Western and international governments and businesses.
Tamraz served for many years as a member of the Board of Trustees of the American University in Cairo, where he endowed a number of named scholarships for Egyptian students of exceptional promise.
Tamraz was nominated as Governor of the Central Bank in 1988. 
He became a U.S. citizen in 1989.
Lebanon: Intra Bank and Bank Al Mashrek.
Tamraz's first notable business enterprise was in 1967, when as an executive of the Wall Street investment bank Kidder, Peabody & Co., he successfully refloated a large Lebanese bank called Intra Bank, which had become insolvent in 1966. The bank had been founded in Beirut in 1951 by Yousef Beidas and three partners as a currency trading house named International Traders. The bank stopped payments on October 14, 1966. The collapse of the bank brought the Lebanese economy to a halt and sent shockwaves throughout the Middle East. Intra Bank accounted for 15% of total bank deposits and 38% of all deposits with Lebanese-owned banks. It owned nine other banks, controlled 35 companies and employed 43,000 people at the time of its collapse.
The collapse was followed by its restructuring, under a plan known as the “Kidder Peabody Plan,” which was engineered by Tamraz (who served for years as its chairman and chief executive officer), under which the deposit obligations of the old Intra Bank were replaced with shares in a new company named Intra Investment Company (IIC), one of the major sovereign wealth investment companies in the Middle East. The major shareholders of IIC were the Lebanese government, along with the governments of Kuwait, Qatar and the United States, all of which had been major depositors in the former bank. IIC remained a major shareholder in key institutions such as Middle East Airlines (Tamraz was the Vice Chairman of the airline for a number of years, with special responsibility for its finances, banking relationships and aircraft purchases), Casino du Liban and Bank Al Mashrek, which carried out the remaining banking operations. Kidder Peabody continued to advise the board of IIC until 1973 under an advisory contract, at which time the relationship was discontinued.
SUMED, Bank of the Commonwealth, Tamoil, Meurice, Baku-Ceyhan.
After leaving Intra Bank in the early 1970s, Tamraz continued his investment banking activities, dealing with most major companies and governments in the area. His early background gave him an unusual ability to bridge East and West, while his educational background and fluency in Arabic quickly made him a trusted banker and adviser throughout the Middle East.
Working with the government of Kuwait, for instance, he reorganized Gulf Fisheries, a company with over 200 ocean-going fishing vessels worldwide, and supervised and priced its takeover by the Kuwaiti government. At the same time, he also worked with Egypt Air and the Egyptian government to completely re-equip the airline’s fleet with new Boeing passenger aircraft.
Tamraz acquired ownership of Chantiers Navals de la Ciotat (CNC), the second-largest shipyard in France, in the early 1970s. This company was one of the early pioneers in the construction of LNG vessels for oceangoing natural gas transport, and also specialized in submarines, patrol boats and other military platforms. In addition, the yard constructed very large crude carriers (VLCC5) and conventional bulk cargo vessels for the civilian maritime industry.
In the 1970s, Tamraz conceived, financed and built the well-known long Suez-Mediterranean (SUMED) Pipeline in Egypt, considered as “one of the world’s greatest engineering feats”, a pipeline designed to run parallel to the blocked Suez Canal, which had been closed since the 1967 Arab-Israeli war. Using Bechtel Corporation as prime contractor, the pipeline, which comprises two parallel 42-inch lines, was opened in 1978 with a capacity of . Completion of an additional pumping station in 1994 increased capacity to its current .
Concurrently with the SUMED project, Tamraz conceived and financed the world’s largest chemical methanol plant in Jubail, Saudi Arabia in partnership with Japan’s Itochu Corporation and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. Tamraz continued subsequently as an advisor to Itochu senior management, especially on Middle East energy strategy. The methanol project included a five-year, preferential crude oil supply contract for Japan that was signed with the Saudi government during the 1973 oil crisis.
In 1976, Tamraz moved into United States financial markets with his acquisition of Bank of the Commonwealth, a Michigan-based bank with 50 branches. He strengthened and expanded the bank until 1983, when it was merged into the founding of Comerica, Inc., now one of the largest super-regional U.S. bank holding companies. The merger made Tamraz the largest single shareholder in Comerica at the time, before selling out to finance the Tamoil acquisition described below. Comerica currently has assets of $64 billion and a market capitalization of $5.6 billion.
By the early 1980s, Tamraz became the 100% owner of the Meurice Hotel Group in Paris, which owned the Meurice (Hôtel Meurice, Prince de Galles and Grand Hotels, as well as the famed Cafe de la Paix. At the time, the 1,000 rooms of these three hotels comprised 25% of all the luxury hotel rooms in Paris. The properties were sold to Grand Metropolitan Hotel Corporation of London in the mid-1980s.
Also during the 1980s, Tamraz founded and built Europe’s Tamoil Corporation by purchasing and combining all of the Italian assets of Amoco (Standard Oil Company of Indiana) and of Texaco Corporation (1,000 service stations each). Prior to selling, he expanded the company to 3,000 service stations, three refineries, an extensive pipeline distribution system and a refining capacity of of oil per day. Tamoil today has annual sales of $20 billion and a market capitalization of $6.3 billion.
In the early 1990s, after the Soviet Union loosened its grip on Central Asia, Tamraz was the originator of the Baku-Ceyhan (Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline) considered as “one of the great engineering endeavours”, an oil pipeline project, to move of Caspian Sea oil to the Mediterranean Sea and thus to world markets. Tamraz managed to obtain support for the proposed pipeline from Turkmen President Niyazov, Azerbaijan's President Heydar Aliyev, and Turkey's Prime Minister, Tansu Çiller, and Turkey's Botas company. Tamraz's companies negotiated and signed the original pipeline right-of-way transit agreement with the Government of Turkey. This agreement was essential to the success of the project, which was eventually completed by BP after its purchase of Amoco, with which Tamraz had been cooperating in the Central Asian area. During this period, Tamraz acquired equity ownership positions in Turkmenistan’s Blocks I and II two of that country’s major oil and gas producing properties. These fields have reserves of of gas and of oil, with 1,400 working wells, and currently produce two billion cubic feet per day of natural gas.
Netoil, Tamoil and Net Oil Oman.
Recently, Roger Tamraz’s Netoil group of companies has been in discussions with Libya to buy back Tamoil 
Tamraz's strategy is to use the Tamoil acquisition to expand Netoil's existing energy businesses, which operate in the Middle East and Asia primarily through Netoil's Tamgaz subsidiary.
Netoil is currently in the construction phase of a large seaborne floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) project in the Gulf of Oman that will transform natural gas purchased in Oman into LNG, which it will ship to export markets in Asia and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="5997937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997937" title="Ghayal (1990 film)">
Ghayal (1990 film)

Ghayal is a 1990 Indian Hindi action film starring Sunny Deol and Meenakshi Seshadri. The film was produced by Dharmendra and directed by Rajkumar Santoshi. The film won seven Filmfare Awards, including the Best Movie award. Ghayal clashed with Aamir Khan's Dil. Ghayal did excellent at the box office, it was rated "Super Hit". It was also the second highest grossing Bollywood film of 1990. "Ghayal" was remade in Tamil as "Bharathan" in 1992 with Vijaykanth and Bhanupriya in lead roles, in Telugu as "Gamyam" in 1998 with Srikanth and in Kannada as "Vishwa" with Shivrajkumar. Sunny Deol got National Film Award-special Jury Award.
Synopsis.
Amateur boxer Ajay Mehra (Sunny Deol) is living with his brother Ashok Mehra (Raj Babbar) and sister-in-law Indu Verma (Moushumi Chatterjee) in Mumbai. Ashok is a businessman who is facing some trouble at his business, but hides this from his wife and Ajay. Later Ajay is sent to Bangalore for training.
One fine day Ajay gets a message that his brother is in Bangalore. When he reaches the hotel he finds that Ashok has already left without leaving any message from him. Later that day he receives a call from Ashok, who is in an inebriated state, is trying to tell him something which is been troubling him for a long time but the phone cuts abruptly. When he returns from Bangalore, he finds that his brother missing. His inquiries and a police complaint only lead him to frustration and violent outbursts. Sometime later he comes across Ashok's friend (Annu Kapoor), a drug addict, who reveals all the dark secrets. Earlier when Ashok had faced losses in his business, a reputed businessman Balwant Rai (Amrish Puri) had come to his rescue. Balwant becomes a partner in Ashok's company and settles all the debt. This arrangement is in fact a cover for Balant's illegal activities. Balwant routinely traps honest people to provide cover for his illegal business and Ashok is one of his innocent victims. Initially when Ashok resists, Balwant threatens him of dire consequences, but Ashok persists with his requests to shut down illegal trade. Later, Ashok collects evidence to frame Balwant and that's where the trouble starts. Balwant kidnaps Ashok and tortures him to reveal where he has kept the evidence.
Somehow the henchmen of Balwant find out incriminating evidence and Balwant instantly kills Ashok. Ajay is later framed for the murder and accused of having an illicit relationship with his sister-in-law. Ajay realizes in the court that the roots of evil are very deep and even his near ones have turn hostile towards him. His faith in law is crushed and he seeks justice. His sister-in-law is not able to bear trauma and commits suicide. While in jail, Ajay makes friends with some other hardcore convicts, who are good at heart. Then one day, they escape the jail by overpowering the guards. Then begins Ajay's fight for justice, to take down the main villain Balvant Rai. One by one he takes down the cronies of Balwant who had framed him in the murder. The film ends with form of poetic justice, where Ajay kills Balwant in an amusement park in front of people and police who are meek witnesses.
Soundtrack.
Music was created by noted music composer Bappi Lahiri. A song from the movie, "Sochna Kya, Jo Bhi Hoga Dekha Jaayega" (What To Worry, Whatever Happens Will Be Seen) in the voices of Kumar Sanu, Shabbir Kumar and Asha Bhosle used the music of Llorando se fue which was later made popular by Lambada. A woeful version of the song is "Saath Hain Hum Sab Isse Badi Kya Khushi" sung independently and sedately by Kumar Sanu. Another song, "Mangta Hai Toh Aaja Rassiya" rendered tersely in the movie originally occurs in the 1978 film Inkaar.
Sequel.
A sequel named "Ghayal Returns" is announced. The production of the sequel has faced problems, but Sunny Deol has said that he is determined to make the film.

</doc>
<doc id="5997943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997943" title="Karl Schakel">
Karl Schakel

Karl Schakel (20 October 1921 – 10 September 2002) was an American engineer and rancher. He was also a director of the Pioneer Fund.
Schakel graduated from Purdue University and was later a founder of a weapons systems and aeronautical engineering company. Later he was founder of a ranching-farming company operating in 12 countries on five continents.

</doc>
<doc id="5997951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997951" title="S.P. Grottammare 1899">
S.P. Grottammare 1899

Società Polisportiva Grottammare 1899 is an Italian association football club located in Grottammare, Marche. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are white and light blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5997958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997958" title="Priddy">
Priddy

Priddy is a village in Somerset, England in the Mendip Hills, close to East Harptree and north-west of Wells. It is in the local government district of Mendip.
The village lies in a small hollow near the summit of the Mendip range of hills, at an elevation of nearly above sea-level, and has evidence of occupation since neolithic times. There are also the remains of lead mining activities and caves in the limestone beneath the village.
It is the venue for the annual Folk Festival and Sheep Fair, which has been held here since 1348.
Etymology.
Priddy, with medieval variations of spellings such as Predy, Priddie, Pridi, Pridia, Pridie and Prydde, is a name that has been ascribed to the Welsh influence that pre-dated the arrival of the Saxon English. It has been particularly attributed to pridd (= "earth"). This might be suggestive of the Iron Age mining activities. The Latin words pratum (= a meadow) and praedium (= a farm) have given rise to such Alpine names as Preda and Prada and it has been suggested that they are also the root for the cymric words prydd, pryddion meaning "production", as with a fertile meadow. "Priddy" could just mean "meadow land".
An alternative explanation is 'The high water' from the Celtic "prid" and the Old English "ea", and another alternative suggests it could come from the Welsh word
preiddiau, pronounced preidhye, meaning flock or herd.
History.
In 1977 a Mesolithic hut site was excavated at Priddy. Nearby are the Priddy Circles a Stone circle or Henge monument, which appears to be contemporary with Stonehenge, i.e. Neolithic circa 2180 BC. The North Hill location of two round barrow cemeteries, Ashen Hill and Priddy Nine-Barrows which are neighbours of the Circles, would seem to imply that the area to the north-east of Priddy held ritual significance into the Bronze Age. South of the village at Deer Leap is a Bronze age burial mound and the remains of a medieval settlement of Ramspit. Drove Cottage Henge is a Neolithic ceremonial location to the east of the village.
Lead was being worked as far back as 300 to 200 BC. The area east and north-west of the village shows extensive patches of "gruffy ground". The word "gruffy" derives from the grooves that were formed where the lead ore was extracted from veins near the surface. The relatively easy opencast extraction of lead was a strong attraction for the Romans. Lead ingots found in the neighbourhood have been dated to AD 49. The ruins of St Cuthbert's Leadworks which closed in 1908 can still be seen.
Although the village is not mentioned in the Domesday Book it appears to be the subject of a lost Saxon charter of the late 7th or 8th century.
The parish was part of the hundred of Wells Forum.
Since the 1920s, the kennels for the Mendip Farmers' Hunt fox hounds have been based near the village, but the hunt is planning to relocate them to Chewton Mendip, a move which is facing significant local opposition.
The group starts a number of fox hunts from the village green, including one on Boxing Day.
In April 2013 the stack of sheep hurdles on the green was set alight in an arson attack. In July 2013, locals remade The Hurdles.
Governance.
The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of Mendip, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Wells Rural District, which is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, policing and fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
It is also part of the Wells county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election, and part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects seven MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.
Geography.
Priddy Pools, a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), were originally formed when the Romans started mining lead in the area. Priddy Caves are also an SSSI with the entrance to Swildon's Hole just outside the village. Priddy Mineries is a Nature Reserve as is Chancellor's Farm. The other caves of the Mendip Hills in and around Priddy include: Eastwater Cavern, Hunter's Hole, St Cuthbert's Swallet, and Wigmore Swallet.
Religious sites.
The Church of St Lawrence dates from the 13th century, with some rebuilding in the 15th century and was restored in 1881–1888; it is a Grade I listed building. The three bells in the church were augmented to five in 1997. The church includes a medieval altar frontal.

</doc>
<doc id="5997967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997967" title="Carlisle Independent School District">
Carlisle Independent School District

Carlisle Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Price, Texas (USA).
The district is located in west central Rusk County and extends into a small portion of Cherokee County.
Carlisle ISD has one school that serves students in grades Pre-K though twelve.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5997973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997973" title="Price, Texas">
Price, Texas

Price is an unincorporated community in west central Rusk County, Texas, United States.
The Carlisle Independent School District serves area students.

</doc>
<doc id="5997974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997974" title="S.S. Maceratese 1922">
S.S. Maceratese 1922

Società Sportiva Maceratese 1922 (formerly Associazione Calcio Maceratese and Fulgor Maceratese 1922) is an Italian football club located in Macerata in the Marche region. It currently plays in Serie D but in the past played in the Italian Football Championship (1925–1926), in Serie B and many years in Serie C.
History.
From U.C. Maceratese to A.C. Maceratese.
The club was founded in 1922 as U.C. Maceratese after the merger of the four main teams in the city: Helvia Recina, Macerata, Robur Macerata and Virtus Macerata. 
In the summer 2001 it has changed its name to A.C. Maceratese. 
In 2009 the club went bankrupt.
From Fulgor Maceratese 1922 to S.S. Maceratese 1922.
In the summer 2009 the club was refounded as Fulgor Maceratese 1922.
In the summer 2010 it has changed its name with the current denomination.
In the season 2011-12 the club was promoted to Serie D after have won Eccellenza Marche.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5997979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997979" title="Saracco">
Saracco

Saracco can have several meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="5997983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997983" title="Superstars and Cannonballs">
Superstars and Cannonballs

Superstars and Cannonballs is a DVD/VHS released in 2001 after the Superstars & Cannonballs tour in Brisbane by Savage Garden. It predominantly consisted of tour footage, however also contained a short documentary, "Parallel Lives".
The DVD is approximately 110 minutes in duration and, as well as the tour and short documentary, includes 3 bonus music videos ("I Knew I Loved You", "Crash and Burn" and "Affirmation"). The footage of 11 cameras, eventually lent clips to the music video of the single "Affirmation". The name Superstars and Cannonballs is taken from a part of "The Animal Song" lyrics.
Tagline.
"The Complete Concert. The Unedited Documentary. The World Premiere of the "Music Video" Event of the Year."

</doc>
<doc id="5997992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5997992" title="Morro d'Oro Calcio">
Morro d'Oro Calcio

Morro d'Oro Calcio is an Italian association football club based in Morro d'Oro, Abruzzo. They currently play in Prima Categoria. Their official colors are white and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5998003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998003" title="Hendrik Jut">
Hendrik Jut

Hendrik Jut (July 19, 1851 – June 12, 1878) was a murderer from The Hague. He killed two people and gained notoriety in the country comparable to Lizzie Borden in the United States or William Palmer in Britain. 
He has become a part of Dutch folk culture and a carnival "strength tester" called the "Kop van Jut" ("Head of Jut", hitting a block with a large mallet, causing a bell to be rung if the blow is powerful enough) is said to be named after him. In English it is called the High striker. Hendrik Jut's head was kept in a jar and was long on display in an anatomical museum attached to Groningen University but apparently was discarded after the bottle started leaking. There is however a cast of his head still extant.

</doc>
<doc id="5998006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998006" title="Tears of Pearls">
Tears of Pearls

"Tears of Pearls" is a song by Savage Garden, released as the seventh and final single taken from their eponymous self-titled debut album. The song was later included on the remix disc of "The Future of Earthly Delites" as the Tears on the Dancefloor Mix. There are two distinct versions of this mix; the original, and a version included on later pressings of the album, containing more reverb on the vocals.
Background.
The single was available exclusively in selected areas of Europe. The music video for "Tears of Pearls" features tour footage from the group's Future of Earthly Delites tour. It was directed by Adolfo Doring. The music video features on the group's home video release, "The Video Collection", and in edited form on the VHS release of "The Story So Far". The cover art for the single was also used for the 1998 re-release of "I Want You" in the UK, and the release of "Santa Monica" as a single in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5998009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998009" title="Edmund Street">
Edmund Street

__notoc__
Edmund Street is a street located in Birmingham, England.
Edmund Street is one of a series of roads on the old Colmore Estate which originally stretched from Temple Row in the city centre, around St Phillip's Cathedral, to the northern end of Newhall Street. Originally the estate surrounded New Hall which was occupied by the Colmore family. Edmund was one of the sons. Other roads on the estate are named after some of the other siblings. It was formerly known as Little Charles Street and Harlow Street.
Edmund Street extends from Chamberlain Square at its western end to Livery Street and Snow Hill station at its eastern end. It originally continued westwards to Suffolk Street, where it became Broad Street, but in the 1960s this part was redeveloped as Paradise Circus, part of the Inner Ring Road.
Much of Edmund Street is in the "Colmore Row and Environs" Conservation Area and has many listed buildings.
There is a short length of surviving Birmingham Corporation Tramways track between the two Council House/museum blocks.
Notable buildings.
North side.
Numbers 96, 100-102, 158 are also listed buildings.
South side.
Numbers 121-123, 125-131, 133 are also listed buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5998010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998010" title="Mohammad Khakpour">
Mohammad Khakpour

Mohammad Khakpour (, born February 20, 1969 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian football player and now football coach.
Football career.
Khakpour played for a few clubs, including Persepolis FC, Pas Tehran, Vanspor, Geylang United and MetroStars (United States). He played for the Iran national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
After his season long stay at MetroStars, he resided in California where he decided to start a football club, known as "MK Soccer Club".
Coaching career.
He has a National "A" Coaching License. In early August 2006 Khakpour signed as Foolad FC's Assistant Coach under Mohammad Mayeli Kohan for the season 06/07 of the IPL, but left the club after Mayeli Kohan's departure from Foolad.
He was appointed as the head coach of Steel Azin in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5998011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998011" title="Fundi (politics)">
Fundi (politics)

Fundis is short for fundamentalists. The term was used for a faction within the German Green Party. The faction was formed in conflict to the Realo-faction within their party. The term has also been applied to similar conflicts.
General meaning.
The abbreviation Fundi is a label applied to members who tend towards a "fundamentalist" interpretation of its common ideology (e.g. 'green' values), as opposed to the more pragmatic realism of the Realo alternative. Other terms for green Fundis are wild greens or deep greens. They tend towards veganism, a strong animal rights approach and an aversion to traditional political methods, preferring to maintain decentralized grassroots organization over a more centralized system of governance.
German Greens.
In the 1980s and 1990s, a conflict between the Fundis and the Realos with the German Green Party arose. While the Realos, the group around Joschka Fischer, were in favour of moderate policies and cabinet cooperation, the Fundis opposed cabinet cooperation. The Fundis were composed of deep greens and eco-socialists. They did not only oppose cabinet cooperation, but were also in favour of strict term limits.
The term was first used within the Hessen Green party. In the 1982 state elections the party gained 8% of vote, and neither the SPD or the CDU had a majority of their own. In their program Hessen Greens had claimed that there was a "fundamental opposition between the anti-life and anti-democratic politics of the SPD, CDU and FDP." Those who had opposed a coalition with the SPD were called Fundis. The Greens tolerated an SPD-minority government for three years and in 1985 they entered the coalition, a victory for the Realos. Joschka Fischer became their minister.
In the same year the Realos also won a victory on the federal level when the party congress adopted a motion, saying that the Greens could "use the full bandwidth of parliamentary possibilities, ranging from opposition to single-party government". At the end of the 1980s the Fundis founded the Left Forum. In 1990 a group of prominent eco-socialists left the party, in 1991 a group of deep greens also left. Some of those joined the PDS and others founded their own party.
In 1998 the Greens joined the cabinet, a final victory for the Realos. In the following years the division between realos and Fundis became less important.
Other uses.
In the Green Party of Canada and the Flemish party Agalev-party the term was also used to describe similar conflicts. In France conflicts between 'Fundi' and 'Realo' led to several splits within the Green Party, resulting in a 'pleiade' of green parties.

</doc>
<doc id="5998012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998012" title="Hyanide">
Hyanide

The Hyanide is a hybrid motorbike vehicle designed and created by German designers Tilmann Schlootz and Oliver Keller. The motorbike is a combination of dirt bike-snowmobile-four-wheel vehicle concepts which was first showcased at the 2006 Michelin Challenge Design competition. It can move through deep mud, sand and snow terrains via a continuous track. Although only a prototype currently exists as a one-fifth scale model.
Specifications.
The Hyanide has a capacity of about two persons. Its engine is composed of an 60hp 500cc liquid-cooled single-cylinder. The dimensions for the motorbike vehicle is according: 40 (h) x 36 (w) x 90 (l) in. Its weight is estimated to be about 450 to 650 lbs. Also, its top speed is as well estimated to be 75 to 85 mph.
Production.
According to the Hyanide's designers, Tilmann Schlootz and Oliver Keller, there are no current plans to develop and manufacture a production version for the market.

</doc>
<doc id="5998015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998015" title="Cannon Street station rail crash">
Cannon Street station rail crash

The Cannon Street station rail crash was an accident on the British railway system which occurred on 8 January 1991 at Cannon Street station. The accident killed two people and injured 524 others. The 07:58 commuter train composed of elderly Class 415 and Class 416 units from Sevenoaks failed to stop at a dead end on Platform 3 and collided with a buffer stop at around 10 mph.
Inquiry.
A report was compiled of the accident by Her Majesty's Railway Inspectorate. No fault in the train's braking system could be found and the driver, Maurice Graham, was held to blame. He was not tested for drugs until three days after the accident, whereupon traces of cannabis were found in his system. The public inquiry found that there was insufficient evidence to suggest this had caused the accident.
The inquiry found that the cause of the accident was solely that of driver error. The report also made the following observations:

</doc>
<doc id="5998019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998019" title="A.S.D. Penne Calcio">
A.S.D. Penne Calcio

A.S.D. Penne Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Penne, Abruzzo. They currently play in the Italian Promozione. 
Their official colors are white and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5998022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998022" title="VS-50 mine">
VS-50 mine

The VS-50 is a circular plastic cased anti-personnel blast mine, formerly manufactured by the now-defunct Valsella Meccanotecnica SpA, an Italian high-tech defense industry specialized in area denial systems which was also the manufacturer of the Valmara 69 and one of the first industries in the world to implement plastic construction for landmines. The design is similar to the TS-50 and VS-MK2 mine. It is blast resistant and can be used in a minimum metal configuration. Though unlikely to kill, the explosive charge contained within a VS-50 is quite sufficient to destroy the victim's foot: the blast is capable of penetrating 5mm of mild steel leaving a 80mm diameter hole.
Description.
The mine consists of three sections, a bottom section containing the main explosive charge, a middle section which contains the fuze and safety/arming mechanism, and the top section which consists of a neoprene pressure pad. The neoprene pressure pad is sometimes reinforced with an 18 gram mild steel plate, which makes the mine detectable by metal detectors. However, the majority of VS-50s were manufactured as minimal metal mines and are therefore much harder to detect. The case is waterproof and can be used in water up to one metre deep. The mine can be deployed by helicopters or ground vehicles or laid by hand.
Operation.
A sustained downward force of approximately ten kilograms on the pressure plate for a minimum of 0.10 seconds compresses the firing spring and cocks the striker. Continuous downward movement allows the trigger assembly to pivot, slowly forcing the air out of an anti-shock bladder and flips the striker down into the stab sensitive M41 detonator, at which point the mine explodes. 
The air pressure delay mechanism effectively blocks detonation if the force on the pressure plate is of short duration, because air does not have to leave the small anti-shock bladder. This has two direct applications, it allows the mine to be dropped from helicopter mine scattering systems, and it dramatically increases the mine's resistance to explosive based mine clearance techniques. It can therefore be regarded as a blast resistant mine.
VS-50AR & VS-AR4 anti-handling devices.
The VS-50AR is an electronically fuzed version of the mine which contains an integral mercury tilt switch, that operates as an anti-handling device. The VS-50AR has a dummy pressure plate on top and its external appearance is very similar to the VS-50, which has obvious implications for demining personnel. The VS-50AR contains a reduced explosive charge, but which is still sufficient to blow the victim's hands off.
Additionally, Valsella manufactured a completely separate electronic anti-handling device known as the VS-AR4. This was a tilt-operated device, specifically designed to be fitted to any of the following Valsella products: the VS-50 (standard version, not the VS-50AR) and Valmara 69 anti-personnel mines, as well as the VS-1.6 and VS-1.2 anti-tank mines. The VS-AR4 has a series of fuze adaptors which allow it to be screwed into the bottom of any of those mines. It has a 10 minute mechanical arming delay (started by removing a pin) followed by a 30 minute electronic arming delay. The power source is 2 x 1.5v batteries and the operational life is longer than a year.
Generally, the render safe procedure for VS-50 mines with anti-handling devices fitted is to detonate them in situ via a donor charge, or burn through the plastic casing using some form of special incendiary device.
Countries used in.
The mine has been encountered in Afghanistan, Angola, Ecuador, Iraq, Turkey, Kuwait, Lebanon, Peru, Rwanda, Sri Lanka, the Western Sahara, and Zimbabwe.
References.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5998041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998041" title="S.S. Real Montecchio">
S.S. Real Montecchio

Società Sportiva Real Montecchio is an Italian association football club located in Montecchio, "frazione" of Sant'Angelo in Lizzola, Marche. It currently plays in Seconda Categoria. Its colors are white and red.
Real Montecchio faced a successive relegation in 2012, 2013 and 2014, which relegated from Eccellenza Marche, Promozione, Prima Categoria to Seconda Categoria. Real Montecchio relegated from Serie D in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5998047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998047" title="2005–06 Central Coast Mariners FC season">
2005–06 Central Coast Mariners FC season

The 2005-06 season was the first for both the Central Coast Mariners and the Hyundai A-League
Compared with its Sydney rival, the Central Coast Mariners had a far more low-key buildup to the inaugural A-League season. The majority of its squad were experienced players from the defunct National Soccer League. They generally exceeded most expectations, having a very successful season, culminating in two solid displays in the preliminary competitions and reaching the grand final in the A-League.
Players.
First team squad.
"Short term cover"
"Short term cover"
"Short term cover"
"Short term cover"
"Short term cover"
Matches.
Phillips International Soccer Sevens.
The Mariners competed in Phillips International soccer sevens tournament played in Hong Kong. Their group featured three of the biggest teams in the world, PSV, Manchester United and Celtic. The Mariners caused one of the upsets of the tournament by defeating a somewhat understrength Manchester United 2-1.
Club World Cup Qualification Competition.
The Mariners were runners-up to Sydney FC in the qualifying tournament held to determine Australia's entry in the FIFA Club World Cup, losing in the grand final 1-0.
2005 Pre-Season Cup.
Group B

</doc>
<doc id="5998068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998068" title="Murray Deaker">
Murray Deaker

Murray "Deaks" Deaker, ONZM, is a New Zealand sports radio and television talk show host, acclaimed sports author and New Zealand household name. 
Deaker was educated at Dunedin's King's High School, the same school in which fellow broadcaster Peter Montgomery attended.
Deaker was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in 2003. Deaker has acted as a mentor for sports personalities such as Jesse Ryder, a New Zealand cricketer. 
Deaker has conducted a number of high profile interviews, including the last interview with Tiger Woods before his tabloid controversies of 2009. Deaker fell into his own bunker of controversy in 2011, with a racially sensitive slur in reference to a colleague. Despite the NZ Race Relations Commissioner describing the turn of phrase as "Not appropriate" and a weight of public outrage reminiscent of fellow broadcaster Paul Holmes' "Cheaky Darkie" saga and Paul Henry's derogatory comment about an Indian Diplomat with the surname "Dikshit", Deaker's network described the phrase as "widely used". Deaker later apologised, stating "It was a bad choice of words and I apologise unreservedly".
In March 2012, Mr Deaker again became enmeshed in another controversy after allegedly offensive remarks about All Black and Muslim Sonny Bill Williams 
At the end of 2013 Deaker, then aged 68 years, announced he is leaving both Newstalk ZB and his Sky TV programme, Deaker on Sport. "Timing is everything in sport and life. I want to get out while I'm still at the top of my game. There are fresh challenges that I am keen to have a crack at," says Deaker.
Murray Deaker won the Best Sports Presenter at the Radio Awards seven times and was a finalist on 10 other occasions. In 2009 he received the award Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit (ONZM) for Services to Broadcasting. His radio programmes have consistently rated number one.

</doc>
<doc id="5998072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998072" title="Asparagus racemosus">
Asparagus racemosus

Asparagus racemosus (Satavar, Shatavari, or Shatamull) is a species of asparagus common throughout Sri Lanka, India and the Himalayas. It grows one to two metres tall and prefers to take root in gravelly, rocky soils high up in piedmont plains, at 1,300–1,400 metres elevation). It was botanically described in 1799.
Due to its multiple uses, the demand for "Asparagus racemosus" is constantly on the rise. Due to destructive harvesting, combined with habitat destruction, and deforestation, the plant is now considered 'endangered' in its natural habitat.
"Asparagus racemosus" (Shatavari) is recommended in Ayurvedic texts for the prevention and treatment of gastric ulcers, dyspepsia and as a galactogogue. "A. racemosus" has also been used by some Ayurvedic practitioners for nervous disorders.
Shatawari has different names in the different Indian languages, such as Shatuli, Vrishya and other terms. In Nepal it is called Kurilo. The name Shatawari means "curer of a hundred diseases" (shat: "hundred"; vari: "curer").
Leaves, flowers and fruits.
Satavar has small pine-needle-like phylloclades (photosynthetic branches) that are uniform and shiny green. In July, it produces minute, white flowers on short, spiky stems, and in September it fruits, producing blackish-purple, globular berries.
Roots.
It has an adventitious root system with tuberous roots that measure about one metre in length, tapering at both ends, with roughly a hundred on each plant.
Uses.
"Asparagus racemosus" is an important plant in traditional medicine in tropical and subtropical India. Its medicinal usage has been reported in the Indian and British Pharmacopoeias and in traditional systems of medicine such as Ayurveda, Unani and Siddha.
The roots are used in Ayurvedic medicine, following a regimen of processing and drying. It is generally used as a uterine tonic, as a galactogogue (to improve breast milk), in hyperacidity, and as a general health tonic.
Chemical constituents.
Asparagamine A, a polycyclic alkaloid was isolated from the dried roots and subsequently synthesized to allow for the construction of analogs.
Two new steroidal saponins, shatavaroside A and shatavaroside B together with a known saponin, filiasparoside C, were isolated from the roots of "Asparagus racemosus".
Five steroidal saponins, shatavarins VI-X, together with five known saponins, shatavarin I (or asparoside B), shatavarin IV (or asparinin B), shatavarin V, immunoside and schidigerasaponin D5 (or asparanin A), have been isolated from the roots of "Asparagus racemosus".
Isoflavone, 8-methoxy-5,6,4'-trihydroxyisoflavone 7-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside

</doc>
<doc id="5998074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998074" title="Edward Judd">
Edward Judd

Edward Judd (4 October 1932 – 24 February 2009) was a British actor.
Born in Shanghai, China, he and his English father and Russian mother fled when the Japanese attacked China five years later.
His career was at its peak in the 1960s, with a series of leading roles in British science fiction films, including "The Day the Earth Caught Fire" (1961 - a disaster film in which he played an alcoholic reporter during a time when ever larger nuclear explosions could alter the Earth's axis, propelling the Earth towards the sun), "First Men in the Moon" (1964), and "Island of Terror" (1966). As well as starring in these films, he worked as a soap opera actor and performed other character parts on television. His roles in these classic science fiction films were highly praised by audiences and critics alike. Judd was also famous for the 1975 "Think Once, Think Twice, Think Bike" campaign on making motorists aware of the risks faced on the road by motorcyclists. 
Judd's success in "The Day the Earth Caught Fire" saw Columbia Pictures sign him to a long term contract. According to Val Guest though "he was such a pain in the ass to everybody. He had an enormous opinion of himself and he was his own worst enemy. Columbia just loaned him out here and there and then let him go."
Judd appeared regularly on TV. 
Very little is known of his life after the 1970s. He was heard in an episode of the BBC Radio comedy "Drop Me Here, Darling", starring Leslie Phillips, in 1983, as well as playing Barrymore in a televised version of "The Hound of the Baskervilles" the same year, and the BBC Radio play "Philadelphia Moonshine" in 1985. He appeared in the 1988 TV film "Jack the Ripper" as Thomas Arnold.
In the early 1970s, he lived in Cottenham Park Road, Wimbledon. During the 1970s and 1980s, Judd (known as Eddie to some friends, as evidenced in Michael Caine's 2011 autobiography) was a highly respected voice-over artist, used on many mainstream commercials recorded in the recording studios in London's Soho. 
As of 1990, he lived in the Phoenix Hotel in Wimbledon and was a credit officer for a Canadian Investment Bank. He lived at a retirement home in Mitcham in his last years.
He was married twice; his first wife was Gene Anderson, who died in 1965. His second wife was actress Norma Ronald, with whom he had two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="5998078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998078" title="Leon of Sparta">
Leon of Sparta

Leon () was a King of Sparta from 590 to 560 BC.
Name.
"Leon" means "lion". Grandson of Leon had a similar name – Leonidas.
Biography.
Leon is mentioned in the seventh book of "The Histories" by Herodotus. 
He is said to have, like his father, fought to a draw with the Tegeans.
Family.
Leon was the son of King Eurycratides and his Queen and grandson of Anaxander. 
He was succeeded on the throne by his son Anaxandridas II, who managed to defeat Tegea.

</doc>
<doc id="5998087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998087" title="Mehdi Pashazadeh">
Mehdi Pashazadeh

Mehdi Pashazadeh (, born December 27, 1973 in Tehran) is a former Iranian football defender, and now a football coach.
He played for several clubs, including Esteghlal Tehran, Bayer Leverkusen (Germany), Fortuna Köln (Germany), Rapid Wien (Austria) and Sturm Graz (Austria).
He played for the Iran national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Managerial career.
In 2012, he was appointed as Parseh Tehran head coach at Azadegan League for a short period of time. He is currently head coach of Shahrdari Tabriz in Azadegan League.

</doc>
<doc id="5998098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998098" title="Great Ejection">
Great Ejection

The Great Ejection followed the Act of Uniformity 1662 in England. Two thousand Puritan ministers left their positions as Church of England clergy, following the changes after the restoration to power of Charles II. It was a consequence (not necessarily intended) of the Savoy Conference of 1661.
The Act of Uniformity prescribed that any minister who refused to conform to the "Book of Common Prayer" by St. Bartholomew's Day 1662 should be ejected from the Church of England. This date became known as Black Bartholomew's Day, among dissenters, a reference to the fact that it occurred on the same day as the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre of 1572. Oliver Heywood estimated the number of ministers ejected at 2,500. This group included Richard Baxter, Edmund Calamy the Elder, Simeon Ashe, Thomas Case, John Flavel, William Jenkyn, Joseph Caryl, Thomas Brooks, Thomas Manton, William Sclater, Thomas Doolittle and Thomas Watson. Biographical details of ejected ministers and their fates were later collected by the historian Edmund Calamy, grandson of the elder Calamy.
Although there had already been ministers outside the established church, the Great Ejection created an abiding concept of non-conformity. Strict religious tests of the Clarendon code and other penal laws left a substantial section of English society excluded from public affairs, and also university degrees, for a century and a half. Culturally, in England and Wales, nonconformism endured longer than that.
Iain Murray argues that the issue was deeper than "phrases in the Book of Common Prayer and forms of church order," but regarded the "nature of true Christianity." The Bishop of Liverpool, J. C. Ryle, referred to the Ejection as an "injury to the cause of true religion in England which will probably never be repaired".
A Service of Reconciliation was held at Westminster Abbey on 7 February 2012 to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Ejection. Rowan Williams, then Archbishop of Canterbury, preached at the service which was attended by clergy and laity of the Church of England and the United Reformed Church.

</doc>
<doc id="5998100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998100" title="Renato Curi Angolana">
Renato Curi Angolana

Renato Curi Angolana is an Italian association football club located in Città Sant'Angelo, Abruzzo. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1998 after the merger of "Renato Curi", same name of a footballer of Perugia who suddenly died in 1977 during a league match against Juventus (founded in 1978 in Pescara playing in Eccellenza Abruzzo) and "Angolana" (founded in 1948 in Città Sant'Angelo playing in Promozione Abruzzo).
In the season 2004-05 from Eccellenza Abruzzo it was promoted to Serie D.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are black and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5998102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998102" title="Pillsbury">
Pillsbury

Pillsbury may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5998112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998112" title="Frontal Protection System">
Frontal Protection System

A Frontal Protection System (FPS) is a device fitted to the front end of a vehicle to protect both pedestrians and cyclists who are involved in the unfortunate event of a front end collision with a vehicle.
After public concerns about the safety of Bull bars led to governmental pressure on SUV and 4x4 vehicle manufacturers, the Transport Research Laboratory developed a series of tests designed to ensure that minimum safety standards are met on vehicles fitted with them. This test has now become embodied within European Directive 2005/66/EC coming into force in May 2007.
Effectively outlawing traditional metal fabricated Bull Bars; the new legislation has led to the development of more pedestrian friendly products. Various manufacturers have undertaken development using softer, energy absorbing materials. However the overhead of testing has prevented many designs from coming to market.
Naming.
The terminology "Frontal Protection System" derives from three terms:
Operation.
An FPS attaches to the front of a vehicle like a bull bar, but is made of a technical composite of energy-absorbing materials. The composite technology offers an interim solution to vehicle designers, assisting them to meet EC Directive 2003/102/EC Phase 2.
Testing in 2001 showed that steel bull bars could lead to greater risk of injury. Later studies carried out by MIRA, one of the UK's leading testing-facilities, may have proved that the latest development of a vehicle Frontal Protection System can make many 4x4 vehicles safer in the event of front-end collisions with pedestrians or cyclists. Calculations based on these tests show that if fitted to a current large 4x4 vehicle, an FPS could save lives and reduce serious pedestrian-injuries.
This legislation amounts to a defacto ban on Frontal Protection Systems, due to the high cost of compliance and type testing, and the sheer complexity of the law. The type testing procedure can be seen here: http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=CELEX:32009R0631:EN:NOT
At least one small manufacturer of FPS has ceased production in the UK due to the costs of testing exceeding £100,000 per design. They now sell winch bumpers made from solid steel instead, which are not banned. The company behind the push for the change in the law, Concept Mouldings Ltd, ironically went bankrupt due to these high costs of testing the designs.
The Directive 2005/66/EC was repealed with effect from 24 November 2009. http://ec.europa.eu/enterprise/sectors/automotive/documents/directives/directive-2005-66-ec_en.htm

</doc>
<doc id="5998120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998120" title="A.C. Sangiustese">
A.C. Sangiustese

Associazione Calcio Sangiustese was an Italian association football club located in Monte San Giusto, Marche.
History.
It was founded in 1956 and played in 2008–09 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, after having been crowned as Serie D/F winners in 2007–08.
In July 2010, due to the club did not fulfill the financial requirement, the club was expelled from professional league and restarted from Eccellenza.
In the next season in Eccellenza Marche the club was relegated to Promozione and dissolved in the summer 2011.
Colors and badge.
The team's colours are red and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5998125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998125" title="Javad Zarincheh">
Javad Zarincheh

Javad Zarincheh (, born July 23, 1966 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian football player, coach and a football administrator. He is currently assistant coach of Esteghlal. He played for the Iran national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Career.
Zarincheh was considered as one of the best right wing back in the history of Iranian football. However, late in his career he was playing as a sweeper. There was a rumor that Mohammad Mayelikohan, Iran's head coach back in the time, didn't invite him to the national team, due to his hostility with Esteghlal's players. That's why Zarinche was never invited to the national team, when Mayelikohan was the head coach. After Mayelikohan was sacked, Bijan Zolfagharnasab invited him to the national team. In 1998 world cup, he played as the right wing for the Iranian national team. Iran's first goal against the United States was assisted by Zaricheh.
The 1998 world cup competition was his last competition with the national team. 

</doc>
<doc id="5998128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998128" title="Ranganathan Street">
Ranganathan Street

Ranganathan Street is a major commercial street in the neighborhood of T. Nagar, located in Chennai. The street houses several commercial establishments, primarily those involved in the clothing and jewelry industry. It has often been referred to as the most crowded street in Chennai.
History.
What is presently known as Ranganathan Street ought to have been Rangaswamy Iyengar Street after the first resident of that street. It was the usual practice then to name streets after the first resident irrespective of their class, caste or contribution.
Tupil Rangaswamy Iyengar, a retired Civil Servant of the erstwhile Madras Presidency, built his house in early 1920s. When civil authorities approached him for his formal approval the gentleman requested it be named after Lord Ranganatha of Srirangam.
General.
Usman Road is on one end of the street. At the other end is the Mambalam train station. On the street can be found many commercial establishments ranging from street hawkers selling safety pins to big stores selling gold jewelry. Many vegetable vendors also sell their wares on Ranganathan Street.
Throughout the year the street is FULL of people. Traditionally, it is busiest during Deepavali by nature of this street offering consumers the opportunity to purchase a variety of commodities. The most famous among the establishments on Ranganathan Street are the Saravana stores.
Commercial shops.
Some of the commercial shops established in Ranganathan street include:
The street is a famous icon of T. Nagar and due to its proximity to Mambalam railway station, people from all parts of Chennai and Tamil Nadu flock to Ranganathan Street for shopping, especially during festive seasons.
In popular culture.
The critically acclaimed 2010 Tamil film "Angaadi Theru" focuses on the bad working conditions, faced by workers, working in stores on the Ranganathan street.

</doc>
<doc id="5998132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998132" title="Mathew Stokes">
Mathew Stokes

Mathew Stokes (born 22 November 1984) is an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Early life.
Mathew Stokes grew up in Darwin, Australia, with his parents John and Jennifer, and three sisters Jaylene, Anne-Maree and Amy. Stokes' ancestors were Indigenous Australian (Larrakia), Filipino and Spanish. His father is a life member of the Palmerston Magpies, having played 148 games for them in the Northern Territory Football League (NTFL). Growing up, Stokes played basketball, cricket and rugby league, but age restrictions limited his involvement in Australian rules football until he was 11-years old. Stokes' main sporting passion was for basketball, where he played at every junior level growing up and won an under-14s best and fairest award whilst still only seven years of age. When he was finally eligible to play football as an under-14, Stokes forced his way into the Palmerston Magpies senior team at only 14 years of age. In 2002, he was a member of Palmerston's premiership-winning side, and it was then that he began to switch his focus from basketball to football. Stokes' achievements in the local junior leagues saw him selected to represent Australia in the under-17's national team, alongside future AFL players Luke Hodge, Luke Ball and Nick Dal Santo. 
Stokes was overlooked in the 2002 AFL Draft though, and moved to Adelaide to begin playing in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) for Woodville-West Torrens. Taking up a part-time job as a zookeeper off the field, Stokes continued to establish himself in the SANFL over the next three years. His persistence paid off when he was selected with the 61st pick in the 2005 AFL Draft by the Geelong Football Club.
AFL career.
2006.
It was not until his seventh game, making his mark against Port Adelaide in Round 15, 2006, that he kicked two final-term goals to lift Geelong's finals chances, one of which he marked and kicked from 40m out under pressure. For the rest of the year Stokes was inconsistent and as a result was in and out of the team.
In 2006, Stokes played in Geelong's VFL grand final side, losing to the Sandringham Zebras.
2007.
Stokes cemented his spot in Geelong's best 22 players. His best game in the 2007 home-and-away season was against Fremantle, in round 17, when he kicked a career best 5 goals. He was a member of Geelong's 2007 AFL Premiership side, overcoming a dislocated kneecap in the first quarter to make a solid contribution to the team's record 119 point win over Port Adelaide.
2008.
Stokes escaped severe head injuries in a 2008 pre-season practice match against the Brisbane Lions, when in the last quarter he suffered a blow to the head after being tackled by Brisbane midfielder Albert Proud. He was declared OK after being stretchered from the ground, and despite having a sore head, didn't need to be taken to hospital.
Stokes was reported in Geelong's Round 7 clash against the Brisbane Lions, after striking Brisbane's Michael Rischitelli in the match's first quarter. Stokes went on to garner two goals and 12 disposals for the game. At the AFL Tribunal, he accepted a one match suspension for the incident, but due to his poor tribunal record, which includes a four match suspension for an incident in the 2007 pre-season, his ban could not be reduced with an early plea. Stokes went on to play 22 games for 2008 including the loss in the 2008 AFL Grand Final against Hawthorn. He had a career high 31 disps (22 kicks, 9 handballs, 13 marks and 2 goals) in the round 2, 99 point win against Essendon.
2009.
Stokes played 19 games in total for 2009, including the second qualifying final against the Western Bulldogs. He withdrew from the preliminary final against Collingwood due to groin soreness, and as a result of Geelong winning the preliminary final by a large margin and all players performing well, he could not force his selection back into the team for the grand final against St Kilda. 
Stokes later revealed that the decision to withdraw from the preliminary final was driven by "letting down his teammates" in the 2008 Grand Final loss by playing unfit, and stated that: 
His best games of 2009 came against Brisbane in round 5 (13 kicks, 11 handballs, 4 marks and 3 goals); Sydney in round 7 (13 kicks, 8 handballs, 6 marks, 6 tackles and 3 goals) and against Adelaide in round 4 (12 kicks, 11 handballs, 6 marks, 4 tackles and 2 goals). He kicked a season high 4 goals against the Western Bulldogs in round 9. Stokes was ranked 18th in the AFL for goal assists per game in 2009.
Despite interest from the West Coast Eagles to secure Stokes, Geelong re-signed Stokes to a two-year contract extension at the conclusion of the 2009 season.
2010.
The Geelong Football Club has imposed sanctions against Stokes for his drug arrest including being banned from playing for Geelong's AFL team until round eight. Stokes was an automatic inclusion to the team in round eight and played a total of 18 games for the season. His best games came in the round 11 win against West Coast at Subiaco (24 disposals, 16 kicks 8 handballs, 5 marks and a goal); the round 14 win over North Melbourne at Skilled Stadium (28 disposals, 10 kicks 18 handballs and 9 marks); the round 15 win against Hawthorn at the MCG (22 disposals, 12 kicks, 10 handballs, 3 marks and 4 goals) and in the Semi Final victory over Fremantle at the MCG, (22 disposals, 10 kicks, 12 handballs, 6 marks and 3 goals). Stokes was ranked 12th in the AFL for goal assists per game.
Personal life.
Stokes interests outside of football include feral pig shooting, and fishing. Stokes grew up supporting the Collingwood Football Club. His football hero was Nathan Buckley of Collingwood. His overall sporting hero is American basketball player, Josh Howard of the Dallas Mavericks in the NBA,
Growing up, Stokes was close friends with other future AFL players, including Trent Hentschel, Aaron Davey and Alwyn Davey. 
Whilst playing in the SANFL, Stokes worked part-time as a zookeeper, and hopes to return to the profession after his football career. As a result, he studies zoology via correspondence.
On 3 February 2010, Stokes was arrested on charges of possession and trafficking of cocaine. On 27 April 2010, Stokes pleaded guilty to the possession charge in the Geelong Magistrates' Court after a deal between prosecutors and Stokes' lawyers to drop the trafficking charge. Stokes was placed on a 12-month good behaviour bond and ordered to pay $3000 to the court fund. A conviction was not recorded by the magistrate.
Statistics.
! colspan=3| Career totals
! 102
! 1789 (17.5)
! 961 (9.4)
! 828 (8.1)
! 502 (4.9)
! 263 (2.6)
! 153 (1.5)
! 75 (0.7)
Honours and achievements.
Team:
Individual:

</doc>
<doc id="5998159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998159" title="Hugo Hergesell">
Hugo Hergesell

Hugo Emil Hergesell (29 May 1859, Bromberg - 6 June 1938, Berlin) was a German meteorologist.

</doc>
<doc id="5998160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998160" title="Albin Gutman">
Albin Gutman

Albin Gutman (born 17 December 1947 in Novo Mesto) is a Slovene general, who was Chief of the General Staff of the Slovenian Armed Forces (from 1 July 2006 to 5th May 2009). He's the only person in history of Slovenian Armed Forces who was twice on this position (first mandate was from 1993 to 1998).
He is also a veteran of the Slovenian War.

</doc>
<doc id="5998168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998168" title="Jeringonza">
Jeringonza

Jeringonza is a Spanish language game played by children in Spain and all over Latin America. It consists of adding the letter "p" after each vowel of a word, and repeating the vowel. For example, "Carlos" turns into "Cápar-lopos".
For syllables with multiple vowels, usually only the stressed vowel is used. "Australia" becomes "Apaus-trapa-liapa". Some people treat all vowels alike: they would say "Apa-upus-trapa-lipi-apa". Yet another variant inserts the "p"+vowel at the end of all syllables instead of just after the vowel: "Carlos" does not become "Cápar-lopos" in this version, but "Carpa-lospo".
This language game is also known by alternate names in Spanish-speaking countries: "jeringozo" in Argentina and Uruguay, "jerigonzo", "jerigonza" or "jerigoncio" in Chile and Colombia, and so on. In other countries it is called simply "idioma de la pe" (Spanish for "P-language") and in Andalucía, "con la pe" (with the P). Most names derive from the Spanish word jerigonza, which can mean either jargon or gibberish. 
This game, with almost identical rules but using whether the European Portuguese or the Brazilian Portuguese language, is popular with Portuguese and Brazilian children under the name of Língua do Pê (Portuguese for "P-language"), but the word "geringonça" means a complicated, fragile mechanical contraption.
In other Spanish-speaking countries, similar games add other syllables instead of "p"+vowel. There are variants that use "f" instead of "p"; this is the case, for example, in Italian, where the game is called "alfabeto farfallino", meaning "butterfly alphabet", because many modified words sound like "farfalla" (i.e., "butterfly"). Yet other variants add "ti", "cuti" or "chi" before each syllable (thus giving "ticar-tilós" and "tiáus-titrá-tiliá" for the previous examples).
In Puerto Rico, "chi" is used. An example would be: "Tu estas enamorado(a)" ("you are in love"), which would be said: "Chi-tu chi-es chi-tas chi-en chi-amor chi-ado(a)".

</doc>
<doc id="5998174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998174" title="S.S.D. Sansepolcro Calcio">
S.S.D. Sansepolcro Calcio

Società Sportiva Dilettantistica Sansepolcro Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Sansepolcro, Tuscany. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
It was founded in 1921 and refounded in 1978.
The Unione Sportiva Sansepolcro, founded in 1921, failed in 1982 after two consecutive championships played in Serie C2. The legacy of the old society is collected by the Gruppo Sportivo Borgo, who was born in 1978 as a society of pure academy. In 1983 the team is entered in the championship of the Terza Categoria, which won in the 1984-1985 season, promoting to the Seconda Categoria. In 1985-1986 G.S. Borgo was promoted to the Prima Categoria. In 1987-1988, thanks to the 2nd place y in Prima Categoria, gained promotion to Promozione.
The team achieved promotion to Eccellenza in 1991-1992, while in 1993-1994 was promoted to National Amateur Championship or Serie D. Since then the team plays continuously in Serie D.
On 4 July 2000 the team was renamed Altotevere Calcio, part of a project to create a single company based in Sansepolcro, Citta di Castello and with the achievement of professional categories. For various reasons, after only two seasons Altotevere Calcio returns to the old name Sansepolcro Calcio. 
On 20 June 2009 the Sansepolcro won the Scudetto Junior by beating in the final on penalties Savona.
In the 2010-11 Serie D season Sansepolcro gained access to the play-off for promotion in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, but eventually was eliminated.
In the 2012-13 season it plays in Serie D Group E.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and black.

</doc>
<doc id="5998182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998182" title="Thomas-Jean-Jacques Loranger">
Thomas-Jean-Jacques Loranger

Thomas-Jean-Jacques Loranger (February 2, 1823 – August 18, 1885) was a Quebec judge and political figure.
He was born in Yamachiche in Lower Canada in 1823. He studied at the Séminaire de Nicolet, then articled in law with Antoine Polette and was called to the bar in 1844. Loranger first practiced at Trois-Rivières, later joined the office of Lewis Thomas Drummond in Montreal and, in 1858, opened an office with his brothers Louis-Onésime and Jean-Marie. He was named Queen's Counsel in 1854. Loranger was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Laprairie in 1854; he was reelected in 1857. He served on the Executive Council as secretary for Canada East. He opposed the idea of a double majority, where legislation must be approved by a majority of the representatives from both provinces, but believed that legislation affecting one province should be approved by a majority in that province. He supported Montreal as a capital and opposed the choice of Ottawa; this led to the resignation of the government of John A. Macdonald and George-Étienne Cartier in 1858. Loranger continued as a member in the legislature until he was named judge in the Quebec Superior Court in 1863. In 1873, he published the first volume of "Commentaire sur le Code civil du Bas-Canada", a discussion of the civil code of Quebec; a second volume was published in 1879 but the work was never completed. He also contributed articles to legal journals of the time. In 1877, he was named to head a commission to codify the general statutes of Quebec. Loranger retired in 1879 and became professor at the Université Laval. In 1883 and 1884, he published a two volume work on the federal constitution.
He died in Sainte-Pétronille in 1885 and was buried in the Côte-des-Neiges cemetery in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="5998183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998183" title="Ladislav Lipič">
Ladislav Lipič

Ladislav Lipič (born 30 November 1951 in Murska Sobota) is a Slovene major general, who in his career was:
He is also a veteran of the Slovenian War.

</doc>
<doc id="5998185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998185" title="1981 riots">
1981 riots

1981 riots may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5998189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998189" title="William Ramsey">
William Ramsey

William Ramsey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5998194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998194" title="Eugen Piwowarsky">
Eugen Piwowarsky

Eugen Piwowarsky (November 10, 1891 - November 17, 1953) was a German metallurgist.
Piwowarsky was born in Leschnitz, Prussian Silesia, and educated at the Technische Hochschule Breslau. He taught at RWTH Aachen and died in Aachen.

</doc>
<doc id="5998195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998195" title="Mehrdad Minavand">
Mehrdad Minavand

Mehrdad Minavand Chal (, born November 30, 1975 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian football player, and currently a pop singer. He played on the left side.
Football career.
Club career.
He played for a few clubs, including Keshavarz F.C., Persepolis FC, Sturm Graz (Austria), SC Charleroi (Belgium) and Al-Shabab (United Arab Emirates) as well as Sepahan. He last played for Rah Ahan FC, but left the team after the 2005-2006 season.
International career.
He played for the Iran national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Singing career.
He is not playing for any club currently and is focused on his singing career.

</doc>
<doc id="5998216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998216" title="Agua Dulce Independent School District">
Agua Dulce Independent School District

Agua Dulce Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Agua Dulce, Texas (USA). The district serves students in west central Nueces and east central Jim Wells counties.
History.
In 1910 the Agua Dulce Independent School District was founded; Sophinia Thompson was the first teacher. The school system was consolidated with that of Bentonville in 1932.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $128,302,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.117 and the bond tax rate was $0.021 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. Forty-nine percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district operated two schools.

</doc>
<doc id="5998236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998236" title="Leśnica">
Leśnica

Leśnica (German: Leschnitz, 1936-45 "Bergstadt") is a town in Poland. Since 1999 it has been in Strzelce Opolskie County in Opole Voivodship.
History.
The town, which was first documented in 1217, was destroyed in 1429 during the Hussite Wars. As "Leschnitz", it was annexed by the Kingdom of Prussia in 1742 during the First Silesian War. The town was included in Landkreis Groß Strehlitz within the Prussian Province of Silesia in 1816. Leschnitz became part of the German Empire in 1871 during the unification of Germany. In 1936 while part of the Province of Upper Silesia, it was renamed "Bergstadt" (mountain town). In 1945 it was placed under Polish administration according to the Potsdam Agreement and renamed "Leśnica". Due to fact that no less than 20% of its population belongs to the German minority in Poland, the town uses bilingual Polish and German signs and language —Polish remains official, German is the language of "assistance".[http://www2.mswia.gov.pl/download.php?s=1&id=1857
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Leśnica is twinned with:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5998244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998244" title="Third Way (magazine)">
Third Way (magazine)

Third Way is a British current affairs magazine written from a Christian perspective. It can call on well-known Christian thinkers and writers (its columnists include high-profile journalists, clergy and BBC comedy writers) to comment on news issues, much as the "New Statesman" or "Spectator" calls on those from left or right. "Third Way" magazine is not affiliated with either the minor British political party Third Way, or with the centrist "Third Way" policies of Tony Blair and Bill Clinton.
In 1974, thousands of Christians meeting at the First International Congress on World Evangelization held in Lausanne, Switzerland signed a covenant pledging to commit themselves to bringing the Christian gospel to bear on social issues. This sparked a lively debate in the Christian monthly magazine "Crusade" between the Rt Rev David Sheppard, later Bishop of Liverpool, and the Rev John Pridmore. The debate inspired the editor of "Crusade", John Capon, to launch "Third Way" as a fortnightly magazine in January 1977, putting a Christian perspective on current affairs and the arts. Its title referred to a comment by the theologian Os Guinness in a book entitled "The Dust of Death": "How often in the contemporary discussion a sensitive modern man knows that he cannot accept either of the polarised alternatives offered to him. In Christianity, however, there can be a Third Way, a true middle ground which has a basis, is never compromise and is far from silent." "Third Way's" first editor was Derek Williams and in 1978 he was succeeded by Alex Beale, later Alex Mitchell, and she moved the magazine to its current monthly publication schedule.
"Third Way" reviews films, music, books and television. It also carries features on social or cultural issues (such as the environment, sexual identity or economics) and interviews high-profile people from those fields. In recent years, for example, it has talked to Tony Blair, Thom Yorke, Rowan Williams, Gerry Adams, Max Clifford, Ian Hislop, John Peel, Maya Angelou, Mark Thompson, Anita Roddick, Jonathon Porritt, Richard Dawkins and many more. Interviews are published Q&A with no editorialising. "The Guardian" has said that 'The magazine has ... mastered the art of interviewing celebs who have been stitched up once too often by the red-tops'. "The Times" says it is 'noted for giving a serious Christian perspective on topics ranging from the Bible to politics, environment to the arts'.
Other sections include an "Icon of the month" (deconstructing items from The Holocaust to McDonald's to Bob Dylan to the World Cup), a regular two-way Bible commentary/debate and an events page.
The magazine has 10,000 readers worldwide. Its current editor is Simon Jones and other staff include Steve Tomkins, Nick Thorpe and Huw Spanner. In terms of Christian alignment it sits comfortably alongside the Greenbelt festival or the Ship of Fools website.
In July 2007 "Third Way" was bought by Hymns Ancient & Modern Ltd, which also owns the "Church Times".

</doc>
<doc id="5998247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998247" title="Aleksandar Tunchev">
Aleksandar Tunchev

Aleksander Blagov Tunchev (; born 10 July 1981 in Pazardzhik) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender for CSKA Sofia.
Club career.
Bulgaria.
Tunchev started his career in his hometown of Pazardzhik with local team Hebar. After that he played for Belasitsa Petrich, later joining Lokomotiv Plovdiv in June 2002. With Lokomotiv they became Champions of Bulgaria in 2004 and also won the Bulgarian Super Cup that same year. In 2006, he signed for CSKA Sofia. In 2007 he was appointed captain after Valentin Iliev was stripped of the CSKA captaincy. They were crowned champions in 2008, and also won the Bulgarian Cup and Supercup in 2006. In June 2008, CSKA was in a deep financial crisis and were forced to sell their key players, including Tunchev.
Leicester City.
2008–09 season.
Tunchev joined Leicester City on 5 July 2008 for a fee of £375,000, signing a three-year contract. He made his debut in a 2–0 home win over MK Dons on 9 August 2008, scoring his first league goal in a 2–2 home draw against Walsall on 21 October. Tunchev was peerless as he guided the club's defence through the first half of the 2008–09 season, losing just two league games.
Knee injury.
His season was cut short when he suffered a partial tear of his anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during a 2–1 FA Cup replay defeat to Crystal Palace on 14 January 2009. It was Tunchev's "first big injury," his previous being a pulled hamstring. Nonetheless, he was awarded a medal after Leicester finished the season as League One champions, winning promotion to the Championship.
On 20 July 2009, Tunchev was back in full training after recovering from injury. He played his first game a day later as a substitute in a pre-season friendly against Mansfield Town. He made his first competitive appearance in a 2–1 League Cup defeat to Preston North End on 25 August. However, he suffered an injury to his left knee in a 2–1 defeat to Preston on 26 September. Tunchev had managed two league games before undergoing another operation on his right knee on 30 September. Restricted to crutches ever since, he returned to the training ground in early October for his rehabilitation. It was thought that Tunchev could return to training in November. Then-manager Nigel Pearson however, refused to rush him back into the first team, instead wanting him to be "absolutely spot on" before returning. Suffering several setbacks during rehabilitation, Tunchev flew to Barcelona, Spain in early February 2010 to see the specialist who originally treated his injury problem. He returned to England after undergoing the last of a series of injections to his knee in the hope of avoiding another operation. On 4 February 2010, Pearson said it was unlikely Tunchev would play again in the 2009–10 season. He was ruled out for six months after undergoing another knee operation on 2 March 2010.
Return to fitness.
Tunchev made his return against San Jose Earthquakes in a behind-closed-doors friendly on 24 February 2011 at Belvoir Drive. He played for 65 minutes before being substituted. He finally played his first competitive game since September 2009 in a 4–2 win over Watford on 25 April 2011, albeit as a substitute during stoppage time. On 7 May 2011, Tunchev came on as a 30th minute substitute in a 4–2 win over Ipswich Town, the final game of the 2010–11 season as Leicester finished in 10th place. By this time, he had played only five games in two seasons as a result of his two knee injuries.
Loan to Crystal Palace.
After a successful pre-season with Leicester City, on 5 August 2011 Tunchev signed a one year contract extension which was set to expire in 2012 and was sent originally on a month's loan to Crystal Palace, though this was later extended to a 3-month loan. Tunchev made 10 appearances in total in his brief stint at Palace.
Return to Leicester.
Tunchev returned to Leicester after his loan spell at Crystal Palace had come to an end, with Nigel Pearson, who originally brought him to England having returned to manage the Foxes. After a couple of months of trying to prove his fitness following a further groin injury, Pearson recalled Tunchev to the first team on 2 January 2012 to face the Crystal Palace side he had been on loan with earlier in the season. Leicester won the game 2–1. Tunchev was released by the club on 19 May 2012 after failing to do enough to earn an extension to his contract.
Zagłębie Lubin.
In June 2012, Tunchev joined Polish Ekstrakla side Zagłębie Lubin as defensive cover, following injuries to other players. He signed for an initial one-year period, with the option of a second year.
International.
Tunchev currently plays for Bulgaria. He made his debut in a 3–1 win over Turkey on 18 August 2005, playing for six minutes. The defender has been a regular for the Bulgarian team since making his official debut against Romania in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match. On 11 October 2006, Tunchev scored his first international goal in a 1–0 away win over Luxembourg during a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match.

</doc>
<doc id="5998250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998250" title="William Ramsay (disambiguation)">
William Ramsay (disambiguation)

William Ramsay (1852–1916) was the Scottish chemist who discovered the noble gases.
William Ramsay may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5998256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998256" title="Ferdinand Redtenbacher">
Ferdinand Redtenbacher

Ferdinand Jakob Redtenbacher (July 25, 1809 in Steyr, Upper Austria – April 16, 1863 in Karlsruhe) is regarded as the founder of science-based mechanical engineering.
Life.
Redtenbacher, son of an ironmonger from Steyr, first went through an apprenticeship in commerce and accounting. After a short interlude as technical illustrator in the "Baudirektion" (building authority) in Linz, he attended the Polytechnikum in Vienna from 1825 until 1829. He stayed there until 1834 as an assistant to Johann Arzberger. In 1835, he accepted an invitation to become a professor at the Höhere Industrieschule in Zürich, where he taught mathematics and geometry. In 1841 he finally became professor in mechanics and mechanical engineering at the Polytechnikum Karlsruhe, and as its director between 1857 and 1862, he transformed it into a school of international standing.
Influence.
Redtenbacher is regarded as the founder of scientific mechanical engineering. Working at the Polytechnikum Karlsruhe, he added a mathematical foundation to the previously empirical teaching. His students include such outstanding engineers as Karl Benz, Franz Reuleaux and Emil Škoda.

</doc>
<doc id="5998259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998259" title="John Davies Ormond">
John Davies Ormond

John Davies Ormond (1832 – 6 October 1917) was a New Zealand politician whose positions included Superintendent of Hawke's Bay Province, Minister of Public Works and member of the New Zealand Legislative Council.
He represented the Clive electorate in Parliament from 1861 to 1881, when he was defeated (standing for the electorate of Waipawa). He then represented the Napier electorate from to 1890, when he retired.
He was appointed to the Legislative Council on 20 January 1891 and served until his death on 6 October 1917. He was appointed to the Council as one of seven new members (including Harry Atkinson himself) appointed to the Council by the outgoing fourth Atkinson Ministry; a move regarded by Liberals as a stacking of the upper house against the new government.
He came from Wallingford, Oxfordshire, (then Berkshire), England, and established a homestead called Wallingford in Central Hawke's Bay in 1847, which became a major farming station.
Businessman and farmer Sir John Davies Wilder Ormond, politician and farmer Tiaki Omana, and politician and Historic Places Trust chairman Ormond Wilson were his grandsons. His brother-in-law was the Governor of Jamaica, Edward John Eyre. His second great-granddaughter is the Headmistress, Ormond Felicity Lusk.

</doc>
<doc id="5998260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998260" title="U.S. Tolentino">
U.S. Tolentino

Unione Sportiva Tolentino is an Italian association football club located in Tolentino, Marche. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1919.
Serie C2.
Since the season 1996-97 Tolentino has played in Serie C2 and in Serie D.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are all-crimson.

</doc>
<doc id="5998268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998268" title="Bill Baldwin">
Bill Baldwin

Bill (Merl. W, Jr.) Baldwin (born 1935) is an American science fiction writer. He writes militaristic space opera. His main series is about a male protagonist named Wilf Ansor Brim.
He graduated from The Mercersburg Academy and the University of Pittsburgh, where he earned a B.A. in Journalism and a Master of Letters degree. He served as a Lieutenant at the U.S. Air Force Missile Test Center, Foreign Technology Division, Cape Canaveral, Florida, supporting Project Mercury as Chief of the Reports Division. Later, Baldwin served as a contractor for the NASA Manned Spacecraft Center.
Until recently, he has been the president of the Wooden Boat Association of north Texas. He is also currently the managing editor of the magazine "The Brass Bell" of the Chris-Craft Antique Boat Club. He and his wife, Pat, enjoy life in Dallas, Texas, and Bemus Point, New York, with two cats, Bunthorne and Musetta.
Published works.
The Helmsman Saga.
Several books of the original Helmsman saga, "The Siege", "The Defenders" and "The Defiance" in particular, appear to reproduce (sometimes word for word, sometimes paraphrasing) large sections of a WWII autobiography titled "The Big Show" (written by Pierre Clostermann, published 1948, translated into English by Oliver Berthoud (copyright 1951 by Random House, first printing, Time/Life Book series: Wings of War: The Big Show).
"The Defenders" pages 79–83 (Warner Books paperback, 1992) resemble in form, chronological order and paraphrase almost the complete chapter titled "Radar At Dawn" from "The Big Show", pages 40-44.
Baldwin's work contains allusions to other science fiction works. For example, "Galactic Convoy" mentions a planet named Throon (the capital world in the Star Kings books). Also, an attack against a space fort at the end of "The Mercenaries" contains several allusions to the attack on the Death Star. "The Turning Tide" features a freighter captain named Verger Antillies.
This series began in 1985 but was later reprinted in "Director's Cut Special Editions" by Timberwolf Press. Also, as of October 2012, rewritten versions of the first four books have been made available in both paper and electronic form.

</doc>
<doc id="5998273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998273" title="Alice Independent School District">
Alice Independent School District

Alice Independent School District is a public school district based in Alice, Texas (USA). In addition to Alice, the district also serves the communities of Rancho Alegre, Alice Acres, Coyote Acres, and Owl Ranch-Amargosa.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $1,086,514,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.026 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. Forty-nine percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in ten schools. 
Special programs.
Athletics.
Alice High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, football, soccer, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball, soccer, softball, and volleyball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Alice High School will play football in UIL Class 4A.

</doc>
<doc id="5998282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998282" title="Bergstadt">
Bergstadt

Bergstadt is German and means "mining town". It may also refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="5998304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998304" title="Sergej Jakirović">
Sergej Jakirović

Club career.
His former clubs include RNK Split, FC Spartak Trnava, NK Pula, NK Korotan, NK Kamen Ingrad and PFC CSKA Sofia. He has played in the Croatian Prva HNL with NK Istra, NK Zagreb and NK Rijeka.
International career.
Jakirović has made five appearances for the full Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="5998306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998306" title="Georgi Iliev (footballer)">
Georgi Iliev (footballer)

Georgi Iliev Rusev (; 5 September 1981 in Varna) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Chinese League One club Shijiazhuang Yongchang Junhao. He primarily plays as a centre midfielder. He has been capped 20 times for Bulgaria.
Career.
Cherno More.
Born in Varna, Iliev was taken on by Cherno More Varna at an early age and signed a professional contract in July 2000. His debut came on 14 October 2000 at Hristo Botev Stadium ending in a 1–0 defeat to Botev Plovdiv. On 21 October, he went on to score his first competitive goal for Cherno More against Litex Lovech on his 2nd appearance for the club. For three years in Cherno More, Iliev earned 72 appearances playing in the A PFG, scored 13 goals.
Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
In 2003, Iliev was transferred to Lokomotiv Plovdiv. He made his first appearance in the 4–1 win over Marek Dupnitsa on 16 August 2003. In his first season at Lokomotiv, they won their first ever A PFG championship in the 2003–04. On 31 July 2004, Iliev helped Lokomotiv to win the Bulgarian Supercup and he made his debut for the Bulgarian national side under coach Hristo Stoichkov in the same year. On 29 September 2005, he scored his first ever European goals for Lokomotiv, in a 1–2 loss against Bolton Wanderers of the UEFA Cup.
CSKA Sofia.
On 16 December 2005, CSKA Sofia signed Georgi Iliev to a three-year deal. On 5 March 2006, he made his competitive debut for CSKA in a 1–0 victory over Botev Plovdiv. During the 2006–07 season Iliev netted his first CSKA goal. He scored on 5 August 2006 in a 2–0 away victory over Cherno More. On 18 April 2007, Georgi scored CSKA's second in a 2–0 home win against Botev Plovdiv. Iliev netted CSKA's only and his third goal in a 1–0 win against Beroe Stara Zagora on 7 October 2007. With CSKA he was a Champion of Bulgaria for 2008 and holder of Bulgarian Cup for 2006.
Return to Cherno More.
In June 2008, Iliev made a comeback for his first team Cherno More. On 2 October 2008, Georgi scored the 2nd goal for the Sailors in the UEFA Cup match against VfB Stuttgart in the away 2–2 draw at the Mercedes-Benz Arena. Iliev took over the captaincy of Cherno More when Aleksandar Aleksandrov was transferred to Levski Sofia in 2009. On 26 October 2009, he made his 100th league appearance for Cherno more in a 1–1 draw against Slavia Sofia, scoring the only goal. On 18 April 2012, Iliev scored a hat-trick in the 7–1 win over Kaliakra Kavarna.
Shijiazhuang Yongchang.
Iliev signed with Chinese side Shijiazhuang Yongchang on 6 January 2014 on a two-year deal for a reported fee of €100,000.
International career.
An occasional member of the Under 21 team, Iliev marked his international début under Hristo Stoichkov on 29 November 2004 in a friendly game against Egypt. His first goal for Bulgaria came against Iceland on 7 September 2005. He has been capped 19 times for Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="5998312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998312" title="Guillaume Dah Zadi">
Guillaume Dah Zadi

Guillaume Dah Zadi (born 1 July 1978) is an Ivorian footballer. He currently plays for Changchun Yatai.
Zadi's former clubs include Africa Sports, FC Satellite Abidjan, USM Annaba, Wydad Casablanca, EOGK Tunisie and CSKA Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="5998318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998318" title="Valentin Iliev">
Valentin Iliev

Valentin Iliev (; born 11 August 1980 in Knezha) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for CSKA Sofia as a centre back.
Background.
Iliev's father, Iliya Valov, was goalkeeper for CSKA and Bulgaria's national team. Valentin's biggest career moment was scoring a goal (after an excellent Yordan Yurukov assist), which helped CSKA Sofia secure a historic 1–0 away win over Liverpool F.C. on 23 August 2005 in the Third qualifying round of the UEFA Champions League. However, it did not help them qualify for the UEFA Champions League group phase, as the "armymen" were eliminated after an aggregate score of 2–3, having lost their home game.
Career.
Beginning.
Iliev started his career in his home town Vratsa, where he played for the local team Botev Vratsa.
Metalurh Zaporizhzhya.
In June 2001 he signed with Ukrainian club Metalurg from Zaporizhzhya, where he played 21 matches and scored one goal.
CSKA Sofia.
In November 2004 Iliev joined CSKA Sofia. For six months he was captain of the team and in 2005 Iliev played his first match for the Bulgaria national football team. Iliev developed a knack for scoring key goals for the "armymen" making good use of his powerful heading ability – some of them included a last-minute goal against Vihren Sandanski to help the "reds" to a 1–0 win and a goal against Turkish side Beşiktaş Jimnastik Kulübü in a match that ended 2–2. Despite some disciplinary issues, most notably his physical confrontation with Jose Emilio Furtado, resulting in Iliev being stripped of the CSKA captaincy, he remained a cult figure for CSKA Sofia fans.
Terek Grozny.
In 2008, Valentin Iliev was sold to the Russian First Division side, Terek Grozny.
Universitatea Craiova.
The player signed a one year and a half contract with the Romanian club Universitatea Craiova.
Steaua Bucureşti.
In February 2011, Iliev signed a contract for one and a half years with Steaua Bucureşti. On 19 December 2011, Iliev scored his first goal for Steaua against CSU Vointa Sibiu in a Liga 1 match, goal which proved to be decisive.
Volyn Lutsk.
On 12 July 2012, Iliev joined Ukrainian club Volyn Lutsk on a two-year deal.
CSKA Sofia.
On 16 July 2013 Valentin Iliev signed a contract with CSKA Sofia. Now that he signed a contract, he will be captain.
International career.
In October 2010, after a long absence from the national team, Iliev was recalled to the national side by the new manager Lothar Matthäus for the Euro 2012 qualifier against Wales. On 8 October 2010, he started the match, but sustained an injury during the first half and was replaced by Pavel Vidanov.

</doc>
<doc id="5998326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998326" title="Aleksandar Branekov">
Aleksandar Branekov

Aleksandar Branekov (; born 31 May 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Lokomotiv Sofia as a defender. He was raised in CSKA Sofia's youth teams.

</doc>
<doc id="5998327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998327" title="List of people from North Carolina">
List of people from North Carolina

The following is a list of notable people associated with North Carolina, USA.
Law enforcement.
Emily Copeland, Chief, Boone Police Department - First Female Police Chief in NC

</doc>
<doc id="5998329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998329" title="Eugen Trică">
Eugen Trică

Eugen Trică (born 5 August 1976) is a former Romanian footballer who played as a midfielder. He is currently a manager.
Club career.
Trică started his career at Universitatea Craiova as a youth, being promoted in the first team in 1995.
He then joined Steaua Bucureşti in 1998, winning the championship in 2001.
Litex Lovech was the third club Trică played for, after being transferred in 2003, then after two years he joined the squad of Maccabi Tel Aviv but after only few months he returned to Bulgaria, this time at PFC CSKA Sofia.
In May 2007, Trică returned to Romania after he could not agree on a contract with CSKA, signing with CFR Cluj. At Cluj he was part of the team that won for the first time in the club's history the championship and the cup in 2008, playing in Champions League.
He moved in 2009 to Cyprus first division at Anorthosis Famagusta FC, just after the team was eliminated from Champions League group stage. However, after the end of the season, he returned to Cluj.
In 25 August 2009, Eugen Trică signed to the first love Universitatea Craiova.
After a year, in August 2010, he joined Concordia Chiajna, a team from the second Romanian division. Trică helped the group promote to Liga I for the first time in history. After a few games in the first division for Concordia, in October 2011, Trică decided to quit.
International career.
He was one of the best players of the national U21 team, but has only four caps for Romania.
Personal life.
Trică is married to Lorena, daughter of Ilie Balaci, one of the best Romanian football players from the past.

</doc>
<doc id="5998330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998330" title="Yordan Yurukov">
Yordan Yurukov

Yordan Yurukov (; born 2 October 1983) is a Bulgarian footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Pirin Razlog.
Career.
Pirin & CSKA.
Born in Razlog, Yurukov started his professional career at Pirin 1922. On 13 November 2004, he scored three goals against Dorostol Silistra in a match from Bulgarian second division. 
In January 2005, Dancho signed with CSKA Sofia. On 23 August 2005, he assisted Valentin Iliev who headed in a goal to secure a prestigious 1:0 away win for CSKA Sofia against Liverpool FC in a Champions League qualifying match. Whilst at the club, his team became the champion of the Bulgarian A Professional Football Group in the 2005 and 2008 seasons. With CSKA he won the Bulgarian Cup in 2006.
Cherno More.
In June 2008, Yurukov was transferred to Cherno More Varna. He has been given the №77 shirt. 
Yurukov made his official debut for the Sailors in the match against UE Sant Julià in the UEFA Cup on 17 July 2008. The result of the match was a 4:0 win for Cherno More. On 31 July 2008 he scored his first goals for Cherno More in the second leg against UE Sant Julià on Estadi Communal in Aixovall. The two goals were scored in the 22nd and 39th minute. The result of the match was a 5:0 win for Cherno More. On 2 October 2008, on his birthday, Dancho scored the opening goal in the UEFA Cup match against the German powerhouse VfB Stuttgart, but the match ended in a 2:2 draw and the sailors were eliminated after an aggregate score of 3:4. On 20 October 2008 Yordan scored two goals against Lokomotiv Mezdra in a match from the Bulgarian A PFG. On 16 May 2009, Yurukov scored the winning goal for Cherno More to help the team from Varna secure a 1:0 win against his former club CSKA Sofia. In his first season in Cherno More, Yurukov earned 29 appearances the A PFG and scored eleven goals. In the Bulgarian Cup, he played one match, and in the UEFA Cup, he played 6 matches and scored three goals.
In the first round of the 2009-10 season Yurukov received a heavy injury in the match against Chernomorets Burgas. He was diagnosed with damaged torn knee ligaments and because of that he missed the first part of the season. On 28 March 2010, he played his first game after returning from the long-term injury in the 0:1 away loss to Minyor Pernik.
On 23 October 2010, Yurukov made his 50th appearance for the team in A PFG in a 0–4 loss against Montana.
Club statistics.
As of 23 June 2011
International career.
Yurukov has been capped for the Bulgaria U21.

</doc>
<doc id="5998331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998331" title="The Song They Sang... When Rome Fell">
The Song They Sang... When Rome Fell

The Song They Sang... When Rome Fell is the 2002 debut release by Vermont-based American singer-songwriter Anais Mitchell. The album was made during the singer's 6-month stay in Austin, Texas, and was recorded in a single afternoon. It consists of Mitchell playing her acoustic guitar and singing with sparse production.

</doc>
<doc id="5998333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998333" title="Ilko Pirgov">
Ilko Pirgov

Ilko Emilov Pirgov (, born 23 May 1986 in Blagoevgrad, Height: 180 cm, Weight: 70 kg) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Litex Lovech as a goalkeeper. 
Career.
Pirgov is an ex-Pirin Blagoevgrad player, where he played from 2002. He moved to CSKA Sofia in 2005. 
As a player of PFC CSKA Sofia he is a Bulgarian Cup winner in 2006 and Bulgarian Super Cup winner in the same year. In 2008 he played for six months for Romanian club CS Otopeni. In 10 January 2009 signed for Cherno More Varna.
In 2011–12 season, Pirgov became the first player in Bulgaria, who earned 31 league appearances in 30 rounds. In the first half of the campaign he played in all 15 matches for Cherno More. In December 2011, Pirgov joined Litex Lovech. During a second half of the season he played in all 15 matches of his new club and in the Litex's delayed game of the autumn against Kaliakra Kavarna.

</doc>
<doc id="5998346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998346" title="Holiday (disambiguation)">
Holiday (disambiguation)

A holiday is a day of observance.
Holiday may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5998348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998348" title="Sai Yok waterfall">
Sai Yok waterfall

Sai Yok Noi is a waterfall in the Tenasserim Hills, Sai Yok district of Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand, near the small town Nam Tok Sai Yok Noi. It is the most popular attraction of the Sai Yok National Park.
It is popular among domestic and foreign tourists alike, in part because it lies next to the province's trunk road alongside which there is ample parking space. 
The immediate vicinity features several sites of interest including the Krasae Cave, a small Buddhist shrine next to a section of rail tracks of the notorious Death Railway and, to the west, Dawadung Cave, a secluded collection of impressive stalactites. Hellfire Pass Memorial, a museum and tribute to those lost during the construction of the Death Railway's cuttings and trestle bridges, lies about 35 km to the west of Sai Yok Noi falls. A small market geared toward travellers is also nearby. Sai Yok Yai waterfall, some 40 km to the west lies offset from the valley's main road, adjacent to the Sai Yok National Park Headquarters. It comprises a 10 metre (32 ft) picturesque cascade which drops directly into the Kwae Noi river. 

</doc>
<doc id="5998364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998364" title="Simon Tunsted">
Simon Tunsted

Simon Tunsted (died 1369) was a Franciscan friar, theologian, philosopher and musician. The authorship of "Quatuor Principalia Musicae", a treatise on music, is generally attributed to him.
He originated from Norwich, though his year of birth is unknown. In Norwich, he joined a Greyfriars monastery and became a doctor of theology. He went on to become master of the Minorites at Oxford (in 1351). He died at Bruisyard, Suffolk. He was twenty-ninth provincial superior of the Minorites in England.
Works.
Tunsted wrote a commentary on the "Meteorologica" of Aristotle and improved the calculating device described by Richard of Wallingford in "Tractatus Albionis". He is also usually credited as the author of the "Quatuor Principalia Musicae", a mediaeval treatise on music which set out the musical principles on which the Ars nova movement was based.

</doc>
<doc id="5998365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998365" title="Chach (disambiguation)">
Chach (disambiguation)

Chach may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5998374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998374" title="Amherst Independent School District">
Amherst Independent School District

Amherst Independent School District is a public school district based in Amherst, Texas (USA). The district operates one high school, Amherst High School.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $51,219,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.000 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "academically unacceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. Six percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in two schools.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Amherst High School participates in the boys sports of basketball, football, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sport of basketball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Amherst High School will play six-man football in UIL Class 1A 6-man Football Division II.

</doc>
<doc id="5998385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998385" title="Afshin Peyrovani">
Afshin Peyrovani

Mohammad Ali "Afshin" Peyravani (, born 6 February 1970 in Shiraz, Iran) is a retired Iranian footballer and a football coach. He is the younger brother of Gholam Peyrovani and elder brother of Amir Hossein Peyrovani.
Playing career.
Club career.
Peyrovani was a product of the Persepolis youth academy. On 1 August 1993 he was signed by the first team where he spent 10 years of his playing career making over 200 appearances. On 29 August 2004 he moved to Paykan Tehran F.C. on a one-year deal. Peyrovani ended his career at the end of the IPL 2004/05 season.
Club career statistics.
Last Update 3 June 2010 
International career.
He has 66 caps for the Iran national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Coaching career.
After the departure of Afshin Ghotbi in November 2008 he was appointed as the head coach of Persepolis F.C. and was replaced and became the assistant coach of Nelo Vingada in mid February 2009 and a month later he was sacked totally by the chairman.
He replaced Hamid Estili as the head coach of Steel Azin on 19 April 2010 and later on for the season after he was again appointed as the head coach of the team again which after poor results he resigned. On 6 November 2012, he was appointed as head coach of Azadegan League side, Sang Ahan Bafq.

</doc>
<doc id="5998395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998395" title="List of political movements named after dates">
List of political movements named after dates


</doc>
<doc id="5998399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998399" title="Anahuac Independent School District">
Anahuac Independent School District

Anahuac Independent School District is a public school district based in Anahuac, Texas (USA). The district serves Anahuac and several unincorporated areas, including Double Bayou, Hankamer, Monroe City, Oak Island, Smith Point, Turtle Bayou, and Wallisville. The district operates one high school, Anahuac High School.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $310,658,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.032 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in five schools.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Anahuac High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, football, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball, softball, and volleyball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Anahuac High School will play football in UIL Class 2A Division I.

</doc>
<doc id="5998411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998411" title="Jonathan Crayford">
Jonathan Crayford

Jonathan Crayford (born 28 September 1964 in Lower Hutt, New Zealand) is a composer/multi instrumentalist.
Jonathan studied classical piano and learned jazz by ear. After leaving school he worked in the film industry as a composer, being awarded the GOFTA (Guild of Film and Television Awards) for his original film music.
During the 1990s he lived and worked in New York playing and recording with Mambo Macoco, Groove Collective, Kurt Rosenwinkel, Bill Ware, Jay Rodriguez, Eddie Bobé and the Dave Binney group as well as performing his own music. His return to New Zealand in 2000 enabled him to tour and record with Trinity Roots, Cornerstone Roots and Brazilian singer Alda Rezende. Jonathan currently lives in Cadaques, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="5998415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998415" title="Anderson-Shiro Consolidated Independent School District">
Anderson-Shiro Consolidated Independent School District

Anderson-Shiro Consolidated Independent School District (ASCISD) is a public school district based in Anderson, Texas (USA). In addition to Anderson, the district also serves the community of Shiro as well as rural areas in central Grimes County. The district operates a combined junior/senior high school, Anderson-Shiro Jr./Sr. High School, and one elementary school, Anderson-Shiro Elementary School.
History.
The current ASCISD can be traced back to 1846 with the opening of the Masonic Collegiate Institute. The sponsoring Masonic Lodge opened a facility for the school in 1847 on what is the current ASCISD site. The property would pass back and forth between the Lodge and several owners until 1905, when the Lodge deeded the property to the Anderson School District No. 1, which was created by Grimes County in 1893 and had purchased part of the original property at that time.
During the 1940s and 1950s several smaller districts (Independent District No. 2, Pine Grove District No. 3, Spring Grove District No. 1, Carlos, and Eureka No. 26) were consolidated into the Anderson ISD. In 1959 the northern half of the Klein Independent School District was annexed into the Anderson ISD. The district took its current name, and nearly doubled in size, in June 1970 when it consolidated with the neighboring Shiro district.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $449,666,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.039 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in two schools. 
Athletics.
Anderson-Shiro High School participates in the following sports:
For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Anderson-Shiro High School will participate in UIL Class AA for athletic and academic purposes; in football it will participate in Class AA Division II.

</doc>
<doc id="5998419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998419" title="Princ Dobroshi">
Princ Dobroshi

Princ Dobroshi (born 2 April 1964 in Peć, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia).
In 1993 he was caught in Norway and in 1994 sentenced to 14 years in prison for heroin trafficking (other charges were pending in Sweden and Denmark). In a well coordinated operation he escaped from the Ullersmo prison in 1997. As a new place of living he picked up the Czech Republic and soon dominated over local Albanian drug mafias. On 23 February 1999 he was arrested in Prague.
The criminal underground had planned armed attack on the Pankrác Prison but in August 1999 Dobroshi was extradited to Norway to complete his sentence. He was paroled and deported for "good behavior" in January 2005. Then he returned into the Czech Republic and stayed there for three months, until his visa expired. Later, he returned to Peć, Kosovo. 
He has admitted friendship with Arfan Qadeer Bhatti who was arrested in Norway on charges of planning to terrorize Israeli and American embassies in Oslo, Norway.
Now he is living in Kosovo, his Albanian wife and there child live in Belgium.
2006 Investigations.
Investigation of terror suspects in Norway in September 2006 discovered contacts between one of the suspects and Dobroshi (they met in Pristina in 2005). MF Dnes, a newspaper in the Czech Republic, speculated about possibility of Dobroshi taking revenge and organizing a terror attack in Prague. Day after, in an interview, Dobroshi acknowledged he knew the person but denied any involvement and plans.

</doc>
<doc id="5998431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998431" title="Georges-Honoré Simard">
Georges-Honoré Simard

Georges-Honoré Simard (April 18, 1817 – June 27, 1873) was a Quebec businessman and political figure. He represented Quebec-Centre in the 1st Canadian Parliament as a Conservative member and the identically named provincial riding in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1867 to 1871.
He was born in Quebec City in 1817 and educated there. He entered the hardware business with his uncle and then opened his own business. He later became the owner of the Quebec Plaster Mills. He also served as president or vice-president for several firms. Simard was elected to represent Quebec City in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada in an 1856 by-election; he was reelected in 1857 and 1861 in Quebec-Centre. He supported the choice of Quebec City over Ottawa as a capital. In 1867, he was elected to both the federal and provincial legislatures; at the time, dual mandates were still allowed. He retired from politics after completing his terms in office.
Simard died in Sainte-Foy in 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="5998441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998441" title="U.S. Angri Calcio 1927 A.S.D.">
U.S. Angri Calcio 1927 A.S.D.

Unione Sportiva Angri 1927 Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica is an Italian association football club located in Angri, Campania. It currently plays in Eccellenza.
History.
The foundation.
The club was founded in 1927.
Serie D.
Angri does not join 2011–12 Serie D and was restarted from Terza Categoria Salerno winning this league.
Eccellenza.
In summer 2012 Angri has acquired the sports title of Eccellenza club Real Nocera, based in Nocera Superiore.
Colors and badge.
Its colors were grey and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5998452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998452" title="Hugh Prather">
Hugh Prather

Hugh Prather (January 23, 1938 – November 15, 2010) was a writer, minister, and counselor, most famous for his first book, "Notes to Myself" (ISBN 0-553-27382-5), which was first published in 1970 by Real People Press, and later reprinted by Bantam Books. It has sold over 5 million copies, and has been translated into ten languages.
Together with his second wife, Gayle Prather, whom he married in 1965, he wrote other books, including "The Little Book of Letting Go"; "I Touch the Earth, The Earth Touches Me"; "How to Live in the World and Still Be Happy"; "I Will Never Leave You: How Couples Can Achieve The Power Of Lasting Love"; "Spiritual Notes to Myself: Essential Wisdom for the 21st Century"; "Shining Through: Switch on Your Life and Ground Yourself in Happiness"; "Spiritual Parenting: A Guide to Understanding and Nurturing the Heart of Your Child"; "Standing on My Head: Life Lessons in Contradictions"; "A Book of Games: A Course in Spiritual Play"; "Love and Courage"; "Notes to Each Other"; "A Book for Couples"; "The Quiet Answer"; and "There is a Place Where You Are Not Alone".
Born in Dallas Texas, Prather earned a bachelor's degree at Southern Methodist University in 1966 after study at Principia College and Columbia University. He studied at the University of Texas at the graduate level without taking a degree. While he could be categorized as a New Age writer, he drew on Christian language and themes and seemed comfortable conceiving of God in personal terms. His work underscored the importance of gentleness, forgiveness, and loyalty; declined to endorse dramatic claims about the power of the individual mind to effect unilateral transformations of external material circumstances; and stressed the need for the mind to let go of destructive cognitions in a manner not unlike that encouraged by the cognitive-behavioral therapy of Aaron T. Beck and the rational emotive behavior therapy commended by Albert Ellis.
Prather died on November 15, 2010, in the hot tub of his Tucson, Arizona home, apparently of a heart attack. He is survived by his immediate family: wife Gayle Prather, his son from a previous marriage, Perry Scott Prather, and their two sons, John and Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="5998453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998453" title="Anna Independent School District">
Anna Independent School District

Anna Independent School District is a public school district based in Anna, Texas (USA). In addition to Anna, the district serves parts of Weston as well as the community of Westminster.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $504,279,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.050 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year the district had students in seven schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="5998457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998457" title="Ali Reza Mansourian">
Ali Reza Mansourian

Ali Reza Mansourian (, born 2 December 1971 in Tehran) is an Iranian football coach and retired player. He is currently manager of Naft Tehran in Iran Pro League.
Club career.
Mansourian was born in Tehran. During his career he played for Singapore S-League S-League clubs Balestier Central (Balestier Khalsa FC) and Geylang United along with the Iranian club Esteghlal F.C. He moved to Greek club Xanthi in 1998 after Xanthi fans contributed to raise the amount of money needed to complete the transfer. He played for Skoda Xanthi for one and a half seasons, taking part in 23 games. In December 1999 Mansourian went to Apollon Athens for six months where he played seven games and scored once. After Apollon's relegation he continued his career in Germany's St. Pauli where he remained for two seasons. Finally he returned to Iran and Esteghlal FC where he was appointed as the teams captain.
Mansourian said farewell to professional football at the end of the 2007–08 season where Esteghlal became Hazfi Cup Champions.
International career.
Mansourian made 46 appearances for the Iran national football team and scored eight goals. He also participated in the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Coaching career.
He was head coach of Pas for four months in 2009. In August 2010, Afshin Ghotbi chose Mansourian as his assistant coach for the Iran national football team. After resignation of Ghotbi as head coach of national team, Mansourian was named as interim head coach until the appointment of Carlos Queiroz. He also coached Iran in a 1–0 win against Russia.
On 28 April 2011, he became head coach of the Iranian national under-23 football team. On 2 January 2014, Mansourian resigned as head coach of Iran's under-23 side. He was replaced with Nelo Vingada. He became manager of Iran Pro League club Naft Tehran on 31 May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5998459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998459" title="Becks">
Becks

Becks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5998471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998471" title="Anson Independent School District">
Anson Independent School District

Anson Independent School District is a public school district based in Anson, Texas (USA).
History.
The first school taught in the town section of Anson was opened in April 1882 and closed in July of the same year. It was taught at the home of R. M. Huie which was located near the First Baptist Church. In 1956, the Johnny Moore Magnolia Station was located in the same place with E. G. Jones as the teacher. The next school was taught out of Jones' home with the assistance of his wife.
The first school building was built on Block 55, Lot 4. In 1933 it was owned by Joe Grace Estate. The decision to build the school was made at a mass meeting at the Buie Law office in 1883. They raised enough money by public subscription to build one room. The Masonic Lodge agreed to build a room for their own use, to cover the building, and to furnish the lot. The school was built by volunteer labor and was taught by E.G. Jones.
In 1889, a larger building was needed. $5,000 dollars was paid by the taxpayers and used to build this building. This was the building where the first graduating class was taught. They were graduated in 1897; the class consisting of Lola Hale, Allie Maxwell, Lelia Morris, Effie Neville, and Nannie Thompkins, and the principal was C. E. Evans. This school building was sold in 1904 and moved to become the Ansford Hotel. It stood until it burned down in 1943.
A new, two-story brick school was built and used for all grades until 1910. Then a new high school building was erected south of the square. In 1929, the original unit of Ward School was constructed.
In 1948 a $250,000 school bond was passed to build a new elementary school and remodel the existing high school. Finally, in 1968, the present high school was built.
The Texas author Lou Halsell Rodenberger (1926–2009) graduated as the valedictorian of Anson High School at the age of sixteen in 1942.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $125,174,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.117 and the bond tax rate was $0.022 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in three schools. 
Special programs.
Athletics.
Anson High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, football, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball, softball, and volleyball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Anson High School will play football in UIL Class 1A Division I.

</doc>
<doc id="5998478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998478" title="Encuentro Amplio">
Encuentro Amplio

El Encuentro Amplio () was a left-wing electoral front in Argentina formed ahead of the 2005 legislative elections.
Based on the Frente Amplio of Uruguay, the alliance was formed of the Intransigent Party, the Socialist Party and the Communist Party of Argentina with sections of the Broad Front and the Front for Change, plus representatives of social organisations such as Apyme It contested the seats for senator, with Ariel Basteiro as its first candidate, and for Buenos Aires Province and Buenos Aires City deputies in alliance with the "Autogestión Liberadora Buenos Aires" (ALBA) [http://www.clarin.com/diario/2005/08/16/um/m-1034794.htm.
The alliance performed badly in the election, gaining less than 1% in the capital and losing all its legislators at a national level.

</doc>
<doc id="5998480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998480" title="Anthony Independent School District">
Anthony Independent School District

Anthony Independent School District is a public school district based in Anthony, Texas, United States. The district operates one high school, Anthony High School.
District boundaries.
The Anthony Independent School District (AISD) serves the entire municipal limit of Anthony, Texas and extends into all portions of Vinton, Texas west of Texas Highway 20 and south to La Union Road. The approximate area covered by the district is .
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $152,895,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.016 per $100 of appraised valuation. As of 2007, the Texas State Energy Conservation Office awards Anthony ISD money due to the colonias served by the district.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. Forty-nine percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in five schools. All schools are less than a mile away from the Texas–New Mexico state line. All schools and the administration building are located on the same property between 4th Street and Magdalena to the east and west and Poplar Street–Elm Street and Wildcat Drive. The district property, including the sports fields, takes up at least a dozen square town blocks.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Anthony High School participates in the boys sports of Track and Field, basketball, football. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball, Track and Field and volleyball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Anthony High School will play football in UIL Class 3A.
School safety.
Security is provided with a cooperative agreement with the Anthony Police Department. A designated full-time school resource officer is assigned to the schools during school hours as well as frequent patrols by duty officers after hours. Additional officers are provided for sports and other large events.

</doc>
<doc id="5998482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998482" title="A.S.D. Astrea">
A.S.D. Astrea

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Astrea, simply known as Astrea, is an Italian association football club located in Rome, Lazio. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1948.
Astrea is the team of the Italian "Polizia Penitenziaria", the police corp in charge of the control of prisons.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5998487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998487" title="Gordon Wallace (footballer born 1955)">
Gordon Wallace (footballer born 1955)

Gordon Wallace (born 6 January 1955) is a retired Scottish-Canadian soccer player who played professional in the North American Soccer League and earned nine caps with the Canadian men's national soccer team.
National team.
A forward, Wallace started in three games for Canada in the fall of 1973 in a friendlies away against Luxembourg and twice against Haiti. He played three more times in 1974 in friendlies played away against Bermuda, East Germany, and as a substitute against Poland. He did not play again until 1980 when he started in New Zealand, and came on as a substitute against Honduras and Guatemala. In his nine appearances he did not score any goals.
Professional.
Wallace played club soccer in the NASL for the Montreal Manic in 1973, Toronto Metros in 1974, and the Toronto Blizzard in the summers of 1980 and 81. He also played for the Montreal Castors of the Canadian National Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="5998491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998491" title="Queensland Softball Association">
Queensland Softball Association

Brief history.
Softball was played in Brisbane in 1945 at Victoria Park by a group of enthusiastic "youngsters" who had either learnt to play softball at the Bedford Playground in Spring Hill or from the American troops who were camped in the grounds of the Hendra School. Two of the "youngsters" shared their enthusiasm for their new sport with an acquaintance, an American named Mack Gilley, who had also been involved in the softball competition played by the American troops stationed in Brisbane. Mack Gilley was soon umpiring their games at Victoria Park.
In 1946 the Queensland Women's Softball Association was formed with Mack Gilley its President and Mrs Gough, the Secretary/Treasurer. Through his association with the Queensland Baseball Association, Mack Gilley subsequently negotiated to have a softball competition at Perry Park in the summer months while baseball was in recess. Five teams, Laurel White, Laurel Green, Carlton 1 and Carlton 2 and Checkers played in the metropolitan competition. In 1947 the first Australian Women's Championship was held in Brisbane with players and officials from the metropolitan competition representing Queensland at the Championship. The following years would see several players and officials from the metropolitan competition represent Queensland at Australian Women's Championships with the exception of 1948 when there was no Australian Championship and 1952 and 1957 when a Queensland team did not compete. In 1949 the first Australian Women's Team played New Zealand in Melbourne with players and an official from the metropolitan competition representing Australia in the international tournament. The following years would also see several players and officials from the metropolitan competition go on to represent Australia at international tournaments.
Softball numbers increased, games were played at wherever a ground could be found, the competition was administered by the Metropolitan Delegates and Executive Committees of the Queensland Women's Softball Association and in January 1953 the first Intercity Carnival was held in Brisbane, with four teams competing in the Carnival, Brisbane, Ipswich, Maryborough and Townsville. 1954 saw the Intercity Carnival held again in Brisbane with six teams competing, two from Brisbane, Ipswich, Toowoomba, Townsville and Lismore. Two Brisbane teams competed in the Intercity Carnival in Maryborough in 1955 and in Townsville in 1956.Three representative teams (two senior teams and a junior team) competed in the Intercity Carnival in Toowoomba in 1957 and in Cairns in 1958. In 1959 the Intercity Carnival became known as the State Carnival and again three Brisbane representative teams competed in the Carnival in Brisbane.
The following years saw softball continue to grow and the metropolitan competition continue to be administered by the Metropolitan Delegates and Executive Committees of the Queensland Women's Softball Association. The Metropolitan Umpires Committee allocated umpiring, St Johns Ambulance administered first aid, three Brisbane representative teams competed in State Carnivals and a senior and junior representative team competed in the Luchterhand Shield and the Jones Trophy, which were intercity competitions between Toowoomba, Gatton and Maryborough. Softball games were televised on ABC Channel 2 and 1960/61 saw Downey Park the only ground used for the season. The metropolitan competition now had a place it could call home.
In April 1964 plans were put in place to establish a new metropolitan association. In May 1965, at a Special Metropolitan Delegates Committee Meeting of the Queensland Women's Softball Association, the Brisbane Women's Softball Association was formed. The first Annual General Meeting of the Brisbane Women's Softball Association was held in September 1965 and Ruby Robinson was elected as the Patroness, Audrey McLaughlin, President, Keith Burke, Des Knight, Eunice Loff, Merv Lane, P McArthur and J Nixon, Vice Presidents, Vera Burke, Secretary, K McNamara, Assistant Secretary, Elaine Robinson, Treasurer and Dale Woodforth, Assistant Treasurer. Mrs Penwarn became Secretary in January 1966.
23 Clubs affiliated with the Brisbane Women's Softball Association for the 1965/66 season—Athletics, Brisbane Bears, Cannon Hill Stars, Hawks, Inala Carltons, Kedron Park Teachers College, Magpies, Mitchelton Missiles, Mt Gravatt Eagles, Oxley Rockets, Pandas, Panthers, Rebels, Saints, Spiro Tots, Southside Scamps, T-Jets, Tramway Terrors, University, Wildcats, Windsors, Wolves and WRAAC and 66 teams participated in the competition at Downey Park. The Brisbane Umpires Committee allocated umpiring, St Johns Ambulance administered first aid, three Brisbane representative teams competed in the State Carnival, Brisbane affiliated with the Queensland Women's Softball Association and also hosted the Australian Women's Championship in March 1966. It was reported "that the first season of the BWSA was very successful".
State teams.
The Queensland Softball Association attends all ASF National Championships
For the 2006 Championships the following was entered

</doc>
<doc id="5998505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998505" title="NER Class E1">
NER Class E1

The North Eastern Railway Class E1, classified as Class J72 by the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) is a class of small 0-6-0T steam locomotives designed by Wilson Worsdell for shunting. They had inside cylinders and Stephenson valve gear.
They were a development of the earlier NER Class E (LNER Class J71) 0-6-0T designed by T.W. Worsdell who was Wilson Worsdell's brother.
Build dates.
A total of 113 locomotives were built:
This is a rare example of a class which was built, substantially unchanged, under pre-grouping, post-grouping and British Railways administration.
Numbering.
British Railways numbers were:
Preservation.
One of the BR built engines, No. 69023, survives and is owned by the North Eastern Locomotive Preservation Group. It has worked on several preserved railways. It has been named "Joem", though it never carried this name in service.

</doc>
<doc id="5998506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998506" title="Anton Independent School District">
Anton Independent School District

Anton Independent School District is a public school district based in Anton, Texas (USA). The district operates one high school, Anton High School.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $120,850,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.000 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. Forty-nine percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Special programs.
Athletics.
Anton High School participates in the boys sports of basketball, football, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sport of basketball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Anton High School will play six-man football in Class 1A 6-man Football Division I.

</doc>
<doc id="5998517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998517" title="Sattar Hamedani">
Sattar Hamedani

Sattar Hamedani (, born June 6, 1974 in Tabriz) is a retired Iranian football player. He usually played in the midfielder position. He is current assistant manager of Esteghlal.
Club career.
He played for a few clubs, including Teraktor Sazi F.C., Keshavarz F.C., Payam Khorasan, Bahman F.C., Esteghlal F.C., Al Nasr and Pas F.C.. He now plays for Shirin Faraz Kermanshah F.C.. He served his golden days in Esteghlal.
International career.
Hamedani made 41 appearances for the Iran national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5998520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998520" title="Onesilus">
Onesilus

Onesilus or Onesilos (; died 497 BC) was the brother of king Gorgos (Gorgus) of the Greek city-state of Salamis on the island of Cyprus. He is known through the work of Herodotus ("Histories", V.104–115).
Cyprus was a part of the Persian Empire but when the Ionians rebelled from Persian rule, Onesilos used the occasion to capture the city of Salamis and usurp his brother’s throne; he was able to win every city on the island except for the Graeco-Phoenician city-state of Amathus, which stayed loyal to the Persians.
In 497 BC, the Persians, with the help of the Phoenician navy, mounted an attack on Cyprus. Some of the Ionian colonies sent ships to assist Onesilos. In the ensuing battle, the Ionian fleet was able to defeat the Phoenician navy. Onesilos then led an army against the Persian general, Artybius. While Artybius was killed, the Persians won the battle during which Onesilos was killed. As a result, the Ionian fleet retreated from Cyprus and five months later, the Persians regain control of Cyprus. Onesilos’ brother, Gorgus Chersides, was then reinstated by the Persians as king of Salamis.

</doc>
<doc id="5998522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998522" title="Apple Springs Independent School District">
Apple Springs Independent School District

Apple Springs Independent School District is a public school district based in Apple Springs, Texas (USA).
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $29,249,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.000 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2002, Apple Springs High School was recognized by Texas Monthly as one of the top ten high schools in Texas in its economic group, based on ranking by the National Center for Educational Accountability.
In 2011, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. Forty-nine percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in two schools.
Football.
The school has a unique relationship with the nearby Hudson Independent School District.
Apple Springs participates in six-man football but does not offer a band program, while Hudson has a band but does not participate in football. Therefore, the Hudson band participates at Apple Springs games. The unusual relationship was filmed by the crew of the popular Texas Country Reporter. The television show aired on November 16, 2008. Additional sports offered include volleyball, cross country, basketball, track, and baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="5998523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998523" title="Olesya Rulin">
Olesya Rulin

Olesya Yurivna Rulin (; born March 17, 1986) is a Russian American actress. She is best known for co-starring in the first three films of the "High School Musical" franchise as Kelsi Nielsen. She also starred in the films "" (2008) and "Flying By" (2009).
Early life.
Rulin was born in Moscow, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. She spent her early childhood in Likhoslavl.
Rulin was eight when she emigrated to the United States to rejoin her father who had done so two years earlier. They lived first in Texas then later in Utah.
Rulin is also a trained ballet dancer. When she was 12, she entered a model search contest at the urging of her mother and won representation by four different agencies.
Prior to acting full-time, she worked for a year as a certified nursing assistant and also at stores such as Victoria's Secret; she was working at a Nordstrom store when the first "High School Musical" came out. She was studying economics in Paris when the casting for "High School Musical 2" was being done. Rulin graduated from West Jordan High School in 2005.
She can read, write and speak in fluent Russian.
Acting career.
In addition to her role in "High School Musical" and "High School Musical 2", and "High School Musical 3", her other credits include the Disney Channel Original Movies "Halloweentown High", "The Poof Point" and "Hounded", the television series "Everwood" and the feature films "Forever Strong", "Mobsters and Mormons" and "The Dance". Rulin's part in "High School Musical 2" was significantly larger than the first movie, including a solo in "You Are The Music In Me" and a few lines in "Work This Out". Rulin reprised her role as Kelsi Nielsen in "", also with a larger part, and performed in three songs, one of them being a duet alongside Lucas Grabeel. Rulin is also co-starred alongside Jessica Simpson in the film "Major Movie Star" (released in the United States under the title "Private Valentine: Blonde & Dangerous"). In 2009, Rulin co-starred with Billy Ray Cyrus and Heather Locklear in a drama film "Flying By".

</doc>
<doc id="5998547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998547" title="Aquilla Independent School District">
Aquilla Independent School District

Aquilla Independent School District is a public school district based in Aquilla, Texas (USA). The district operates one high school, Aquilla High School, that serves students in grades pre-kindergarten through twelve.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $52,154,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.117 and the bond tax rate was $0.007 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in two schools. 
Special programs.
Athletics.
Aquilla High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, football, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sport of basketball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Aquilla High School will play six-man football in Class 1A 6-man Football Division I.

</doc>
<doc id="5998555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998555" title="Wilson Worsdell">
Wilson Worsdell

Wilson Worsdell (1850–1920) was an English locomotive engineer who was locomotive superintendent of the North Eastern Railway from 1890 to 1910. He was the younger brother of T.W. Worsdell. Wilson was born at Monks Coppenhall, near Crewe on 7 September 1850 to Nathaniel and Mary Worsdell; he was their tenth child and fourth son. In 1860 he was sent as a boarder to Ackworth, a Quaker school in Yorkshire.
Career.
Wilson Worsdell worked at Crewe for a short time, then moved to the USA to work at the Altoona Works of the Pennsylvania Railroad. He returned to England in 1871 and worked for the London and North Western Railway (LNWR). In 1883, he became an Assistant Locomotive Superintendent of the North Eastern Railway (NER). Wilson's brother, Thomas William Worsdell was Locomotive Superintendent of the NER from 1885 to 1890. When Thomas William retired, Wilson replaced him as the NER's Locomotive Superintendent.
Patents.
Wilson Worsdell has only one known patent:
Family.
Wilson Worsdell was a son of Nathaniel Worsdell (1809–1886), and grandson of the coachbuilder Thomas Clarke Worsdell (1788–1862). His eldest brother, William (1838–1916), was also a locomotive engineer. T. C. Worsdell had become a Quaker at some point between 1812 and 1816, and his descendants, including Nathaniel, William and Wilson, were brought up in the Quaker faith.

</doc>
<doc id="5998562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998562" title="Asham Wood">
Asham Wood

Asham Wood () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest near Downhead in the Mendip Hills, Somerset, notified in 1963.
Asham Wood is the largest and most diverse of the ancient semi-natural woods in the Mendips. It has been the subject of controversy and attempts to protect the environment from increased quarrying activity in the area.
The wood occupies 2 deep valleys and the intervening plateau. Most of the underlying
rocks are calcareous Carboniferous Limestone and Shales, but Devonian Portishead Beds
outcrop along the northern valley. There are a range of unusual flora and fauna.
At Asham Wood near Frome coppicing and 50 dormouse boxes have been introduced in order to encourage nesting. The boxes are monitored and dormice numbers are recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="5998568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998568" title="Ali Akbar Ostad-Asadi">
Ali Akbar Ostad-Asadi

Ali Akbar Ostad-Asadi or Ostadasadli () (born 17 September 1965 in Tabriz) is a retired Iranian football player.
He played for a few clubs, most notably Zob Ahan FC and in the final years of his career Mashin Sazi of Tabriz.
He made 33 appearances for the Iran national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5998570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998570" title="Philippine Science High School Eastern Visayas Campus">
Philippine Science High School Eastern Visayas Campus

The Philippine Science High School Eastern Visayas Campus (PSHS-EVC) is one of the campuses of the Philippine Science High School System located at Pawing, Palo, Leyte. 
History.
The creation of the PSHS Eastern Visayas Campus was signed into law on 10 April 1992 through Republic Act 7373 known as "An Act Establishing The Eastern Visayas Science High School".
By virtue of Republic Act 8057, the school was officially renamed as a campus of the PSHS System. The school officially started its operations on 4 July 1994.
In 1997, Republic Act 8496 known as "An Act To Establish The Philippine Science High School System And Providing Funds Therefor" unified all existing PSHS campuses into a single system of governance and management. The school is currently under the supervision of its campus director, Reynaldo Garnace.
As part of the PSHS System mission, the Eastern Visayas Campus provides scholarships to students with high aptitude in both science and mathematics, "helping the country reach a critical mass of professionals in science and technology".
Its students come from various parts of Eastern Visayas. The students hailing from the provinces of Biliran, Eastern Samar, Leyte, Northern Samar, Samar,CALBAYOG,TACLOBAN,MAASIN,JARO,CARIGARA and Southern Leyte ensure a highly diversified culture on-campus.

</doc>
<doc id="5998580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998580" title="Valerophenone">
Valerophenone

Valerophenone, or butyl phenyl ketone, is an aromatic ketone. It is a colorless liquid with a flash point of 102 °C. Valerophenone is used as a tool in the study of various photochemical processes.
Valerophenone is also an inhibitor of the enzyme carbonyl reductase.

</doc>
<doc id="5998582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998582" title="Aransas County Independent School District">
Aransas County Independent School District

Aransas County Independent School District is an independent county-wide school district based in 
Rockport, Texas, United States. The district serves a area that covers most of Aransas County, including the city of Rockport, the town of Fulton, and the unincorporated communities of Holiday Beach and Lamar.
History.
The first public school in Aransas County was instituted in 1884 where the Rockport city water tower once stood. In 1886 a one-room school house was built in Fulton. A one-room school at Sparks Colony followed. The school met in various places and land was sought for the location of a permanent building to house the school. The land was purchased and the building completed in 1892. It was constructed at the site of present day Rockport Elementary. On May 17, 1907, four girls and two boys graduated from the Rockport High School in a ceremony held at the Bailey Pavilion, built over the water across from where the Wells Fargo Bank now stands. It was the first graduating class in the history of the school.
Between 1893 and 1949, seven Common School Districts were in existence in the county. In June 1949, these districts voted to consolidate and became the Aransas County Independent School District.
In 1935 Rockport School was erected, now known as Rockport Elementary. In 1953, a new high school was opened at its present location on a site between Fulton and Rockport. In 1957 Fulton Elementary School opened; and in 1988 an additional building on the south side of the existing campus was completed. In September 1963, classes were opened in the new Junior High; and in September, 1967, the Live Oak Elementary School was opened. The most recent construction was Rockport-Fulton Middle School and renovations to Rockport-Fulton High School connecting the high school to the old Jr. High, creating a larger campus to service the High School students of Aransas County.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $2,456,442,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.005 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in five schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="5998592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998592" title="Paul MacKinnon">
Paul MacKinnon

Paul Gregory MacKinnon (born November 6, 1958 in Brantford, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman.
Selected by the Washington Capitals in the 1978 NHL Entry Draft, MacKinnon signed to play with the Winnipeg Jets of the World Hockey Association. The Capitals reclaimed MacKinnon back prior to the 1979–80 season, where he played until the end of the 1983–84 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="5998598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998598" title="Nader Mohammadkhani">
Nader Mohammadkhani

Nader Mohammadkhani (, born August 23, 1963 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian football player.
He played for the Iran national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. On 21 January 2000 he officially retired at half-time during a testimonial match (Iran vs Asia All-Stars).

</doc>
<doc id="5998609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998609" title="New South Wales Softball Association">
New South Wales Softball Association

State teams.
The New South Wales Softball Association attends all ASF National Championships
For the 2006 Championships the following was entered:
Associations.
Campbelltown & District Softball Association
Division: Southern Metropolitan
Website: http://www.campbelltown.softball.net.au
Grounds: Milton park 
Central Coast Softball Association
Division: Northern Metropolitan
Website: http://www.centralcoast.softball.net.au
Grounds: Tuggerah Oval
Cumberland Nepean Softball Association
Division Northern Metropolitan
Website: http://www.cumberland.softball.net.au
Grounds: International Peace Park & Stanhope Gardens
Georges River Softball Association
Division Southern Metropolitan
Website http://www.georgesriver.softball.net.au
Ground Kelso Park Softball Complex
Hawkesbury Softball Association
Division Northern Metropolitan
Website http://www.hawkesbury.softball.net.au
Hornsby District Softball Association
Division Northern Metropolitan
Website http://www.hornsby.softball.net.au
Ground Hayes Park, Galston
Illawarra District Softball Association
Division Southern Metropolitan
Website http://www.illawarra.softball.net.au
Ground Albion Park Oval, Albion Park Rail & Reed Park, Dapto
Softball Macarthur
Division Southern Metropolitan
Website http://www.macarthur.softball.net.au
Ground Cowpasture Reserve, Argyle Street, Camden
Manly Warringah Softball Association
Division Northern Metropolitan
Website http://www.mwsa.com.au
Ground Abbot Road, Harbord
Newcastle & District Softball Association
Division Northern Metropolitan
Website http://www.newcastle.softball.net.au
Ground Stevenson Park, Stevenson Ave, Mayfield West
North Shore District Softball Association
Division Northern Metropolitan
Website http://www.northshore.softball.net.au
Ground William Cowan Oval, St Ives Village Green, Bryce Oval, St Ives
Penrith City Softball Association
Division Southern Metropolitan
Website http://www.penrith.softball.net.au
Ground Surveyors Creek Softball Facility, Glenmore Park
Southern Districts Softball Association
Division Southern Metropolitan
Website http://www.southerndistrictsnsw.softball.net.au
Ground Jacquie Osmond Softball Centre
Sutherland Shire Softball Association
Division Southern Metropolitan
Website http://www.sutherland.softball.net.au
Ground Captain Cook Reserve, Woolooware
Country Affiliates 
Camden Haven/Port Macquarie Softball Association
Division Northern Country
Ground Finlay Park, Port Macquarie
Coffs Harbour Softball Association
Division Northern Country
Ground Rugby Park, Toormina
Far North Coast Softball Association
Division Northern Country
Website http://www.fnc.softball.net.au 
Ground Albert Park
Inverell Softball Association
Division Northern Country
Ground McIntrye Park, Inverell
Lower Clarence Softball Association
Division Northern Country
Ground Wherett Park, Maclean
Macleay Valley Softball Association
Division Northern Country
Ground Kemp Street Fields, Kempsey
Manning River Softball Association
Division Northern Country
Mudgee Softball Association
Division Southern Country
Website http://www.mudgee.softball.net.au 
Ground Mudgee
Orange & District Softball Association
Division Southern Country
Website http://www.orange.softball.net.au 
Ground Sir Jack Brabham Park, Orange
Singleton Softball Association
Division Northern Country
Ground Rose Point Park, Singleton
Southern Highlands Softball Association
Division Southern Country
Ground OLSH, Centennial Rd, Bowral
Tamworth Softball Association
Division Northern Country
Website http://www.tamworth.softball.net.au 
Ground Riverside Park, Carter Street, Tamworth
Tweed District Softball Association
Division Northern Country
Website http://www.tweed.softball.net.au 
Ground Piggabeen Regional Sports Complex
Wagga Wagga Softball Association
Division Southern Country
Website http://www.waggawagga.softball.net.au 
Ground French Fields, Walteela Avenue

</doc>
<doc id="5998614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998614" title="Aransas Pass Independent School District">
Aransas Pass Independent School District

Aransas Pass Independent School District is a public school district based in Aransas Pass, Texas (USA). Aransas Pass serves portions of Aransas, Nueces, and San Patricio counties, including the city of Aransas Pass. The district operates one high school, Aransas Pass High School.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $625,578,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.103 and the bond tax rate was $0.004 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. Forty-nine percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in six schools. 
Special programs.
Athletics.
Aransas Pass High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, football, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball, softball, and volleyball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Aransas Pass High School will play football in Class 2A Division I.
In 1998 the Panthers was 3a division 2 state semifinalists. In was by far the best team in AP history.

</doc>
<doc id="5998618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998618" title="Aankhen (2002 film)">
Aankhen (2002 film)

Aankhen (Hindi: आँखें, Urdu: آنکھیں, translation: "Eyes") is a 2002 Bollywood heist thriller dramafilm directed by debutant Vipul Amrutlal Shah and starring an ensemble cast of Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, Arjun Rampal, Paresh Rawal and Sushmita Sen in the lead roles, while Bipasha Basu and Kashmira Shah appear in cameos. The film is an adaptation of Shah's own Gujarati play "Andhalo Pato" (Blindman's Buff).
The film tells the story of Vijay Singh Rajput (Bachchan) a hard-working but temperamental man, who has spent all his life working for one bank and even achieving them International recognition. When Vijay loses his mind and goes on a violent rampage beating up another employee, he is subsequently fired. He decides to take vengeance by organising a full on heist, and having the same bank robbed by three blind men, as no one will suspect them.
"Aankhen" had its worldwide premiere in Malaysia at the 3rd IIFA Awards ceremony on 5 April 2002. Upon release "Aankhen" received acclaim from critics and cinema-goers alike, for its unusual storyline, well executed direction and acting, with Bachchan and Akshay Kumar drawing maximum accolades for their performances. The film performed moderately well at the box office and was nominated in several award categories in 2002/03, although it didn't win any.
Plot.
Obsessive and temperamental bank manager Vijay Singh Rajput (Bachchan) loses his job after badly beating up a bank clerk who tried to embezzle money. Angered at losing his job he plots revenge on the bank by intending to stage a heist. He employs three blind men – Vishwas (Kumar),a blind person who has the power of the sixth sense, Ilyaas (Rawal) and Arjun (Rampal) — when, after passing by school for the blind, he understands that blind people can be trained to do things like sighted people. He blackmails and enlists the help of Neha (Sushmita Sen) who is a teacher at the school to train the trio to do the seemingly impossible heist. He chose blind people because they as robbers would never be suspected as no one would believe blind people can rob a bank.
The bank robbery is successful, with the jewels safely captured by the three. However, in the process of robbing the bank, Ilyaas's face is exposed, captured in footage and prompting city-wide posters with his face. Meanwhile, Mr. Rajput anxiously tries to extort information from Vishwas and Arjun regarding the jewels and their location. Unable to answer, as they did not collect the items, they try to defer the answer by changing subjects. Ultimately, it is revealed that Ilyaas is the one with complete knowledge of the box's belongings. Meanwhile, tensions rise between Rajput and Neha; the latter resists the abusive nature of Rajput and his obnoxious harassing of Vishwas and Arjun. Arjun confesses his love to Neha, who reveals that she is associated in the plot only for the well-being of her younger brother, Rahul, who has been kidnapped by Rajput.
In a furious attempt, the police try to locate Ilyaas. Ilyaas lands up at Rajput's place after getting drunk. Rajput tries several ways to force Ilyaas into revealing the location of the box. Unable to generate an answer, he slams Ilyaas, who falls on the ground and injures his eyes, causing bleeding. Even in this scenario, Rajput tries to get the information, but Vishwas and Arjun resist and claim that they will reveal the location if Ilyaas is treated by paramedics. Rajput send them to get Dr. Siddiqui. Vishwas senses that Ilyaas is in danger and Arjun and Vishwas double back to the training center to save him. Rajput starts to harass Ilyaas by tickling him to force him to reveal the answer. In the action, Ilyaas falls of the balcony and dies. Unable to bear the shock of the death, Neha pulls a gun on Rajput and threatens to reveal everything to the police if he does not leave her and the other two alone. Rajput notifies Neha that all these acts were done under her training, and he is spotless. Unable to bear this fact, Neha shoots herself, just as Vishwas and Arjun return after hearing loud screams.
Both men gang up on Rajput and try to attack him. Once Rajput realises that the men are ignorant about the jewels, he starts shooting them. The police arrive, and confusion ensues. Vishwas and Arjun come out and claim that Rajput is abusing them while he claims that there is a big conspiracy involving the two men, Neha and Ilyaas. Unable to believe that blind men can ransack a bank and amidst Rajput's impassioned defence, the police start getting suspicious. In the heat of defending himself, Rajput reveals that he had sent over Ilyaas, thus confessing his crime.
In the end Rajput is locked away. Vishwas and Arjun decide to take care of Rahul and ultimately find the jewels – they were hidden in Ilyaas' musical instrument.
In an alternate ending for overseas viewers Rajput bribes the cop and is set free. Vishwas and Arjun are sitting in a train (waiting for it to depart) and Rajput is standing on the platform with a smile on his face. He then warns them that "A dangerous game is about to begin", after which Vishwas and Arjun both draw their guns, before the film then ends.
Production.
The film's working title was ""All The Best"" but was later changed for numerology reasons and to better suit Indian audiences. Originally Raveena Tandon was cast for the role of Neha, but she was unexpectedly dropped and replaced by Sushmita Sen. Sen in turn made a lot of preparations for her role as a teacher to the blind. She visited schools for the blind and interacted with the students for a more-realistic feel to her role.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Aankhen received mostly positive reviews from critics. Priya Ganapati from "Rediff.com" said,
Akshay Shah of Planet-Bollywood said,
N K Deoshi of Apunkachoice rated it 3 out 5 saying,
"Aankhen" was named by "Zee News", in a list of Kumar's best films.
Box office.
Aankhen opened well at the Indian box office. The film made Rs 471.9 million net altogether and was declared an "above average" grosser. It was also the fourth-highest-grossing Bollywood film of 2002. The film was also a success in South Africa, opening to packed houses and grossing $14,600 on the weekend, despite a limited release. However in the United Kingdom, the film was an outright disaster, due to tough competition from Hollywood films.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was composed by Aadesh Shrivastav and Jatin-Lalit. Lyrics were penned by Prasoon Joshi, Praveen Bharadwaj and Nitin Raikwar.
Controversy.
The film broiled into controversy when producer Doshi did not give the director Shah any credit on the films DVD. The fallout had began between the two on the sets of the film, after a number of creative differences, which led to allegations of plagiarism and counter-allegations. The DVD's front cover had Doshi's name written on it and the back cover had the director's name as Vipul Doshi instead of Vipul Shah. Shah then decided to legal action against Doshi, who refused to take responsibility for the director’s missing credit.
Copycat Crimes.
Between 2004/05, two bank robberies occurred on Mira Road in Maharashtra by a man named Feroz Sheikh and several accomplices, who were said to have been inspired by the film. The robbers took of several lakh rupees (100,000), and planned to use it to start a business. The culprits were eventually nabbed but not all the money was recovered.
PC Game.
A computer game based on film was created for promotional purposes in a tie in with "IndiaFM" and "Hungama.com" (Now collectively known as "Bollywood Hungama"). It was launched at the IIFA press conference on 14 March 2002. The game is now easily available to find on the internet.
Sequel.
The sequel was first announced in 2006 and has been in production since shortly after the release on "Aankhen". The director Shah was dropped due to differences with producer Doshi, and directing duties will be taken over by Sachin. Pre-production work has been wrapped up, but shooting is yet to begin as Bachchan has been unable to give dates due to his health declining. The film not retain the original cast with the exception of Bachchan, and is likely to go on floors at the end of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5998634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998634" title="Snickers (disambiguation)">
Snickers (disambiguation)

Snickers is a brand of peanut, caramel and chocolate-based confectionery bar. 
Snickers may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5998636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998636" title="Sevenhampton, Wiltshire">
Sevenhampton, Wiltshire

Sevenhampton is a small village in the ceremonial county of Wiltshire, England, to the north-east of Swindon. It lies at the bottom of a valley, with fairly steep climbs out of the village in both directions.
The place-name 'Sevenhampton' is first attested in 1212 as 'Suvenhantone', and means "town of the dwellers at a locality called 'seven wells' or the like".
Sevenhampton is the burial site of James Bond author Ian Fleming, whose grave is marked by an obelisk in the churchyard. Also buried with him are his son Caspar and his widow Ann.
The village is not served by any public transport and is a two-mile walk from the nearest bus stop at South Marston.
Maranatha Christian School is an independent school located in the village.
Sevenhampton is also home to Central Hall Cricket Club.
Also found in Sevenhampton is Roves Farm Visitor Centre. This family run farm park offers lots of hands on farmyard fun Including Tractor Trailer Rides, Animal Feeding and Handling and large Indoor and Outdoor Play Areas.
They also run Special Themed events during all school holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="5998645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998645" title="Archer City Independent School District">
Archer City Independent School District

Archer City Independent School District is a public school district based in Archer City, Texas (USA). Archer City serves much of Archer County, including the city of Archer City and most of the city of Scotland.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $174,509,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.102 and the bond tax rate was $0.008 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in two schools. 
Special programs.
Athletics.
Archer City High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, and football. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball, softball, and volleyball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Archer City High School will play football in UIL Class 2A Division II.

</doc>
<doc id="5998649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998649" title="James Pearson Wells">
James Pearson Wells

James Pearson Wells (January 11, 1822 – August 24, 1893) was an Ontario farmer and political figure. He represented York North in the 1st Canadian Parliament as a Liberal member.
He was born in Aurora in Upper Canada in 1822, the son of John Wells, was educated in York County and settled in King Township. Wells married Lydia Norman. He served as reeve for King Township from 1860 to 1863. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada in the North riding of York in 1863 and was elected to the federal parliament after Confederation. He died in Aurora at the age of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="5998652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998652" title="Shanmaghery">
Shanmaghery

Shanmaghery or Shanmaghry () is a small hamlet and townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, situated three miles from Pomeroy and three miles from Galbally. It is situated in the barony of Dungannon Middle and the civil parish of Pomeroy and covers an area of 426 acres. Shanmaghery still remains partially an isolated area spanning one small road and several country lanes that straddle hilly countryside with excellent views of Tyrone and beyond.
The main road from Pomeroy to Dungannon which passes Shanmaghery has a classic view of Shanmaghery on a hillside. On a clear night the lights from far as Belfast can be seen. Other spectacles are the mountains of Pomeroy, Lough Neagh, and the Sperrin Mountains, where six counties can be seen on a clear day. The area consists of farming land as it may have through the centuries, mainly cattle farming. Most of the people living in the area have ancestral links going back many generations. Through the last twenty five years many changes have taken place such as the building of new homes the abandoning of old dwellings and modern farming techniques. These have changed in some forms the character of the area but culturally very little has changed. Long since dead former inhabitants are fondly remembered such as Peter McGaheys whose families lived in and around Shanmaghery probably for many generations. The crossroads below his homestead is called McGaheys Crossroads. Further up on Shanmaghery hill is another well known area called Paul’s planting. Paul's Planting was harvested by local quarry men as it was disrupting their plans for rock removal with the assistance of Charlie Donnelly. When questioned by conservationists they claimed the site was of no historical significance.
In 1841 the population of the townland was 193 people (33 houses) and in 1851 it was 161 people (27 houses). 
Local Interest.
The townland contains one Scheduled Historic Monument: Wedge tomb (grid ref: H7065 6850). The stones forming the ante-chamber and burial chamber can be seen, but none of the roof lintels have survived. There is substantial cairn material and the burial chamber is filled with rubble. 
Lord Patsy Taig, 6th generation of the Quinn clan has a small estate and is a well known local resident.
Gortavoy Bridge.
Gortavoy Bridge is a modern residential area located on the main (B43) road linking Pomeroy to Donaghmore. The local homesteads of Corrycroar and Coolmaghry are nearby. It takes its name from the local bridge. At the rear of Gortavoy Bridge the now dismantled railway line to Pomeroy is situated. A number of bridges in the area are still in use to provide access to local areas.

</doc>
<doc id="5998654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998654" title="Western Australia Softball Association">
Western Australia Softball Association

Brief history.
WASA was established in 1949. Our first games were played at Wellington Square East Perth, moving to Langley park in the early 1950s. On 22 September 1991 WASA's very own purpose built facility was opened, and is currently the headquarters for softball in WA located at Lot 27 Chesterfield Road Mirrabooka (opposite Herb Graham Recreation Centre). The facility boasts an air conditioned bar area which provides a comfortable viewing area for patrons to watch games in comfort or wind down after a match. There are four diamonds all with lighting enabling games to be played at night. WASA has in excess of 100 member clubs including approximately 40 metropolitan clubs and 30 country affiliates spanning the vast areas of WA. In total Softball has in excess of 4,000 playing members
State teams.
The Western Australia Softball Association attends all ASF National Championships
For the 2006 Championships the following was entered
Associations.
Bayswater Morley Softball Club [link:http://www.bayswatermorley.softball.org.au]
Monarchs Softball Club [link:http://www.bayswatermorley.softball.org.au]

</doc>
<doc id="5998659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998659" title="Catherston Leweston">
Catherston Leweston

Catherston Leweston is a small village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southwest England. It lies in the West Dorset administrative district, approximately northeast of Lyme Regis. Dorset County Council estimate that in 2012 the population of the parish was 40.
The village's Tudor-style manor house was built in 1887 and the Blue Lias-built church dates from 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="5998663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998663" title="Argyle Independent School District">
Argyle Independent School District

Argyle Independent School District is a public school district based in Argyle, Texas (USA). The district operates one high school, Argyle High School.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $1,032,239,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.040 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in five schools. 
Special programs.
Athletics.
Argyle High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, cross country, football, soccer, track and field, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball, cross country, softball, soccer, track and field, and volleyball.
Clubs.
The school features a newspaper operated by students called "The Talon". 

</doc>
<doc id="5998671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998671" title="Sea of Zanj">
Sea of Zanj

The Sea of Zanj is a former name for that portion of the western Indian Ocean adjacent to the East African region referred to by medieval Arab geographers as Zanj. The islands of the Sea of Zanj included Mauritius, Seychelles, Madagascar, and Réunion. These islands have had a complex and bloody history as a result of various waves of invaders and colonists over many centuries. The South African historian, T.V Bulpin, wrote a book detailing the history of these islands called "Islands in a Forgotten Sea". Madagascar was settled by tribes from the Indonesian island of Borneo, the only such contact between Southeast Asia and Africa. Mauritius, originally uninhabited, was fought over by the Dutch, the British, and the French, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="5998672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998672" title="Gaetano D'Agostino">
Gaetano D'Agostino

Gaetano D'Agostino (born 3 June 1982) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie B club Siena. Usually a playmaker, D'Agostino is best known for his incisive passing.
Club career.
He was brought up in the Palermo youth system, in Roma youth system only for two seasons because he was progressing enormously and, in 2001, went to Bari with co-ownership rights as part of the deal that brought Antonio Cassano to Roma. He was tagged for 5 billion Italian lire for 50% of the rights He then came back to Roma for €1,291,142 and signed a new 3-year contract in June 2003 in but did not figure much.
Messina.
In January 2005 he was loaned to Messina on loan with option to sign in co-ownership deal for €750,000. In ½seasons at Messina, he made 42 appearances and scored 4 goals, being instrumental for the club's impressive performances in the Serie A league, including a seventh place in 2004–05, the best top flight placement in Messina history. 
In June 2006 Messina bought remain rights for €60.000.
Udinese.
On 7 July 2006 he was bought by Udinese for a reported €1.2M, where he firmly established himself as a regular, also achieving a place in the Italian national team during his stay with the Friuli-based side. He made sensational performances during the 2008–2009 Serie A season.
Fiorentina.
On 3 June 2010, he was sold to ACF Fiorentina for a reported fee between €9 and 10 million. "La Viola" later announced they signed him in a co-ownership deal, for €5.75 million. He made his debut on 29 August 2010, scoring Fiorentina's only goal in a 1–1 draw at home against Napoli.
After the injury of Riccardo Montolivo, D'Agostino partnered with Marco Donadel as the central midfielders.
Joining Siena via Udinese.
In the middle of 2011, D'Agostino returned to Udinese after they won his 50% rights in a blind auction, Udinese winning with a bid of €110,000 to €50,000. D'Agostino said that “It still hurts a little that Fiorentina didn’t keep me,” and expressed his desire to remain in Florence, having earlier said he loved living in the city. On 7 July, Siena agreed a deal to sign the playmaker.
International career.
D'Agostino was a member of the Italian U-21 squad, making 17 appearances and scoring 4 goals.
He received his first senior call-up in November 2008, but did not play, making his debut on 6 June 2009 in a friendly match against Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="5998673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998673" title="South Australia Softball Association">
South Australia Softball Association

State teams.
The South Australian Softball Association attends all ASF National Championships
For the 2006 Championships the following was entered

</doc>
<doc id="5998674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998674" title="Hyposmia">
Hyposmia

Hyposmia is a reduced ability to smell and to detect odors. A related condition is anosmia, in which no odors can be detected. Some of the causes of olfaction problems are allergies, nasal polyps, viral infections and head trauma. It is estimated that up to 4 million people in the United States have hyposmia or the related anosmia.
Hyposmia might be a very early sign of Parkinson's disease. Hyposmia is also an early and almost universal finding in Alzheimer's disease and dementia with Lewy bodies. Lifelong hyposmia could be caused by Kallmann syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="5998684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998684" title="Angelo Barretto">
Angelo Barretto

Angelo Barretto (born September 29, 1969) is a race car driver born, raised and continues to reside in the Philippines.
He is best known for his surprisingly successful performance in his European debut in 1999, participating in the Group N class of the European Sportscar Endurance Championships. He and teammate Matthew Marsh drove a BMW M3 and the pair made a slimly-missed bid for the Rookie Championship. Their most notable win was at Spa-Francorchamps of Belgium, one of the most acknowledged tracks in the world. Later that year in the same series, Barretto made a startling solo-win at Misano in Italy for which BMW affirmed his consistent good performance at unfamiliar racetracks by awarding him the Sport Pokal trophy.
Angelo has participated in various other series since, including the Le Mans Classic held at the Circuit de la Sarthe of which his team won the Inaugural event, various FIA GT events, the Guia Race of the Macau Grand Prix, and the ALMS series in America.
It is notable that Angelo Barretto, together with Perspective Racing team mates Thierry Perrier, Joao Barbosa, and Michel Neugarten, were such a recognised presence in the FIA GT series that Moby Games, manufacturers of console and PC games, included their Mosler MT900 car (car number 104) in their 2004 release of the PC-based game, GTR. IN the game, displayed prominently along the pillar and roof rim are the drivers' names and even the logo of their Philippine telecom supporter, PLDT, is emblazoned across the bonnet of the car.
To this day and despite lack of Government support, Angelo Barretto continues to contribute to the growth and development of the Philippines motorsport industry.

</doc>
<doc id="5998687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998687" title="Arp Independent School District">
Arp Independent School District

Arp Independent School District is a public school district based in Arp, Texas (USA). The district operates one high school, Arp High School.
History.
The late Everett Doerge, a Louisiana state representative from Webster Parish from 1992 to 1998, began his teaching career in Arp about 1960. So did his wife and legislative successor, Jean M. Doerge of Minden, Louisiana.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $369,413,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.023 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Forty-nine percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in four schools.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Arp High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, football, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball, softball, and volleyball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Arp High School will play football in UIL Class 2A Division II.

</doc>
<doc id="5998688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998688" title="Dragoje Leković">
Dragoje Leković

Dragoje Leković (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгоје Лековић; born 21 November 1967) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Leković was born in Sivac, Serbia, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. In his country, he played mainly for lowly Yugoslav First League outfit FK Budućnost Titograd, also spending one season with country giants Red Star Belgrade; he played in 17 of 30 games in the competition's last edition, while also starting in both legs of the domestic cup, lost to FK Partizan.
After one 1/2 seasons with another modest side, FK Mogren, Leković joined Kilmarnock in Scotland, where he started during most of his spell (which consisted of two full seasons and two-halves), being part of the squad that conquered the Scottish Cup in 1996–97, 1–0 against Falkirk.
In January 1998, Leković started an unassuming stint in Spain; he experienced relegation from La Liga and promotion from the second division respectively with Sporting de Gijón and Málaga CF, but was only second-choice in both cases. He closed out his career at nearly 37, after representing AEK Larnaca F.C. and Perth Glory FC.
International career.
Leković gained 14 caps for Yugoslavia, his debut coming on 27 April 1988 in a 0–2 friendly loss in the Republic of Ireland.
He made the country's final roster for two FIFA World Cups: 1990 and 1998, but did not see a single minute of action at either tournament, as third-choice. He later went on to represent the Serbian national team.
Previously, Leković was a member of the highly-talented Yugoslavia under-20 team that won the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship in Chile, playing all the games in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="5998699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998699" title="Aspermont Independent School District">
Aspermont Independent School District

Aspermont Independent School District is a public school district based in Aspermont, Texas (USA). The district is located in Stonewall County and a small portion of Haskell County.
Finances.
As of the 2010–2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $216,602,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.000 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011–2012 school year, the district had students in two schools. 
Special programs.
Athletics.
Aspermont High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, football, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball, softball, and volleyball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Aspermont High School will play six-man football in UIL Class 1A 6-man Football Division II.

</doc>
<doc id="5998705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998705" title="Tsagaannuur">
Tsagaannuur

Tsagaannuur (, "white lake") is a common place name in Mongolia:

</doc>
<doc id="5998715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998715" title="Bic (company)">
Bic (company)

Société Bic (commonly referred to just as Bic) is a company based in Clichy, France. They are best known for making ballpoint pens. It was founded in 1945 by Baron Marcel Bich and has become known for making disposable consumer products such as lighters, razors, and printed paper products 
Products.
In 1970 Gillette purchased S. T. Dupont Paris whose principal product was luxury cigarette lighters. During this time Dupont explored the possibilities of marketing a disposable lighter, developing an inexpensive disposable lighter called Cricket, which it introduced in the United States in 1972. Later that year Bic was test marketing a disposable lighter that could provide 3,000 lights before wearing out; Bic introduced this lighter in 1973.
They, as well as the Bic Cristal ballpoint pen, are easily recognizable as a result of their importance in pop culture. As such, they are represented in the design collection of the Museum Of Modern Art in New York. The company competes in most markets against Faber-Castell, Global Gillette, Newell Rubbermaid and Schwan-Stabilo. The Bic pen, more correctly the Bic Cristal, was the company's first product.
Ownership.
The company went public in 1958 with a reverse merger into the older Waterman Pen Company of Seymour, Connecticut, in the United States, and later sold off the older operation. The Bich family owns about 40 percent of Bic stock and controls 55% of its voting power.
In June 2010, Bic sold its funeral products division to Prairie Capital, a Chicago based private equity firm.
United States subsidiary.
After buying the Waterman Pen Company in Seymour, Connecticut in 1958, Bic needed a larger space for its U.S. headquarters and manufacturing operation, so the headquarters was moved to nearby Milford, Connecticut, where it remained on a road eventually renamed "Bic Drive" until 2008, when the headquarters moved to Shelton, Connecticut. A lighter factory remains on the Milford site.
The company's U.S. subsidiary, BIC Corporation, accounts for more than half of the worldwide company's sales. Both Bruno Bich, the current chairman of the board, who rose through the ranks in the U.S. organization, and Mario Guevara, the current chief executive officer, worked in the American subsidiary for several years.
Sponsorship.
Bic sponsored a professional cycling team in the 1960s led by Tour de France winners Jacques Anquetil and Luis Ocaña.
Bic also sponsored the Alain Prost–led Prost Grand Prix team in Formula One from 1997 to 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5998719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998719" title="Community and Youth Workers' Union">
Community and Youth Workers' Union

The Community and Youth Workers Union (CYWU) was a British trade union created in 1938 by ten female voluntary sector workers. It is now a section of the Transport and General Workers' Union. Today its members are mainly made up of youth workers, workers in youth theatre, community education, outdoor education, play workers and personal advisers/mentors.
It produces a regular magazine for members, "Rapport".
It had not authorised any national strike action prior to 2004, although the CYWU is the majority union of the Joint Negotiating Committee (JNC) for youth and community workers.
The CYWU voted to join the TGWU at its 2005 Conference. The merger was confirmed on 13 September 2006, following a vote amongst the unions membership (with 82% in favour on a 26% turnout) and approved by the Trades Union Certification Officer on January 8, 2007.[http://www.tgwu.org.uk/Templates/News.asp?NodeID=92794]
The General Secretary of CYWU is Doug Nicholls, who is also is secretary of Trade Unionists Against the EU Constitution (UK).
In 2009 the first full history of the union was published "Building Rapport: a brief history of the Community and Youth Workers' Union," by Doug NIcholls. This is available from the CYWU section office of Unite the union.

</doc>
<doc id="5998720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998720" title="Master of Saint Giles">
Master of Saint Giles

The Master of Saint Giles () was a Franco-Flemish painter active, probably in Paris, about 1500, working in a delicate Late Gothic manner, with rendering of textures and light and faithful depictions of actual interiors that show his affinities with Netherlandish painting. It is not clear whether the Master of Saint Giles was a French painter who trained in the Low Countries (perhaps more likely), or a Netherlander who emigrated to France.
His pseudonym was given him by Max Friedländer, who reconstructed part of the anonymous painter's oeuvre, starting from two panels devoted to Saint Giles (a "Miracle" and a "Mass") in the National Gallery, London, that were part of the lefthand shutter of an altarpiece, and two further panels now in Washington from the same altarpiece. The hand of an assistant can be discerned in the "Baptism of Clovis" at the National Gallery of Art, Washington, who also have a panel with "Episodes from the Life of a Bishop-Saint" - perhaps Saint Leu, Saint Denis or Saint Remy. All four panels have, or had, single grisaille figures of saints (Saints Peter, Giles, Denis and an unidentified bishop-saint) in niches, imitating sculpture, on the reverse. The Washington pair, which were in poor condition, have been separated and are lost, although photographs exist. Undoubtedly there were further panels, whose subjects cannot be guessed, as the combination of scenes is original.
Settings of the altarpiece.
The original location of the altarpiece has not yet been confirmed, although the choice of three scenes including Frankish Kings, and the very specific settings of scenes in the Abbey of Saint-Denis ("Mass of Saint Giles", London), where the Kings of France were crowned, the royal Chapel of Sainte-Chapelle ("Baptism of Clovis"), and outside the cathedral of Notre Dame de Paris ("Episodes"), suggest a commission very close to the crown, perhaps the cover for the high altar at Saint-Denis. Another candidate is the church of St Leu-St-Gilles, on the Rue Saint-Denis in Paris. The unidentified bishop-saint stands on the steps of the now vanished church of Saint-Jean-le-Rond, next door to Notre-Dame, the main entrance to which can be seen behind to the left. The small church was used as a baptistry. Opposite the cathedral is the Hôtel-Dieu. Both buildings survived until the eighteenth century, and are known from engravings. The panel with the King hunting probably shows a view of Pontoise, now in the north-western suburbs of Paris. The views shown appear very accurate where they can be confirmed by later pictures, or their survival to the present, and the view of Saint-Denis in particular is a valuable record of the church-furnishings of the day, all destroyed before or during the French Revolution.
Other works.
More specific Netherlandish connections include his adaptation of Madonna types developed by Rogier van der Weyden, evinced by the head of a lady at the Metropolitan Museum, and a "Madonna and Child", probably early, in the Louvre. To him is attributed a portrait of Philip the Handsome (Winterthur), who visited Paris in 1501, that appears to be the original version of one of the most common portrait types of this prince. There are two saints in Bern which show a more massive French style. A "Betrayal of Christ" in Brussels is a night-scene, illuminated only by a lantern. Like the Estonian-born Michael Sittow and Jean Hey (the Master of Moulins), he may demonstrate the international spread of Netherlandish style, or like Juan de Flandes, the spread of Netherlandish painters.

</doc>
<doc id="5998728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998728" title="Andrej Panadić">
Andrej Panadić

Andrej Panadić (born 9 March 1969 in Zagreb) is a Croatian football coach and a former defender. He last managed LASK Linz in 2008.
He played for Dinamo Zagreb (1988–94), Chemnitzer FC (1994–96), KFC Uerdingen 05 (1996), Hamburger SV (1997–2002), Sturm Graz (2001–02) and Nagoya Grampus Eight (2002–04).
With Dinamo Zagreb he won a Croatian Championship for the year 1993.
He played for the Yugoslavia national football team (three matches) and was a participant at the 1990 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5998730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5998730" title="David Klein (footballer)">
David Klein (footballer)

David Klein (born August 13, 1973 in Mulhouse, France) is a retired French goalkeeper.
Career.
His previous clubs include RC Strasbourg, FC Toulouse, AC Ajaccio and FC Metz.

</doc>
