<doc id="5889884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889884" title="Paul Preuss (climber)">
Paul Preuss (climber)

Paul Preuss (spelled Preuß in German; pronounced "Proyce") (19 August 1886 – 3 October 1913) was an Austrian alpinist who achieved recognition for his bold solo ascents and for his advocacy of an ethically "pure" alpinism.
Early years.
Paul Preuss was born in the mountain town of Altaussee, Austria on August 19, 1886. His father, Eduard, a Hungarian of Jewish descent, taught music; his mother, Caroline Lauchheim, an Alsatian, had been a private tutor for a baron. They met when Eduard was engaged to give Caroline's wards music lessons. Based in Vienna, Eduard Preuss and family (including two older sisters, Sophie and Mina) spent summers in Altaussee, following the migratory patterns of the vacationing Viennese upper class that employed him. As a boy, Preuss would often accompany his father, an amateur botanist, on his rambles throughout the local mountains of Altaussee. Never a robust child, at the age of six, Preuss was struck with a polio-like virus that left him partially paralyzed and confined to a bed or a wheelchair throughout that winter and spring. Once sufficiently recovered, the boy practiced gymnastic exercises and took walks to increase his strength. Though his father died when Preuss was in his tenth year, the latter continued the tradition of their mountain rambles, sometimes accompanied by his sisters or friends but often alone. At the age of eleven, he began pursuing summits in earnest, inaugurating his career as a mountaineer. Later, as his interest in alpinism intensified, he would train by placing inverted glasses on top of a wardrobe and doing pull-ups on these unstable supports – excellent practice for loose rock. One-armed pull-ups also became part of his routine (though apparently not on a glass).
Following in the footsteps of his father's avocation, after high school Preuss studied plant physiology at the University of Vienna and was awarded a doctoral degree at Munich University in 1911. After graduation he became an assistant at the Botanical Institute of Munich University.
Early climbing career.
At the age of twenty Preuss began to climb at a respectable level. A month shy of his twenty-second birthday, he accomplished his first important ascent, the Pichl-Route on the North Face of the Planspitze – solo. By dint of climbing and traversing a remarkable number of mountains in a short period of time, Preuss acquired the experience, skill, technique, ability and speed that were to provide the foundation for his groundbreaking ascents. Over his short career he made 1,200 ascents, three hundred of which were done solo, and one hundred and fifty of which were first ascents. Preuss was a well-rounded alpinist, not only mastering rock but making first ascents on snow and ice as well. He also pursued ski mountaineering, ski traverses (accomplishing firsts in both these areas) and snowshoeing. When stuck studying in Munich, he would often go “buildering” on the Propylaea, with his companion on the lookout for such objective hazards as the local constabulary.
Though he would often solo and would usually avoid climbing or skiing in overly-trafficked areas, he was not anti-social by any means. He loved being with a small group of friends, and often climbed with friends, including many women, such as his sister Mina. He is said to have been very amiable, witty and fun-loving, as well as self-sacrificing in favor of his friends, one of whom, Walter Bing, reminiscing in his tribute to Preuss's life, wrote of him: "Ach! One of the most dreadful characteristics of our beloved “Preusserl” was that he was inclined to crack the same lame old incredibly punchline-less joke ten times a day, and yet ten times a day we laughed at it and were gladdened by it". On the fiftieth anniversary of Preuss's death Kurt Maix writes of him: "His climbing partners – insofar as they are still living, they are old white-haired men – say of him: “He was a real rascal, a dear rascal. An extremely bright rascal.”" He was also an excellent chess player, tennis player, ice skater, and spoke English, French, German and Italian.
Beginnings of an ethics of pure style.
Preuss gained renown in the summer of 1911 with his second ascent of the West Face of the Totenkirchl. This climb at that time was reputed to be one of the hardest in the Alps. The first ascent took seven hours. He climbed it solo in two and a half, including a new variation. This was rapidly followed by a solo first ascent of the East Face of the Guglia di Brenta. In the next few months he made the second ascents of Angelo Dibona's routes on the Croz dell'Altissimo and the Northwest Ridge of the Grossen Ödstein, making a point of not using any of the pitons left by the first ascensionists, thereby putting into practice his desire to climb as his predecessors Georg Winkler and Emil Zsigmondy had: in a pure style, meaning without any artificial aids (without guides in Zsigmondy's case and solo, in Winkler's). Pitons and carabiners were just starting to be effectively adapted for use in the mountains. At first they were just used for protection or securing a rappel line, but then increasingly became used for upward progress, for instance as hand or footholds, or to secure the rope for a pendulum or tension traverse. To Preuss this was nothing less than cheating. You should have to bring yourself up to the level of a difficult new route by improving your abilities; you shouldn't have to bring the mountain down to your level by improving your technological gadgetry. Preuss prized human achievement, measuring ourselves against the mountains, not technological achievement, reducing the mountain to the measure of our tools: "With artificial climbing aids you have transformed the mountains into a mechanical plaything. Eventually they will break or wear out, and then nothing else will be left for you to do than to throw them away".
"Mauerhakenstreit" (piton dispute).
In September 1911 Preuss's essay "Artificial Aids on Alpine Routes" appeared in the "Deutsche Alpenzeitung". This essay, an incendiary polemic against the increasing use of artificial aid in the Alps, sparked off a series of published exchanges from such renowned alpinists of the day as Tita Piaz and Franz Nieberl. This debate became known as the "Mauerhakenstreit" or the piton dispute. It was in a later essay that Preuss distilled the main points of his ethics of pure style into his celebrated six principles:
Note that any use of pitons, whether as protection, or as belay or rappel anchors would be unethical, except under dire need. Even rappelling was something he objected to, something only to be used in the event of serious danger. If you can't climb down a route, you shouldn't climb up it either. For Preuss, getting back down is part of climbing the route, and descending aided by pure technology is certainly not climbing under your own power. So Preuss advocated teaching and practicing down-climbing. Mastering the art of down-climbing also eliminates the need for piton protection while leading – the climber's skill and self-confidence is his protection. Ropes were acceptable for belaying as long as the leader could and would climb the pitch up and down free solo (and feel comfortable about doing so). Slinging flakes and the like would be acceptable under the same conditions. But Preuss would most likely have considered modern nuts and camming units to be artificial aid, even when just used for protection. Consequently, he would have condemned most modern climbing, even what we call “free climbing,” as artificial aid! So even though many today embrace Preuss as a precursor of Walter Bonatti, Reinhold Messner and Royal Robbins in their scrupulous avoidance of bolts, Preuss would have been appalled at their heavy reliance on other technological aids. But perhaps it could be said that they all share a philosophy, one highlighting human adventure and ability over sheer technological advancement.
Though most of his opponents agreed with his principles in theory, in practice Preuss was basically accused of have gone too far in the direction of one extreme in order to combat another. Specifically, he was, among other things, accused of:
Yet Preuss didn't take this heavy opposition to his ideas too much to heart. He could even joke about it: 
"My fingertips were climbed through, adhesive tape had to come to my aid, which even the severe critic probably won't charge as a violation of my theories on artificial aid since I used the adhesive tape with the sticky side facing inward."
Reinhold Messner suggests that Preuss was no zealot who expected an absolutely rigid adherence to his principles. In practice, compromise may be the best way. He points to the fact that Preuss did use fixed pins as protection at least twice (on the second ascent of the Rizzikamin Chimney, which is usually wet, on the South Face of the Innerkofler Tower) instead of backing off as he should have by his own lights, and he even personally placed two pitons: on the first ascent of the Trisselwand, Preuss reached a crux section as it was getting late in the day and, reluctant to commit to the risky move required, eventually placed two pitons, probably merely to spare the female member of the party an uncomfortable night out. As Messner writes: "A compromise is possible in practice..., not in philosophy". One should always strive for the ideal. But Messner notwithstanding, we probably shouldn't exaggerate the amount of compromise Preuss would have deemed acceptable.
A link to an English translation of the "Mauerhakenstreit": http://issuu.com/randisi/docs/mauerhakenstreit_complete_illustrated
Last years.
Preuss became the most demanded lecturer on alpinism in the German-speaking world at that time. He was said to be both a witty and spell-binding lecturer. Martin Grabner (in his Preuss entry on Bergsteigen.at; "Alpines Lexicon") claims that during this time Preuss made his living delivering such lectures, which would make him the precursor of our modern professional climbers as well as the precursor of pure climbing ethics. In all, he had more than fifty lectures scheduled for the year he passed.
Günther Freiherr von Saar claims that Preuss learned “modern ice-craft” during the summers of 1912 and 1913 from Oscar Eckenstein, the inventor of the ten-point crampon.
In 1912, he witnessed the well-known British mountaineer H. O. Jones, Jones's somewhat inexperienced bride (married a mere two weeks), and their guide Julius Truffer fall to their death on the Aiguille Rouge de Peuterey. Preuss, who was unroped and scouting, returned only to watch Truffer fall due to a broken hold, taking the rest of the party with him.
Preuss often climbed alone because he believed soloing to be safer; only his own life was at stake. Even before the Joneses' tragedy, he wasn't willing to risk the lives of his belayers on difficult routes. Ironically, he was accused of inhumanity by Tita Piaz during the Piton Dispute (in spite of the fact that they were friends). However, his soloing eventually caught up with him. On October 3, 1913, on an attempt to make the first ascent of the North Ridge of the Mandlkogel free solo, Preuss fell a thousand feet to his death. His body was found a week and a half later, buried under a foot and a half of new-fallen snow.
While the actual cause of the fall will never be known, an open pocketknife and a rucksack with a length of sling material, as well as some cairns found ten years later, suggest that Preuss may have stopped for a rest high on the upper ridge and lost his balance as he tried to catch the pocketknife after it slipped from his grasp. Of course, other scenarios would also be consistent with these facts.
In commemoration.
In the early 1920s, the German and Austrian Alpine Club became a breeding ground for anti-Semitism. In fact, a predominantly Jewish chapter of the club was expelled in 1924, and at least one of Preuss's climbing partners became a committed Nazi. Thus, for a time, Preuss's name and reputation were actively erased from memory. It was only in the 1970s that his legacy was finally rediscovered.
Piaz, Preuss's friend and one time opponent in the Piton Dispute, erected a memorial in his honor twenty years after his death in the Italian Dolomites, which was a risky endeavor considering the rising tide of anti-Semitism and Fascism in the early 1930s (albeit Piaz was an anarchist who had been thrown into jail several times for his opposition to government in any form).
The Kleinste Zinne now bears the name Torre Preuss (also known as the Cima Piccolissima), home of the Preuss Crack. A chimney on the South East Face of the Grohmannspitze, the Preusskamin, also features his name. In addition, there is a street dedicated to him in Munich.
In a 2010 interview on Deutsche Welle, famed mountaineer Reinhold Messner named him as one his heroes.
Coda.
Next to a list of Preuss's major ascents, the closing words of Geoffrey Winthrop Young's 1913 obituary may provide the best coda to Preuss's life:
Partial list of Preuss's first and other noteworthy ascents.
"Preuss's hardest climbs were rated Grade V or about 5.7-5.8 YDS. He was soloing near the limit of difficulty for the day – and with hobnailed boots."
Kleiner Litzner (solo)
Großes Seehorn – Großlitzner (solo)
Kleiner Litzner, North Ridge (solo)
Großlitzner, North Face (first ascent)
Glötterspitze (solo)
Totenkirchl, West Face (second ascent with a new variation, solo)
Guglia di Brenta (also known as the Campanile Basso), East Face (first ascent, solo)
Crozzon di Brenta, Northeast Face (first)
Croz dell'Altissimo, South Face (second)
Grohmannspitze, South East Face (second)
Innerkoflerturm, South Face (second)
Langkofel-Fünffingerspitze-Grohmannspitze-Sellajoch (first traverse in one day, solo)
Delagoturm, South Chimney (first)
Kleine Zinne (first double traverse)
Kleinste Zinne (first ascent and first traverse)
Traweng, North Face (first)
Trisselwand (first)
Grosser Ödstein, North Ridge (second ascent)
Hochwanner, North Ridge (first)
Mitterkaiser, Nordgipfel (first)
Aiguille Gamba (first)
L'Innominata, Southeast Ridge (first)
Aiguille Savoie, Southeast Ridge (first)
Pointe des Papillons, Hauptgipfel (first, solo)
Aiguille Rouge de Triolet, South Ridge (first)
Strichkogel, East Face (first)
Däumling (first)
Gosauer Mandl (first)

</doc>
<doc id="5889885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889885" title="Queen Elizabeth Elementary School (Vancouver)">
Queen Elizabeth Elementary School (Vancouver)

Queen Elizabeth Elementary School in Vancouver, British Columbia, is an elementary school. The school opened in 1940 and is named after Queen Elizabeth who visited Canada in 1939, with her husband King George VI.
It is located at 4102 West 16th Avenue, at the edge of the city limits and immediately adjacent to the University Endowment Lands. As of 2013, the current school principal is Magdalena Kassis, and the vice-principal is Michael Bolianaz.
Queen Elizabeth Elementary School, has been one of the top schools in Vancouver for a number of years. It also has the biggest school garden in the district as well as a quality school community including involved parents and teachers. With its great grounds including a track, 2 play grounds, a courtyard, gravel field and grass field as well as the camosun bog and pacific spirit park at its door step, "QE" is a great learning environment for all ages. 
See also.
Queen Elizabeth Elementary was one of the few schools that had an Open Area program. 
The program had Grade 6 and 7 students dedicate April and May to put on a school play which is open for the public. However the OA ended when teachers Gavin and Georgina left the school, and now there are normal grade 6 & 7 classes. 

</doc>
<doc id="5889895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889895" title="Alfa Romeo Nuvola">
Alfa Romeo Nuvola

The Alfa Romeo Nuvola concept car was released at the "Paris International Auto Show" in 1996. It is a 2-door coupe featuring a 2.5 litre (2492 cc), twin-turbo 60-degree V6 coupled with a 6-speed manual transmission which puts out at 6000 rpm and at 3000 rpm. The car has a top speed of and can accelerate from zero to in six seconds. The Nuvola was named after the legendary Italian race driver Tazio Nuvolari. The Nuvola has a front-mounted engine and four wheel drive.
The car is based on a separate tubular aluminium frame with the body made of polyester, designed to handle virtually any body style, from coupe to station wagon.
The prototype is currently on display at the Alfa Romeo History Museum in Arese, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5889898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889898" title="Vavakkad">
Vavakkad

Vavakkad is a village situated along the northern border of Ernakulam District, Paravur taluk, Kerala, South India.
Location.
Vavakkad is located 27 km from the city of Ernakulam and 23 km from Cochin International airport, Nedumbassery. National Highway No 17 passes within 1.5 km of the village. Famous Cherai Beach is just 4 km away.
History.
The town's name derives from "Vaval Kadu" (literally, "forest of bats"). It was part of Thiruvithamkoor (Travancore) province before the reunion of states.
Vavakkad was the first village in Kerala to give a monthly pension to senior citizens above 70 years of age. Once famous for the production of coir, this industry is now in decline.
Library.
Gurudeva Memorial library (ഗുരുദേവ മെമ്മോറിയല്‍ വായനശാല) and its surrounding ground is the center of cultural activities in Vavakkad. People meet there regularly to debate public issues. The library was founded in 1954 and named after Sree Narayana Guru, who is considered to be the father of cultural reform in Kerala.
Public figures.
Paravoor Bharathan, a popular comedian in the Malayalam film industry, is from here. There are more than 300 films to his credit.

</doc>
<doc id="5889899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889899" title="Sacrament (Community of Christ)">
Sacrament (Community of Christ)

The sacraments are viewed as vital ministries in the Community of Christ for both individual and community spiritual development. They are viewed as essential to the mission, identity and message of the denomination, providing a common foundation for religious practice across the world. The sacraments practiced by the Community of Christ are baptism, confirmation, the Lord's supper, marriage, administration to the sick, ordination, blessing of children, and evangelist's blessing. These latter two are not widely practiced as sacraments in other Christian denominations. The Community of Christ does not observe confession as a sacrament.
Baptism.
For the Community of Christ, baptism is a covenant entered into between the individual and God. It is an expression of their faith and trust in God. A Person is baptized into Community of Christ and becomes a member of that particular fellowship. Baptism also signifies commitment to the universal task of Christianity to which the contributions of other Christians are acknowledged and appreciated. Community of Christ requires that persons reach the "age of accountability" before becoming baptized. That age has been identified as at least eight years of age. The term "age of accountability" also suggests that a person is accountable to God for their decisions, their resources, and their whole lives. In the Community of Christ tradition a person is baptized by immersion. Emerging from the water symbolizes resurrection and the rising to a new life. The sacrament of baptism may be performed by members of the Melchisedec priesthood or by Aaronic priests. The 2007 World Conference of the Community of Christ passed a resolution requesting the First Presidency to examine the issue of rebaptism as a condition for membership in those cases where the potential member is already a baptized Christian. 
Confirmation.
Confirmation, known also as baptism of the Holy Spirit, follows baptism by water and completes a person's initiation into the church. The only prerequisite for the rite of confirmation is that a person is baptized into Community of Christ. Normally several days or weeks elapse between baptism and confirmation. Sometimes this sacrament occurs immediately following baptism in the same service of worship. Confirmation is administered by the laying on of hands. Typically the candidate sits in a chair and two members of the Melchisedec priesthood lay their hands on the candidate's head, one offering the prayer of confirmation. There are no prescribed words that must be included in the prayer of confirmation. 
Blessing of children.
The blessing of children recognizes the entrance of a new life into the church community. It is based primarily on the Gospel accounts of Jesus receiving and blessing children and symbolizes and demonstrates God's love and concern for the child. Children from birth to the eighth birthday are eligible for blessing. Typically, children of members of the church are presented for blessing during the first six months after birth, but older children and children of friends of the church may also be blessed. This sacrament is performed by Melchisedec priesthood members.
The Lord's Supper.
The Lord's Supper is regularly celebrated on the first Sunday of each month, and additional special occasions. To various people it is seen in different ways. It is one of three sacraments with prescribed words in the Community of Christ. Traditionally unfermented grape juice and whole wheat bread have been used as the wine and bread, but other similar emblems may be used to celebrate the sacrament depending on location, culture, need, and availability. This sacrament is administered by Melchisedec priesthood members or by Aaronic priests.
Marriage.
Community of Christ recognizes that marriage is subject to legal provisions established by various nations and states making it unique among the church's sacraments. Marriages within the church are solemnized in public meeting of some kind. This usually occurs in the context of a service of worship. Marriages within the church are performed by members of the Melchisedec priesthood or by Aaronic priests. The church also recognizes the marriages of persons who choose to be married by authorities outside the church, such as civil authorities or ministers of other faiths.
Administration to the sick.
This sacrament, known also as Anointing of the Sick, is available to both members and nonmembers. A person who is physically ill, emotionally strained, or sick in any other way may request administration. The purpose of this sacrament is to provide assurance of God's care and concern and also of the church's interest in that person. Administration is usually done with just the presence of the administering priesthood members in the privacy of the church, a person's home, office, or hospital room. On occasion, however, administration may be performed while other persons are present or as part of a formal service of worship. This sacrament is administered by members of the Melchisedec priesthood.
Ordination.
Ordination is the rite by which priesthood authority and responsibilities are conferred. Ordination grants the authority to perform certain duties. This authority is given to the individual by God and also by the church. Although God's call is primary in the ordination process for the church, the individual's own sense of call is also important.
Evangelist's blessing.
Formerly known as a patriarchal blessing, the evangelist's blessing serves as an opportunity for God to affirm and support persons in their life ventures. It is an experience of laying on of hands and prayer focusing on God’s accepting and creative love in the life of the person, family, or congregation. The blessing is a defining experience to help persons know who they are, their value and giftedness, purpose and meanings of life. It helps persons to refocus their lives according to the purposes of God and God’s call to them. The sacrament may be extended to individuals, families, or congregations. There are no age, race, gender, membership, or life conditions that restrict persons from sharing in this sacrament. Recording of the blessing is optional. An evangelist's blessing may be requested more than once, at different junctures of a person’s life. Sharing with the evangelist as a spiritual companion is an integral part of the total blessing experience. This sacrament is performed by members of the Order of Evangelists.

</doc>
<doc id="5889916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889916" title="Manchester Bridge (Virginia)">
Manchester Bridge (Virginia)

Manchester Bridge in Richmond, Virginia carries U.S. Route 60 across the James River.
Its length is 2,906 feet (886 m), and it is unusually wide at 110 feet (33.5 m). This is due to a requirement in the Richmond-Manchester merger agreement of 1910 that a free pedestrian bridge be always provided between the two former cities. (The only other highway and pedestrian bridge between the cities at the time of the merger negotiations was a toll bridge, long a grievance of citizens of Manchester in particular.) The pedestrian walkway of the Manchester Bridge is located in the center, to afford access at the south end via stairs under the roadway without crossing heavy traffic lanes which are not signalled at that location. The north end has traffic signals for pedestrians to cross traffic lanes.
History.
The former Ninth Street ("Singing") Bridge was a primitive affair built rather low over the river, and whose creosote-treated wooden deck was fitted with strips of metal plates spaced a tire-track apart to prevent excessive wear. As the tires rolled along, these plates, embossed to provide traction, would give off a high humming note—a note that suddenly would rise by about a fifth as a vehicle crossed from south to north: presumably the embossed pattern changed at that point. Returning to Southside in the other lane, the note would remain the same all the way across—much less interesting for the area children!
The former Ninth Street Bridge was closed and barely escaped submergence during river flooding resulting from Hurricane Camille in 1969, strengthening the resolve of engineers that the replacement would be high above even flood levels of the river. The old bridge was submerged 3 years later during flooding from Hurricane Agnes, and was not returned to service, since the replacement Manchester Bridge was virtually complete.
In 1972, the Manchester Bridge replaced the old Ninth Street Bridge (also known as the "free bridge" and the "singing bridge", which remained in service during the construction. When almost completed, it was pressed into temporary service earlier than planned during James River flooding as a result of Hurricane Agnes. The bridge is high above the river, and is not considered in danger of flooding during periods when the river periodically floods.

</doc>
<doc id="5889918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889918" title="Ponton (automobile)">
Ponton (automobile)

Ponton or pontoon styling refers to a 1930s–1960s design genre—ultimately the precursor of modern automotive styling. The trend emerged as distinct running boards and fully articulated fenders became less common and bodywork began to enclose the full width and uninterrupted length of a car. The fenders of an automobile with Ponton styling may also be called "Pontoon fenders," and the overall trend may also be known as "envelope styling." 
The term, which is now largely archaic, especially describes the markedly bulbous, slab-sided configuration of postwar European cars, including those of Mercedes-Benz, Opel, Auto Union, DKW, Borgward, Lancia, Fiat, Rover, Renault and Volvo—as well as similar designs from North America, and Japan.
The term derives from the French and German word Ponton, meaning "pontoon". The Langenscheidt German–English dictionary defines "Pontonkarrosserie" as "all-enveloping bodywork, straight-through side styling, slab-sided styling.
Origin of the trend.
The term ponton styling may have derived from the wartime practice in Germany of adding full-length tread armor along each side of a tank, attached primarily on the top edge—which resembled pontoons. As this roughly coincided with automobile styling trend where bodywork, especially running boards and fenders, became less articulated—with cars carrying integrated front fenders and full-width, full-length bodywork—the design took on the "pontoon" or "ponton" descriptor. 
One of the first known cars with a ponton body is the Bugatti type 32 "Tank" which participated in the 1923 French Grand Prix at Tours.
In 1924, Fidelis Böhler designed one of the first production cars with a ponton body, the Hanomag 2/10. The car's body resembled a loaf of bread earning it the sobriquet of "Kommissbrot"—a coarse whole grain bread as issued by the army. The economical car was produced from 1924 to 1928. Böhler built the core body around two side-by-side passenger seats. He dispensed with running boards and integrated the fenders in the body to save on weight. The inexpensive car became a popular with consumers in Germany.
In 1935, Vittorio Jano, working with the brothers Gino and Oscar Jankovitz, created a one-off mid-engine prototype on an Alfa Romeo 6C 2300 chassis, which Jano had shipped to Fiume, Croatia in 1934. The brothers Jankovitz had been close friends with leading Hungarian aerodynamicist Paul Jaray, and the prototype, called the Alfa Romeo Aerodinamica Spider, featured ponton styling—an especially early and clear example of the bulbous, uninterrupted forms that would come to characterize the genre.
In 1937, Pinin Farina designed a flowing ponton-style body for the Lancia Aprilia "berlinetta aerodynamica" coupé, and also the open body on the 1940 Lancia Aprilia Cabriolet.
The 1946 Cisitalia 202 coupé, which Farina designed from sketches by Cisitalia’s Giovanni Savonuzzi, was the car that "transformed postwar automobile design" according to New York’s Museum of Modern Art (MoMA). MoMA acquired an example for its permanent collection in 1951, noting that the car’s "hood, body, fenders, and headlights are integral to the continuously flowing surface, rather than added on. Before the Cisitalia, the prevailing approach followed by automobile designers when defining a volume and shaping the shell of an automobile was to treat each part of the body as a separate, distinct element." Also introduced in 1947, the Alfa Romeo 6C 2500 was another ponton-style Farina design which, together with those by Touring and others on the same chassis, has also been credited with setting the trend for post-war automotive design.
Rounded, flowing forms, with unbroken horizontal lines between the fenders— the style had identified as "the so-called Ponton Side Design" became "the new fashion in Europe", offered by Alfa-Romeo, Fiat, Rover and other companies. 
An inspiration to American and Japanese manufacturers as well as to Europeans, Farina’s "ponton line" would be copied round the world. One of the first American cars to adopt it was the 1947 Studebaker Champion, designed by Virgil Exner and Roy Cole but sometimes erroneously attributed to Raymond Loewy. Another, the Howard "Dutch" Darrin-designed 1947–1950 Kaiser-Frazer, was said to have been the inspiration for the 1949 Borgward Hansa 1500, Germany's first sedan in the ponton style.
In the Soviet Union the GAZ-M20 Pobeda came into production in 1946, about 1 month after the first 1946 Kaiser rolled off the production line, and in Britain the Standard Vanguard went on sale the following year.
Ford and General Motors followed the trend with their own designs in 1949.
Examples of "ponton" in automotive contexts.
The term is now commonly used in reference to Mercedes-Benz models from 1953–1962. For example a book about the marque refers to "the Ponton", the "Ponton saloon", "Ponton 220", "Ponton 220S and SE coupes and cabriolets", and "the Ponton models".
A General Motors document refers to the 1953 Olympia Rekord as "the first Opel with a full-width, or ponton, body shell".
In a reference work on alternative-energy vehicles, electrical-engineering academics used the term as a generic for saloon cars with three-box design; also a 2007 German work on car design and technology mentions a "Rover-Ponton" (ponton-style Rover); and a French book on art and design also used the term in an automotive context in 1996.
Given that the Volkswagen Beetle carried articulated running boards and fenders its entire life, the subsequent Volkswagen Type 3 became known for its ponton styling; in the Netherlands the Volkswagen Type 3 (1961–1974) 2-door notchback sedan from the fastback and wagon versions was called the 'Ponton." 
Ponton fenders.
Pontoon fenders are a type of automobile fender, or "wings" as they are sometimes called in the United Kingdom. 
Originally the term referred to a design prevalent in the United States in the 1930s where front fenders encased a wheel and terminated in a teardrop point, remaining distinct from the running boards or the body of the car. Examples include the Cord 810 and 812, the Auburn Speedster and several designs by French Carrossiers, notably Figoni et Falaschi. 
Subsequently the term pontoon fender took on another more prominent definition, derived from the wartime practice in Germany of adding full-length tread armor along each side of a tank, attached primarily on the top edge — and resembling pontoons. As this roughly coincided with automobile styling trend where distinct running boards and articulated fenders became less common — with cars carrying integrated front fenders and full-width, full-length bodywork — the fenders took on the "pontoon fender" nickname. 
The postwar trend of the markedly round, slab-sided designs became itself known as ponton styling — with many postwar Mercedes-Benz models informally nicknamed the "Ponton". 
The British assumed the latter definition, using it in such works as the Beaulieu National Motor Museum Encyclopedia of the Automobile.

</doc>
<doc id="5889932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889932" title="Clint Hill (Secret Service)">
Clint Hill (Secret Service)

Clinton J. "Clint" Hill (born January 4, 1932) is a former United States Secret Service agent who was in the presidential motorcade during the assassination of John F. Kennedy on November 22, 1963, in Dallas, Texas. After Kennedy was fatally shot, Hill ran from the car immediately behind the presidential limousine and leapt onto the back of it, holding on while the car raced to Parkland Memorial Hospital. This action was documented in the famous Zapruder film. Hill is the last surviving passenger of the presidential limousine which arrived at Parkland Hospital.
Early life.
Hill was born in Larimore, North Dakota to his Norwegian mother Alma Pettersen. His birth parents homesteaded near Roseglen. At three months of age, he was placed in an orphanage in Fargo, where he was adopted by another Norwegian family in Chris and Jennie Hill of Fargo. (Originally named Haugen, the family later changed its name to the English version of the name. Haugen means "the hill" in Norwegian ). Hill's new family took him to Washburn where he eventually graduated from Washburn High School. He also attended Concordia College in Moorhead, Minnesota, where he played football, studied history, and graduated in 1954. After college, Hill was assigned to the Denver office of Secret Service in 1958 and served on the detail for President Dwight D. Eisenhower. After John F. Kennedy was elected President of the United States, Hill was assigned to protect the First Lady, Jacqueline Kennedy.
The assassination of President Kennedy.
President Kennedy was assassinated on November 22, 1963, in Dallas, Texas, during a motorcade through the city, en route to a luncheon at the Dallas Trade Mart. The President and Mrs. Kennedy were riding in an open limousine containing three rows of seats. The Kennedys were in the rear seat of the car, the Governor of Texas, John Connally and his wife, Nellie Connally, were in the middle row, and Secret Service agent William Greer was driving and the president's bodyguard, Roy Kellerman, was also in the front seat. 
Hill was riding in the car immediately behind the presidential limousine. As soon as the shooting began, Hill jumped out and began running to overtake the moving car in front of him. He climbed from the rear bumper, crawling over the trunk to the back seat where the President and First Lady were located. 
Hill grabbed a small handrail on the left rear of the trunk, normally used by bodyguards to stabilize themselves while standing on small platforms on the rear bumper. According to the Warren Commission's findings, there were no bodyguards stationed on the bumper that day because
...the President had frequently stated that he did not want agents to ride on these steps during a motorcade except when necessary. He had repeated this wish only a few days before, during his visit to Tampa, Florida.
The notion that the President's instructions in Tampa jeopardized his security in Dallas has since been denied by Hill and other agents. Regardless of Kennedy's statement, photos taken of the motorcade along earlier segments of the route show Hill riding on the step at the back of the car.
As an alternate explanation, fellow agent Gerald Blaine cites the location of the shooting:
We were going into a freeway, and that's where you take the speeds up to 60 and 70 miles an hour. So we would not have had any agents there anyway.
Hill grabbed the handrail less than two seconds after the fatal shot to the President. The driver then accelerated, causing the car to slip away from Hill, who was in the midst of trying to leap onto it. He succeeded in regaining his footing and jumped onto the back of the quickly accelerating vehicle. 
As he got on, Mrs. Kennedy, apparently in shock, was crawling onto the flat rear trunk of the moving limousine. Hill later told the Warren Commission that he thought Mrs. Kennedy was reaching for a piece of the President's skull which had been blown off. He crawled to her and guided the First Lady back into her seat. Once back in the car, Hill placed his body above the President and Mrs. Kennedy. Meanwhile, in the folding jump seats directly in front of them, Mrs. Connally had pulled her wounded husband, Governor John Connally, to a prone position on her lap.
Agent Kellerman, in the front seat of the car, gave orders over the car's two-way radio to the lead vehicle in the procession "to the nearest hospital, quick!" Hill was shouting as loudly as he could "To the hospital, to the hospital!" En route to the hospital, Hill flashed a "thumbs-down" signal and shook his head from side to side at the agents in the follow-up car, signaling the graveness of the President's condition.
The limousine then rapidly exited Dealey Plaza and sped to Parkland Memorial Hospital, only minutes away, followed by other vehicles in the motorcade. As the car moved at high speed to the hospital, Hill maintained his position shielding the couple with his body, and was looking down at the President. Agent Hill later testified:
The right rear portion of his head was missing. It was lying in the rear seat of the car. His brain was exposed. There was blood and bits of brain all over the entire rear portion of the car.
Mrs. Kennedy was completely covered with blood. There was so much blood you could not tell if there had been any other wound or not, except for the one large gaping wound in the right rear portion of the head.
Although the Secret Service was shocked at its failure to protect the life of President Kennedy, virtually everyone agreed that Clint Hill's rapid and brave actions had been without blemish. He was honored at a ceremony in Washington just days after the funeral of John F. Kennedy. Mrs. Kennedy, despite being in deep mourning, made an appearance at the event to thank him in person.
After the assassination.
Hill remained assigned to Mrs. Kennedy and the children until after the 1964 presidential election. He then was assigned to President Lyndon B. Johnson at the White House. In 1967, when Johnson was still in office, Hill became the Special Agent in Charge (SAIC) of Presidential protection. When Richard Nixon came into office, Hill moved over to SAIC of protection of Vice President Spiro Agnew. Finally, Hill was assigned to headquarters as the Assistant Director of the Secret Service for all protection. He retired in 1975.
In a 1975 interview with Mike Wallace, Hill tearfully surmised that if he had reached the vehicle a second earlier, he would have been able to take the third shot to his own body, and felt a great deal of regret for not having been able to reach there in time.
Hill wrote the foreword to Gerald Blaine and Lisa McCubbin's 2010 narrative, "The Kennedy Detail". 
In a BBC "Today" interview, broadcast in December 2010, Hill recalled the assassination and his first visit to Dallas in 1990 since the events of 1963, during which he surveyed the scene of the shooting. Asked whether he thought that the President's life might have been saved if things had been done differently, Hill replied that "He had all the advantages that day. We had none. And it was a very easy job to accomplish because of the way everything was laid out."
Hill was interviewed by Brian Lamb on C-SPAN's talkshow "Q&A" in May 2012.
In April 2012, the book "Mrs. Kennedy and Me" was published, in which Hill looks back at his career and describes his working relationship with Jacqueline Kennedy.
As of 2012, Hill was reported to have lived in Alexandria, Virginia, for "many years".
Personal life.
Hill was married to Gwen Hill at the time of Kennedy's assassination. The couple had two sons. In his 2012 interview with Brian Lamb, Hill suggested that he had been divorced or separated from Gwen for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="5889937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889937" title="Kseniya Rappoport">
Kseniya Rappoport

Kseniya Aleksandrovna Rappoport (; born 25 March 1974 in Leningrad) is a Russian actress. She graduated in 2000 from Saint Petersburg Academy of Theatrical Arts and was immediately invited to join the Maly Drama Theatre. She played Nina Zarechnaya in "The Seagull", Elena in "Uncle Vania", and Sonia in La doppia ora.
She has appeared in such films and TV series as "Streets of Broken Streetlights", "Baron", "Anna Karenina", "Nicholas II" (Germany), "The Russian Bride", "National Security Agent", "Empire Under Fire", "Calendula Flowers", "Prokofiev" (Germany), "Get Thee From Me", "Criminal Petersburg", "Homicide", and "I Pay Up Front". She starred in the Italian film "La sconosciuta" (2006) and in the Golden Lion nominated movie "La doppia ora" (2009), for which she won Volpi Cup (the Best Actress award) at the 66th Venice Film Festival.
Personal life.
Rappoport has two daughters, Darya (born in April 1994) and Sophia (born in January 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="5889944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889944" title="Bartholomew Westley">
Bartholomew Westley

Bartholomew Westley (1596 – 13 February 1680) was an English ejected minister.
Life.
He was the third son of Sir Herbert Westley of Westleigh, Devon, by his wife Elizabeth de Wellesley of Dangan, County Meath. He studied physics, medicine and theology at Oxford. He lived for some time at Bridport and is known to have preached in the town's western suburb of Allington. (The pulpit which he used there is still preserved in the Wesleyan school-room at Bridport.)
He held the sequestered rectories of Charmouth (from 1640) and Catherston (from 1650), in Dorset, from both of which he was ejected in 1662. He continued to preach as a Nonconformist. He lived in Charmouth for some time where he practiced medicine and continued preaching in the West Dorset area. He was eventually forced to leave Charmouth by the Five Mile Act. He was dubbed a fanatic and a "puny parson," because of his small stature. The last years of his life were spent in seclusion at Lyme Regis where at about the age of eighty-five he died and was buried there on 15 February 1680.
Family.
He married (1619) Anne, daughter of Sir Henry Colley of Carbury, County Kildare, and granddaughter of Adam Loftus, primate of Ireland. They had one son, John Westley, also an ejected minister.

</doc>
<doc id="5889947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889947" title="Roberto Mejía">
Roberto Mejía

Roberto Antonio Mejía Díaz (born April 14, 1972, in Hato Mayor del Rey, Dominican Republic) is a former professional baseball second baseman. He played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball between 1993–97, and one season in the Korea Baseball Organization in 2003. He most recently played for the El Paso Diablos of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball in 2009. 
Signed by the Los Angeles Dodgers as an amateur free agent in 1988, Mejia made his major league debut with the Colorado Rockies on July 15, 1993, during their inaugural season. He appeared in his final major league game on April 11, 1997 with the St. Louis Cardinals. Since then, he has continued to play professionally, including several seasons in the Mexican League. In 2003, he played for the Hanwha Eagles of the KBO.

</doc>
<doc id="5889958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889958" title="Destroyer (film)">
Destroyer (film)

Destroyer is a 1988 horror film starring retired football lineman Lyle Alzado.
Plot.
Ivan Mozer (Lyle Alzado) is a serial killer who has been convicted of the rape, torture and murder of 23 people. Mozer is given the death penalty by electrocution. At his execution, he boasts of having killed 24 people. A power outage caused by a riot prevents the execution, but Mozer receives a jolt of electricity before the power fails. The prison staff assumes that Mozer is killed during the riot, but he manages to escape. The prison subsequently is abandoned. Mozer lives within the abandoned prison with the assistance of his father, who had been employed as a guard. Eighteen months later, a film crew arrives at the prison to shoot an exploitation film titled "Death House Dollies". They discover that Mozer survived his electrocution due to an unusual genetic gift. The jolt of electrical energy made him "half-alive", leaving him in a feral state and granting him spontaneous regeneration.
Release.
The film was released theatrically in the United States by The Movie Store in April 1988.
The film was released on VHS by Virgin Vision the same year.
Tagline: "3000 volts couldn't kill him...it just gave him a buzz! Unstoppable, Unbelievable, Indestructible - The electric chair! To an ordinary man it's the end! But when serial killer Ivan Moser sat down...he was just getting warmed up!"

</doc>
<doc id="5889980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889980" title="Kenny Hendrick">
Kenny Hendrick

Kenny Hendrick (born September 10, 1969), from Chino, California, is an American stock car racing driver. He is a former competitor in the NASCAR Nationwide Series and Craftsman Truck Series.
Busch Series.
Hendrick made his Busch Series debut in 2003, when he ran a hodgepodge of entries. He made his debut at Gateway, where he started 30th for the Stanton Barrett Racing operation. He ran a solid race and came home 21st. He did a start and park race for GIC-Mixon Motorsports at Nazareth, before doing another start and park at Dover for Rick Allen. Hendrick would return then to the Stanton Barrett Racing for two more 2003 races. He was 35th at Nashville and 27th at Kentucky.
Hendrick was tapped to drive the first Keller Racing vehicles in 2004, a team that ran a ten-race schedule. The new team struggled. Hendrick only qualified for six races and his best finish was an 18th at Kentucky. The Kentucky race was the only one that Hendrick finished. He was released, and he would only compete in one more series race. It, too, came in 2004, when he drove the Ware Racing Enterprises Dodge to a 42nd place finish in the fall Dover race. 
He returned in 2008 at Mexico driving a second Stanton Barrett Motorsports car in place of Stan Barrett who was originally meant to race for the team. He qualified and finished 38th after pulling in with handling issues. He then drove at Richmond replacing the injured Larry Gunselman at MSRP Motorsports qualifying 40th and finishing 43rd after parking the car on lap 6. He made a second start for Stanton Barrett at Darlington starting 34th and finishing 36th after parking on lap 30.
In 2009, Hendrick drove for Smith-Ganassi Racing, a team that had bought the assets of the shut-down #40 team.
Craftsman Truck Series.
Hendrick ran four Craftsman Truck Series races in 1996 to start his career off. He started his career with a top-10 start: a 9th in his debut at Phoenix. He finished 28th in that race. His best run of the year was a modest 23rd place finish at Las Vegas.
Four more races were in store for Hendrick. He had one top-20 finish. That was a 19th at Texas, racing for Rob Rizzo. He had started the year off with the team, but after finishes of 29th and 24th, they let him go.
Hendrick would not race in this series until 2003, when he did a start and park effort in a second Billy Ballew Motorsports #9 entry. Because of the nature of the effort, Hendrick did not complete any of the dozen starts he did and his best finish was a 31st at IRP, where he also recorded his second career top-10 start of 10th.
Hendrick returned to the Trucks when he ran at Kansas Speedway in the #16 Xpress Motorsports truck on April 28, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5889981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889981" title="The War in 2020">
The War in 2020

The War in 2020 is a 1991 military-adventure novel written by Ralph Peters. Taking place in a in a future dystopia, the novel's plot is spread over 15 years and mostly focuses the United States efforts to the (still existing) Soviet Union against an alliance of Japan, South Africa, and the Islamic Union, a confederation of militant Islamic states. The novel is heavily written around the viewpoint of the lead protagonist. US Army air cavalry officer George Taylor.
Background.
During the 1990s, intense trade competition gradually made Japan a major trading power against the United States and the European Union, which gradually worked for the dissolution of NATO. The Japanese also use their position to expand the mandate of the Self-Defense Forces and even export its military technology.
The US military draws down its forces for most of the 1990s, starting with deployments during Operation Desert Shield and Latin American interventions, while abolishing its nuclear arsenal together with the Soviets; in addition, the drawdowns affect the military intelligence community due to overdependence on automated intelligence-gathering means. The situation comes to a head in 2005 when instability in Zaire's Shaba province prompts the South African Defence Force (equipped and trained by Japan) seizes mineral-rich sections of the area. The United States sends the XVIII Airborne Corps along with associated air and naval assets to repel the aggression. A nuclear war in the Middle East early in the 21st century destroys Israel.
Plot.
US Army Capt. George Taylor leads an Apache gunship squadron in a patrol over Shaba province when its destroyed by advanced South African gunships. After crashing and forced to kill his wounded gunner, he finds an abandoned Army camp and gathers supplies for a long trek to the Zairean capital, Kinshasa. Along the way he learns that the attack on his squadron was part of a bigger South African offensive that mauls US forces in the country; South African commandos and Zairean guerrillas even destroy B-2 bombers at an airbase in Kinshasa. The American collapse is so swift that the American President is only able to force a cease-fire and South African withdrawal by carrying out a nuclear strike on Pretoria. The US reaps heavy international condemnation for the strike - the EU disavows its original support for the US operation and Japan even stops doing business with the US and their other trading partners. 
Taylor is evacuated home to the US, but finds himself suffering from a new virus named "Runciman's Disease" (RD) that leaves him horribly scarred; returning US troops are infected as well. The disease also results in a pandemic that severely affects health authorities around the world, as its symptoms range from badly discolored skin to brain damage. Japan puts its Home Islands under quarantine and Okinawa is exclusively used for international trading. 
In 2008, Taylor leads a US Army unit into Los Angeles as the military is put on domestic deployment to combat social unrest and protect distribution of basic services in the wake of the RD outbreak. Several years later, Taylor deploys with US forces to Mexico to eradicate a Japanese-supported revolutionary movement that took over the country; his disfigured face and unique tactics strike fear among the rebels. 
The Soviet Union is on the brink of internal collapse by 2020, as its Central Asian republics join forces with other Japanese-supported Islamic nations in conquering the country's resource-laden territory for Japan and also conduct genocide against ethnic Russians. The United States reorganizes its military and secretly deploys a combat unit - the 7th Heavy Cavalry Regiment (7HCR) - under now-Colonel Taylor's command, spearheaded by the new M-100 assault gunship, which is equipped with an advanced railgun and Gatling cannons. The capture of an advanced Japanese AI interface enables the US and USSR to have a better grasp of Japanese command-and-control abilities.
The US military command orders the open deployment of 7HCR to strike a blow deep into the heart of the Arab Islamic Union lines in northern Kazakhstan and help bolster Soviet defenses. The initial US attacks on November 2, 2020, render heavy damage to Islamic Union and Iranian forces, especially when a repair depot in Karaganda is totally destroyed. Taylor's troops reposition to new deployment areas in the Ural river region, but a stray radio transmission gives the Japanese a clue to one assembly area near Orsk. The information prompts the Japanese to target it with the Scramblers, a special radiowave weapon that permanently disrupts the body's neuro-muscular functions while leaving the brain intact. When Taylor discovers the area, he is appalled at the weapon's effects; General Noburu Kabata, the Japanese theater commander, is horrified that the weapon was used over his objections.
The fallout from the Scramblers' deployment shocks the US government, which proposes negotiating a ceasefire after all that happened. Taylor proposes leading all his remaining forces into a surgical strike at the Japanese headquarters in Baku, with logistical support from the Soviets. However, on November 4, the Soviets turn on the Americans as they marshal at the last jump-off point north of the Caspian Sea; Taylor's forces fight them off and head for the Japanese HQ, which is itself under siege from Azeri militants. Despite a withdrawal order from Washington, the US troops storm the command center and Taylor kills Kabata, while a US technician uses the center's advanced supercomputer to disable Japan's space defenses and other in-theater assets. Japanese relief columns arrive at the base and Taylor dies staying behind to shut down the computer, while the rest of his men fly to Turkey.
The epilogue shows that the attack resulted in a peace treaty signed between the USSR and its enemies. The 7HCR is commended by presidential order with all survivors promoted, but some of Taylor's men voluntarily reassign to other units out of dissatisfaction over its new pompous commanding officer.
Characters.
Leader of the USA 7th US Cavalry Regiment (heavy). Formerly the leader of an Apache gunship squadron in Zaire. He reads classical literature, as his first scene involves him reading Conrad's "Heart of Darkness". He is infected by a new plague in Zaire known as "Runciman's Disease", but survives with only scars on his face. He is feared by the "People's Government of Iguala", to whom he is known as "El Diablo". He whistles "Garryowen", an old Irish air, as a part of the persona of "El Diablo".
A United States Army officer. He lives through the horrors of the RD epidemic unmarked, but his largest problem is that his parents were wrong in the dreams that shaped their lives.
A Mexican-American lieutenant under Col. Taylor's command. Chief Mechanic in charge of fixing the US secret weapons. He dies in an enemy napalm attack at an old industrial complex.
First African-American President of the United States of America.
The leader of the Unified Intelligence Agency. One of the chief American opponents of Taylor's proposed war strategy.
An analyst at the UIA. Colonel Taylor's secret love interest.
A liaison from the Soviet Army. (In)famous for his rotten teeth.
The leader of a decimated Soviet tank brigade. Husband of Valya. Shot by KGB officers for supposed treason.
The wife of Yuri. She has a romantic relationship with Warrant Officer Ryder.

</doc>
<doc id="5889988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5889988" title="Wu Qiwei">
Wu Qiwei

Wu Qiwei (or Wu Chi-wei, Dabu, Guangdong, 1890–1953) was a Chinese military commander.

</doc>
<doc id="5890001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890001" title="Robert Kyr">
Robert Kyr

Robert Kyr (born 1952) is an American composer, writer, filmmaker, and professor of music composition and theory.
Kyr is one of the most prolific composers of his generation, having written 12 symphonies, three chamber symphonies, three violin concerti, numerous large works for orchestra, oratorios and other large-scale choral works, and a wide variety of chamber music. 
Luminous and sometimes ecstatic in effect, Kyr's work is basically tonal, and often harmonically and rhythmically complex, its sophistication deriving from its synthesis of both modern and ancient modes, as well as Western and Asian musical traditions. An engaged activist for world peace and environmentalism, Kyr has initiated a number of projects that bring together musicians from diverse cultures, or combine music with other media, and touch upon current or historical events.
The concepts and titles of Robert Kyr's works often point to their spiritual and metaphysical dimensions: "A Time For Life", "In Praise of Music", "On The Nature of Love" (Violin Concerto No.1), "Unseen Rain", "Songs of The Shining Wind", "Into the Hour of New Life", "White Tigers", and "The Passion According to Four Evangelists".
Kyr's music has been performed widely around the world and he has been commissioned by numerous ensembles, including Chanticleer (San Francisco), Cappella Romana (Portland), Cantus (Minneapolis), San Francisco Symphony Chorus, New England Philharmonic, Oregon Symphony, Yale Symphony Orchestra, Cleveland Chamber Symphony, New West Symphony (Los Angeles), Harvard-Radcliffe Collegium Musicum, Harvard Glee Club, Radcliffe Choral Society, Yale Camerata, Oregon Repertory Singers, Cappella Nova (Scotland), Revalia (Estonia), Putni (Latvia), Moscow State Chamber Choir (Russia), Ensemble Project Ars Nova, Back Bay Chorale (Boston), and San Francisco Symphony Youth Orchestra among others.
Three compact discs of Kyr's music are currently available through New Albion Records: "Violin Concerto Trilogy"; "Unseen Rain"; and "The Passion According to Four Evangelists". In addition, his music has been featured on several compilation discs including, "Faces of a Woman", "Celestial Light: Music by Hildegard von Bingen and Robert Kyr", "The Fourth River: The Millennium Revealed", and "Strange Attractors: New American Music for Piano".
Kyr has held teaching positions at Yale University, UCLA, the Longy School of Music and since 1990, has been Professor of Composition and Theory at the University of Oregon, which also includes David Crumb on the faculty. Kyr also directs the Oregon Bach Festival Composers Symposium, the University of Oregon Composers Forum, the Music Today Festival, and the Vanguard Concert and Workshop Series, as well as the Pacific Rim Gamelan. 
Kyr received his Bachelor's Degree from Yale University in 1974, followed by a Master's Degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1980, and a Ph.D from Harvard University in 1989, where previously, he was a Junior Fellow in the Society of Fellows. He also studied at the Royal College of Music in London, England (1974–76). His primary teachers included Donald Martino, Earl Kim, George Rochberg and George Crumb.

</doc>
<doc id="5890002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890002" title="Bertone Birusa">
Bertone Birusa

The Bertone Birusa is a design study based on the BMW Z8. The Birusa had many new technological advances such as a glass sunroof that filters UV rays from the passengers of the car and a multilingual Voice control system that allows the driver to control many features. The Birusa features a 5.0-liter V8 with , and also has 11 Bose speakers.

</doc>
<doc id="5890013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890013" title="Freddie Benavides">
Freddie Benavides

Alfredo Benavides (born April 7, 1966, in Laredo, Texas) is a former Major League Baseball infielder of Mexican American descent. Benavides is now a coach for the Cincinnati Reds. He is an alumnus of Texas Christian University.
Drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 2nd round of the 1987 MLB amateur draft, Benavides would make his Major League Baseball debut with the Cincinnati Reds on May 14, 1991, and appear in his final game on August 11, 1994. Benavides was a member of the inaugural Colorado Rockies team that began play in Major League Baseball in 1993.
During the 2007 season he spent time as the interim manager of the Cincinnati Reds Rookie-Advanced farm club, the Billings Mustangs. He now serves as the infield coordinator of the Cincinnati Reds Minor League Teams. He is also the head coach of the Freddie Benavides Baseball Academy, which take place in Laredo from late November to mid January.

</doc>
<doc id="5890041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890041" title="Future Fantastic">
Future Fantastic

Future Fantastic was a British documentary television series which premiered in 1996. This show looked at the how science and science fiction complement each other, and how ideas and technologies from the past are helping to shape our future. The series was narrated by Gillian Anderson and co-produced by the British Broadcasting Corporation, The Learning Channel and Pro Sieben.
Theme music.
The theme music to "Future Fantastic" was by HAL who later collaborated with Gillian Anderson on the track "Extremis" which was released by Virgin Records in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5890045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890045" title="Karl Straube">
Karl Straube

Montgomery Rufus Karl/Carl Siegfried Straube (January 6, 1873, Berlin – April 27, 1950, Leipzig) was a German church musician, organist, and choral conductor, famous above all for championing the abundant organ music of Max Reger. He studied organ under Heinrich Reimann in Berlin from 1894 to 1897 and became a widely respected concert organist. In 1897 he was appointed organist at Willibrode Dom (Cathedral) in Wesel, but left in 1902 to take up the position of organist at the Thomaskirche in Leipzig. 
He gave up his career as a performer relatively early in order to pursue teaching and publishing, particularly the music of Reger, though he still kept his position at the Thomaskirche. He was also appointed to the organ faculty of the Leipzig Conservatorium in 1907, receiving the title of "Royal Professor" in 1908. This most honorary title, which is seemingly astounding for a professor of only one year, reflects more on Straube's cleverness than his merit. Since he was offered a job in Berlin (that supposedly paid ℳ 6,000), he wrote a letter of requests to his superior. These subtle "demands" were cleverly wrought (so as not to come off poorly, as his tenure at this point was rather short). He, among other things, requested a raise from ℳ 1,000 to ℳ 5,000 and also requested that the Wilhelm Sauer organ of 1888 at the Thomaskirche be enlarged (not only in manual compass—an extension from f3-a3, but also in size—all done under his supervision by the firm of Wilhelm Sauer). He succeeded Gustav Schreck as cantor of the Thomasschule and director of the Thomanerchor in 1918 and held the post until 1939. His contribution to the history of organ performance was chiefly through his advocacy of the music of Max Reger and his many students.
Having received the older tradition of organ playing from Reimann in Berlin, Straube revolutionized his technique in collaboration with the orchestral-style instruments of Sauer (and the encouragement from this mentor who spoke of the "unplayable" organ works of Reger). This allowed him to interpret music by using the full resources of Sauer's massive instruments, with their stop-change mechanisms and expressive divisions; however, he also performed on organs that contained no such devices as well and simply adapted the music accordingly (even Reger was played on purely mechanical instruments with no mechanisms to assist the player, though these were mid-period Romantic organs built by Haas, etc., i.e. not organs of the Orgelbewegung movement). Straube was a complicated man and changed his opinions many times throughout his life, having always being the intellectual sort and considering himself more of an historian than a musician. He edited editions of works by "old masters" (Buxtehude, Bach, etc.) and also editions of works by Reger (the latter of which differed highly from the composer's autographs). However, Straube compiled these editions "with the approval of the composer," regarding his many "subjective" editorial markings (most of which completely change the architectural concept of Reger's music). This is exactly how he performed and advocated his editions—he stated that his editorial markings were not dry thoughts made at a desk, but rather inspirations that came to him at the instrument itself. Many reviews comment on his obsession with the clarity of contrapuntal voices and variety and color of his creative registrations. 
Straube is a conundrum and the validity of his editions has been brought into question in most recent Reger scholarship. It has been presupposed by many that later in life he advocated the principles of the Orgelbewegung movement, which looked to an "historically pure" interpretation of old music (especially Bach) and also looked back to the organ building principles of the Baroque period (which were largely misinterpreted). Nevertheless, Straube never advocated for this movement, though he did move away from the ideals of the Romantic organ to what the Germans called a compromise [Komprimiß] organ (in America, this style of organ is referred to as "eclectic", i.e. one that plays almost all of the organ repertory, but not necessarily well). This is demonstrated by his being responsible for the rebuild of the Leipzig Conservatory Sauer organ in 1927. That said, he went back and forth between supporting the "eclectic" organ and the Romantic organ and certainly did not want Reger to fall out of fashion during this extreme shift in the organ world (i.e. the Orgelbewegung movement). Reger's music was not like that of Wagner, as he looked back to Bach for his highly contrapuntal writing (despite his "modern" harmonic—highly chromatic—language). This is precisely why Straube stated that even Reger can be performed on an organ lacking orchestral colors and the ability to employ these subtle color changes (i.e. one with only the ability to realize dynamic changes in a terraced manner, referring to the "Neo-Baroque" organs of the Orgelbewegung movement). He made this statement in the preface (1938) to his final Reger edition of "Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott", op. 27 (not because he advocated this aesthetic change, but rather for the sake of his good friend and colleague's musical contributions).

</doc>
<doc id="5890081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890081" title="Museum of Particularly Bad Art">
Museum of Particularly Bad Art

The Museum of Particularly Bad Art Exhibition (MOPBA) is an annual event held on Chapel Street, Melbourne, Australia celebrating poor art forms, primarily in the forms of paintings and sketches. MOPBA relies on a core group of art pieces owned by Helen Round but the public are invited to enter pieces that are their own or that have been found that are considered poor. 
The event primarily is a charity event that funds three charities within the Stonnington area.
Its coordination is undertaken by Streets Ahead, Windsor’s Traders, the local community, and the MOPBA Committee.
The motto and goal of MOPBA is “To celebrate mediocrity whilst helping folks with broken hearts, homeless kiddies, little puppies and fluffy pussies!”
Criteria.
The entries from the public are judged by meeting one point on the selection criteria. Selection points for entry of an art piece into MOPBA are:
History.
The founder of MOPBA is Helen Round. In the early 1990s, "Foreign Correspondent" reported on the Museum of Bad Art in Dedham. At this point of her life, Round was in the process of establishing a retail shop named "Fat Helen’s Bric a Brac shop", that was to specialise in the kitsch, inane and tasteless. It was also a hobby of Round's to peruse op shops, garage sales and markets. She was inspired by what she came across in these places and commenced her pursuit of collecting and preserving the mediocre. Round started collecting in 1993. 
Since then, Round has collected 200 examples of original art of poor taste. Of notable fame is the original portrait of actor Scott Baio that Round located in an op shop in the suburb of Windsor in 1996.
From 2005, the Exhibition commenced awarding the Itchiball Prize to the submitted art piece that is considered by the public to be the poorest. The name is a play on words and parody of the 'Archibald Prize', Australia's most important portraiture painting award.

</doc>
<doc id="5890098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890098" title="Boruch Ber Leibowitz">
Boruch Ber Leibowitz

Boruch Ber Leibowitz (1864 – November 17, 1939 (5 Kislev, 5700) (Hebrew: ברוך בער ליבוביץ) was a prominent student of Rabbi Chaim Brisker and was famed for his Talmudic lectures.
Reb Boruch Ber, as he is called by his students and followers, was born in Slutsk and was known as a prodigy at a very young age. He was sent to learn in Volozhin yeshiva. After having a difficult time conflicting with the methods of the Rosh Yeshiva, he adopted the Talmudic approach of Chaim Brisker.
He then married the daughter of Rabbi Abraham Zimmerman, whom he succeeded as Rabbi of Halusk. He also served as a pulpit Rabbi for other communities. In 1904 he was appointed head of the Kneseth Beis Yitzchak Yeshiva in Slobodka. During World War I he had to leave Slabodka and relocated the yeshiva to Minsk and then to Kremenchug and Vilna. In 1926 he re-established the yeshiva in Kaminetz, where it continued to attract hundreds of students for the next 13 years. In 1939, shortly before his death, he fled with the yeshiva to a suburb of Vilna, hoping to escape from the Nazis and the communists. He is buried at the Zaretcha cemetery, Vilna.

</doc>
<doc id="5890099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890099" title="Brown-hooded parrot">
Brown-hooded parrot

The Brown-hooded Parrot ("Pyrilia haematotis") is a small parrot which is a resident breeding species from southeastern Mexico to north-western Colombia. Until recently, it was placed in the genus "Pionopsitta", which now is restricted to the type species, the Pileated Parrot. It is sometimes considered conspecific with the Rose-faced Parrot ("P. pulchra"). This species has been adversely affected by deforestation.
It is found in lowlands and foothills locally up to 1600 m altitude in forest canopy and edges, and adjacent semi-open woodland and second growth. The white eggs are laid in an unlined nest, usually a natural cavity in a tree.
Description.
The Brown-hooded Parrot is 21 cm long and weighs 165 g. The adult has a brown head and neck, darker on the face, especially in males, and a red ear-patch. The rest of the body is mainly green, with an olive tone to the breast. The wings have blue outer primaries and red linings which show well in flight, and the tail has reddish sides The eye-ring and bill are pale. Young birds are similar to the adults, but paler, duller, and without red on the head.
Behaviour.
The Brown-hooded Parrot feeds in pairs or small flocks of up to 15 birds, taking various seeds and fruits, including figs, from trees and epiphytes. It can be difficult to see when feeding since it is slow-moving, usually silent, and keeps in the canopy.
Its flight call is a rolling "kereek", and when perched it has a variety of social gurgles and squeaks.

</doc>
<doc id="5890119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890119" title="List of minor characters in Beavis and Butt-head">
List of minor characters in Beavis and Butt-head

The following is a list of characters appearing occasionally on the MTV cartoon series "Beavis and Butt-head", each with a description. Some of these characters appear in only one or two episodes. The episodes in which they are known to appear are listed in italics. Other characters with smaller and/or less significant roles sometimes bear the likenesses of some of the characters listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="5890140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890140" title="Nootka Elementary School">
Nootka Elementary School

Nootka Elementary School in Vancouver, British Columbia, is an elementary school. The school opened in 1959 as Lord Beaconsfield Annex, but a growing student population led to the creation of Nootka Elementary School after full elementary school status was granted in 1963.
It is located at 3375 Nootka Street, near Renfrew Street. As of 2008, the current school principal is Monika Sanft and the Vice-principal is Diane Martinson.

</doc>
<doc id="5890143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890143" title="Black hair">
Black hair

Black hair is the darkest and most common of all human hair colors globally. It is a dominant genetic trait, and it is found in people of all backgrounds and ethnicities. It has large amounts of eumelanin and is less dense than other hair colors. Sometimes very dark brown (blackish-brown) hair is mistaken for black because the potency of eumelanin in the hair gives it the lustrous properties of black hair, using the rationale that "brown" does not do the darkness of the shade justice. Black hair is known to be the shiniest of all hair colors. In English, black hair is sometimes described as "soft-black", "raven black", or "jet-black". The range of skin colors associated with black hair is vast, ranging from the palest of white skin tones to black skin. Black-haired humans can have dark or light eyes.
Distribution.
Outside of Europe, the majority of humans have black hair. This is likely the original hair color of "Homo sapiens", and is found in its greatest distribution in Africa, Asia, and the pre-Columbian Americas. Black hair is also particularly common in people of Asia, Southern Europe, parts of South America and Africa regardless of ethnolinguistic affiliation. It is notably concentrated among Celtic peoples of Europe. For example, the western Irish are particularly noted for their curly hair, very dark brown to jet-black hair combined with either dark (such as brown) or light (such as green, gray or blue) colored eyes. Irish people with these traits are sometimes known as the "Black Irish". Though this characteristic can be seen in people throughout the United Kingdom, it becomes more common in parts of Central, Southern and especially Eastern Europe.
Dark haired people, ranging from dark chestnut and deep brown to black, with either dark or light colored eyes can also be seen among the Indo-European ethnic groups in Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan, and North India. Black hair is least common in the Baltic littoral, where true blondism is believed to have originated.

</doc>
<doc id="5890146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890146" title="List of Belarusians (ethnic group)">
List of Belarusians (ethnic group)

This is a list of people who are descended from the Old Belarusians of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="5890150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890150" title="Kloden drejer">
Kloden drejer

"Kloden drejer" ("The planet's spinning") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performed in Danish by Gry Johansen.
The song was performed fifteenth on the night, following Germany's Hoffmann & Hoffmann with "Rücksicht" and preceding Israel's Ofra Haza with "Khay". At the close of voting, it had received 16 points, placing 17th in a field of 20.
The song is a love song, with Gry juxtaposing a meeting between two people and the serenity it can bring with the chaos of daily life.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1984 Contest by Hot Eyes with "Det' lige det".

</doc>
<doc id="5890152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890152" title="Joshua Bartholomew">
Joshua Bartholomew

Bartholomew (born Joshua Bartholomew; July 30, 1984) is a Canadian singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and producer.
Bartholomew was born in Pembroke, Ontario, and raised on military bases throughout Canada including CFB Petawawa, CFB Valcartier and CFB Borden. Bartholomew began singing at the age of three and cites his parent’s extensive record collection as an early influence.
While attending Banting Memorial High School he was given permission to take co-op classes in his home studio where he began recording demos of his songs for school credit, playing all instruments himself. This role remains on most of Bartholomew’s studio recordings, though on occasion, he has involved other musicians and producers including: Chad Cromwell (Neil Young, Mark Knopfler), Greg Morrow (Dixie Chicks, Warren Haynes), Scott Baggett (Alison Krauss, John Waite), Glenn Rosenstein (U2, David Bowie), Joe Mardin (Raul Midon).
Music career.
Bartholomew’s self-titled debut EP was released in 2005. Two songs “What Happened To Our Love” and "IT" gained nationwide radio play on CBC Radio One. 
Bartholomew travelled extensively throughout 2006 to 2008 spending extended periods of time in New York City, Los Angeles and Nashville. Most of 2009 and 2010 was spent living in his Airstream trailer in Nashville, writing songs with pop and country artists including Grammy nominated country band Emerson Drive.
In 2008 Bartholomew self-released his first full length record, And So It Begins, a double album with 20 songs to critical acclaim, followed by Heart Headed, a 4 song EP released as a digital download in 2009.
Towards the end of 2010 Bartholomew began recording songs for a new album. In January 2011 he stated his new record "is a little heavier than what you're used to hearing" and announced he was shortening his name from Joshua Bartholomew to Bartholomew in a video update posted on his official website. On January 25, 2011 the Joshua Bartholomew Facebook fan page changed to Bartholomew.
Currently in Los Angeles, Bartholomew is working on his new album with several collaborators including: Dave Kushner (Velvet Revolver), Chris Thorn (Blind Melon), Warren Huart (Augustana, The Fray) and Billy Mohler (The Calling, Smashing Pumpkins).
Musical style and influence.
Bartholomew is a self-professed Beatles and Led Zeppelin fanatic and has cited Magical Mystery Tour and Led Zeppelin I as his favorite albums. In 2006, Bartholomew opened for two of his musical heroes Ron Sexsmith and Bachman-Cummings.
Bartholomew states that The Beatles played a major part in his childhood and considers them to be "the greatest band of all time." Bartholomew has also named producer, Dave Sardy as his most important modern production influence.

</doc>
<doc id="5890157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890157" title="Chris Jones (1990s outfielder)">
Chris Jones (1990s outfielder)

Christopher Carlos Jones (born December 16, 1965 in Utica, New York) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. Jones made his Major League Baseball debut with the Cincinnati Reds on April 21, 1991 and appeared in his final game with the Milwaukee Brewers on July 29, 2000.
He graduated in 1984 from Liverpool High School located in Liverpool suburb of Syracuse, New York. He was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 3rd round of the 1984 Major League Baseball Draft, and spent the next six seasons in the Reds' farm system. He played in 52 games in his rookie year before being released by the Reds and signed by the Houston Astros.
After a season with Houston, Jones was a member of the inaugural Colorado Rockies team that began play in Major League Baseball in 1993, and spent two years with the team, as well as two years with the New York Mets. He spent 1997 with the San Diego Padres then played for the inaugural Arizona Diamondbacks team in 1998. After playing for the San Francisco Giants and Milwaukee Brewers, he played in the minor leagues until 2004.
In 2004 Jones signed to play for the Newark Bears of the independent Atlantic League, following his retirement he returned to manage the Bears for two seasons from 2005-06. the team went 100-165 during his time in Newark. In January 2007, he took over as manager of the Kannapolis Intimidators, a minor league affiliate of the Chicago White Sox.
Jones currently lives now in Phoenix, Arizona, with his wife, Cystal, and two children, Christopher and Crishana. 

</doc>
<doc id="5890165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890165" title="List of Hudson's Bay Company brands">
List of Hudson's Bay Company brands

The Hudson's Bay Company, like most large retail and grocery chains, offers store brands, commonly referred to as "generic brands," which are lower cost alternatives to name brand products. The company has numerous store brands, each catering to a different consumer need or desire. Many products offered under the company's brands are private label products, which can be found in many different categories at most of the company's family of stores (The Bay, Home Outfitters, Designer Depot, and Fields). This is a list of the Hudson's Bay Company's brands.
In order to differentiate the company's stores from other retailers, in 2002 HBC signed a deal with Federated Department Stores' Federated Merchandising Group (FMG) division in which FMG would supply private brand merchandise to The Bay stores. Due to this deal some of the company's brands are actually FMG store brands that are found in Macy's stores in the United States but are sold exclusively at HBC stores in Canada. All of these brands are only sold in the company's The Bay stores, except for Très You, which is sold at Zellers.

</doc>
<doc id="5890166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890166" title="Braggin' Rights">
Braggin' Rights

Braggin' Rights (known for sponsorship reasons as Bud Light Braggin' Rights, previously Busch Braggin' Rights) is the annual men's college basketball contest between the University of Illinois Fighting Illini of the Big Ten Conference and University of Missouri Tigers of the SEC.
First played in 1980, the game takes place in St. Louis, Missouri, during the month of December. From 1980–93, it was played at the St. Louis Arena, and since 1994, it has been played at Scottrade Center. St. Louis is within convenient driving distance of the two schools' home cities of Columbia, Missouri (2 hours), and Champaign, Illinois (3 hours); many students at both schools come from the area; both schools have a large alumni base in greater St. Louis; and the Scottrade Center has a larger capacity than either school's home arena (State Farm Center for Illinois and Mizzou Arena for Missouri). It is traditionally held over the students' holiday break near the end of December, and is nationally televised. One of the most closely contested games in the series was the final game held at the St. Louis Arena on December 22, 1993. Missouri defeated Illinois 108-107 in a game that lasted three overtimes.
Before 2000, the series was fairly evenly matched, with Illinois leading the series 11-8 before the game held in 2000. However, the Illini went on a decade-long winning streak under Bill Self and Bruce Weber, while at the same time Mizzou basketball floundered with Quin Snyder as coach. Tiger fan frustration with not being able to win one of their marquee games boiled over so much that in Snyder's final game, an 82-50 drubbing in 2005, one fan threw a full tub of popcorn on him while he was exiting the arena. Since hiring Mike Anderson in 2006, though, Missouri's fortunes took an upward turn, culminating in an emphatic win in 2009 with the Scottrade Center playing Prince's "1999" following the victory, as a sly reference to the last time Mizzou had won in St. Louis.
The game was not played in 1982, but has been played every year since 1983. Through the 2013 game, Illinois holds a 21-12 edge over Missouri. The name of the victorious team is engraved on a large trophy that, unlike other college rivalry trophies, does not travel home with the winning team. The trophy is displayed in a glass case in the Scottrade Center lobby, where it occupies either an orange-and-blue or black-and-gold space in the cabinet, depending on who won. The other side has a plastic square reading "THE TROPHY BELONGS HERE NEXT YEAR" in the position where the trophy would go.
Prior to 1980, the Tigers and the Illini had an ""on-again, off-again"" relationship with their interstate rivalry. The official first meeting between the two schools occurred on December 21, 1932, where the Tigers hosted the Illini at Brewer Fieldhouse. The meeting placed Illini head coach Craig Ruby back at the school where he not only excelled as a player, but also where he began his coaching career. Illinois would win the game by a final score of 36-24. The following year the Illini would host the Tigers at Huff Hall and win again by the same score of 36-24. For the next half-century, the two teams would meet for an additional nine times, culminating with a back-and-forth series known as the "Show-Me Classic". This event began in December of 1976 in Columbia, Missouri at the Hearnes Center, where Missouri would defeat Illinois by a final score of 76-75. Over the next three years (1977-79) the two teams would reciprocate home courts until the decision to play on a neutral court was developed and sponsored by Anheuser-Busch prior to the 1980-81 season.
The Braggin' Rights Hoops rivalry has also been crossed over to other NCAA sports, most notably football.
Results.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="5890172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890172" title="Broad Creek, Maryland">
Broad Creek, Maryland

Broad Creek was a town on western Kent Island, Maryland that existed from the 17th century to the 19th century. The town once served as the eastern terminus of a trans-Chesapeake Bay ferry line that was part of an early route between Annapolis and Philadelphia.
In the mid 19th century, with the rise of steamboat travel, much of Kent Island's activity shifted to the towns of Stevensville, Chester, and Dominion, and in 1880, Christ Church, the main congregation on the island, moved to Stevensville, cementing the new town's position as Kent Island's main center of activity. Today, the area once occupied by Broad Creek is widely considered part of Stevensville. All that remains of the town today is the Broad Creek Cemetery and Christ Church, which are being restored.

</doc>
<doc id="5890178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890178" title="1st Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery">
1st Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery

The 1st Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery is a close support regiment attached to the 7th Brigade at Enoggera Barracks in Queensland. The unit was formed in 1914 under the name 1st Australian Field Artillery Brigade, part of 1st Division Artillery during World War I and later served in World War II and the Vietnam War. It is currently re-equipping with M777A2 lightweight towed howitzers.
History.
World War I.
The 1st Field Regiment was formed in 1914 following the outbreak of World War I. The Brigade saw action both on the Gallipoli Peninsula and in France. On cessation of hostilities in 1918, the 1st Australian Field Artillery Brigade returned to Australia where it was disbanded in 1919.
World War II.
The 2nd/1st Regiment RAA was raised on 31 October 1939 at Ingleburn, New South Wales. The Regiment saw action in North Africa supporting the 6th Australian Division between 21 December 1940 and 23 March 1941. The Regiment served with distinction in the battles for Bardia, Tobruk and Derna. On 5 February 1941, the Regiment captured the town of Barce using only the accurate and timely application of Artillery fire. The 1st Field Regiment's barracks located at Enoggera is named Barce Lines to commemorate this victory.
The Regiment served two tours in New Guinea. The first was 15 September 1942 to 13 August 1943, where the Regiment expanded existing doctrine for the deployment of artillery by deploying guns into forward areas by air. The Regiment returned to New Guinea on 4 January 1945 to support operations in the Wewak areas and was in occupation of these areas when the war ended on 15 August 1945. The last of the Regiment returned to Australia in January 1946 and was disbanded several weeks later as part of the post war demobilisation.
Post World War II.
1st Field Regiment was raised on 25 May 1949 at North Head, Sydney. At that time it was the only regular artillery regiment. On the eve of the Vietnam War the Regiment consisted of 101st Field Battery and 105th Field Battery (Independent), both equipped with 105 mm L5 Pack Howitzers, 102nd Light (4.2 inch Mortar) Battery and a Headquarters Battery. In April 1965 the decision was taken to deploy the 1st Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment (1RAR) to Vietnam. This resulted in an expansion of artillery regiments by the addition of a third field battery. 1st Field Regiment's order of battle for deployment to Vietnam was 101st Field Battery, 105th Field Battery, 161st Battery, Royal New Zealand Artillery and Headquarters Battery. 1 RAR deployed to Vietnam in May 1965 with fire support initially provided by 161 RNZA; however, in September 1965 the 105th Field Battery arrived to provide additional fire support. With the expansion of the Australian force to two Battalion Groups in June 1966, the remainder of the Regiment, less 101st Field Battery, deployed to Vietnam accompanied by 103rd Field Battery, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Richmond Cubis. In addition, six 155 mm M109 self-propelled howitzers from A Battery, US 2/35th Artillery Battalion were permanently attached at Nui Dat.
On 18 August 1966, the Regiment took part in the Battle of Long Tan in support of D Company, 6 RAR, firing 3,198 rounds from their L5s in three hours of battle with the artillery proving critical in ensuring the survival of the infantry. In September 1966, 105th Field Battery was replaced by 101st Field Battery and returned to Australia. In May 1967, the Regiment completed its first tour of duty in Vietnam and was replaced by 4th Field Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery. The Regiment, rejoined by 105th Field Battery, relocated to Sanananda Barracks, Wacol. The 103rd Field Battery was re-roled as a medium battery and moved to 12th Medium Regiment. In February 1969, 105th Field Battery returned to Vietnam for a second tour of duty to be followed by the remainder of the Regiment a month later. On completion of their final tour of duty, the Regiment returned to Sanananda Barracks, Wacol in March 1970.
Post Vietnam.
In February 1983, the Regiment was relocated to its current base at Barce Lines, Gallipoli Barracks, Enoggera. In November 1985, the Regiment was integrated with the Army Reserve resulting in the re-raising of 104th Field Battery as an Army Reserve battery on 8 November 1985.
As part of the restructuring of the Army (RTA) program, 1st Field Regiment took command of 13th Field Battery on 1 May 1997 and amalgamated with 11th Field Regiment on 15 June 1997. As part of the RTA motorised Battalion trial, 101st Field Battery, to be known as Fire Support Company, was placed under command of 6 RAR on 1 July 1997. In November 1999, Fire Support Company 6 RAR was disbanded, with the former 101st Field Battery members joining 105th Field Battery in anticipation of deployment on operations in East Timor. Although the entire sub-unit did not deploy to East Timor with 6 RAR Battalion Group in April 2000, many 1st Field Regiment members did deploy to East Timor with various units and distinguished themselves during their operational tour.
In January 2011 the Australian Regular Army field regiments were reorganised in preparation for re-equipment with new guns and battle management systems to each contain three observation post batteries, supported by a single gun battery equipped with 12 guns. As part of this reorganisation the regiments were renamed, with the word "field" removed from their title. Under the new structure each regiment is capable of providing a brigade-level Joint Fires and Effects Coordination Centre (JFEEC) and every observation post batter provieds a battle group JFECC as well as three combat team joint fires teams. Every gun battery now comprises three troops of 155 mm towed howitzers.
Under the Land 17 project in 2011 1st Regiment received 8 M777A2 lightweight towed howitzers to replace its L119 field guns and M198 howitzers, and the Advanced Field Artillery Tactical Data System (AFATDS), which is a fully automated digital battle-management system. In early 2012 it took delivery of the Digital Terminal Control System for observation post batteries. The regiment is currently based at Barce Lines, Gallipoli Barracks, Enoggera.

</doc>
<doc id="5890186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890186" title="Chung-guyok">
Chung-guyok

Chung-guyŏk (Central District) is one of the 19 "guyok" which constitute the city of Pyongyang, North Korea. The district is located in the center of the city, between the Potong and Taedong Rivers, and is bordered to the north by Moranbong-guyok, to the northwest by Potonggang-guyok, and to the south by Pyongchon-guyok.
Overview.
As the centre of Pyongyang, the district holds many of the city's most important buildings. The famous Kim Il-sung Square is located along the banks of the Taedong river, together with the Grand People's Study House, which is the national library of North Korea. Chung-guyok was once the historical centre of Pyongyang, and was almost completely obliterated during the Korean War by American bombing. Vestiges of the old city can still be seen, and the district is home to several of North Korea's National Treasures, including the rebuilt Potong and Taedong Gates, the Pyongyang Bell, the Ryongwang Pavilion, and the Sungryong and Sungin Halls. Other buildings include the Koryo Hotel, Taedonggang Hotel, Pyongyang First Department Store, The National Stamp museum of the DPRK, The Pyongyang Central Children's palace and Taedongmoon Cinema.
The Pyongyang Metro runs through this district, with stops at Yonggwang, Ponghwa and Sungri Stations.
Executive offices of the North Korean government and its industry are located in the area. This is also the headquarters borough of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea.
Economy.
Air Koryo has a booking office in Tongsŏng-dong.
Administrative divisions.
Chung-guyok is divided into nineteen administrative districts known as dong.

</doc>
<doc id="5890223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890223" title="Det' lige det">
Det' lige det

"Det' lige det" ("That's just it") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, performed in Danish by Hot Eyes.
The song was performed tenth on the night, following Ireland's Linda Martin with "Terminal 3" and preceding the Netherlands' Maribelle with "Ik hou van jou". At the close of voting, it had received 101 points, placing 4th in a field of 19.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman waiting for her lover to come to her. She tells him that his presence brightens the day considerably and that he shouldn't be afraid of loving her, as he appears to be.
As part of their performance of this song in the Danish national selection, the female half of the duo (Kirsten Siggard), pushed the male half (Søren Bundgaard) into a swimming pool. This act, while unable to be repeated at the Contest itself, earned the song the Danish nickname "The Swimming Pool Song".
An English version of "Det' lige det", entitled "Waiting in the Rain", was released as the B-side of the 45 rpm single. 
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1985 contest by Hot Eyes again, this time with "Sku' du spørg' fra no'en?".

</doc>
<doc id="5890224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890224" title="United States gubernatorial elections, 1998">
United States gubernatorial elections, 1998

The 1998 U.S. gubernatorial elections were held on November 3, 1998 in 36 states. Going into the election 24 of the seats were held by Republicans, 11 by Democrats, and one by an Independent. The elections changed the national balance of power by the loss of one Republican and the gain of one Independent, although it shifted in nine states. Democrats gained open seats in California and Iowa and defeated incumbents Fob James of Alabama and David Beasley of South Carolina while Republicans won open seats in Colorado, Florida, Nebraska, and Nevada and the Reform Party won an open Republican governorship in Minnesota. By the end of the election, 23 seats were held by Republicans, 11 by Democrats, one by the Reform Party, and one by an Independent.
The elections coincided with the mid-term elections for the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives.
With the exception of two states (New Hampshire and Vermont), the governors elected in this election serve until the 2002 gubernatorial elections (New Hampshire and Vermont's will serve until the 2000 elections).
Summary of results.
Note: Candidates' vote percentages rounded to the nearest tenth of one percent. Candidates earning 0.05% or more of the vote are included.
A bolded state name features an article about the specific election.

</doc>
<doc id="5890225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890225" title="In Siberia Tonight">
In Siberia Tonight

In Siberia Tonight is an Australian comedy talk show which aired on SBS from 2005 to 2006. The program was hosted by comedian Steve Abbott and was themed around his Russian heritage. The program commonly featured The Kransky Sisters, Indira Naidoo, Steves' mum Evelyn Abbott and Marcello Maio.
References.
Sydney Morning Herald - Show debut report

</doc>
<doc id="5890234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890234" title="Path 26">
Path 26

Path 26 is a set of three Southern California Edison (SCE) 500 kV power lines, located primarily in Los Angeles County, and extending into Kern and Ventura counties, all in California. The Path 26 lines are located in: the San Joaquin Valley of the southern Central Valley; the Tehachapi Mountains and other central Transverse Ranges; and the Antelope Valley section of the Mojave Desert.
Power grids link.
Path 26 forms Southern California Edison's (SCE) intertie (link) with Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E) to the north. Since PG&E's power grid and SCE's grid both have interconnections to elsewhere, in the Pacific Northwest (PG&E) and the Southwestern United States (SCE), Path 26 is a southern extension of Path 15 and Path 66, and a crucial link between the two regions' grids.
Power transmission capacity.
The three Path 26 500 kV lines can transmit 3,700 MW of electrical power north to south. The capacity for south to north power transmission is 3,000 MW.
Route.
Path 26 - Vincent to Midway.
The Path, starting from the south, starts at the large Vincent substation close to State Route 14 and Soledad Pass near Acton east of the Santa Clarita Valley. The same Vincent substation is linked to Path 46 and Path 61 via two SCE 500 kV lines that head southeast to Lugo substation. As for these SCE 500 kV wires, like Path 15 to the north, the three 500 kV wires are never built together for the entire length of the route. Straight from the substation, all three lines head north-northwest. The westernmost SCE 500 kV line splits away and runs west of the other two SCE 500 kV lines.
After crossing State Route 14, two 500 kV wires built by Los Angeles Department of Water and Power (LADW&P) join the eastern two SCE 500 kV wires. Some point west of Palmdale, one line (SCE) continues northwest and the other three (one SCE, two LADW&P) head west. The lone SCE line continuing northwest (with 230 kV lines) runs close to the Antelope Valley California Poppy Reserve, famed for its California Poppy flowers. The one SCE line that ran west of the other two SCE lines (now separated) re-joins the single SCE 500 kV running west with the two LADW&P lines. The four 500 kV lines run together for some distance until, at some point in the mountains, the two SCE lines continue to head west and the two LADW&P lines turn southwest and head for Sylmar in the San Fernando Valley (close to the Sylmar Converter Station southern terminus of the Pacific Intertie HVDC line). The two SCE lines heading west meet up with Interstate 5 on the arid foothills of the Sierra Pelona Mountains to the east of Pyramid Lake. The lines parallel I-5 crossing Tejon Pass (running on the eastern foothills of Frazier Mountain) and run out of sight for a while as they cross the high woodlands of the northern San Emigdio Mountains at their highest point at around .
As for the third line, north of Lancaster and State Route 138, it runs through a remote, roadless area of the Tehachapi Mountains with two 230 kV lines. Although it runs across sparse to dense oak woodlands at around , it is not easy to spot it on Google Earth since its right of way is not as clear cut as Path 15 and Path 66 to the north. Due to this, the line is not readily seen again until it crosses State Route 184 as a PG&E power line. Somewhere to the east of State Route 184, in the mountains, the line changes from SCE towers to PG&E towers. By the time the all three lines are visible to Interstate 5, they roughly parallel each other until all three lines, two SCE and one PG&E, terminate at the massive Midway substation in Buttonwillow in the San Joaquin Valley. Two pairs of PG&E 500 kV lines heading north and southwest (separated), form Path 15.
Connecting wires to Path 46 - Vincent to Lugo.
Adjacent to the Path 26 wires, two other SCE 500 kV also begin in Vincent substation. The two 500 kV power lines head northeast from Vincent to meet up with LADW&P's two other 500 kV wires from and then all four lines head east in the Antelope Valley along the northern foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains. Another LADW&P line joins the four-line transmission corridor, resulting in a large path of five power lines. However, one LADW&P splits off from the other four lines and heads southeast. Soon after, the SCE lines split away from the remaining two LADW&P lines and head southeast as well. They cross the lone LADW&P line that split away and Interstate 15 as they head to the Lugo substation northeast of Cajon Pass. The lines terminate at Lugo, where one SCE Path 61 500 kV line, two SCE Path 46 500 kV lines, and three other SCE 500 kV lines end.

</doc>
<doc id="5890241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890241" title="KMSC (FM)">
KMSC (FM)

KMSC 92.9 FM is a college radio station broadcasting an alternative format. It is licensed to Morningside College in Sioux City, Iowa, USA. Students are able to participate regardless of their field of study, with some classes requiring participation in KMSC's on-air presence. Students host their own shows ranging from shows about wrestling to political talk shows.
History.
Broadcast radio at Morningside College first started with a "Marconi station" built in the 1910s by some physics students and only capable of sending Morse code signals. Voice broadcasting was inaugurated with radio station KFMR 1150 AM, which operated between 1923 and 1928 at a power of 100 watts. KFMR was among the earliest educational stations in the country (the very first educational stations at the Universities of Minnesota and Wisconsin went on the air in 1922). However, it wasn't until April 1978 that college radio returned to Morningside with the start of KMSC, thanks in part to the FCC's adoption of new (at the time) non-commercial/educational FM regulations.
Awards.
In 2006, the station received the Eric Sevareid Award for first place in the category of student radio play-by-play by the Northwest Broadcast News Association (NBNA). KMSC received the award for its football broadcast of Morningside’s 35-13 victory against Hastings College on October 29, 2005. Casey Gibbs, a senior from Garnavillo, Iowa, and Josh Creekmore, a former student from Hartington, Nebraska, were the student broadcasters.
In 2004 and 2006, KMSC was voted a "Siouxland Choice" radio station by readers of "The Weekender" newspaper.
Political Programming.
The station broadcasts some local appearances by presidential candidates. Recent political broadcasts have featured Senators Christopher Dodd, Barack Obama and John McCain. On election night, KMSC marshals some 60 mass communications, political science and other students for a marathon "count the vote" broadcast.
Movement from 88.3 FM to 92.9 FM.
KMSC just moved to a new frequency, due to interference with newly-licensed KFHC, broadcasting on adjacent channel 88.1 FM and operated by St. Gabriel Communications, Ltd.KFHC's license to broadcast was granted on March 14, 2008. Due to the limitations inherent with operating as a low-power "Class D" station, KMSC was forced to give deference to KFHC's signal and discontinue broadcasting. The station has filed an application with the FCC to resume broadcasting on 92.9 FM. The station can also be heard via the streaming audio link on its website [http://webs.morningside.edu/masscomm/kmsc/listen.html.

</doc>
<doc id="5890244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890244" title="Jim Tatum (baseball)">
Jim Tatum (baseball)

Jimmy Tatum (born October 9, 1967 in San Diego, California) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman, third baseman, catcher and outfielder.
He was drafted by the San Diego Padres in the 3rd round of the 1985 Major League Baseball Draft, Tatum was the American Association MVP in 1992, batting .329 with 19 home runs and 101 RBI.
Tatum made his major league debut with the Milwaukee Brewers on September 18, , and appeared in his final game on June 11, .
Tatum was a member of the inaugural Colorado Rockies team that began play in Major League Baseball in . He hit the first grand slam in Colorado Rockies history on May 4, 1993.
He also played for one season in Japan for the Yakult Swallows (2012 - ?).
Japan Series Champion 1997
Hit game-winning home run in the top of the 8th against the Seibu Lions, Swallows won 1-0.
1st career pinch hit in Colorado Rockies franchise history April 8, 1993 off Brett Saberhagen New York Mets Shea Stadium.
Led MLB in pinch hits with 17 in 1993 for Colorado Rockies.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5890265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890265" title="KMSC (AM)">
KMSC (AM)

KMSC is a student run unlicensed college radio station located on the campus of Minnesota State University Moorhead. The station, branded as Dragon Radio, airs on AM 1500.

</doc>
<doc id="5890268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890268" title="Belinda Montgomery">
Belinda Montgomery

Belinda J. Montgomery (born July 23, 1950) is a Canadian-American actress, writer, and painter. She initially attracted notice for her starring role in the 1970s science-fiction series "Man from Atlantis" as Dr. Elizabeth Merrill and also for her recurring role as Caroline Crockett/Ballard in the 1980s cop series "Miami Vice". However, she is perhaps best known for her role as matriarch Katherine Howser in the ABC medical comedy-drama "Doogie Howser, M.D.". 
Life and career.
Montgomery was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. 
Montgomery has made over 80 guest appearances on television shows, including "Ironside" ("Little Dog Gone", 1970), "Dynasty", "L.A. Law", "JAG", and "Ghost Whisperer", among other series.
Before pursuing an acting career, Montgomery was a watercolor painter. She sold her first art piece at the age of ten. She continues to paint along with acting. Many of her art pieces are featured on her official website.
In March 2013, writing under the pen name B. Montgomery, Belinda submitted a short story "St. Patrick of the Pineapple" to Midlife Collage, an online writing contest. Montgomery's story won first-place in the contest.

</doc>
<doc id="5890280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890280" title="Table radio">
Table radio

A table radio is a small, self-contained radio receiver used as an entertainment device. Most such receivers are limited to radio functions, though some have compact disc or audio cassette players and clock radio functions built in; some models also include shortwave or satellite radio functionality.
Though generally compact in design, table radios are not necessarily intended to be portable in the manner of a boom box. Many can run on battery power, however, making them useful as emergency radios.
Some with CD functionality traditionally have top loading CD players but more recently can have front loading CD players.

</doc>
<doc id="5890283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890283" title="United States gubernatorial elections, 2000">
United States gubernatorial elections, 2000

The U.S. gubernatorial elections of 2000 were held on November 7, 2000. Eleven states voted to select a governor (and in some cases, lieutenant governor).
Election results.
Only the governorship of West Virginia changed party hands in 2000 when Democrat Bob Wise defeated Republican incumbent Cecil Underwood.
Bolded state name features an article about the specific election.

</doc>
<doc id="5890284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890284" title="Dottie Peoples">
Dottie Peoples

Dottie Peoples is an American gospel singer.
Born Dorthy Peoples in 1950 in Dayton, Ohio, Peoples began singing at an early age. After completing high school, she toured with gospel pioneer Dorothy Norwood, a member of The Caravans. After that, she briefly joined a jazz ensemble, performing in various venues across the country.
Unhappy singing secular music, she relocated to Atlanta to return her gospel roots.
She recorded her debut album, "Live At Salem Baptist Church", in 1993. On July 28, 2008, Peoples performed a free concert at the East Birmingham Church of God in Christ.
Career.
Vocalist with jazz ensemble and Groove Holmes, five years; Church Door Records, 1979–91, general manager; "The Dottie Peoples' Showcase," WAOK Atlanta, 1990–96, host, director, producer; Atlanta International Records, 1991-; Harry's Jazz Symphony, 1996, vocalist; producer for Rev. Dreyfus Smith and The Wings of Faith Mass Choir; producer for Rev. Andrew Cheairs and The Songbirds of Byhalia, MS; WOW Gospel, 1999, vocalist.
Life's Work.
Gospel vocalist, songwriter, producer, tour director, businesswoman, and spokesperson Dottie Peoples has been a star in the gospel music industry for more than 30 years, since she was nine years old. Called the "Songbird of the South" by Atlanta WAOK radio announcer Brother Esmond Patterson, Peoples won the top four honors at the 1995 Stellar Awards with her album, On Time God. Since then she has perpetually won or been nominated for many awards.
The firstborn of ten children, and the only singer in the family, Peoples was born in Dayton, Ohio. Her father worked two jobs, one at General Motors, to support the large family. According to Richard Gincel of the Atlanta Constitution, Peoples well remembers "walking a mile to school in snow up to our heads" because her family could not afford bus fare.
During her summer vacations, Peoples would stay with her grandmother in Birmingham, Alabama and would attend church with her all day on Sundays. The singers fascinated Peoples. She pictured herself as another Mahalia Jackson and went on to sing in her church choir and her high school concert choir. After high school, she toured briefly with gospel singer Dorothy Norwood and then with Shirley Caesar. Peoples' mother did not want her daughter to go on tour.
Started With Jazz.
Despite her mother's objections about touring, Groove Holmes gave Peoples the opportunity to join his ensemble and for five years she performed in jazz clubs. When she married, Peoples stopped performing, but she could not stay away from singing. Not only did she want to serve God with song, Peoples had the voice to inspire. In fact, with a vocal range of soprano to alto to tenor, she has been compared to Patti LaBelle. The Philadelphia Tribune called Peoples a ``vocal powerhouse." But singing was not the most important thing in her life. She told writer Jimmy Stewart, "I love singing, but it's my personal relationship with Jesus that inspires me to do it."
In the seventies, while working at Salem Baptist Church in Atlanta, Peoples persuaded Reverend Doctor Jasper Williams, Jr. to start Church Door Records. Peoples became the general manager. The record label produced albums for the pastor and the church choir, and later, in 1984, Peoples's first solo effort, Surely God Is Able. In 1987, People's Is It Worth It All nourished the spiritual world on the same label. Two other albums followed.
Gospel music explosion in the 1990s.
Gospel music exploded in the nineties. In 1990, "The Dottie Peoples' Showcase" on radio station WAOK of Atlanta helped this explosion. In 1991, a year after Peoples started hosting, directing, and producing the show, she signed with Atlanta International Records. In 1993 her album, "Live" at Salem Baptist Church, garnered her a Stellar Award nomination for Best Female Solo Performance of traditional music. More nominations—for the Gospel Excellence Awards, Soul Train "Lady of Soul" Awards, and Dove awards—would follow with other albums. Peoples's success with her "Live" album allowed her to leave her position with Church Door Records and sing full-time.
Peoples's 1995 album, On Time God, would change her role in gospel music. At the Stellar Awards, she won Female Vocalist of the Year for traditional music, Choir of the Year for traditional music, Album of the Year, and Song of the Year for "On Time God." That same year, Peoples would receive a Vision Award by Bobby Jones Gospel of Black Entertainment Television and Gospel Today Magazine. ``On Time God" would also win the Atlanta Gospel Choice Award for Song of the Year.
Throughout the nineties, Peoples toured with many gospel artists, among them Shirley Caesar, Kirk Franklin, and the Jasper Williams Crusade for Christ Ministry. Her vocals have also been featured on many other albums, such as the Women of Worship '98 album.
Once described as ``single, saved, and successful," Peoples continues to win awards and inspire. She not only sings, but writes many of her songs, such as "On Time God" and "Testify" from her 1996 album of the same name. Testify won numerous nominations for awards. In 1999, God Can and God Will: Live In Atlanta became her ninth album. She sang songs from the new release to an audience of 4,500 at the New Birth Missionary Baptist Church in Decatur, Georgia. An inspiring 225-member choir backed her performance.
Considered a Leader.
Besides writing and singing gospel music, Peoples tours with a five-piece band consisting of guitar, keyboards, bass, synthesizer, and drums. She produces her own music, plus that of Reverend Dreyfus Smith, her pastor, and The Wings Of Faith Mass Choir, her home church. Peoples also produces the music for Reverend Andrew Cheairs and The Songbirds of Byhalia, Mississippi.
Though considered a traditional singer, Peoples appeals to all ages by incorporating contemporary songs and styles, such as rap, with her concerts. Her dynamic personality and faith keep her connected to others. Another way Peoples connects is through her business acumen. Though her heart remains with gospel music, she has allowed herself to branch out, first as a spokesperson for Lustrasilk, a hair product of the Gillette company, and then as a spokesperson for a southern women's clothing store, Colbert's. She can be seen and heard in television commercials. She has sung the National Anthem at the Atlanta Hawks baseball games and at the Centennial Summer Olympics. Also, in 1996, Peoples performed with "Harry's Jazz Symphony" and the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, the first time a gospel singer had been featured.
Already considered a leader among the future's female gospel greats, Peoples maintains, "Gospel has to change a bit for the new generation because young people need gospel, need to hear a word from the Lord, now more than ever. By the time I leave the stage, I want to have an impact on somebody's life." In 1997, Peoples won the James Cleveland Lifetime Achievement Award. That award emphasized that Peoples has made an impact on the world and will continue to do so as she sings in the twenty-first century.
Awards.
Atlanta Gospel Choice Award Winner, 1994, for Song of the Year, "Pure Love," and Female Soloist Traditional; Atlanta Gospel Choice Award Winner, 1995, for Song of the Year, "On Time God"; Gospel Music Workshop of America/Gospel Excellence Awards, 1995, Album of the Year-Traditional, Female Vocalist of the Year, Song of the Year, "On Time God"; Vision Awards Recipient, 1995, Bobby Jones Gospel; Stellar Awards Winner, 1995, Female Vocalist-Traditional, Choir of the Year-Traditional, Album of the Year, On Time God, Song of the Year, "On Time God"; Atlanta Gospel Choice Award Winner, 1995, Best Choir of the Year, Song of the Year, "Everybody Ought to Know Who Jesus Is"; Stellar Awards Winner, 1996, Top Female Vocalist; First Annual NAACP Phoenix Awards Winner, 1996, Female Vocalist of the Year; Gospel Music Workshop of America/Gospel Excellence Awards, 1997, Traditional Album of the Year, Traditional Female Vocalist of the Year, Song of the Year, "Count On God"; National Association of Independent Record Distributors (Indie Award), 1997, Gospel Album of the Year.
Education.
Dottie has an honorary Doctor of Sacred Music from Global Evangelical Christian College (Part of the International Circle of Faith Colleges and Seminaries network). Dottie toured many places with her very dear friend Garnelle Hubbard-Spearman.

</doc>
<doc id="5890286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890286" title="Jules Quesnel Elementary School">
Jules Quesnel Elementary School

Jules Quesnel Elementary School in Vancouver, British Columbia, is an elementary school. As it is a French immersion school, it is also known by its French name, École Jules Quesnel. While the building was built in the 1920s as a wing of Lord Byng Secondary School, the school first opened in 1978 [http://www.vsb.bc.ca/schools/Elementaryschools/03939132/Profile/schooloverview.htm].
It is located at 3050 Crown Street, near 16th Avenue, adjacent to Lord Byng Secondary School. As of 2013, the current school principal is Nathalie Morisette, and the vice-principal is Vital Peeters. 

</doc>
<doc id="5890287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890287" title="RocKwiz">
RocKwiz

RocKwiz is an Australian television quiz show series, focused on rock music and featuring different guest artist musicians who perform live in each episode. The show was co-created by Brian Nankervis, Peter Bain-Hogg and Kenny Connor. It is broadcast on SBS One and premiered in 2005. As of August 2013 it is in its 12th season.
Summary.
The program previously aired on Saturday at 8:30 pm, but as from 2014, it airs on Monday at 9:30 pm and is hosted by Julia Zemiro. It is shot in The Gershwin Room at St Kilda's Esplanade Hotel, commonly called just "The Espy", in Melbourne. The program often includes local lesser-known musicians (predominantly vocalists), alongside more well known Australian and international musicians, often performing live. It has a cult following for its no-frills style. The show features the "RocKwiz Orkestra" which provides musical clues and support for special music guests and participants in the competition segment.
Cast.
Hosts.
The show is hosted by Julia Zemiro, with Brian Nankervis as the scorer and "adjudicator where necessary". Dugald McAndrew features as a "human scoreboard". The show has had the following guest hosts:
Orchestra.
RocKwiz Orkestra comprises:
Rounds.
The quiz comprises five rounds, and one preliminary round called "Ready Steady RocKwiz" which happens off air to select the contestants for the show. A notable feature of the show is its very casual attitude to the scoring system – a fact Brian once addressed on his introductory segment after apparently receiving some complaints from viewers. A common example of this is the awarding of "bonus points", often done when one team appears to be dominant.
To close each show, the musical guests perform a duet, accompanied by the RocKwiz Orkestra. SBS has released a compilation CD & DVD of the best duets.
Episodes.
As of June 2014, the show has had twelve seasons. In addition to the regular episodes, there have been a number of specials and Christmas shows. Episode running times for Seasons 1 & 2 was 26 minutes. Seasons 3 to 10 had a regular running time of 44 minutes. Seasons 11 and 12 have a regular running time of 52 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="5890302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890302" title="Sku' du spørg' fra no'en?">
Sku' du spørg' fra no'en?

"Sku' du spørg' fra no'en?" ("What business is it of yours?") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, performed in Danish by Hot Eyes.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Cyprus' Lia Vissi with "To Katalava Arga" and preceding Spain's Paloma San Basilio with "La fiesta terminó". At the close of voting, it had received 41 points, placing 11th in a field of 19.
The song is a duet in which both singers describe a chance encounter in a nightclub. They desperately try to remember the identity of the person they have seen, before realising that they used to play together as children.
The performance is also memorable for the appearance of vocalist Søren Bundgaard's 9-year-old daughter Lea onstage to provide vocals during the song. This is an act unlikely to be repeated in the Contest, as the rules now stipulate that every performer must turn 16 or older in the year of the relevant Contest.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1986 Contest by Lise Haavik with "Du er fuld af løgn".

</doc>
<doc id="5890304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890304" title="Jay Gainer">
Jay Gainer

Johnathan Keith Gainer (born October 8, 1966 in Panama City, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman who appeared in 23 games for the Colorado Rockies in the season. He is an alumnus of the University of South Alabama, and is currently the hitting coach for the Visalia Oaks.
Drafted by the San Diego Padres in the 24th round of the 1990 MLB amateur draft, Gainer would make his Major League Baseball debut with the Rockies on May 14, 1993, and appear in his final game on October 2 of that year. Gainer was a member of the inaugural Rockies team.
Gainer was one of 22 players in Major League history to homer on the first pitch of their first Major League at bat.

</doc>
<doc id="5890312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890312" title="Quantum (TV series)">
Quantum (TV series)

Quantum is an Australian television show about science and technology that aired on ABC television for 16 years. It aired its last episode on 26 April 2001, and has been replaced by "Catalyst".

</doc>
<doc id="5890316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890316" title="United States gubernatorial elections, 2001">
United States gubernatorial elections, 2001

The U.S. gubernatorial elections of 2001 were held on November 6, 2001. Two states voted to select a governor, as well as other statewide offices and members of state legislatures.

</doc>
<doc id="5890340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890340" title="Howard Johnson (electrical engineer)">
Howard Johnson (electrical engineer)

Dr. Howard Johnson is an electrical engineer, known for his consulting work and commonly referenced books on the topic of signal integrity, especially for high speed electronic circuit design. He served as the chief technical editor for Fast Ethernet and Gigabit Ethernet standardisation, and was recognized by the IEEE as an "Outstanding Contributor" to the IEEE P802.3z Gigabit Task Force.
Johnson earned his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering (1978), Masters of Electrical Engineering (1979), and PhD (1982) from Rice University. His dissertation was titled "The design of DFT algorithms".
Area of contribution.
Johnson has significantly raised awareness of analog effects at work in high speed digital electronic systems.
In modern digital systems, it is common for digital designs to be subject to analog effects, even if they operate at a relatively low clock frequency. Circuits operating at lower clock rates can behave as high speed digital systems if there is sufficient high frequency content in the signal edges (when transitioning between digital logic levels) relative to the distance traveled across a printed circuit board. As a result of improvements in semiconductor process, faster edge rates of even "low technology" electronic components can be sufficient to make the system effectively high speed and thus subject to havoc caused by unanticipated analog effects.
A good example is his illustration of the matrix of rising edges that result from different combinations of skin-effect and dielectric loss which illustrates PCB design problems one encounters at microwave frequencies.
Johnson was also active in the development of two Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) standards that govern Ethernet, IEEE 802.3 Fast Ethernet and IEEE 802.3 Gigabit Ethernet.
Books and Publications.
Johnson has written three books:
Johnson also ran a monthly column at EDN (magazine) entitled "Signal Integrity", which was later moved to a blog format.
He signed off with his last post "Seek inspiration" on 24 June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5890346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890346" title="The Genie from Down Under">
The Genie from Down Under

The Genie From Down Under is an Australian children's comedy television series. It was a co-production between the ACTF, the BBC and the ABC from 1995 to 1998. It was released on video in the 1990s, and is available for order via the ACTF website or Purchase on iTunes.
Plot.
Penelope Townes, a 13 year old British girl, comes into possession of an opal pendant when she explores the dusty attic of her family's decaying mansion. The opal contains two Australian genies, "Bruce" and his son "Baz". Typically, an episode revolved around the consequences of one of Penelope's flippant wishes, or the efforts of an outside party to steal the opal (and thus, the genies).
There is also a strong subplot involving Bruce's efforts to manipulate Penelope's wishes in order to become free from the opal – something which Penelope, who is snobbish and sees the genies as her property, is too selfish to allow.
When Penelope inherits a property in Australia (Townes Downs), Bruce and Baz are very happy because it means that they can spend more time in their own country. When they go to inspect the property, they meet Otto von Meister, who runs tours of outback Australia. His family had once owned the opal, and according to Otto, Penelope's great grandfather had stolen it from his family years before. When he finds out that Penelope has the opal, he tries to steal it from her. He often enlists his nephew Conrad to help him. Penelope falls in love with Conrad, which gives Otto far more opportunity to steal the opal.
Things are further complicated when Bruce (the genie) falls in love with Penelope's mother, Lady Diana Townes. She is already supposedly in love with Lord 'Bubbles' Uppington-Smythe, however, it is revealed that this is only because of his money, and she in turn falls in love with Bruce.
In the end, Penelope accepts that Bruce and her mother are in love, and gives the opal to her mother, allowing Bruce to reveal his true identity. Bruce and Diana end up marrying.
Production.
Two series were produced. The first during 1995 and 1996 and the second during 1998. Rhys Muldoon wasn't able to return for season 2, so Sandy Winton took over the role. The scenes of Penelope's mansion in England were shot at Werribee Park Mansion near Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="5890350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890350" title="Palm Springs Art Museum">
Palm Springs Art Museum

The Palm Springs Art Museum (formerly the Palm Springs Desert Museum) was founded in 1938, and is a regional art, natural science and performing arts institution for Palm Springs and the Coachella Valley, in Riverside County, California, United States.
History.
Desert Museum years.
The Palm Springs Desert Museum was first housed in 1938 in a small room in La Plaza Arcade on Palm Canyon Drive near 'downtown' Palm Springs. The museum focused on the Colorado Desert natural environment and the original local Native Americans, such as the Cahuilla people. On the edge of the present-day business district, the arcade was a gathering place for residents. Soon the growing museum found temporary new quarters in a section of the town's library. During World War II it was operated by biologist T. D. A. Cockerell. It then expanded in 1947 into a section of a converted wartime hospital. Folk singer and marine biologist Sam Hinton served as director from 1942-1944. The Desert Museum had evolved to reflect the community's growing interest in its natural science and American Indian collections and programs. In 1952 the desert wildlife reserve habitat natural 'open air natural history museum' and botanical garden was added, and the name for all was the Palm Springs Desert Museum.
Art Museum.
A new modern structure was built for the Art Museum component in downtown Palm Springs in 1958, and in 1962 it expanded for an auditorium and new galleries to house contemporary art exhibitions. Frederick Sleight – anthropologist and Executive Director – is credited with guiding the transformation.
Renowned local architect E. Stewart Williams designed another new building only a few blocks away, in the Modernist architectural style, for the third and present location of the growing museum. It continues as an architecturally dramatic and innovative Art Museum and Annenberg Theater in downtown Palm Springs, at 101 Museum Drive just west of North Palm Canyon Drive at the base of Mt. San Jacinto. When the art museum was established, the desert wildlife reserve museum component became an independent public institution as the Living Desert Museum, now the Living Desert Zoo and Gardens.
Museum scope.
Emphases of the Palm Springs Art Museum developed into three areas: 
Educational programs related to each of the three disciplines were planned, and the new Palm Springs Desert Museum opened to the public in January 1976. The museum expanded again in 1982 with the addition of the Denney Western American Art Wing, the museum was renamed the Palm Springs Art Museum, and classic American western art was added to the collection's fine art emphasis.
Art and natural science.
Today the permanent collection consists of more than 24,000 objects. 12,000 objects include fine art, fine art photography, photographic archives, Native American art, Mesoamerican art and artifacts from other cultures. The natural science collections are categorized in geology, biology and archaeology. 12,000 specimens include ceramics, lithics, tools, weapons, minerals, fossils, rocks, casts of fossils, herbaria, mounted invertebrates, preserved amphibians and reptiles, study skins and whole mounts of birds and mammals.
Performing arts.
The intimate 437-seat Annenberg Theater presents internationally known performers and concert artists in music, dance and theater.
New growth and accreditation.
The museum received accreditation from the American Association of Museums (now known as the American Alliance of Museums) in 1982.
The museum building had originally been designed with the possibility of adding a third level. The need for more exhibition space and educational facilities was recognized by the Board of Trustees, noting increased population and tourism in the Coachella Valley, in addition to the Museum's growing collections. An expansion project was initiated with a gift of $1.5 million seed money and 132 works of art from the personal collection of designer and art collector Steve Chase.
The Steve Chase Art Wing and Education Center, also designed by E. Stewart Williams, opened in November 1996. The expansion included 25,000 additional square feet of art galleries, a mezzanine, a sculpture terrace, four classrooms, two art storage vaults and a 90-seat lecture hall. The entire Palm Springs Museum complex now encompasses , with additional exhibition space in Palm Desert as of March 2012.
Palm Springs Art Museum in Palm Desert.
On March 15, 2012, the museum opened a satellite facility in the nearby community of Palm Desert. The inaugural exhibition was "Rodin to Now" a survey of modern sculpture from the groundbreaking French artist's work which arguably began the modern epoch in sculpture through to the immediately contemporary works of artists such as Tracey Emin, Anthony Gormley and Jennifer Steinkamp.

</doc>
<doc id="5890352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890352" title="Strub">
Strub

Strub is a last name of German origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5890353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890353" title="Power dips">
Power dips

A power dip is a very short drop in voltage in a system (generally home AC wiring). It is most commonly observed when a high-current device (such as a hair dryer, microwave, or table saw) is switched on and lights in the same system will dim momentarily. There are also other sources for voltage dips coming from places higher up in the distribution stream than an individual home.
While most electrical devices are not adversely affected, devices that need a more reliable voltage can be protected with the use of an uninterruptible power supply.

</doc>
<doc id="5890354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890354" title="Politics and Government of Buffalo, New York">
Politics and Government of Buffalo, New York

The elected municipal government of the City of Buffalo consist of a mayor, 9 common council members, a comptroller and several city court judges. Buffalo is the largest of three cities within and is the seat of Erie County.
At the state level Buffalo is represented by 3 assemblymen (141st District, 144th District and 145th District) and two state senators (60th District and 58th District) in Albany.
The city is divided between two Congressional districts: the 27th, which also contains southern Erie County and Chautauqua County; and the 28th, which also contains part of City of Tonawanda, Town of Tonawanda, Grand Island, Niagara Falls, northern Niagara and Orleans counties and most of the city of Rochester. Buffalo and Rochester are the largest non-contiguous cities in the United States connected by a single congressional district. 

</doc>
<doc id="5890361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890361" title="Gerald Young (baseball)">
Gerald Young (baseball)

Gerald Anthony Young (born October 22, 1964, in Tela, Honduras) is a former professional baseball outfielder. He played all or part of eight seasons in Major League Baseball, primarily as a center fielder. He is the first person born in Honduras to play Major League Baseball.
Young was drafted in the 5th round of the 1982 MLB amateur draft by the New York Mets. He was, along with Rafael Palmeiro and Dwight Gooden, part of a draft class that set a major league record for a single team when 14 of those players reached the major leagues. http://www.baseball-reference.com/draft/?query_type=franch_year&team_ID=NYM&year_ID=1982&draft_type=junreg
Young was traded by the Mets to the Houston Astros on September 1, 1984, for third baseman Ray Knight, and made his major league debut with them on July 8, 1987. He showed promise by hitting .321 and stealing 26 bases for the Astros, finishing 5th in National League Rookie of the Year voting despite playing less than half a season with the major league club. Young's best season in the major leagues came the following year, 1988, when he finished 2nd in the NL with 65 steals. 1989 was a disappointment for Young offensively, although he did manage to finish 8th in the league in steals (34) and accomplish a rare defensive feat by recording 412 putouts with only one error and adding 15 outfield assists.
Young would spend the next three seasons splitting time between the Astros, their Triple A affiliate the Tucson Toros, and the disabled list (with an assortment of injuries). Although he was successful at the minor league level, always hitting over .300, his batting statistics for the Astros never replicated his earlier success.
At the end of the 1992 season, Young became a free agent, and he signed with, and became an inaugural member of the expansion Colorado Rockies team that began play in Major League Baseball in 1993. Young appeared in his final game on August 11, 1994, playing for the St. Louis Cardinals. He was released that October by the Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="5890367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890367" title="Achille Castiglioni">
Achille Castiglioni

Achille Castiglioni (February 26, 1918 - December 2, 2002) was a renowned Italian industrial designer. He was often inspired by everyday things and made use of ordinary materials. He preferred to use a minimal amount of materials to create forms with maximal effect.
Career.
Achille Castiglioni was born in Milan and studied architecture at the Politecnico di Milano University and set up a design office in 1944 with his brothers, Livio Castiglioni and Pier Giacomo Castiglioni. In 1956, Castiglioni founded the Associazione per il Disegno Industriale (Association for Industrial Design, ADI).
Castiglioni taught for many years, first at the Politecnico di Torino. In 1969 and later he led a class in Industrial Design at the faculty of Architecture at Politecnico di Milano, teaching several thousand students. 
Castiglioni has exhibited his designs at every Milan Triennial since 1947 and has received seven Compasso d'Oro awards. Most of Castilglioni's products are design classics and are still in production under licence. The Museum of Modern Art has some of his most important designs in its permanent collection.
Works of the "Castiglioni brothers".
The professional partnership by Achille Castiglioni, Livio Castiglioni and Pier Giacomo Castiglioni has been called the "Castiglioni brothers", which Livio left in 1952. This group has become one of the most witty, elegant and innovative partnerships in modern design. The brothers worked from the viewpoint that design must restructure an object's function, form and production process, and applied this maxim to every work that they produced. Castiglioni described this process with these words: "Start from scratch. Stick to common sense. Know your goals and means".
1950s.
In the 1950s the Castiglioni brothers publicly cemented their commitment to redesigning objects, with their tractor seat stool, Mezzadro and their Sella chair made of a bicycle seat. Castiglioni said of his design for the Sella, "When I use a pay phone, I like to move around, but I also would like to sit, but not completely." These designs drew upon the readymade school of art, in which everyday objects are repurposed for the showroom floor. 
The chairs also embrace Castiglioni's theory of a Principal Design Component, or PDC, which the designer has found and is building upon within his design. Castiglioni is best known for his lamps, principally for Flos.
During the fifties and sixties the Castiglioni brothers produced a remarkable number of popular designs. Their "Spalter" vacuum cleaner (1956), manufactured by Rem, was made of bright red plastic and was meant to be slung across the user's back with a leather strap, like a bag. Their lamps, the minimalist "Luminator" (1955) and "Bulb" (1957), employed exposed bulbs. In 1957 they held a show entitled, "Forme e Colori nella Casa d'Oggi" (Shapes and Colours in Today's Home) at "Villa Olmo" in Como, to exhibit their series of readymade designs.
1960s.
In 1962 the brothers introduced "Arco", a floor lamp with a long, curved arm extending eight feet from the marble base which had to be moved by two people inserting a broomstick through the hole in the base.
Their Snoopy Lamp of 1967 was a table lamp, indeed inspired by the cartoon character, also had a marble base, which stabilized the egg-shaped metal and glass shade. Their "Toio" (1962) lamp again used the PDC method, using a car reflector as its inspiration. Their lighting system for the Montecatini pavilion at the Milan Fair in 1962 featured cone shaped lights suspended from wires.
The Castiglionis also designed the "RR126" stereo system (1965), which was meant to be a "musical pet." The dials and controls form the shape of a face, with the speakers as ears. This design, for Brionvega, was free standing, with casters to make it mobile, and the speakers folded up when not in use, to make the design more compact.
Post-formalist 1970s and 80s.
In 1982 Castiglioni created the cutlery design "Dry" for Alessi, that company's first cutlery line and a seminal product. The design was something of a reaction to the over-formalist, over-functionalist decades of particularly Scandinavian design.

</doc>
<doc id="5890370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890370" title="KWDM">
KWDM

KWDM, "88.7 KWDM The Point," is a modern rock high school radio station serving the Des Moines, Iowa area on 88.7 FM. The radio station's studio is located at Valley High School in West Des Moines. It is owned and operated by the West Des Moines Community School District, though it is always operated by students at Valley. As a station run by high school students, it broadcasts all the time.
History.
KWDM first began broadcasting in 1948 by George Webber under the frequency 1150 AM. He then sold the station to investors from 3M in 1959. 1150 AM's call letters changed to KWKY.
In 1964, Webber revived KWDM via the frequency 93.3 FM. The station consisted of block programming of music, usually ethnic music not heard elsewhere in Des Moines as well as a talk show by his wife and play-by-play sports. KWDM was never a top performer in the ratings, but it did have a loyal following. However, that following was not enough to keep it afloat and the station was in constant financial trouble.
In 1968, George Webber began selling KWDM on contract to The SEQ Corporation. On April 10, 1969, the owner of the tower and transmitter site shut down the station due to non-payment of rent. A month later, Webber regained control of the station, operating it at reduced hours until it shut down.
Current ownership.
In 1976, the West Des Moines Community School District took control of the KWDM call letters on 88.9 FM. The school district has control of the station to this day.
In 1994, KWDM's frequency was migrated from 88.9 FM to 88.7 FM and its power increased from 10 watts ERP to 100 watts. The station is one of two high school radio station in Iowa, the other being KDPS operated by Des Moines Public Schools.
Programming.
KWDM's student staff dictate what format the station will play. Students have the option to change the format at the beginning of any school year. In the late 1970s and through much of the 1980s, the station played a free-form format where the on-air jock played the music of their choice. In the early 1990s, the station was a strictly classic rock format. In 1993, the station began playing the popular Alternative or Modern Rock format. In 1999, KWDM began to experiment a switch to CHR/Top 40 music. The move was abandoned after Clear Channel owned KKDM switched from Alternative to Top 40 and re-branded itself as "Kiss 107FM." The station continues to play the Modern Rock format today.
Student management.
One of KWDM's hallmarks is its student management. While a faculty advisor oversees operations and is responsible for regulatory and engineering issues, students are predominantly responsible for the station's programming and music selection. One student (In most cases) is selected each year through a competitive application process to serve as station manager.
Current Shows and Information.
Current broadcasts expected to change due to seniors leaving.
The Morning Show: News, Weather, Traffic and a great way to start any morning on the way to work or school.
The Mankle in the Morning Show: Daily sit down with the station manager Taylor Mankle full of interactive fan requests and music.
The Spread: A Variety Show of sorts as prominent voices of the point shine through in a more musical light as improve song are made on the spot along with covers for the enjoyment of listeners. Lead by Taylor Mankle, along with Jacob White, Henry Parizek, and Nick Cesario.
Tiger Talk: A group discussion before every Valley Football game with guest callers, predictions, stats and much more. Lead by Jack Rodgers, Jeff Goetz, Jake Goetz, Logan Bylie, and Ben Swanson.
Football Games: Most VHS football games are broadcast live on air with play-by-play announcer Taylor Mankle and color announcers Nick Cesario and Ben Swanson.
Basketball Games: All VHS basketball home games are broadcast live by play-by-play announcer Taylor Mankle.
Half Time Show: If booked, local bands perform live in the studio for both football and basketball half time shows.

</doc>
<doc id="5890375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890375" title="Mill Creek, Philadelphia">
Mill Creek, Philadelphia

Mill Creek is a neighborhood in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It sits between 44th and 52nd Streets north of Market Street and south of Girard Avenue. It is named for the eponymous creek which was buried in a pipe in the 19th century. 
In 1961, the sewer collapsed, taking homes with it.
The neighborhood was formerly home to Mill Creek Apartments, a public housing project designed by Louis Kahn in the early 1950s. Its three 17-story highrise project towers were demolished in 2002 and replaced with suburban-style low-rise houses, a development named Lucien Blackwell Homes after the congressman.
Mill Creek was the site of the 2000 "Lex Street Massacre," in which four men killed seven others and wounded three in retaliation for damage to a car, Philadelphia's worst killing spree in modern history.
The Rudolph Blankenburg School and Institute of the Pennsylvania Hospital are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="5890376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890376" title="Du er fuld af løgn">
Du er fuld af løgn

"Du er fuld af løgn" ("You're full of lies") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, performed in Danish by Lise Haavik.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night, following Sweden's Monica Törnell & Lasse Holm with "E' de' det här du kallar kärlek?" and preceding Finland's Kari Kuivalainen with "Never The End". At the close of voting, it had received 77 points, placing 6th in a field of 20.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman telling a male friend that she knows that he is as attracted to her as she is to him. She dismisses his claim that they are "just friends" as being untrue and asks for "four days" with him - before saying that she will change his mind in 24 hours.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1987 contest by Anne-Cathrine Herdorf & Bandjo with "En lille melodi".

</doc>
<doc id="5890392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890392" title="Joshamee Gibbs">
Joshamee Gibbs

Joshamee Gibbs (often referred to as Mr. Gibbs, Master Gibbs, or simply Gibbs) is a fictional main character in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" film series. He is portrayed by Kevin McNally and voiced by Steven Jay Blum in video game adaptations (except for the and Disney Infinity, in which McNally reprised his role).
Character overview.
Gibbs is a generally knowledgeable person, and right-hand man to Jack Sparrow, often providing the movie's cast, as well as the audience, with background information. He is deeply superstitious and makes frequent references to various causes of "bad luck" (e.g. having women on the ship or waking a sleeping man). He is also very fond of his rum, which he drinks from a leather flask. The flask is a running gag, used as cannon ammunition in the first film and bait for a Pelogosto booby trap in the second. In the third movie, Gibbs is seen pouring rum into the plate with the Pieces of Eight so they can ignite it.
He takes a moment of silence for anyone who gets left behind (especially Jack), but gets over it quickly enough. Gibbs is probably the only character who knows Jack Sparrow's history, and has a great friendship with him, being the first one to agree to rescue him from the Locker. He and Jack also share a handshake, and would say, in the first and third film, "Take what you can - Give nothing back!" Writer Terry Rossio has said he actually considers Gibbs to be the most virtuous character in the series.
Films.
"The Curse of the Black Pearl".
Gibbs is first seen as a Royal Navy warrant officer (probably the boatswain) aboard the vessel carrying Governor Weatherby Swann and his young daughter Elizabeth from England to Port Royal in the Caribbean. Gibbs is highly superstitious and fearful of the mere mention of pirates. When they come across a wrecked vessel (from which young Will Turner is rescued), Gibbs is the first to suggest it was attacked by pirates. He was likely correct, as Elizabeth witnessed the "Black Pearl" leaving the scene.
Sometime over the next eight years, Gibbs either leaves or is expelled from the Royal Navy. It is implied that, like James Norrington, he may have been disgraced chasing pirates, eventually becoming one. It's also possible he was press-ganged into the Royal Navy, as piracy offered greater freedom at the time. When Ex-Commodore Norrington applies to sign aboard the "Black Pearl" in "Dead Man's Chest," he tells Gibbs his life is just like Gibbs's own, only "one chapter behind." Gibbs may also have been dismissed from the navy for his drinking, as he is often seen swigging rum from a flask. Despite his initial dread of pirates, he became good friends with one: the "Black Pearl's" former captain, Jack Sparrow. Jack's history is well-known to Gibbs, including his quest to regain the "Pearl" and seek revenge on his mutinous first mate, Hector Barbossa. He is also familiar with the curse that has afflicted the "Black Pearl's" crew and how to break it. He hasn't grown any less superstitious, however, and continually rambles on about what causes bad luck, such as bringing women aboard ships, as well as waking a man while he's sleeping.
Jack finds Gibbs sleeping among pigs in Tortuga after he and Will escape from Port Royal. They assemble a crew to man the stolen navy vessel "Interceptor". After Jack falls behind during a confrontation with the pirates at Isla de Muerta, Gibbs assumes command, indicating he is now Jack's (more trustworthy) first mate.
Unfortunately, the "Pearl" quickly caught the "Interceptor" and following a sea battle, the "Interceptor" was destroyed. Gibbs and the rest of the crew (along with Will and Elizabeth) were captured.
Back on Isla de Muerta, Elizabeth freed Gibbs and the crew from the "Pearl"'s brig, and they took control of the ship. Although Elizabeth tried to convince Gibbs and the others to save Jack and Will, who were fighting Barbossa on the island, they set sail with the "Pearl", telling Elizabeth that Jack owed them a ship. However, they later rescue Jack after he escapes the hangman's noose (with Will's assistance) in Port Royal. With Jack back in command of the "Black Pearl", Gibbs stays on as second in command.
"Dead Man's Chest".
Gibbs is still serving under Jack aboard the "Black Pearl." In the beginning, he sings Dead Man's Chest, until Jack comes back with a drawing of the key to the Dead Man's Chest. Jack at first acts like he wants the crew to help him find the key and the chest, but when Mr. Gibbs asks if the chest and key is what they are looking for, Jack always answers something like "No" or "You are not making any sense at all". Afterwards, Gibbs, Jack, and the crew are captured by a cannibalistic native tribe after they beach the "Black Pearl" on the mysterious island of Pelegosto. Later, Jack becomes chief of the Pelegostos, before Gibbs describes to the crew that Jack's duties as chief are to stay alive and avoid being eaten by the Cannibals, who think he is a god. But some time later, they narrowly escape, following Will Turner's arrival while searching for Jack. He still seems superstitious by nature, as shown when Jack reveals the Black Spot to Tia Dalma. Upon seeing the spot, Gibbs gasps in shock and, in a panic, performs a superstitious ritual, where he pats his chest three times, spins in a circle, and spits. Pintel and Ragetti copy him. However, Gibbs seems less superstitious than before. At the movie's beginning, Gibbs sings the shanty, Dead Man's Chest aboard the "Black Pearl" before Jack arrives in a floating coffin. The song could be a prelude for the movie. 
Gibbs accompanies Jack on his quest to find the "Dead Man's Chest", containing the heart of Davy Jones, after Jack learns that Jones intends to collect a blood debt Jack owes him. When Jack goes ashore on Isla Cruces, he leaves Gibbs, Marty, Cotton, and the rest of the crew on the "Pearl", which, according to the writers, is so they will be spared should the Kraken or Davy Jones attack. Instead, he takes the most dispensable crew members (Norrington, Pintel, Ragetti, and Elizabeth).
Gibbs is also among the few survivors after the "Pearl" is destroyed by Davy Jones' monstrous beast, the Kraken, an attack in which Jack is sacrificed by Elizabeth, so the Kraken would not pursue the others if he tried to flee with them; thus Jack and the "Black Pearl" are sent to Davy Jones' Locker. Will, Elizabeth, Pintel, Ragetti, Marty, and Cotton (with his parrot) are the only survivors. When they return to Tia Dalma for help, she asks if they would be willing to do anything to save Jack and the "Pearl". Gibbs is the first to accept the challenge.
"At World's End".
Gibbs, along with Cotton, Marty, Pintel and Ragetti, assist Captain Hector Barbossa as they make their way to World's End to rescue Jack Sparrow. When Jack originally wanted to leave some people behind in Davy Jones's Locker, Gibbs was one of the only people Jack wanted to take back to the world of the living. He is one of the very few sailors to put up his hand when Jack asks if any one came to save him just because they missed him, indicating a strong friendship between him and Jack. Jack also lets Gibbs throw his hat - as long as he gets it back.
In the closing scene of the film, Gibbs gets slapped by Jack Sparrow after Jack gets slapped by both Scarlett and Giselle. This is because Gibbs passed out drunk and let Barbossa steal the "Black Pearl". Evidently he sleeps with a Teddy bear made of burlap. Despite falling asleep and causing the Pearl to be stolen he and Jack share a smile, and their toast from the first film, and part as friends. He then stays behind in Tortuga with Scarlett and Giselle and tells them the story about Jack Sparrow which is what he told Will Turner in "Curse of the Black Pearl" while Jack tries to find the Fountain of Youth.
As part of a running gag within the film, during the Brethren Court scene, Pintel notices that the Nine-Pieces-of-Eight are in fact "just pieces of junk." Gibbs then explains that when the original court decided to imprison Calypso, they were all flat broke. When Pintel then suggests changing the name, Gibbs sarcastically retorts "What? To the nine-pieces-of-whatever-we-happen-to-have-in-our-pockets-at-the-time" and says it sounded ""very" piratey", referencing the lack of pirate creativity or actual wealth.
"On Stranger Tides".
Ending up in London, Gibbs is arrested and wrongly accused of being Jack Sparrow. The real Jack Sparrow, posing as a judge, comes to his friend's aid and gives him a life sentence instead of the expected death penalty, so to get answers about another impostor posing as Jack to gather a crew. After being arrested by the royal guard and sent to prison, Gibbs manages to steal Jack's map and memorize it. That night, after Jack Sparrow escapes the palace, Gibbs hears the news and is sentenced to hang anyway. He is surprised to see that his captain's old enemy, Barbossa, is now a privateer, in the service of the King. Barbossa tries using interrogation to get Gibbs to tell him about Jack's plans. Gibbs offers to lead Barbossa in search of the Fountain of Youth. Barbossa refuses, unless Gibbs offers something in return, and threatens him with hanging if he doesn't give them any clues to Jack, all the while knowing that Gibbs has the map. Gibbs takes out the map, but worries for his life, and remembering how traitorous Barbossa is, he burns it so that Barbossa would have no choice but to take him along to search for the Fountain, revealing that he memorized the map's various routes while in prison. Eventually reunited with Jack, Gibbs uses his captain's compass during the climactic battle to find the "Queen Anne's Revenge" and get the bottled "Black Pearl", stealing the rest of Blackbeard's trophies of war and treasure in the process. He then reunites with Jack after the battle, and he and Sparrow go looking for a way to restore the "Pearl" to her original size.
"Dead Men Tell No Tales".
Gibbs will return alongside Jack Sparrow and Barbossa in the fifth installment. Gibbs will be portrayed (once again) by Kevin R. McNally

</doc>
<doc id="5890405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890405" title="Super Invader (video game)">
Super Invader (video game)

Super Invader is a 1979 shoot 'em up game, written by M. Hata for the Apple II family of computers and published by California Pacific Computer Company. "Super Invader" is an unofficial home computer version of the "Space Invaders" arcade game and was voted the most popular program of 1978-1980 in a "Softalk" readers poll. By June 1982, the game had sold 20,000 copies, making it one of the best-selling PC video games at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="5890409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890409" title="Strube">
Strube

Strube is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5890424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890424" title="Where Are They Now (TV series)">
Where Are They Now (TV series)

Where Are They Now? is a television show that airs on Australia's Seven Network. It is hosted by Melissa Doyle and David Koch, the main presenters of Seven's breakfast television program "Sunrise".
Premise.
The program looks back at particular periods in recent history with a specific slant towards major events and popular culture, with a focus on Australian life at the time. Along with edited segments, each show features studio interviews with noted figures and celebrities who have seemingly ended their 15 minutes of fame and gone into obscurity, leading the presenters to ask them the question, "where are they now?". Cast reunions (such as bringing together the original Fletcher family from the soap opera "Home and Away") are also common segments on the show.
History.
A revival of a previous show of the same name hosted by Peter Luck in 1997, the revamped "Where Are They Now?" debuted on Sunday night at 6:30pm in February 2006 to high ratings. The show went on hiatus from June to early August 2006 to make way for the celebrity singing competition "It Takes Two", but returned to the same time slot after the finale of that series. Numerous episodes revisited guests and stories previously featured on Peter Luck's 1997 version.
"Where Are They Now?" returned for a second series in May 2007, and a one-off episode aired on 16 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5890433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890433" title="Amy Carlson">
Amy Carlson

Amy Lynn Carlson (born July 7, 1968) is an American television actress, best known for her roles as Josie Watts in the NBC daytime soap opera "Another World", as Alex Taylor on the NBC drama "Third Watch", and as Linda Reagan in the CBS police procedural "Blue Bloods".
Life and career.
Carlson was born in Glen Ellyn, Illinois. When Carlson was 13, her family (consisting of her parents, herself, and three siblings) moved to Amman, Jordan, for one year, where her parents had been hired to teach at the American Community School. After returning to the United States, Carlson attended Knox College in Galesburg, Illinois. While in college, Carlson was active in the school’s theatre department, appearing in "Fifth of July", "Noises Off", "A Lie of the Mind", and "School for Scandal". Carlson graduated "cum laude".
Carlson has made her soap debut in 1993, on "Another World" as Josie Watts. She was nominated an Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 1998 for this role and later left from show. She guest-starred in number of primetime shows and in 2000 has won series regular role on NBC series "Third Watch". She starred in show from 2000 to 2003 and later had leading roles in short-lived dramas "Peacemakers" and "". In 2010, Carlson began starring as Linda Reagan on "Blue Bloods".
Carlson currently resides in Chinatown in Manhattan with her daughter, born in 2006, her son, born in August 2009 and her husband, Syd Butler, bass guitar player of Les Savy Fav and owner of the independent label Frenchkiss Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5890437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890437" title="En lille melodi">
En lille melodi

"En lille melodi" ("A little tune") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, performed in Danish by Anne-Cathrine Herdorf & Bandjo.
The song was performed nineteenth on the night, following Finland's Vicki Rosti & Boulevard with "Sata salamaa" and preceding Ireland's Johnny Logan with "Hold Me Now". At the close of voting, it had received 83 points, placing 5th in a field of 22.
The song is a plea for unity, with Herdorf exhorting everyone to sing this "little tune" as one.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1988 Contest by Kirsten & Søren with "Ka' du se hva' jeg sa'?".

</doc>
<doc id="5890449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890449" title="Tracy Bartram">
Tracy Bartram

Tracy Bartram (born 17 June, London, UK) is an Australian comedian, radio personality and singer. Although born in the UK, she grew up and resides in Melbourne, Australia.
She began performing stand-up comedy in 1989 while working in sales and marketing. Her first gig was a ten-minute stand-up comedy stint at the Hilton Hotel.
Career.
Radio.
In 1994 Bartram joined Perth station 94.5FM and worked as a double act with Fred Botica. After three years she moved back to her home town of Melbourne's Fox FM and co-hosted the breakfast programme with Matt Tilley. It held the number one FM breakfast show ratings for six years.
During her time at Fox FM she interviewed many high profile celebrities on her own national Hour of Power show. Favourites included Susan Sarandon, Kristin Davis, Anastacia, Ronan Keating, Matt Damon, Jodie Foster, Geoffrey Rush and Bob Geldof. After a two-year break from radio (2003–2005) she joined the MIX 101.1 FM team in March 2006 with the "Tracy and Tim for Breakfast" show (with Tim Smith). Bartram and Smith finished at Mix 1011 at the end of November 2007.
From 2008 to 2010, Bartram was a regular fill in presenter for the Red Symons breakfast show on 774 ABC Melbourne.
Television.
Bartram also has a considerable television profile. First spotted in 1993 by producers of Perth's daytime TV show, "Jenny Seaton Live" and "Mad About Movies", she was given regular comic reporting spots on those shows. She was also a regular panellist on "Beauty and the Beast", and occasionally on others such as "Good Morning Australia" "Rove Live", and "Mornings with Kerri-Anne".
Live shows.
Tracy Bartram began her stand up comedy career in 1989 at a try out night at the Hilton Hotel in Melbourne, after a successful career in sales and marketing.
Bartram writes and produces her own shows. In 1990 she launched ""My Life Through the Eyes of a 60's Child"", followed in 1992 by ""Lipstick on the Wattle"" and in 1993 by ""Tracy Bartram After Dark"". Other shows that she's written include ""Six Foot Silly and Sexy"" 1994 (Adelaide, Melbourne & Perth), ""Six Foot Silly and Six Months Pregnant"" 1994 (Edinburgh Fringe), ""Discovering My Roots"" 1998, a musical performance backed by a seven piece band, ""Rawhide"" 2001, ""Tracy Bartram Live"" 2003.
""Tracy Bartram Live"" was recorded and released as a CD through Shock Records in 2004.
She is a comedian, author, singer, radio broadcaster, keynote speaker, MC and activist. In 2003 after leaving Fox FM, she played in ""Minefields and Miniskirts"", wrote her show, ""Illegally Blonde"", which premiered at the 2004 Melbourne International Comedy Festival and then went to Edinburgh in 2004. ""Illegally Blonde"" toured regional Victoria Regional Victoria in June 2006.
Bartram has a keen interest in music and was MC for Melbourne Jazz Festival Opening Ceremony and the Jazz Awards from 2003– 2010.
In 2008 she performed in "Mums The Word 2 – Teenagers" in its Sydney and Perth seasons.
In 2009, she formed her own band, The Tracy Bartram Band. She works with jazz musicians because comedy and jazz are both improvised. She interprets classic pop songs into cool jazz tunes. Her band consists of piano, drums, guitar & vocals.
Personal life.
Bartram runs a business named Serious Laughter – the mission of which is to change people's lives through laughter. She is also a campaigner for animal, women's, children's and GLBTI rights – she works actively for her causes & for four years she created and organised the successful "Celebrity Garage Sale".
She is patron of Entertainment Assist, Womens Circus, The Magdalene Foundation and, is an active supporter of The Victorian Women's Trust and Choose Cruelty Free, an organsisation which educates on the benefits of using non-animal tested cosmetics and household goods.
Together with her business partner Rosemary McCallum she runs workshops on self care, integrity and metaphysics under the banner Serious Abundance Seminars.
She is a professional and specialist corporate Master of Ceremonies.
She is also a Media Trainer and works with corporations and senior management on authentic presentation from the podium.
She is passionate about helping others with her knowledge on recovery from addiction, from a personal perspective.
Bartram is the mother of one son.

</doc>
<doc id="5890466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890466" title="Double Happiness (film)">
Double Happiness (film)

Double Happiness () is a 1994 film by Canadian director Mina Shum, co-produced by First Generations Films and the National Film Board of Canada.
The film stars Sandra Oh as Jade Li, an artist struggling to assert her independence from the expectations of her Chinese Canadian family. Callum Keith Rennie also stars as Mark, Jade's love interest.
Oh won the Genie Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role for this film.
Plot.
Jade Li (Sandra Oh) is a feisty, 22 year old Chinese-Canadian aspiring actress who lives at home with her traditional Chinese family: her strict father (Stephen Chang), her dutiful mother (Alannah Ong), and her sweet younger sister, Pearl (Frances You). Their older brother, Winston, has been disowned—a fate Jade is not eager to share, both for her own sake and to spare her family pain.
Her family tries to put on the perfect public persona at all costs so as to maintain their dignity as well as uphold their traditional Chinese values. One primary part of this persona is prosperity. Jade's father hopes that true financial prosperity will become reality through penny stocks. Jade, meanwhile, tries to achieve that happy medium between giving in to her parent's wishes and fulfilling her own needs and desires - double happiness. Therefore, although she manages to land a few bit parts on camera, Jade spends most of her time working in the shop owned by a family friend, performing the duties of a respectful daughter and suffering through arranged dates with prosperous young Chinese men. An adept cultural chameleon, though, she also leads a double life, hanging out with best friend Lisa (Claudette Carracedo).
When her father's childhood friend arrives for a visit, however, Jade must juggle her competing identities even more carefully than usual, lest her choice of professions—and boyfriends—shame her father. Because of its instability, Jade's parents don't understand or widely publicize Jade's aspirations to be an actress. Their main want for Jade is to date and marry a nice Chinese boy, a goal for which Jade's extended family also strives as they are always trying to introduce her to Chinese boys. Initially, they believe that "the" boy is Andrew, with who Jade even agrees to go out. But Jade, beyond wanting to be an actress, wishes her family had more western sensibilities. She is attracted to a slightly awkward but persistent Caucasian English graduate student named Mark. Jade has to figure out how to both please her family, who would not approve of her dating a Caucasian, and be true to herself. Her older brother is already out of the picture for that very reason. Naturally, something's got to give sooner or later and the facade of the perfect Chinese daughter soon begins to slip.

</doc>
<doc id="5890489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890489" title="Camera Buff">
Camera Buff

Camera Buff (, meaning "amateur") is a 1979 Polish drama film written and directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Jerzy Stuhr. The film is about a humble factory worker whose newfound hobby, amateur film, becomes an obsession, and transforms his modest and formerly contented life. "Camera Buff" won the Polish Film Festival Golden Lion Award and the FIPRESCI Prize and Golden Prize at the 11th Moscow International Film Festival, and the Berlin International Film Festival Otto Dibelius Film Award in 1980.
Plot.
The film is set in the late 1970s in Wielice, People's Republic of Poland. Factory worker Filip Mosz (Jerzy Stuhr) is a nervous new father and a doting husband when he begins filming his daughter's first days with a newly acquired 8mm movie camera. He believes, as he tells his wife, that he now has everything he ever wanted since his youth as an orphan, but when the local Communist Party boss asks him to film an upcoming jubilee celebration of his plant, his fascination with the possibilities of film begins to transform his life. 
When they see his edited short film of the conference/celebration, his superiors find his shot of a pigeon useless and his shots of several negotiators at a business meeting too probing. His boss suggests that Filip cut the shots of the entertainers being paid, the men going to the bathroom, and the business meeting. (He allows Filip to keep the pigeons as long as the entertainers being paid is taken out.) He submits the film to a festival and gains third prize, effectively second prize because the festival did not award a first prize, feeling that no work was deserving. This includes Filip's work; however, he is given an award as an incentive to keep filming.
His responsibilities to his wife and daughter slip off his radar as his gaze fixes on Anna Wlodarczyk (a young, self-described "amatorka" who encourages Filip's filmmaking), various activities he films, and the world of cinephiles.
The Kraków TV station airs Filip's film about a little person ("cripple" or "dwarf" in the English subtitles) who works at the factory and another one about the misallocated town renovation funds. Filip's boss gives him a talking: work on the new nursery school will have to stop because of his expose, and Stasio will lose his job.
After that, Filip gets the canister for his as-yet undeveloped new film about the brickyard, opens it and tosses the film out to be exposed to the light. Alone at home, his wife has left with their daughter, Filip turns his now 16mm camera on himself.
Analysis.
"Camera Buff" explores censorship in Communist Poland and its repression of the individual's expression of his observations. Filip also confronts the consequences of a man who discovers new possibilities and finds his former world, which had been so fulfilling before he'd discovered filmmaking, rendered dull, old, and limited. 
Krzysztof Kieślowski emphasizes the power of film through various scenes in "Camera Buff". Filip's moviemaking allows his grieving friend to watch a short clip of his late mother waving from a window and of himself cheerfully driving a hearse and waving to the camera. When he films the story of a diminutive factory worker and then shows him the result, the worker is overcome with emotion by Filip's ability to give voice and an arc to an otherwise unexemplary life. Filip finds that with its ability to create comes film's ability to destroy when he tries to air a film clip of his which aims to quietly expose Party corruption. The clip turns out to be misinformed and results in the dismissal of one of his supporters from his job, an unfortunate consequence of his uninformed reporting, the Party's secrecy, and Communist Poland's culture of censorship.
The film ends with Filip turning the camera on himself, realizing too late that all along he should have reflected on the consequences of his camera obsession on himself, his life, and his family.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Camera Buff" received mixed reviews. In his review in "The New York Times", Vincent Canby argued that much of the film "means to be uproariously emotional, but the events we see seldom justify all the overwrought reactions. Mr. Kieślowski also appears to suggest that art—in this case movie making—must be a process by which the artist consumes the raw materials of his experience and then spits them out as finished art, leaving the people around him in the state of gnawed beef bones. This is a vast oversimplification of the creative process and is probably only applicable, really, to the second-rater." Canby noted that the film was "exuberantly acted by a good cast headed by Mr. Stuhr."
Polish director Krzysztof Zanussi (Director of the Lodz Film School when Kieslowski was his Deputy Director) explains that there was a period before the success of "Camera Buff" outside Poland when Kieślowski's work was considered inappropriate to travel internationally. Zanussi argues that Kieślowski's work always had universal appeal, and that the praise or scorn seemed, to him, to be arbitrary. For example, after Kieślowski gained notoreity for films he made in the West—"The Double Life of Veronique" and the "Three Colors Trilogy"—his earlier films that had been largely damned by western reviewers and critics were suddenly praised as a collective body.

</doc>
<doc id="5890490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890490" title="Forever Love (X Japan song)">
Forever Love (X Japan song)

"Forever Love" is a single released by X Japan on July 8, 1996. 
Summary.
The song was written and composed by Yoshiki. An acoustic version appears on their album "Dahlia". 
The single has been reissued several times. On December 18, 1997, following the announcement of the band's breakup, a different mixed version was released with a live version of "Longing" (recorded at "The Last Live" concert) as a B-side. The original single was reissued again on July 22, 1998, after the death of guitarist hide. A single containing all previous versions (except original karaoke version), as well as a live recording (also recorded at "The Last Live" concert) of the song was released on July 11, 2001.
Also in 2001, the song was used as background music in several commercials for the Japanese Liberal Democratic Party. LDP member Junichiro Koizumi, at that time the country's Prime Minister has expressed fondness for X Japan's music. "Forever Love" appears on the soundtrack of the 1996 animated feature film "X". Inzargi, vocalist of Megamasso, covered "Forever Love" for his 2012 cover album. Awoi covered it for the compilation album "Counteraction - V-Rock covered Visual Anime songs Compilation-", which was released on May 23, 2012 and features covers of songs by visual kei bands that were used in anime.
Commercial performance.
The single reached number 1 on the Oricon charts, and charted for 15 weeks. In 1996, with 509,920 copies sold was the 47th best-selling single of the year, being certified Platinum by RIAJ. The edition released in 1997 reached number 13, and charted for 11 weeks, while those in 1998 and 2001 reached number 18 and 19 respectively, and both charted for 4 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="5890499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890499" title="Finding Serenity">
Finding Serenity

"Finding Serenity: Anti-heroes, Lost Shepherds and Space Hookers in Joss Whedon's Firefly" is a compilation of essays edited by Jane Espenson with Glenn Yeffeth. The book was released in late 2004 following the cancellation of the television show "Firefly". Jane Espenson was a writer for the show and the book contains a series of essays that discuss the show from a variety of viewpoints, some scholarly, others with a comedic note.
As well as answering unresolved plotlines and character arcs, the compilation includes insight into the filming of each episode with actress Jewel Staite (who played the role of Kaylee Frye on the show) providing a commentary on each of the episodes produced. Due to "Fireflys early demise it left viewers with unanswered questions and a certain sense of loss. The essays attempt to resolve the unanswered questions brought up in the show, ranging from the origin of the Reavers, the multi-racial casting, and the use of the Chinese language. Some essays are existentialist, seeking to define what freedom meant for each member of the crew, a theme that Joss Whedon seemed to be exploring. Others focus on the changing nature of sexual relationships in Whedon's vision of the future.
It was followed by "Serenity Found: More Unauthorized Essays on Joss Whedon's Firefly Universe" in November 2007 by the same editor, including contributions by actor Nathan Fillion (Malcolm Reynolds in the series) and science-fiction author Orson Scott Card.

</doc>
<doc id="5890504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890504" title="Duke Slater">
Duke Slater

Frederick Wayman "Duke" Slater (December 9, 1898 – August 14, 1966) was an American football player and one of the great black players of his era. Slater played for the University of Iowa in college and played professionally for ten years. He is enshrined in the College Football Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Background.
Fred Slater was born in Illinois in 1898, the son of George Slater, a Methodist minister. Fred Slater had four sisters and a brother, and their mother died when Slater was 11 years old; Fred's father remarried two years later. As a boy, Fred Slater somehow picked up the name of the family dog, Duke, as a personal nickname. When Duke Slater was 13 years old, the family moved after George Slater became pastor of the Methodist church in Clinton, Iowa.
George Slater forbade Duke to go out for football at Clinton High School because he didn't want Duke injured in the rough sport. Duke did anyway, but his dad discovered it when he saw his wife sewing up the rips in the ragged uniform that had been issued to Duke. Brokenhearted, Duke went on a hunger strike for several days. Finally, his father acquiesced on the condition that Duke must be careful to avoid injury. As a result, Duke was always careful to never complain or let anyone see his injuries. George Slater would eventually become one of Duke's biggest fans.
Every player needed to provide their own shoes and helmet. Since Reverend Slater could not afford both, Duke decided he needed shoes more. He played every game at Clinton High without a helmet. Meanwhile, Duke's feet were so big, his shoes had to be special ordered from Chicago. Duke played well for Clinton High, leading them to the Iowa State Championship game in 1914. The title game against West Des Moines High School ended in a 13-13 tie. West Des Moines was led by Aubrey Devine, Slater's teammate at Iowa.
College career.
When Slater arrived at Iowa in 1918, eligibility rules had been suspended due to World War I. Therefore, Slater was able to play and letter at Iowa as a freshman. He was selected to the all-Iowa team as a freshman by the "Des Moines Register". As a sophomore in 1919, Slater was a unanimous first team All-Big Ten selection and a second team All-American.
Slater was again a unanimous first team All-Big Ten selection in 1920. In his senior year in 1921, Slater led Iowa to a perfect 7-0 record and its first Big Ten title in 21 years. Slater helped Iowa defeat Notre Dame, 10-7, to snap a 20 game winning streak for coach Knute Rockne's Irish. One of the greatest photographs in the history of Iowa football is from that game, depicting a helmetless Slater clearing a hole for teammate Gordon Locke by blocking three Notre Dame defenders.
Sportswriter Walter Eckersall said, "Slater is so powerful that one man cannot handle him and opposing elevens have found it necessary to send two men against him every time a play was sent off his side of the line." Fritz Crisler said, "Duke Slater was the best tackle I ever played against. I tried to block him throughout my college career but never once did I impede his progress to the ball carrier." Slater's Iowa teams had a combined record of 23-6-1. Duke Slater was not only named first team All-Big Ten for the third consecutive year in 1921; Slater was also a first team All-American, making him the first black All-American at Iowa.
Slater also earned three varsity letters for the Iowa track team, throwing the shot and discus.
Professional career.
After graduating from Iowa, he played ten years of professional football. Slater played two games with the Milwaukee Badgers in 1922 and had a four-year career with the Rock Island Independents. Slater played 43 games for Rock Island from 1922-1926, seeing action for all 60 minutes of every game played by the team in these years.
The American Football League, of which Rock Island was a part, folded in 1926 and the Independents were reduced to semi-professional status in the aftermath. Slater then signed a contract with the Chicago Cardinals of the National Football League, becoming one of five black players in the league.
Not only was Slater the first African-American lineman in NFL history, he was also one of the most outstanding linemen of his era. A movement began at that time among the ownership of the league to follow the racist example of professional baseball, however, and in 1927 every African-American player was out of the league, with the sole exception of Duke Slater. The color ban faced by Slater and other black players was not ironclad, however, and four other African-American players managed to draw salaries in the NFL during short careers interspersed from 1928 through 1933. Slater was once again the only black player in the league in 1929.
In 1928, he encouraged the Cardinals to sign Harold Bradley Sr., who became the second black lineman in NFL history. Slater and Bradley played alongside each other during the first two games of the 1928 season.
On November 28, 1929, Slater participated in an NFL record as a lineman in front of Ernie Nevers in a game in which he scored six rushing touchdowns in a 40-6 victory over the Chicago Bears. Slater played all 60 minutes of the contest, alternating between the offensive and defensive lines as well as participating on special teams.
By the time of his retirement in 1931, Slater had achieved All-Pro status a total of six times. During his NFL career Slater never missed a game because of injury, starting in a total of 96 of the 99 games he played between the AFL and NFL.
Coaching career.
In 1934 the NFL again tightened its color ban prohibiting the participation of black players. Although by this time out retired as a player, Slater was instrumental in the movement to assemble all-star teams of African-American players. Slater served as head coach of the Chicago Negro All-Stars in 1933, losing both of the known contests played by the team by a combined score of 37-0.
Slater returned to coaching black semi-professional teams later in the decade, heading the Chicago Brown Bombers in 1937, the Chicago Comets in 1939, and the Chicago Panthers in 1940, amassing a career semi-pro coaching record of 10-9-1 for games with known results. Slater was also assistant coach for a 1938 exhibition of the Chicago Negro All-Stars against the Chicago Bears, a game won by the Bears by a score of 51-0.
Years after football.
He had gone back to Iowa in the off-seasons and earned his law degree in 1928. Slater practiced law while playing his final few years of professional football. After termination of his football career, he moved to Chicago and became an assistant district attorney. In 1948, Slater became the second African-American elected as a judge in Chicago when he won election to the city's Municipal Court. In 1960 Slater became the first black member of the Chicago Superior Court, then the highest court in the city. He moved to the Circuit Court of Cook County in 1964, following that institution's formation.
Duke Slater continued to play a prominent role with the Hawkeye football team after retirement. He attended numerous Iowa games, often accompanied by Ozzie Simmons. Slater, the hero of Iowa's 1921 upset of Notre Dame, watched with tears in his eyes from the sidelines as Nile Kinnick crashed across the goal line for Iowa's only score in a 7–6 upset of Notre Dame in 1939. He was also on the field and in the locker room to congratulate Alex Karras and the rest of the Iowa team after they defeated Ohio State to clinch the Big Ten title in 1956.
Slater died at age 67 of stomach cancer; he had no children.
Honors.
Slater was one of just five football players inducted into the Iowa Sports Hall of Fame in the Hall's inaugural year in 1951, joining Nile Kinnick, Aubrey Devine, Jay Berwanger, and Elmer Layden.
Duke Slater is one of two Iowa players who was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in its inaugural year of 1951 (Nile Kinnick was the other). In the 1960s, before Iowa Stadium had been renamed after Nile Kinnick, some suggested that Iowa should name the stadium after Slater. Instead, the University of Iowa named a residence hall after Duke. Slater Hall in Iowa City bears Duke's name; it is the only residence hall at Iowa named after a former athlete.
Slater was a finalist for election to the Professional Football Hall of Fame in 1970 and 1971, but he failed to gain sufficient votes for election and his candidacy fell by the wayside as the generation who remembered him as a player grew old and died.
In 1989, Iowa fans selected an all-time University of Iowa football team during the 100th anniversary celebration of Iowa football, and Duke Slater was selected as an offensive tackle. Duke Slater is also a member of the National Intercollegiate All-American Football Players Honor Roll of The Pigskin Club of Washington, D.C..

</doc>
<doc id="5890510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890510" title="Montana Wines">
Montana Wines

Montana Wines is New Zealand's largest wine company, owning vineyards in Gisborne, Hawkes Bay, Marlborough, and Waipara.
History.
Montana was founded by a Croatian immigrant, Ivan Yukich ( Jukić ), who planted his first vines in 1934 in the Waitakere Ranges west of Auckland. The first wine was sold in 1944, and by 1960, 10 hectares were planted. Ivan's sons, Mate and Frank, had become involved, and they set up the company Montana Wines in 1961. By the end of the 1960s, the company had expanded further, planting land south of Auckland.
In 1973, the company expanded into Gisborne and Marlborough. Montana exported its first wines in 1980.
Corporate history.
Montana was listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange, initially as 'Corporate Investments Limited', and then as Montana Wines. Montana successfully purchased Corbans Wines in November 2002, New Zealand's second largest producer. Montana was then itself bought out by Allied Domecq in 2001, after trumping Lion Nathan's takeover offer. Allied Domecq was then subsequently bought by Pernod-Ricard in 2005, and Montana now operates under the name Pernod Ricard NZ Ltd.
Wineries.
Montana has five wineries spread around the country.
Brancott Winery.
Located on State Highway 1, just south of Blenheim, the Brancott winery predominantly produces Sauvignon blanc, and makes wine from Waipara and Marlborough regions. Many of the grapes for Montana's sparkling wines are pressed here, but secondary fermentation is carried out at the Tamaki Winery. It was opened in 1977.
Church Road Winery.
Founded in 1897, the Church Road Winery is one of the three oldest in the Hawkes Bay. The first commercial Cabernet Sauvignon in New Zealand was produced here in 1949 by Tom McDonald. The Church Road facility was purchased by Montana in 1988. It continues as a relatively boutique operation compared to the other wineries, mainly contributing to the Church Road brands.
Corbans Winery.
The Corbans winery was established by McWilliams Wines in 1981, changing hands to Cooks in 1984, Corbans in 1987, and Montana in 2000. It is a more commercial scale facility than Church Road and contributes to Longridge, Corbans, Verde, Huntaway and Robard & Butler brands.
Montana Gisborne Winery.
Montana Gisborne Winery has the largest wine-making capacity in the country. Montana's original facility was acquired in 1973, from the business established by Fredrich Wohnsiedler (whose name lives on in a Montana product line). Two further adjacent facilities have been incorporated, from Penfolds NZ in 1986 and Corbans in 2000.
Tamaki Winery.
All Montana wines are bottled at the Tamaki Winery in Auckland, opened in 1975. This also means that all sparkling wines undergo secondary fermentation (in the bottle) in Auckland.
Key Brands.
Montana operates a large number of different brands. Ranked approximately in order of prestige
Church Road.
The Tom McDonald Winery on Church Road which is now Church Road Winery, represents a flagship brand, although not obviously associated with Montana. It is located in Taradale near Napier, and produces Cabernet blends, Chardonnay, and Sauvignon blanc. Church Road sub-labels are:
Montana.
Montana has several levels under the label Montana. The most prestigious 'estate' label consists of a single vineyard wine deemed to come from the premium growing area for that variety, labelled by the first letter of that vineyard.
Deutz.
From 1988, Montana's premium sparkling wine brand has been a collaboration with Champagne Deutz of France.
Lindauer.
A standalone brand for sparkling wine. Lindauer has won recognition internationally, and is New Zealand's most exported wine.

</doc>
<doc id="5890527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890527" title="Struble">
Struble

Struble may refer to:
Struble is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="5890536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890536" title="Mechanicsburg Area Senior High School">
Mechanicsburg Area Senior High School

Mechanicsburg Area Senior High is a secondary school located on 500 South Broad Street in the borough of Mechanicsburg, west of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The school is part of the Mechanicsburg Area School District.
Communities.
Mechanicsburg Area Senior High (MASH), which accepts students ranging from Grade 9-12, serves several communities, including the Boroughs of Mechanicsburg and Shiremanstown, Upper Allen Township, and the villages of Grantham and Bowmansdale.
The students begin at the Kindergarten Academy then proceed to one of the elementary schools: Elmwood, Shepherdstown (grades 1-2) / Upper Allen (grades 3-5), Northside, or Broad Street (All 1-5). They then progress to Mechanicsburg Middle School (6-8), and then Mechanicsburg High School (9-12).
School information and history.
Mechanicsburg High School was founded and held its first commencement in 1875, with one graduate.
Mechanicsburg High School has been located in three different buildings since its foundation. The Simpson Street School (now a luxury apartment complex) was completed in 1872 and was expanded upon in 1929. In 1957, the school had expanded past capacity, and a new building was built along Elmwood Avenue. The Elmwood Avenue school served as the high school for only 12 years, as the current building on 500 South Broad Street was built and completed in 1969. The Elmwood building was converted to be used as an Intermediate School, and in 2005 was renovated again to be used as an Elementary School. In the mid-1980s, a wing was added to the current building to suit capacity needs. In 2002, the current building underwent extensive renovations.
On July 6, 2010, then-Governor Ed Rendell publicly signed Pennsylvania's $28 Billion budget at Elmwood Elementary.
The Wildcat
The school's mascot was first referenced as the "Wildcat" in a 1937 edition of the school newspaper, "The Torch". Prior to this, Mechanicsburg's athletic teams were referenced as the "Steel-and-Maroon" or the "Maroon-and-Steel". No information is currently known as to why the school chose a wildcat as its mascot or the exact date when it was chosen.
Alma Mater
Mechanicsburg's alma mater, an original piece, is as follows:
"Mechanicsburg High School"
"Mechanicsburg High School,"
"You're the dearest school to me."
"Mechanicsburg High School,"
"True to you we'll always be."
"Fairest colors, maroon and steel,"
"Faith in you we'll always feel."
"Dearest school beneath the sky,"
"Mechanicsburg High!"
Academic achievement.
Rankings:
In 2014, Mechanicsburg was ranked 49th in the state of Pennsylvania (1,869th nationally) by US News & World Report and was awarded "silver medal" status. In 2013, Mechanicsburg was ranked 68th in Pennsylvania, and 2,239th nationally. 
"Rankings in the Pittsburgh Business Times", based on the last three years of student academic performance on the PSSAs for math, reading, writing, and science:
Graduation Rate:
PSSA Results:
Mechanicsburg Area Senior High's Graduation Rate and Standardized Testing (PSSA) results are provided to the public by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
College Remediation:<br>
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 33% of the Mechanicsburg Area High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual Enrollment:<br>
The high school does not offer the Pennsylvania Dual Enrollment program which permits students to earn deeply discounted college credits while still enrolled in high school. Over 400 school districts in Pennsylvania offer this state funded program. However, the high school does offer joint programs with the Cumberland-Perry Vocational-Technical School, the Capitol Area School for the Arts, and offers a career internship programs for seniors, allowing for work experience to be taken for elective course credit.
Advanced Placement:<br>
Mechanicsburg offers several Advanced Placement courses and exams to students, which can be taken for potential college credit. In the 2008-2009 school year, Mechanicsburg students took AP exams in Art: Studio Drawing, Biology, Calculus AB, Calculus BC, Chemistry, Computer Science A, English Language & Composition, English Literature & Composition, European History, French, Latin: Vergil, Music Theory, Physics B, Psychology and Spanish.
Graduation Project:<br>
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district.
Extracurriculars.
The district offers a wide variety of clubs, activities and sports.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
In April 2010, the school board chose to add 25% funding for water polo and boys lacrosse at the same time they cut five teacher positions. However, as of the 2011-2012 budget, those programs are not funded by the district and never were.
Clubs.
Mechanicsburg High School sponsors a variety of extracurricular clubs and teams focusing on academic development. As of the 2012-13 school year, the high school sponsored chapters of the National Honor Society, National Art Honor Society, National French Honor Society, National German Honor Society, National Latin Honor Society, National Spanish Honor Society, and Tri-M. Students also annually publish the "Muse" literary and arts magazine, the monthly "Torch" newspaper, and the annual "Artisan" yearbook. Students can compete with interscholastic academic teams in Quiz Bowl, Speech, Memory, and Math. In 2013, the Memory Team won the High School National Championship of the USA Memory Championship in New York City.
Mechanicsburg hosts a variety of fundraising and social awareness events throughout the school year. Lift For Life, a charity weightlifting competition is held in early March at the High School to raise money for kidney cancer research. Don Shirley, the late baseball coach at Mechanicsburg High School, died of kidney cancer and his son, Scott, thought of the competition and shared it with the fellow members of the Penn State football team. Both Mechanicsburg and the Penn State football program carry on the annual event. Mechanicsburg also sponsors a chapter of Key Club.
Music Program.
Marching band-
The Mechanicsburg High School Marching Band is a marching band who are called the Wildcats. Mechanicsburg has a rich marching band tradition going back to 1929. They began competing in the Tournament of Bands in 1989. The Marching Wildcats have won 11 Atlantic Coast Championships, including four in group 4 (largest classification of marching band by total musicians) and five in a row in Group 3 competition between 2005 and 2009. In 2005 and 2007, the Marching Wildcats scored 98.80, both records in ACC competition.
Indoor Percussion and Colorguard-
Mechanicsburg is noted for its indoor percussion ensemble, a competitor in the Winter Guard International and TIA Percussion circuit. In 2012, they won 2nd place at the WGI tournament in Dayton, Ohio with a score of 96.10. 
In 2006, they won 1st at KIDA Championships, and in 2007, they were promoted to the World class in the WGI circuit. And in 2008, the Percussion Ensemble placed 3rd in the TIA Percussion circuit at Wildwoods, New Jersey.
Mechanicsburg Indoor Guard was started in 1997 by Kristy Templin and Bart Sword. It was started with a handful of kids and has continued to grow from 1 program to 3 indoor color guard programs. The color guard program has won 13 out of the 16 years it has been in existence. 2006 Mechanicsburg Scholastic A class guard went to Dayton, Ohio for WGI (Winter Guard International) championships, coming out eighth in the world. They were subsequently moved up to Scholastic Open class. The 2007 season ended with the Open guard as semi-finalists at WGI championships. In 2008, the Mechanicsburg Scholastic Open colorguard broke top 15 at world championships, making them a WGI finalist. In 2009, the 14 girls went to South Brunswick, New Jersey and won the WGI Power Regional with a score of 87.6. When the guard competed at world championships, they placed 4th with a 93.3, missing the bronze by three tenths of a point. In 2010, the guard will be in Scholastic World, the highest class of competition. Locally, the Color Guard has dominated the Keystone Indoor Drill Association's Blue Class for years, however recently a new Platinum Class has been created for colorguards of this caliber. In 2011, Sal Salas, Joe Heininger, Kristy Templin and Jeff Kahley joined together to design the shows. The color guard placed 2nd in the Nation in Scholastic A and brought home the silver medal. As a result of their placement,the color guard was promoted to the Open Class Division. In 2012, they were a semi-finalist in the Scholastic Open Class Division.
Musical Theatre-
MASH is well known in the mid-state area for its musical theatre department, which has been under the leadership of Eric Dundore for more than two decades. Musicals performed since 1991 include:
1991 - "The Music Man"
1992 - "Bye Bye Birdie"
1993 - "Oliver!"
1994 - "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum"
1995 - "Annie"
1996 - "Oklahoma!"
1997 - "Anything Goes"
1998 - "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying"
1999 - "The Wizard of Oz"
2000 - "Guys and Dolls"
2001 - "Hello, Dolly!"
2002 - "The King and I"
2003 - "The Pirates of Penzance"
2004 - "Annie Get Your Gun"
2005 - "Les Misérables"
2006 - "Seussical"
2007 - "42nd Street"
2008 - "Thoroughly Modern Millie"
2009 - "Once Upon a Mattress"
2010 - "The Music Man"
2011 - "Children of Eden"
2012 - "Cinderella"
2013 - "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat"
Athletics.
Varsity and junior varsity athletic activities are under the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association. Currently, the district offers varsity and junior varsity opportunities in women's cheerleading, field hockey, and softball; men's baseball, football, lacrosse and wrestling; and men's and women's basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, swimming, tennis, track and field, volleyball and water polo. All athletics are paid for by the school district and do not require a "pay to play" fee, with the exceptions of men's lacrosse and men's/women's water polo, which were accepted as varsity sports in 2008 under such condition. The district athletic director is Andrea Turo Teeter '78, who took over in 1999. The current athletic trainer is Alex "Sandy" Zettlemoyer '87, who became the school's head certified athletic trainer in 1995.
Retired Numbers
Football-
The football program is currently in the Class AAAA classification of the PIAA, and are members of the Keystone Division of the Mid-Penn Conference (formerly Mid-Penn Division II and South Penn Conference). The Wildcats claim 13 conference championships, with the most recent in 2008. Six of the Wildcats' championships come after the foundation of the Mid-Penn Conference in 1982, including three of the first five in the conference's history. The overall record of the program from 1919-2011 is 543-368-49, with only Steelton-Highspire High School having more overall wins in District 3. In addition to being ranked 42nd on the Pennsylvania's all-time winners list, Mechanicsburg is the fourth-youngest program to reach its total. In 1986, under the guidance of late head coach Rich Lichtel (160-121-3, 1981–2007), Mechanicsburg won its first PIAA District 3-AAAA championship. They were also runners-up in 1983 and 2004. Since the influx of the district playoff system in 1982, the Wildcats have qualified for the District 3 playoffs in 9 times (most recently in 2012) and have an overall record of 7-8 in playoff games. The Wildcats appeared in the PIAA AAA State Tournament in 2004 and 2008. Although the Wildcats have never won a PIAA state championship since its implementation in 1988, the program can claim championships in 1924, 1936, 1941 and 1954. In 1995, Mechanicsburg fielded a female kicker, a rarity in American football. On September 21, 2007, Lichtel died after a lengthy battle with prostate cancer. Due to the timing of his hospitalization and passing, current head coach Chris Hakel, a 1986 graduate of the school, and assistant Jeff Costello were named co-head coaches for the remainder of the 2007 season, in which the Wildcats finished 3-7. In April 2008, Lichtel was posthumously inducted into the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame. Hakel (27-28, 2008- ) was hired as full-time head coach in January 2008. Hakel was named Mid-Penn Coach of the Year in 2008 and has made the playoffs three times in five seasons as of 2012 (2-3). As of 2012, Mechanicsburg has had at least one athlete named all-state since the 2008 season; in 2004, Zach Frazer was named Associated Press Pennsylvania Class AAA Player of the Year as one of three Wildcats named to the AP Class AAA All-State team.
The Wildcats play at John H. Frederick Field at Memorial Park Stadium (located in the back of Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Park). In 2008, an artificial turf surface was installed at the facility, financed entirely through private fundraising efforts by the Wildcat Foundation.
Baseball-
The baseball program is considered one of the most storied scholastic baseball clubs in the Central Pennsylvania region. The program has existed since at least 1914 and has won 20 West Shore, CAC or Mid-Penn Conference Championships, with the most recent being in 2009. Since the influx of the PIAA District III Tournament in 1979, Mechanicsburg has made the playoffs 22 times, was district runner-up in 1984 and 1999, and was PIAA District III Champion in 2011. The team has made 3 PIAA State Tournament appearances, having a career record of 1-3 in state tournament play. The team currently participates in the AAA classification in the PIAA, and competes in the Mid-Penn Keystone Division. In addition, Mechanicsburg won the Cumberland Valley Umpire's Association "George Wrightstone Sportsmanship Winner" award in 1990, 1991, 1996 and 2001, making Mechanicsburg the only 4-time winner of the award.
The program has sent several players to Division I Universities, including Arizona State, Georgia Southern University, University of Maryland, Penn State University, Virginia Tech, and the University of Virginia. In addition, 1984 #1 MLB Draft selection Shawn Abner honed his talents at the school. Mechanicsburg has also trained 3 other Major League Baseball Draft choices, with two earning spots on Major League rosters. In October 2005, the Wildcat baseball family lost 471 win, 32-year head coach Don Shirley to kidney cancer. The current coach is Clay McCallister. The Wildcats play at Shirley-Rickenbach Field at Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Park, named after the late Shirley and Bill Rickenbach, present head coach for the Mechanicsburg Cardinals Semi-Pro Twilight League team.
Boys' and Girls' Basketball-
The boys' basketball program is listed in the AAAA classification in the PIAA, and competes in the Mid-Penn Conference's Keystone Division with rivals Trinity and Red Land. The current head coach is Bob Strickler. The program has claimed Mid-Penn championships in 1986, 1987, 1994, 1995 and 2005 and won the PIAA District 3 AAA title in the 1994-1995 season. The program qualified for the PIAA state tournament under the AAA classification in 1995, 2004, 2005, 2006 and again in 2008 under the AAAA classification. In the 2007-2008 season, Mechanicsburg had 20 wins and lost in the second round of the PIAA AAAA Tournament.
The girls' basketball program won Mid-Penn Conference championships in 2000 and 2010.
Boys' and Girls' Soccer-
The boys' soccer program is listed in the AAA classification in the PIAA, and competes in the Mid-Penn Keystone Division. The current coach is Tony Lougee '88. Lougee earned his 200th win as coach of the boys' team during the fall 2011 season, and his 200th win as coach of the MASH Girl's team during the 2012 spring season. The team plays their home games at Northside Elementary's "Cage" on the north side of town, which is one of the few soccer-only stadiums in the area with the capability to host night games. The boys' program has won Mid-Penn Conference championships in 2006 and 2010, and the girls' team was champion in 2011. The boys' team has qualified for the PIAA District 3 playoffs 16 times, including every season since 1999. The boys' team was PIAA District 3 runners-up in 1986, 1989 and 2005, and the girls were PIAA District 3 runners-up in 2011. The men's advanced to the PIAA state tournament in the 1986, 1989, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2009, and 2010 seasons. The girls' team advanced to the state tournament in 2010 and 2011. Mechanicsburg has also trained a two-time PARADE High School All-American in Bobby Warshaw, currently with Ängelholms FF, on loan from FC Dallas, and a former Stanford University player.
Also, both the boys' and girls' soccer teams have gained recognition for their performance in the classroom. In 2006 and 2007, both teams were awarded the National Soccer Coaches Association of America's Team Academic Award for exemplary performance in the classroom. A total of 332 soccer teams from throughout the USA have earned this award. To qualify, the team must have a minimum GPA of 3.25 for the entire academic year. The team GPA is determined by adding every player's GPA, then dividing by the number of players. Mechanicsburg was one of 46 schools receiving the honor for both teams and one of the two schools in PA.
Boys' and Girls' Cross Country-
The boys' and girls' Cross Country programs are listed in the AAA classification in the PIAA, and compete in the Mid-Penn Keystone Division. The boys' team won Mid-Penn Conference championships in 1983, 1986, 1988, 2001 and 2005. The current head coach of the cross country team is Lucas Mellinger, along with assistant coach Carole Cremo. The team runs meets at Soldier and Sailor Memorial Park. In 2005, the boysfinished with a 19–3 record, repeated as the Big Spring Invitational champions, finished second at the Mid-Penn Cross Country Championships, won the Keystone Division title, and attained the highest team finish at the District 3 Championships in school history. Senior James Boyer qualified for the PIAA State Championships. In 2008, senior Matt Nesmith and junior Sarah Sulon both qualified for states for the second time. Freshman Alexa Gruschow also qualified. In 2009, Gruschow qualified for states as a sophomore with a 14th-place finish at the District 3 Championships.
Boys' and Girls' Track and Field-
The boys' Track program is listed in the AAA classification in the PIAA, and compete in the Keystone Division of the Mid-Penn Conference. The boys' track and field head coach, Christian D'Annibale, took over in 2012. The teams run meets at the High School track facility. On May 6, 2006, seniors James Boyer, Josh Foulds, and Brandon Lane, and freshman Zack Benner broke the school's 4 x mile Record at the annual Cedar Cliff Relays by 6 seconds with a time of 18:36. On May 9, 2009, the team of Matt Nesmith, Zack Benner, Garrett Murphy, and Matt Steele broke the school's 4x800 record by almost 3 seconds with a time of 8:02.08 at the Mid-Penn Invitational at Central Dauphin. In 2010, Seabass Nicewicz, Nick Neverman, Matt Steele and Jeremy Taylor broke the 4x400 record with a time of 3:27. During the 2012-2013 season, Mechanicsburg won its first meet in more than four years.
The girls' Track program is listed in the AAA classification in the PIAA, and competes in the Mid-Penn Conference's Keystone Division. The team won Mid-Penn Conference championships in 1983, 1994 and 1995. D'Annibale is also the girls' coach, having taken over in 2012. The teams run meets at the high school's track facility. In 2009, Brittany George broke the school javelin record and qualified for states in the event. Freshman high jumper Kaila Baughman and junior 800-meter runner Sarah Sulon also qualified for states. 2010 brought many new records for the Wildcats. George improved her javelin throw to better than 150 feet, ranking nationally. Alexa Gruschow broke the school record in the 300 intermediate hurdles and Caitlin Eberly cleared 11 feet on the pole vault.
Boys' and Girls' Swimming and Diving
The boys' and girls' swimming teams are listed in the AAA classification of the PIAA, and compete in the Mid-Penn Keystone division. The head coach is currently Greg Bryant. The boys won Mid-Penn Conference championships in 1983, 1984, 1996, 1997, 2001 and 2002. The girls won Mid-Penn Conference championships in 1983, 1984, 1999, 2000, 2002, 2008, 2009 and 2011. In 2004, 2005 and 2006, John Cremo won PIAA AA state championships in 100m Breaststroke and in 2005 in the 200m Individual Medley, a total of 4 PIAA gold medals, as well as numerous PIAA District III and Mid-Penn Conference individual champions.
Alumni.
The Mechanicsburg Area School District and Mechanicsburg Area Senior High have both a list of distinguished alumni and an active Alumni Association.
Alumni Association.
The Mechanicsburg High School Alumni Association was founded in 1883. Its stated mission is to: "The Alumni Association furthers community educational ideals by requesting, procuring, managing, and distributing the funds deemed necessary to meet the Alumni Association's goals. It meets its objectives by assessing the educational and financial needs of the student scholarship applicants; securing gifts, grants, or donations; and giving grants or scholarships to Mechanicsburg High School graduates." The association operates its Hall of Fame, which honors Mechanicsburg graduates who have excelled in high school and beyond in either Service to Humanity, Loyalty to Mechanicsburg High School, Outstanding Achievement in Athletics, and Outstanding Achievement in a Chosen Profession. Currently, there are over 100 inductees since the Hall's foundation in 1967. In addition to the Hall of Fame, the Alumni Association plans and finances its annual Alumni Dinner, which is in its 119th year and the annual Homecoming Party held before the Homecoming football game. In addition, the association operates the Mechanicsburg Alumni Scholarship Fund, which was established in 1980. Since then, the Fund has grown to a value of over $500,000 via donations from alumni worldwide, and is distributed in the form of several annual merit scholarships given to graduating seniors, and one scholarship given to a Mechanicsburg lineman.

</doc>
<doc id="5890552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890552" title="Barre (ballet)">
Barre (ballet)

A barre is a stationary handrail that is used during ballet warm up exercises. The term also refers to the exercises that are performed at the barre, as well as that part of a ballet class that incorporates barre exercises.
Construction.
The design of a barre—which includes both the handrail and its support mechanism—depends on whether the barre is to be portable or permanently located. A permanent barre typically consists of a handrail that is mounted to and supported by a wall, whereas a portable barre consists of a handrail mounted onto a rigid, free-standing supporting structure. Barre handrails and supports are typically made of metal, wood, or a combination of both. The handrail, which is positioned approximately at waist-height, has a diameter of approximately one and one-half inches.
Exercises.
Barre exercises include both slow exercises, which stretch and warm up muscles, and fast exercises, which help dancers strengthen muscles and maintain technique at any speed. Each barre exercise has a specific purpose, such as to strengthen feet, increase extension, improve flexibility, and help a dancer find their ballon. Proper placement (positions of feet and arms in ballet) and posture is emphasized in all exercises.
The barre helps dancers by providing stability and balance, especially while learning correct placement. Barre exercises are often a significant portion of the beginning dancer's class, but the barre continues to be an important tool in all levels of ballet. Barre work can help to prepare dancers for partnering, with the barre simulating the support of a real partner. Barres are an essential tool for beginning pointe dancers, as their ankles may not be strong enough to support them in the center.

</doc>
<doc id="5890561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890561" title="Form (education)">
Form (education)

A form is a class or grouping of students in a school. The term is used predominantly in the United Kingdom, although some schools, mostly private, in other countries also use the title. Pupils are usually grouped in forms according to age and will remain with the same group for a number of years, or sometimes their entire school career.
Forms are normally identified by a number such as "first form" or "sixth form". A form number may be used for two year groups and differentiated by the terms upper and lower. The sixth form is the senior form of a school, and is usually divided into two year groups: the lower sixth and upper sixth. If there is more than one form for each year group they will normally be differentiated by letters, e.g., "upper four B", "lower two Y". Schools do not follow a consistent pattern in naming forms.
Another common identification for form, and one of the most common in New Zealand, is the number of the year they are in, followed by the initials of the teacher who takes the form class. E.g., a Year 7 form whose teacher is John Smith would be 7JS (or 7SJ or 7SM if there is already another teacher in the school with the initials JS). Alternatively, some schools use "vertical" form classes where students across several year groups from the same school house are grouped together. In this case, the numeral is replaced with the first letter of the house name (e.g. RJS for a Red House form class whose teacher is John Smith).
A common understanding in North England was that the single large school halls had sets of seating benches (called FORMS). Different age-groups sat together and were known as 1st. form, 2nd. form, etc. There was a common teacher for the whole school-group, directing instruction to the various forms.

</doc>
<doc id="5890579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890579" title="Kannagi (newspaper)">
Kannagi (newspaper)

Kannagi was a Tamil language newspaper published in Tamil Nadu, southern India. The first copy was published on the initiative of former Indian National Army officer S. Sakti Mohan on May 29, 1952. It succeeded the publication "Netaji", which had started in 1948. Soon it became the regional organ of the All India Forward Bloc in Tamil Nadu.
"Kannagi" identified itself as a 'Revolutionary Nationalist Forthnightly', and its motto was 'All Power to the people'. By 1957 "Kannagi" had a circulation of around 10 000.
In 1977 the publication of "Kannagi" was discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="5890603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890603" title="Screwed Up Movement">
Screwed Up Movement

Screwed Up Movement is the seventh album by southern rapper E.S.G..

</doc>
<doc id="5890605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890605" title="Walter F. George School of Law">
Walter F. George School of Law

The Walter F. George School of Law (also known as Mercer University School of Law or Mercer Law School), founded in 1873, is one of the oldest law schools in the United States and is the second oldest of Mercer's twelve colleges and schools. The School of Law has approximately 440 students and is located in Macon, Georgia on its own campus one mile (1.6 km) from Mercer's main campus. The law school building, one of Macon's most recognizable sites, is a three-story partial replica of Independence Hall in Philadelphia and is located on Coleman Hill overlooking downtown Macon. 
Dean of the School.
Daisy Hurst Floyd was reappointed as dean in 2014. She assumed responsibility from Gary J. Simson, dean from 2010-14, who was elevated by Mercer to a university-wide position as senior vice provost for scholarship. Floyd previously served as dean from 2004-10 and continues as a senior member of the law school faculty; she will serve as dean until a permanent replacement is selected.
Walter F. George.
The School of Law is named for Walter F. George, Mercer Law class of 1901, who served as United States Senator from Georgia from 1922-57 and as President "pro tempore" from 1955-57. Before election to the Senate, he served as a Judge of the Georgia Court of Appeals in 1917 and as a Justice of the Georgia Supreme Court from 1917-22. Mercer named its law school the Walter F. George School of Law of Mercer University in 1947. Fred M. Vinson, Chief Justice of the United States, participated in the naming ceremony. 
The Walter F. George Foundation, created when the school was named, continues to fund scholarships for Mercer law students who have a demonstrated interest in pursuing a career in public service. Walter F. George Foundation Public Service Scholarships cover full tuition for three years of law school along with community service grants for first-year and second-year summer public service internships.
Centennial.
The School of Law celebrated its centennial in 1973. The principal event occurred on November 18, 1973; participants included Richard Nixon, President of the United States and Jimmy Carter, Governor of Georgia and future President of the United States. In his speech, President Nixon announced the nation's third Nimitz-class nuclear aircraft carrier would be named in honor of Carl Vinson, Mercer Law class of 1902. Vinson, who was present at the event, was the first member of the United States House of Representatives to serve for more than 50 years (he served 1914-65), and was the long-time chairman of the House Armed Services Committee. Also present were Secretary of Defense Melvin Laird and Secretary of the Navy John Warner.
Accreditation and rankings.
The School of Law has been a member of the Association of American Law Schools since 1923 and has been fully accredited by the American Bar Association since 1925. 
In the 2013 edition of its law school rankings, "U.S. News & World Report" ranks Mercer 105th among the nation's top 145 law schools. The same edition ranks Mercer's legal writing program third in the nation. The legal writing program has been ranked in the top three since "US News & World Report" began the speciality ranking in 2006. 
The "Princeton Review" includes Mercer in the 2013 edition of its "Best 168 Law Schools"; the student body is ranked the fourth most competitive in the nation.
Statistics.
The School of Law enrolls approximately 440 students and has a faculty of approximately 30 full-time professors and 30 adjunct professors. The following degrees are offered: Juris Doctor (JD), a joint Juris Doctor/Master of Business Administration (JD/MBA) in conjunction with Mercer's Eugene W. Stetson School of Business and Economics, and a Master of Laws (LLM) in Federal Criminal Practice and Procedure, which is the nation's only LLM program with this subject matter focus. The school publishes the "Mercer Law Review", the oldest law review in Georgia (founded in 1949), and the "Journal of Southern Legal History".
The School of Law's model curriculum, the Woodruff Curriculum, named for philanthropist George W. Woodruff, is viewed as a model for law schools across the United States. The curriculum, based on small classes and a practice oriented approach, focuses on legal ethics, professional responsibility, and legal writing and has been honored with the prestigious Gambrell Professionalism Award from the American Bar Association. 
The School of Law houses the Mercer Center for Legal Ethics and Professionalism, established in 2000 and dedicated to fostering and teaching ethics and professionalism in the practice of law, and the National Criminal Defense College, a not-for-profit organization established in 1985 and devoted to improved trial advocacy and trial practice.
The School of Law also houses the Legal Writing Institute, the world's largest organization devoted to improved legal writing. The Institute's 1,800 members represent attorneys, judges, and legal writing professors in the United States, Canada, Europe, Asia, Australia, and New Zealand.
Law Library.
The Furman Smith Law Library, named for Furman Smith, Mercer Law class of 1932, is the school's center of legal research. A premier facility, the library is used by lawyers and judges from across the state and recognized for its superior resources and service. The library occupies over in a central location on the second and third floors of the law school building. Large windows in the library provide students with views of historic Macon from the law building's location on Coleman Hill. 
Alumni.
Mercer alumni head two of Georgia's three branches of government: Nathan Deal '66, is the Governor of Georgia, 2011-present; Hugh Thompson '69, is the Chief Justice of the Georgia Supreme Court, 2013-present. In the Georgia General Assembly, Judson H. Hill, Sr. '86, serves as Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee; William T. Ligon, Jr. '86, serves as Chairman of the Senate State and Local Governmental Operations Committee. M. Yvette Miller '80, Sara L. Doyle '94, and Michael P. Boggs '90 are judges of the Georgia Court of Appeals.

</doc>
<doc id="5890608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890608" title="Netaji (forthnightly)">
Netaji (forthnightly)

Netaji was a Tamil language fortnightly published by the All India Forward Bloc in Tamil Nadu. The first copy was released on January 23, 1948, the birthday of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose. The publication of "Netaji" was discontinued in less than a year.

</doc>
<doc id="5890615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890615" title="St. Agatha's Tower">
St. Agatha's Tower

St. Agatha's Tower in Malta is similar in style to the Wignacourt towers, though it was completed in 1649 during the Grand Mastership of Giovanni Paolo Lascaris to a design by Antonio Garsin. It is also known as the Red Tower due to the colour it is painted.
The original structure is a square tower with four square corner towers with cannon ports in the towers giving interlocking fields of fire commanding the base of the walls and the gateway, with large cannon ports in the faces of the main tower. The outer walls are approximately four meters thick at the base and the interior of the tower is enclosed by a barrel vaulted roof. The corner towers are surmounted by very characteristic fish tail crenelations. 
The Tower is situated in a commanding position on the crest of Marfa Ridge at the north west end of Malta, overlooking the natural harbour and obvious landing site of Mellieħa Bay with clear views over to Comino and Gozo, and also eastward to the line of watchtowers along the north shore of Malta that linked it with the Knights headquarters in Valletta. It was the Knights' primary stronghold in the west of Malta, and was manned by a garrison of 30 men, with ammunition and supplies to withstand a siege of 40 days. 
Like many of the Knights' early defensive structures, during the 18th century it was strengthened by the addition of a much lower profile battery around its flanks. It continued to have a military function throughout the British period, and was manned during both World Wars. From the British period it continued its military function being used as a radar station by the Armed Forces of Malta. 
By the close of the 20th century the tower was in poor repair with one turret completely missing and another turret severely damaged. The Tower was the substantially restored by Din l-Art Helwa starting in 1999, with restoration being completed in 2001, assisted by substantial industrial sponsorship. As part of the restoration work the damaged towers were replaced, the walls and were roof rebuilt and eroded stone facing replaced, the interior walls scraped and painted, the original floor uncovered, and the interior staircase to the roof rebuilt. Due to the extreme unevenness of the floor, this was recently covered by a wooden surface with glass apertures through which one can view the original slabs. The Tower is now in the care of Din l-Art Helwa and is open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="5890623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890623" title="ProAction">
ProAction

ProAction is a games company for the RISC OS platform. They have released many games in the past, mainly ports of Superior Software's games like TechnoDream and Repton series.
Games.
Repton.
The Repton series was sold by R-Comp for a while but then the release of Desktop Repton came.
The latest release of Desktop Repton is Desktop Repton PLUS and is sold by APDL.
TechnoDream.
TechnoDream is now sold with Nevryon, another space shooter on a single CD-ROM by APDL under the 4Th Dimension brand.
Other.
ProAction did also sell games from other companies too like Frak! from GEK Studios.
Frak! and all of GEK's other products are now sold on the GEK Collection from APDL.
ProAction have also released many educational games under the APDL - ProAction brand.

</doc>
<doc id="5890627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890627" title="PAR thrust">
PAR thrust

Power Augmented Ram thrust (or PAR thrust for short) is the use of displaced air in enhancing the air cushion under the wings or body of what is normally a Wing In Ground-effect or WIG craft. The system can also be used in surface effect ships to increase their top speed.
The configuration can use either the exhaust gases from jet engines or propellers slipstream from either the main engines or special assist engines. This accelerated air is then either ducted, deflected or directed in such a manner that it will pass underneath the wing or body and assist in the creation of an air cushion. The purpose of using PAR thrust is to allow the craft to take off at lower speeds than those required if the system was not used.
Some craft only use PAR thrust during takeoff; notable examples of this are the KM and Lun Ekranoplanes that situated their jet engines forward of the wing and deflected the thrust downwards under the wing. Once airborne and at a speed where sufficient lift was generated by the wing alone, the deflection could be removed. The KM required 10 turbojets to have enough power to take off, 8 of them operating in PAR mode; once in level flight, the engines could be throttled back extensively or some of them even shut off.<br> 
A notable spin-off of this technique was the A-90 Orlyonok ekranoplane, which was powered in flight by a massive Kuznetsov NK-12 turboprop (by far the most powerful ever built), and required two large turbofans embedded in the nose for take-off, whose ducts pointed permanently downwards under the wings to provide PAR thrust. These engines were shut down during flight to reduce fuel consumption.
Some other craft such as Burt Rutan's PARLC, Russian Strizh PE-201, Volga 2, Ivolga and other WIG craft use this system. Boats that use this system (Surface Effect Ships) require permanent use of PAR thrust in order to achieve enough lift for normal operation.

</doc>
<doc id="5890632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890632" title="Great Day! Rare Recordings from the Judy Garland Show">
Great Day! Rare Recordings from the Judy Garland Show

Great Day! Rare Recordings From The Judy Garland Show is a music CD by Judy Garland which was released on June 6, 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="5890641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890641" title="Zhang Fakui">
Zhang Fakui

Zhang Fakui (; 1896–1980) CBE was a Chinese Nationalist general who fought against northern warlords, the Imperial Japanese Army and Chinese communist forces in his military career. He served as commander-in-chief the 8th Army Group and commander-in-chief of NRA ground force before retiring in Hong Kong in 1949.
Early life and career.
Zhang Fakui was born in 1896 in Shixing County, Guangdong province. He entered a private learning facility at a young age and went to Guangzhou to became an apprentice before join the local militia. He entered elementary military academy in Guangdong in 1912 and then went to Wuhan's military high school. He served as Dr. Sun Yat-Sen's personal bodyguard and was appointed as a battalion commander of the newly created 4th corps of the National Revolutionary Army. In 1923 he joined the campaign to dislodge Cantonese warlord Chen Jiongming from power, he was promoted to regiment, brigade and division commander. During the Northern Expedition, He led the 4th corps defeated Wu Peifu's warlord armies in Central China. The 4th corps became known as the Iron Army, Zhang was lauded by the public as hero of the iron army. When Chiang Kai Shek unleashed his forces against the communists in the Shanghai Massacre on April 12, 1927, Zhang stayed with Wang Jingwei's Wuhan government. He was awarded to command both 4th and 11th corps. In the same month both KMT governments launched separate campaigns against the northern warlords, Zhang again scored a major victory against Marshal Zhang Zuolin's Fengtian clique in Henan province. He was then promoted as commander-in-chief of the 4th area army and prepared to attack Nanjing. When Wang Jingwei and Chiang Kai Shek reconciled in July 1927 many communist officers under his command mutinied, resulting in the Nanchang Uprising. Zhang's army defeated the communists and chased the mutineers across into Fujian and then returned to his home province. While in Guangdong, he drove out the New Guangxi clique and again supported Wang Jingwei over Chiang Kai Shek. The remaining communists in his army used the confusion to launch the Guangzhou Uprising, while Zhang immediately quelled with three divisions. However he was blamed for the fiasco and resigned his command. Before the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War, he participated in a series of local conflicts into order to stop the growing influence of Chiang Kai-hek's Nationalist Government into his province and was an active member during the Central Plains War against the Nanjing Government. In 1936, he and Chiang reconciled and he was appointed as commander-in-chief of Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Anhui, and Fujian border regions, to eradicate communist activities in those places.
Second Sino-Japanese War.
During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Zhang Fakui commanded the 8th Army Group in the Battle of Shanghai in 1937, 2nd Army Corps in the Battle of Wuhan in 1938. He Commanded 4th War area from 1939 to 1944, defending Guangdong and Guangxi against the Japanese in South China, achieving a victory in the Battle of South Guangxi. He then was appointed as commander in Chief of the Guilin War Zone during the Japanese Operation Ichigo. As Commander in Chief 2nd Front Army he accepted the surrender of the Japanese Twenty-Third Army in Guangdong at the end of the War. 
There was a unique feature for the telephone conversations with Chiang Kai-Shek, because Zhang was a Hakka, and the two had difficulties in understanding each other: instead of simply hanging up the phone after giving out orders like he did to everyone else, during the conversation with Zhang, Chiang always asked Zhang if he understood what he had just said, and Chiang always waited until after Zhang gave an affirmative answer.
During the struggle against the Japanese, Zhang was among the first Army Corps commanders to ask the Chinese military to change its code because he discovered that Japanese could easily decode the Chinese code at the early stage of the war. After the war he was made to march into Hong Kong accept the surrender of the Japanese troops and stayed until the restoration of the British.Commander of the Order of the British Empire. His medal was presented by Governor of Hong Kong Sir Mark Young in May 1947. (The Straits Times, 3 May 1947)
Zhang was nicknamed Zhang Fei, after the historical Three Kingdoms figure.
Chinese Civil War.
After the Second Sino-Japanese War, He was put in charge of Guangdong province and then named as one of President Chiang Kai Shek's military advisors. After the disastrous Huaihai Campaign, Vice President Li Zongren took over as acting President, Zhang was named as chief military administrator of Hainan and commander-in-chief of Nationalist ground forces in March 1949. He did not retreat to Taiwan with his commander Xue Yue. He stayed in Hong Kong.
Viet Nam Quoc Dan Dang.
Zhang Fakui was instrumental in the Kuomintang support of Vietnamese revolutionary organizations and parties against the French Imperialist occupation of Indo China. He assisted the Viet Nam Quoc Dan Dang. Based in Guangxi, Zhang established the Viet Nam Cach Menh Dong Minh Hoi meaning "Viet Nam Revolutionary League" in 1942, which was assisted by the Viet Nam Quoc Dan Dang to serve the KMT's aims. The Chinese Yunnan provincial army, under the KMT, occupied northern Vietnam after the Japanese surrender in 1945, the VNQDD tagging alone, opposing Ho Chi Minh's communist party. The Viet Nam Revolutionary League was a union of various Vietnamese nationalist groups, run by the pro Chinese Viet Nam Quoc Dan Dang. Its stated goal was for unity with China under the Three Principles of the People, created by KMT founder Dr. Sun and opposition to Japanese and French Imperialists. The Revolutionary League was controlled by Nguyen Hai Than. General Zhang shrewdly blocked the Communists of Vietnam, and Ho Chi Minh from entering the league, as his main goal was Chinese influence in Indo China. The KMT utilized these Vietnamese nationalists during World War II against Japanese forces.
Zhang worked with Nguyen Hai Than, a Viet Nam Quoc Dan Dang member, against French Imperialists and Communists in Indo China. General Chang Fa-kuei planned to lead a Chinese army invasion of Tonkin in Indo China to Free Vietnam from French control, and to get Chiang Kai-shek's support.
Retirement in Hong Kong.
In June 1949, Zhang resigned and moved to Hong Kong. He had built schools back in his native village. He was the organizer of the First World Hakka Congress in Hong Kong and died there in 1980. He stayed neutral leaning neither to the Communists near by or his previous Nationalist Government. Despite numerous pleas from both Taiwan and the mainland, he never visited both places, his old subordinate communist Cantonese leader Ye Jianying and Taiwan's leader Chiang Ching-kuo sent their condolence letters to express their sorrow.

</doc>
<doc id="5890646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890646" title="Castambul">
Castambul

Castambul is a small locality near Adelaide, South Australia. It is located in the Adelaide Hills Council local government area.
History.
Castambul was originally named Sixth Creek, but was renamed Castambul by Price Maurice after the Kastamonu (previously Kastambul) region in the Black Sea area of Turkey.
In the 1850s, Australia's first payable gold mine (the Victoria) was located in the area. The area was also home to Price Maurice, who moved to Castambul in 1856 and bred Angora goats for wool. Angora goats were introduced from Turkey to South Australia by John Haigh, who bred them near Port Lincoln. After purchasing Haigh's flock, Maurice was impressed with their potential and soon sent to Turkey for additional animals. His enterprises in South Australia were very successful but he returned to Britain with his family in 1862 for health reasons.
Kastambul Post Office opened on an unknown date and closed at the end of 1971.
Today, very little exists of the old settlement.
In 1966, work started on the Kangaroo Creek Reservoir, a dam of the River Torrens, and in 1969, it was completed at a cost of $5.3 million. Apart from supplying water to eastern Adelaide, it also serves a flood protection role and holds 19,160 megalitres.
Geography.
Castambul is located east of Montacute on the road out of Adelaide via Athelstone (Gorge Road).
Facilities.
Castambul has a CSR calcite quarry and tea gardens, both located on Gorge Road, and the former Victoria Goldmine on Batchelor Road is a heritage-listed site.
Transport.
The area is not serviced by Adelaide public transport.

</doc>
<doc id="5890652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890652" title="Rolpe Dorje, 4th Karmapa Lama">
Rolpe Dorje, 4th Karmapa Lama

Rolpe Dorje (རོལ་པའི་རྡོ་རྗེ་ེ་) (1340–1383) was the fourth Gyalwa Karmapa. According to legend the fourth Karmapa's mother, while pregnant, could hear the sound of the mantra Om Mani Padme Hum while the child was in her womb and the baby said the mantra as soon as he was born. His early life was full of miracles and manifested a total continuity of the teachings and qualities of his former incarnation, including receiving teachings in his dreams. While in his teens, he received the formal transmissions of both the Kagyu and Nyingma lineages from the great Nyingma guru Yungtönpa, the third Karmapa's spiritual heir, now very advanced in years. At the age of nineteen, he accepted Toghon Temur's invitation to return to China where he gave teachings for three years and established many temples and monasteries.
On his return to Tibet, while in the Tsongkha region, Rolpi Dorje gave lay ordination to a very special child, whom he predicted to be of great importance to Buddhism in Tibet. This was Tsong Khapa, the future founder of the Gelugpa school, famous for its Dalai Lamas. 
When Temur died, the Mongol dynasty ended and the Ming dynasty began. The new emperor invited Rolpi Dorje, who declined the invitation but sent another lama in his stead. Rolpi Dorje composed mystic songs throughout his life and was an accomplished poet, fond of Indian poetics. He is also remembered for creating a huge painting (thangka) following a vision of one of his students, who had imagined a Buddha image over a 100 metres tall. The Karmapa, on horseback, traced the Buddha's outline with hoofprints. The design was measured and traced on cloth. It took 500 workers more than a year to complete the thangka, which depicted the Buddha, Maitreya and Manjusri; the founders of Mahayana.

</doc>
<doc id="5890667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890667" title="Wendy P. McCaw">
Wendy P. McCaw

Wendy McCaw is the owner of the Santa Barbara News-Press.
She was born Wendy Petrak in Palo Alto, California, in 1952. She attended Stanford University where she majored in history and met Craig McCaw during their sophomore year. They married in 1974 a year after graduation. During their marriage they grew McCaw Communications into McCaw Cellular, eventually selling to AT&T in 1994. They divorced in 1997 with Wendy receiving a reported $460 million (U.S.) divorce settlement.
In 2000, Wendy McCaw purchased the Santa Barbara News-Press, one of California's oldest newspapers, from the New York Times. A defender of animal rights, Wendy McCaw gave millions in donations in the 1990s to help return Keiko, the orca star of "Free Willy," to the wild. In her editorials in the News-Press, Mrs. McCaw is a staunch defender of animal rights, arguing against whaling operations and a federally funded hunt to kill feral pigs on the Santa Barbara Channel Islands.
In recognition of her work, Ms. McCaw has been the recipient of several awards including the 2004 Michael Douglas Philanthropist of the Year Award and in 2005 the Humane Society of the United States honored her at the Genesis Awards for "Outstanding Newspaper Editorials," citing "an unrivaled collection of 44 insightful, timely and reasoned editorials, exploring an array of significant animal issues in need of public attention and effecting change in the process."
Ms. McCaw currently resides in Santa Barbara with her fiance, Arthur von Wiesenberger, their cat and two donkeys.
News-Press Controversy.
In 2006, McCaw was accused of interference of newsroom editorial judgment, causing turnover in editorial leadership at the News-Press.

</doc>
<doc id="5890681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890681" title="Zhenitba">
Zhenitba

Zhenitba (, "Zhenit'ba", "Marriage") is an unfinished opera begun in 1868 by Modest Mussorgsky to his own libretto based on Nikolai Gogol's comedy "Marriage". This 1842 play is a satire of courtship and cowardice, which centres around a young woman, Agafya, who is wooed by four bachelors, each with his own idiosyncrasies.
History.
Composition history.
The idea to set Gogol's "Marriage" to music came from the advice and influence of Alexander Dargomyzhsky, who began to compose his own experimental opera, "The Stone Guest", to Alexander Pushkin's tragedy just two years earlier (in 1866). Dargomyzhsky declared that the text would be set "just as it stands, so that the inner truth of the text should not be distorted", and in a manner that abolished the 'unrealistic' division between aria and recitative in favour of a continuous mode of syllabic but lyrically heightened declamation somewhere between the two.
In 1868, Mussorgsky rapidly set the first eleven scenes of "Zhenitba", with his priority being to render into music the natural accents and patterns of the play's naturalistic and deliberately humdrum dialogue. Mussorgsky's aim was to create individual musical signatures for each character using the natural rhythms of the text. The composer noted:
The first act was completed in 1868 in a vocal score and the composer noted:
The score is inscribed with the following details: "The work began on Tuesday, June 11, 1868 in Petrograd (St. Petersburg), and was finished on Tuesday, July 8, 1868 in the village Shilovo, Tula Oblast."
"The Marriage" was one of Mussorgsky's first musical masterpieces. It was an experiment in Russian opera, using grotesque and satirical musical language. One citic commented:
Performance history.
An early performance with Mussorgsky's participation took place in 1868 in the home of César Cui. Nadezhda Purgold accompanied on the piano. The cast included Modest Mussorgsky (Podkolyosin), Alexander Dargomyzhsky (Kochkaryov), Aleksandra Purgold (Fyokla Ivanovna), and Konstantin Velyaminov (Stepan). Aleksandra Purgold (later Molas) was the sister of Nadezhda Purgold (later Rimskaya-Korsakova).
A later private performance took place in the home of Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. Nadezhda Purgold was now Nadezhda Rimskaya-Korsakova, through marriage to the composer; she again accompanied on the piano. The cast included Sigizmund Blumenfeld (Podkolyosin), A. P. Sandulenko (Kochkaryov), Sonya Rimskaya-Korsakova (Fyokla Ivanovna), and Gury Stravinsky (Stepan). Sigizmund Blumenfeld was the brother of conductor Felix Blumenfeld, Sonya Rimskaya-Korsakova was the daughter of Nikolai and Nadezhda Rimsky-Korsakov, and Gury Stravinsky was the brother of composer Igor Stravinsky.
The first professional public performance took place on 12 December 1908 in the Great Hall of the Nobility in Moscow. The Rimsky-Korsakov edition (1908) was performed. Production personnel included Arkady Kerzin (producer). D. Veyss (Weiss) accompanied on the piano. The cast included Vladimir Lossky (Podkolyosin), Fyodor Ernst (Kochkaryov), Serafima Selyuk-Roznatovskaya (Fyokla Ivanovna), and Khristofor Tolkachev (Stepan).
Synopsis.
The idle bachelor Podkolyosin attempts to find a wife: "Well, when one considers carefully, one sees that marriage can be very useful." He currently leads a chaotic life, with his poor servant, Stepan, constantly at his beck and call. 
A marriage broker, Fyokla Ivanovna, arrives to give Podkolyosin details of a girl she has chosen for him. However, he is more interested in her dowry: "And what kind of dowry will I receive? Let's start from the beginning and discuss the dowry ...” He also worries that she is not sufficiently highly bred for him: "I don’t suppose she is the daughter of an Officer?... So, is this really the best bargain?" Fyokla suggests that he can't afford be fussy with his poor looks and greying hair!
Unexpectedly Kochkaryov, Podkolyosin's best friend, turns up and is angry to see the marriage broker. He complains that she has married him off to a troublesome, bossy woman. He sends her away, and decides to take over the match-making duties himself.
He paints an idealistic and hassle-free picture of married life for his friend: "There will be a bird in its cage and some embroidery. Just imagine yourself in your chair, quiet and serene and at your side a little caressing woman, all round and pretty. Her hand will stroke you ... like this ..." A reluctant Podkolyosin resists Kochkaryov's demands that he at least visit the girl: "Leave it for now ... come on, we'll go tomorrow." And Kochkaryov answers: "You're an idiot and coward! You are even worse ... you're a sissy and an ass!" And Kochkaryov literally shoves Podkolesin out of the door of his apartment. Here the 1st act ends.

</doc>
<doc id="5890684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890684" title="Tutwiler">
Tutwiler

Tutwiler can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5890692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890692" title="Aaron Brown (defensive lineman)">
Aaron Brown (defensive lineman)

Aaron Lewis Brown, Jr. (November 16, 1943 – November 15, 1997) was an American football defensive lineman born in Port Arthur, Texas. Brown played for the Kansas City Chiefs from 1966 to 1972 and Green Bay Packers from 1973 to 1974. Brown is an alumnus of the University of Minnesota.
Brown was selected by the Kansas City Chiefs with their first round selection in the 1966 American Football League Draft and later that year Brown participated in the first AFL-NFL World Championship game with the team (later known as the Super Bowl). Three years later, Brown was on the 1969 Chiefs' team that won the final AFL-NFL World Championship.
He died on November 15, 1997 in Houston, Texas when struck from behind by a motorist after walking home.

</doc>
<doc id="5890693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890693" title="Mark Regev">
Mark Regev

Mark Regev () (born 1960), formerly Mark Freiberg, is the chief spokesman for the Prime Minister of Israel, a position he has held since 2007. 
Early life.
Regev was born Mark Freiberg in Melbourne, Australia, in 1960 to Martin and Freda Freiberg. He graduated from Mount Scopus Memorial College, received his Bachelor's degree in Political Science and History at Melbourne University, and a Master's degree in Political Science from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, as well as a Master of Science in Management from Boston University.
In his youth Regev was a prominent member of the group Socialist-Zionist youth movement, Ichud Habonim, and was active in the Melbourne University Jewish Students Society. In 1982 he emigrated to Israel and worked at kibbutz Tel Katzir. In Israel he Hebraicized his name from Freiberg to Regev. He is married and has three children.
Career.
Regev began his career as a lecturer on International Relations and Strategy at the Israel Defense Forces Staff College. He joined the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1990, serving as Deputy Chief of Mission at the Consulate in Hong Kong, and spokesmen at the Israeli embassies in Beijing, China and Washington, D.C.. Regev was the spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Jerusalem from 2004 to 2007.
Regev received prominence in international media when he presented the Israeli position in numerous interviews to English-language TV and radio channels during the 2006 Second Lebanon War, in 2008–2009 during Operation Cast Lead, and the 2012 Operation Pillar of Defense which included multiple interviews including one that received over 64,000 views on CNN.
Reception.
In 2010, after the Gaza flotilla raid, Ruth Sunderland of "The Observer" described Regev as the "spin doctor in chief for the Israeli government" and said that "he is unlikely to win sceptics to Israel's cause". John Pilger described Regev's role as "Israel's chief propagandist".

</doc>
<doc id="5890711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890711" title="Moods for Moderns">
Moods for Moderns

Moods for Moderns was an indie-rock band from Detroit, Michigan, featuring Nathan Beale (guitar, vox), Ben Force (bass, vocals), and Dave Shettler (percussion, synthesizers, vocals). 
Named after an Elvis Costello song from Armed Forces, Moods for Moderns were a Detroit area band with a mix of mod, bubblegum, and garage rock influences.

</doc>
<doc id="5890718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890718" title="Matty B">
Matty B

Matthew Barrett, also known by the stage name Matty B, is a former Australian rapper, now employed as a miner in Western Australia's mining industry.
Biography.
Matthew Barrett grew up in Western Australia and was a member of Perth's Syllaboliks hip hop crew. A former pro surfer, Barrett only began rapping seriously when Syllaboliks came together in 1999. Formerly signed to Obese Records, he later released music on his own label, B-Style Entertainment.
Barrett's first track to be released was "Courageous", appearing on the "Culture of Kings" compilation in 2000. This was followed in 2002 by his debut album, "The Courageous LP". A song from that album, "Fridays", appears on Triple J's 2005 album "Super Request—Dog's Breakfast", a compilation of frequently requested songs from Triple J's Super Request program.
In 2001 he performed at the Margaret River Masters Concert. In 2002 he performed at the Big Day Out concerts.
Barrett relocated to the Gold Coast and released an EP, "Simple but Effective", in 2006 on his own label, B-Style Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="5890733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890733" title="Paola Antonelli">
Paola Antonelli

Paola Antonelli (born 1963 in Sassari, Sardinia, Italy) is a senior curator in the Department of Architecture and Design at The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), New York City. She was recently rated one of the one hundred most powerful people in the world of art by "Art Review".
Although a recipient of a laurea degree in architecture from the Politecnico di Milano university in 1990, she has never worked as an architect. Antonelli has curated several architecture and design exhibitions in Italy, France, and Japan. She has been a contributing editor for "Domus" magazine (1987–91) and the design editor of "Abitare" magazine (1992–94). She has also contributed articles to several publications, among them "Metropolis", the Harvard Design Review, "I.D." magazine, "Paper", "Metropolitan Home", "Harper's Bazaar", and "Nest".
MoMA curator.
Antonelli joined MoMA in February 1994 and is a curator in the Department of Architecture and Design there. Her first high-profile exhibition for MoMA, "Mutant Materials in Contemporary Design" (1995), was followed by "Thresholds: Contemporary Design from the Netherlands" (1996), "Achille Castiglioni: Design!" (1997–98), "Projects 66: Campana/Ingo Maurer" (1999), "Open Ends," and "Matter" (September 2000-February 2001). Her exhibition "Workspheres" (2/8-4/22/2001) was devoted to the design of the workplace of the near future. In 2005 she curated the exhibition entitled "Safe: Design Takes on Risk" for MoMA.
From 1991 to 1993, Antonelli was a lecturer at the University of California, Los Angeles, where she taught design history and theory. In the spring of 2003, she started to teach a course of design theory at the Harvard University Graduate School of Design. She has also lectured elsewhere on design and architecture in Europe and the United States and served on several international architecture and design juries.
Antonelli's goal is to promote design's understanding role until its influence on society and on progress is fully acknowledged. She curated the exhibition entitled "Safe" in 2005 based on her show at the International Design Conference in Aspen (August 20–23, 2003), similarly entitled "Safe: Design Takes on Risk." Other recent projects include a book about food from the world over, as examples of distinctive design, and a television program on design. She has for a number of years been attempting to obtain a Boeing 747 for inclusion into the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.

</doc>
<doc id="5890741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890741" title="Sâr Dubnotal">
Sâr Dubnotal

Sâr Dubnotal is a fictional character and pulp hero who starred in 20 pulp magazines published in France in 1909-1910.
The "Sâr Dubnotal" stories were published anonymously. Some scholars believe they were written by Norbert Sévestre, a prolific author of popular adventure series, many of which included similarly fantastic elements, although this has never been proven.
Overview.
The Sâr Dubnotal is a sorcerer and a superhero not unlike Marvel Comics' Doctor Strange.
He is a learned Master of the Occult, nicknamed the "Great Psychagogue", the Napoléon of the Intangible, the Master of Psychognosis, the Conqueror of the Invisible, "El Tebib" (meaning Doctor in Arabic), or merely the Doctor.
Despite his stylish oriental guise, Sâr Dubnotal is a westerner, schooled by the Rosicrucians, who has then learned the ancient secrets of the Hindu mystics. He is capable of telepathy, levitation and hypnotism. He was born in Mumbai. His exact age is unknown, but he is very likely much older than he seems. 
Sâr Dubnotal owns houses in Trez-Hir in Brittany, on the Champs-Élysées in Paris and in Cheyne Walk in London. He also owns several yachts, including the "Brahma" and the "Derviche". He also owns an atoll called Redemption Island located along the Tropic of Cancer in the Pacific Ocean, where he sends villains to be reformed.
Two recurring enemies include rival evil hypnotist Tserpchikopf who turns out to be Jack the Ripper and Russian revolutionary Azef, based on a real-life figure.
Stories.
All 20 magazines were published by Eichler, starting in January 1909 - at the same time in France and translated in Germany.
Episodes 1, 7, 9, 10 and 11 were published in English in a translation by Brian Stableford under the title "Sâr Dubnotal vs. Jack the Ripper" by Black Coat Press (ISBN 9781934543948) in November 2009.
Other appearances.
Sâr Dubnotal has appeared in several short stories published in the anthology "Tales of the Shadowmen", "Doctor Omega and the Shadowmen".
Sâr Dubnotal is mentioned in Volume 2 of "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen".

</doc>
<doc id="5890747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890747" title="KVPA-LD">
KVPA-LD

KVPA-LD is a low-power television station broadcasting in digital on UHF channel 42 in Phoenix, Arizona. Owned by Liberman Broadcasting of Burbank, California, the station is an owned-and-operated affiliate of the Spanish-language network Estrella TV.
History.
An original construction permit for what is now KVPA-LP was granted to Broadcast Systems, Inc. on March 21, 1995 as K24EI in Phoenix, to broadcast on channel 24. The original transmitter location was on Usery Mountain in east Mesa, and the station was first licensed November 15, 1996. Early programming is unknown, but later, the station aired the same programming, Home Shopping Network, as K25DM, which at the time was also owned by Broadcasting Systems, Inc. Although it aired the same programming, K24EI was never a translator of K25DM.
In November 2000, K24EI submitted an application to the FCC to move to channel 42, as Phoenix independent station KTVK was beginning to build its DTV facilities on channel 24. The application was approved, and in November 2002, the new facilities were licensed with call sign K42FD. At about the same time, the station changed its programming to the Shop at Home Network.
In April 2005, the station's owners signed an agreement to sell KDMA Channel 25, Inc., the parent company of K42FD, to Latin America Broadcasting, Inc., with the intent of launching a new Spanish-language network called LAT TV. K42FD's sister station, K25DM, was supposed to be part of that network, with K42FD retaining its Shop at Home programming initially, then eventually switching over. However, after the deal was consummated in July 2005, the new owners decided instead to launch LAT TV on K42FD. The station received new call letters KVPA-LP in December 2005, and at the same time, Latin America Broadcasting applied to move KVPA-LP's transmitter location to the South Mountain antenna farm. That application was granted in April 2006 and KVPA-LP went silent. It re-emerged in June 2006 with the new LAT TV programming. LAT TV and KVPA-LP ceased operations in mid-May 2008, but the station's owners retained the license.
On August 18, 2008, the former owners of LAT TV announced that KVPA-LP would be sold to Liberman Broadcasting, a company that specializes in Spanish-language television and radio, for $1.25 million. The sale was finalized on December 30.

</doc>
<doc id="5890748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890748" title="Banjar, India">
Banjar, India

Banjar is a town and a nagar panchayat in Kullu district in the state of Himachal Pradesh, India.
Geography.
Banjar is located at . It has an average elevation of 1962 metres (6436 feet). The place lies on the alternate route to Kullu from Shimla. The main route is from Bilaspur and Mandi. The alternate route goes from Theog, Aani, Jalori Pass, Banjar and joins the main route at Aut. 
The BANJAR Valley is in middle himalyan range and if one goes toward east, the peaks progressively keeps increasing in height and one finds himself in GREAT HIMALYAN RANGE where peaks have height of 4500 metres and above .

</doc>
<doc id="5890755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890755" title="An (surname)">
An (surname)

The surname An () literally means "peace" or "tranquility". It also serves as an abbreviation of "Anxi" (), meaning "Arsacid" in Chinese. Visitors to China who came from Arsacid-held territories often took the name "An".
During the Song Dynasty, Another An (俺) is a Jewish Chinese surname.
Origins of An (安).
Parthian.
During the Qin and Han Dynasty, the most common origin of the surname An was as a contraction of Anxi, meaning "Arsacid", and was thus given to people of Arsacid-territory origin, such as An Shigao, the royal of Arsacid Empire. Also, An Xuan is another Parthian, who followed An Shigao to Luoyang.
During the 3rd Century, An Faqin (安法欽) is a Parthian Buddhist from the Arsacid, became to Xijin (西晋) in the Chinese Dynasty.
Xueyantuo.
During the Northern Wei period in the 6th century, Anchi/Anzhi (安迟) was the Xianbei surname of Uyghur people (回鹘人) a division of the Hui people; they later reduced the surname to An (安). During the Tang Dynasty in the 8th century, the An (安) family name was used among the Xueyantuo (薛延陀) people.
Iranian.
In the Tang Dynasty period 9th century, An was also sometimes used as the name for the region of Sogdia (modern-day Uzbekistan); previously, Sogdians had exclusively used the surname of Kang (康). The addition was due to the existence of two Sogdian kingdoms, identified as An and Kangju; the state of An was accordingly named due to its occupation by the Arsacids.
Khitan.
During the Qing Dynasty, Ardan (阿尔丹) the Daur people (达斡尔族) were given the surname An (安) with the Ar dialect.

</doc>
<doc id="5890785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890785" title="Banjar people">
Banjar people

The Banjar or Banjarese (Urang Banjar in Banjarese language; اورڠ بنجر in Jawi script) are a coastal, native ethnic group that settled in Tanah Laut and Banjarmasin (the second largest city on the island of Borneo) in the south and in Hulu Sungai in the north of South Kalimantan, Indonesia. Several centuries ago, some of them had travelled to many places in the Malay archipelago. They set up pockets of settlement there, in Perak (mostly in Bagan Serai, Parit Buntar, Sungai Manik and Teluk Intan), Selangor around (Sabak Bernam, Sekinchan, Sungai Besar and Tanjung Karang), in Johor (Batu Pahat), in Medan as well as other places. The Banjarese people are made up of the native Dayaks, other Malays from Sumatra, and Javanese from Java.
History.
The Proto-Malay people migrated to Borneo in 2500 BC. They were the ancestors of the Dayak people (Ot Danum). In 2500 BC, the Deutero Malays migrated to Borneo. The Malay people from Sumatra brought their culture to Borneo in 400 AD. The fusion of the cultures saw the birth of the Upper Banjar language (Bahasa Banjar Hulu). Later, in 520 AD, the Malays formed the Buddhist Kingdom of Tanjungpuri in the present-day region of Tanjung, Tabalong.
In 1200 AD, Empu Jatmika built the Hindu Kingdom of Negara Dipa by the river of Tapin. This was the start of the Javanese-style courts in South Kalimantan. The Hindu era in South Kalimantan remained the most remembered period in South Kalimantan's history. The glory of Negara Dipa was succeeded by the Hindu Kingdom of Negara Daha in 1400 AD.
According to history, Prince Samudera, the rightful heir to the kingdom of Negara Daha, was forced to flee the court of because of his uncle's revolt against him. He was accepted by the people of Bandar Masih (Bandar: port, Masih: Malay people). Supported by the Sultanate of Demak, he formed a new Islamic Banjar Kingdom in 1526 with Bandar Masih as its capital. The name of Bandar Masih was later changed to its present name Banjarmasin.
Sub-ethnicities.
The division of Banjar people into 3 ethnicities is based on the locations of the assimilation between the Malays, the local Dayaks (Dayak Bukit, Dayak Ma’anyan, Dayak Lawangan, Dayak Ngaju, Dayak Barangas, and Bakumpai), and the Javanese.
Language.
The Banjar language (bjn) reflects the history of people. It is basically the Malay language brought from Sumatra, with some words that are taken from Javanese and the native Dayaks.
Relations with Dayaks.
The relationship between Banjar people and the neighboring Dayaks have always been good. Some of the Dayaks who had converted to Islam have also assimilated into the Banjar culture and call themselves Banjar. The Dayaks also think of the Banjars as their brothers and sisters. This is further strengthened by the fact there are many inter-marriages between the Banjars and the Dayaks, even among the members of the royalty. For example, Biang Lawai, a wife of a Banjar king was of Dayak Ngaju ethnicity. This means that the Banjarese Kings and Queens have Dayaks lineage in their blood.
This relationship grew strong when both ethnicities faced colonization by the Dutch in the 18th century. They became comrades in an age of war. Some of the warriors involved in Banjar War are of Dayak ethnicities or have Dayaks lineage in their blood. For example:

</doc>
<doc id="5890793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890793" title="Metacrinia">
Metacrinia

Metacrinia nichollsi is a species of Australian frog, commonly named as the Forest (or Nicholls') Toadlet. It is endemic to Southwest Australia, occurring between Dunsborough and Albany. 
Physical description.
"Metacrinia nichollsi" is a squat frog with short limbs and reaches in length. The dorsal colouration is very dark brown or black occasionally with pink flecks. The ventral surface is grey, dark blue or black with white marbling. There are yellow or orange markings at the base of each arm and on the underside of the thighs and lower belly. The skin on the dorsum is warty and the belly is granular. The tympanum is visible and the fingers and toes are free of webbing. 
It is the only described species in the genus Metacrinia. The toadlet is poorly studied, but the diverse appearance of the toadlet suggests there may be more than one species.
Ecology and behaviour.
This species is found amongst leaf litter, under stones and logs in Karri and Jarrah forests. Breeding occurs in late summer with most activity after rain. The males make a short "ark" similar to that of species in the "Pseudophryne" genus. 25–30 eggs are laid in damp ground cover where they develop directly without a larval stage. The species was assessed as Least Concern in 2004.
Similar species.
"Metacrinia" may be confused with Guenther's Toadlet, "Pseudophryne guentheri". It can be distinguished by the orange ventral markings.

</doc>
<doc id="5890801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890801" title="Premio Vittorio di Capua">
Premio Vittorio di Capua

The Premio Vittorio di Capua is a Group 1 flat horse race in Italy open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Milan over a distance of 1,600 metres (about 1 mile), and it is scheduled to take place each year in September or October.
The event is named in memory of Vittorio di Capua, a former president of San Siro Racecourse, who was kidnapped and murdered in the 1970s.
For several years the Premio Vittorio di Capua held Group 2 status. It was promoted to Group 1 level in 1988.
Records.
Most successful horse since 1980 (2 wins):
Leading jockey since 1980 (5 wins):
Leading trainer since 1980 (6 wins):
Leading owner since 1980 (6 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="5890808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890808" title="Type 63">
Type 63

Type 63 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5890815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890815" title="David Lett">
David Lett

David Lett (1939 – October 9, 2008) was the founder and winemaker for The Eyrie Vineyards in the U.S. state of Oregon. He was a pioneer in the Oregon wine industry.
Lett grew up in Utah and studied dentistry in California. In 1966, against the advice of the professors at the University of California, Davis, he moved to Oregon and purchased hillside acreage near Dundee, a small city about 45 minutes south of Portland. He and his wife Diana planted the first vineyard and made their first Pinot noir in 1970. He was the first to cultivate both Pinot noir and Pinot gris in Oregon, a pioneering effort which earned him the nickname "Papa Pinot".
The Eyrie Vineyards 1975 South Block Reserve Pinot Noir shocked much of the wine world when it showed very well in the Wine Olympiad ("Wine Olympics"), first in Paris in 1979 and then in Burgundy the following year. In a retirement farewell to David Lett, this wine and every other reserve pinot noir were poured in a special vertical tasting at the winery in July 2008. The winery itself is in McMinnville.
Lett died on October 9, 2008 of heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="5890837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890837" title="Indian National Democratic Congress">
Indian National Democratic Congress

The Congress Reform Committee was formed by a group of dissidents that left the Indian National Congress in the Madras State. The CRC was led by C. Rajagopalachari, who had been defeated by Kamaraj in the inner-party disputes over leadership of the Congress in Tamil Nadu. CRC was formed just one month before the 1957 elections to the Lok Sabha and the Madras state legislative assembly.
Soon CRC began cooperation with the All India Forward Bloc of U. Muthuramalingam Thevar. The CRC-AIFB combine contested 59 seats in the assembly election (54 candidates from CRC, 5 candidates from AIFB. One of the five AIFB candidates, P.K. Mookiah Thevar, stood as a CRC candidate). There was also an informal understanding with the Communist Party of India, which decided not to contest against the CRC in some constituencies.
The CRC-AIFB combine formulated a 12-point election manifesto. The CRC-AIFB alliance emerged as the major opposition alliance in these elections, but could not defeat the Congress government. CRC won 14 seats and AIFB three. Half of the seats won were from the Ramnad and Madurai districts.
Following the election, a joint 'CRC opposition' group was formed in the legislative assembly. This was done to counter the bid of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (which had 16 seats) to hold the post of leader of opposition. Soon five independent assembly members joined the CRC opposition group. V.K. Ramaswamy Mudaliar was elected leader of the 'CRC opposition'.
On September 28-29, 1957 CRC held a state conference and reconstituted itself as the Indian National Democratic Congress. Notably, U. Muthuralingam Thevar, one of the inaugural speakers of the event, was arrested just after having delivered his speech.
In March 1959 elections to the Madurai municipality was held. An alliance of INDC, AIFB, CPI and the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam was formed. Forward Bloc members stood as INDC candidates, denoting that the Tamil Nadu state unit of that party has virtually merged into INDC. 12 INDC candidates, 12 CPI candidates and 2 DMK candidates were elected against only 10 of the Congress. This was the first time the Congress lost its hold over the municipality after Independence. The INDC-AIFB-CPI-DMK front only lost in three constituencies were they had nominated independent candidates.
In July 1959 INDC merged into the Swatantra Party. Albeit representing virtually opposite positions on the left-right scale, the cooperation between the Forward Bloc and the Swatantra Party continued in the state. Forward Bloc members of the Tamil Nadu assembly sat in the Swatantra group and the group was led by Forward Bloc leader P.K. Mookiah Thevar.

</doc>
<doc id="5890838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890838" title="Tye">
Tye

Tye may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5890851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890851" title="Dragon Prince and Dragon Star trilogies">
Dragon Prince and Dragon Star trilogies

The "Dragon Prince and Dragon Star trilogies" comprise connected fantasy novels written by Melanie Rawn. The Dragon Prince trilogy focuses on Prince Rohan of the Desert and his Sunrunner wife, Sioned, while the Dragon Star trilogy focuses on their son, Pol. The books in the Dragon Prince trilogy are Dragon Prince, The Star Scroll, and "Sunrunner's Fire. The books in the Dragon Star trilogy are Stronghold, The Dragon Token, and Skybowl".
Introduction.
The Dragon Prince novels take place in a world of political intrigue, Sunrunners, Sorcerers, war, and dragons.
This world is known as the Continent. It is divided into thirteen Princedoms (Desert, Princemarch, Cunaxa, Dorval, Syr, Gilad, Ossetia, Meadowlord, Grib, Kierst, Isel, Fessenden, and Firon) all of which follow the rule of the High Prince, whose seat is Princemarch. During the "Rialla" the Princes gather to make new laws and alliances. The princedoms and titles usually pass down to the oldest son; however, women have acted as regents and have ruled their own Keeps.
Separate from any princedom is Goddess Keep, the home of the Sunrunners, or "faradh'im", who are governed by the Lord or Lady of Goddess Keep. Sunrunners each have a unique pattern of colors - described by the jewels associated with the color - which they weave into the light. On the light Sunrunners can communicate with each other over vast distances, watch or spy on the doings of others, and cast spells. Sunrunners can also call air and fire and conjure images using these abilities. As a Sunrunner learns more skills they receive rings. There are ten levels of "faradhi" rings. Full Sunrunners become violently ill while crossing water and will die if pierced by iron while casting. Most Sunrunners' greatest fear is to become Shadow Lost - the failure to return to one's body before the sun sets.
Sorcerers, or "diarmadhi", were thought to be extinct for many years. They were the old rulers of the world and of the "Merida" - a race of assassins. Sorcerers use the starlight in addition to the moon and sun. They are able to cross water without harm and are less susceptible to iron, but are vulnerable to mirror spells. A sorcerer may be trained as a Sunrunner, but the "faradhi" rings burn on their fingers when sorcery is used around them.
Dragons are the rulers of the sky. They live primarily in The Desert and Princemarch. These beasts are feared by most people of the Continent, but have a special connection to the Desertborn, who can sense when they are near. Dragons themselves are generally viewed only as great beasts, something for brave and cunning warriors to hunt, but a few people are convinced that there is something more to dragons, something glorious and vitally important to the entire Continent.
"Dragon Prince" trilogy.
This trilogy follows the life of Prince Rohan of The Desert as he tries to make his dreams of peace a reality. 
The first book deals with Rohan's rise to power and how he deals with the Continental politics in a world where treaties are meant to be broken and High Prince Roelstra feasts on the greed and weakness of the other Princes. Throughout all of this, the Lady of Goddess Keep's plans for a Sunrunner Prince come ever closer to fruition as Rohan falls in love with the Sunrunner Sioned. 
The second book takes place fourteen years later. Peace has reigned longer than ever in recent memory. New laws and treaties have been established; the Continent is slowly becoming a more civilized place. Then a threat rises: a young man claims to be High Prince Roelstra's heir. As Rohan walks the careful line between new civility and traditional barbarism, his son's claim on the throne of Princemarch must be defended.
The third book of the trilogy spans a good number of years, most of which are peaceful. Here, the deepest of Rohan's secrets must be revealed to his son, Pol, who is now a man grown. As the demons of the past grow more powerful and new, familial enemies arise, Rohan must maintain the peaceful order he has established throughout his world while watching his son and heir fight a battle that could cost him more than his life.
"Dragon Star" trilogy.
This trilogy tells the story of the "Vellanti" War and Pol's struggle to be his own man and his own Prince.
In the first book of the trilogy, the "Vellant'im" invade. It is unexpected and extremely brutal. They overtake nearly every princedom before the Princes can react. Only the Lord of Goddess Keep had any warning, but even he was too late to act. As the "Vellant'im" surge across the Continent their destination appears to be the Desert. Rohan and Pol struggle to repel the enemy while also leading their people and families to safety. Throughout this book the differences between Rohan and Pol become obvious, and clashes between the two abound.
In the next book of the trilogy, the "Vellant'im" have nearly conquered the Desert. Pol gathers his forces and what allies he can in order to resist the newly strengthened onslaught of the "Vellant'im". As he struggles to repel the enemy, he also learns more about his ancestors, the ancient "diarmadh'im". Pol realizes that he must look not only to his sword, but to sorcery in order to defeat the enemy.
In the final book of the trilogy, Pol stands to lose everything - his family, his land, his people, his very life. As the "Vellanti" War progresses, Pol must choose between his morals and sorcery, his pride and his people, and he must finally completely accept who and what he is: man, Prince, "faradhi", and "diarmadhi". Only if Pol comes into his own and unites the peoples of the Continent will he and his people have a chance at survival.
Characters.
Other characters.
The articles on different peoples also contain a list of their prominent 'Known Characters.'
Continent.
Religion.
There are three gods worshipped by the peoples of the Continent: the Goddess, the Storm God, and the Nameless One. The Goddess is their primary deity; she created all life and is the patron god of the "faradh'im". The peoples of the Continent have an easy, laid back relationship with their Goddess. She is benevolent and loving, a comforting figure with whom anyone can commune. The Storm God is the Goddess' consort. He has the reign of the seas, so he is worshiped more on the island princedoms. He is also the most warlike deity and the primary god of the "Vellant'im". The Nameless One is the patron deity of the "diarmadh'im". He is associated with the stars, but other than that very little is known about him.
In addition to the three main gods were Fire, Air, Earth, and Water, the elements from which all was made. Long ago the Goddess taught the first Sunrunners to weave light with Fire. Fire made deals with her brothers, Air and Earth, to ensure the Sunrunners safe passage with their domains. Water, Fire's sister and rival, did everything she could to hinder the Sunrunners, making their weavings impossible while travelling over her and generally making any Sunrunner on water miserably ill. Earth cared not about the "faradh'im" and focused on the concerns of the land. Air usually blew calmly for the Sunrunners, but occasionally would help his sister, Water, in causing them turmoil.
Dranath.
Dranath is a fictional herb, grown only in the Veresch Mountains of Princemarch, the herb has several properties. When boiled, dried, and powdered, "dranath" can enhance the powers of a Sunrunner or sorcerer, while also helping Sunrunners cross water without illness. In this form the drug is very addicting; withdrawal will almost certainly kill the imbiber. "Dranath" can also cure the disease known as "The Plague", a malady which affects both humans and dragons. For non-gifted people this drug works as a hallucinogen.
Addiction is the strongest and most dangerous side-effect of "dranath". As more of the drug is used, more of the drug is needed to satisfy the craving. Abstinance from the drug causes headaches, a swelling tongue, shaking limbs, aversion to brightness, and a chill as well as an overall ache and fatigue. In extreme cases of fighting the addiction, the victim is nearly insensible. Severe withdrawal causes unconsciousness, memory lapses, vivid and sexually explicit dreams, an itching sensation inside and out, vomiting, cramps, sweating, a foul smell, and deep, gut-twisting agony. The pain of withdrawal in these cases can drive the victim to injure him- or herself in the attempt to get more "dranath" or to escape the pain. If tied down, the victim's flailing might pull his/her arms from their sockets. He/She might also bite their tongue off. The culmination of all the withdrawal effects eventually weakens the body to the point of total exhaustion. At this point the heart may give out; if it does, then unless the heart restarts (often by CPR) and the victim is able to breathe, he or she will die at long last.
Too much of the drug can kill a victim just as easily as withdrawal. The imbiber feels as if they are drowning, are unable to breathe, and become overwhelmed by the drug.
Rialla.
The "Rialla" is a gathering of Lords and Princes, which takes place every three years. The High Prince oversees the "Rialla" along with the Lady or Lord of Goddess Keep. The Princes meet to establish laws, make treaties, and to trade. Lords often knight their charges and also marry. In addition to the political maneuverings, the "Rialla" is also a five day fair. Merchants from all over the Continent come to trade, including horse breeders. There are great races at the "Rialla" which everyone attends no matter one's rank. Traditionally the "Rialla" was held near Waes of Meadowlord, but has been moved to Dragon's Rest in Princemarch. 
Old Tongue.
The "Old Tongue" is the language which was spoken in ancient times when the "diarmadh'im" ruled. Certain peoples still speak the language, such as the Desert Tribes and the mountainous people of Firon. Many of the terms or titles are still in use or resemble modern words.
A glossary of terms in the Old Tongue can be found on Melanie Rawn's official website here.
"Merida".
The Merida are a fictional people of assassins renowned for their silence and skill. They are a people without a home, without a Princedom or any known permanent Keep, though they currently hide within the borders of Cunaxa. Their colors are yellow and brown. If they have a banner it is not known to those not "Merida". They have a hierarchy and nobles, the royals of which are called the "Merida" Blood. Those of the Blood bear a ritual chin scar to signify their station. 
Much of the culture of the "Merida" - outside of the training of assassins - remains a mystery.
In the Old Tongue "Merida" means 'Gentle Glass.' This name is because these assassins' chosen weapon - and calling card - is a glass knife, which is also filled with poison. The green-glass blade is nitched and shatters as it enters a body, poisoning the victim as well as making it impossible to remove the blade. If stabbed by a "Merida" knife there is no hope of survival. This makes the "Merida" very formidable assassins.

</doc>
<doc id="5890855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890855" title="Type 95">
Type 95

Type 95 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5890878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890878" title="South East England Development Agency">
South East England Development Agency

The South East England Development Agency (SEEDA), was one of a number of regional development agencies in England. It was set up as a non-departmental public body in 1999 to promote the region and to enable a number of more difficult regeneration projects which otherwise might not take place. It covered Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, East Sussex, Hampshire, the Isle of Wight, Kent, Oxfordshire, Surrey and West Sussex
The government announced that SEEDA was due to close by March 31, 2012, along with the other RDAs (regional development agencies). According to SEEDA's website "Responsibility for economic development and regeneration in England is being passed onto successor bodies, including Local Enterprise Partnerships (LEPs) and central Government departments".
Projects.
Projects include:

</doc>
<doc id="5890882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890882" title="Artemio Franchi Trophy">
Artemio Franchi Trophy

The Artemio Franchi Trophy was a competition held twice (1985 and 1993) between the champions of the European Football Championship and the Copa América. It was the national team equivalent to the Intercontinental Cup featuring the top European and South American clubs, and can be considered a precursor of the King Fahd Cup, played in 1992 for the first time and renamed the FIFA Confederations Cup after FIFA took over its organization for the third edition in 1997.
The trophy was named after the late Artemio Franchi, UEFA President from 1972 to 1983, when he died in a road accident.

</doc>
<doc id="5890888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890888" title="Artemio Franchi">
Artemio Franchi

Artemio Franchi () (January 22, 1922 - August 12, 1983) was an Italian football administrator. He served as Italian Football Federation President (1967-1976, 1978-1980), UEFA President (1973-1983) and as a member of the FIFA Executive Committee (1974-1983). He died in a road accident near Siena on 12 August 1983.
The home stadium of ACF Fiorentina and that of A.C. Siena are both named in his honor, as well as the Artemio Franchi Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="5890897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890897" title="Charles M. Lieber">
Charles M. Lieber

Charles M. Lieber (born 1959) is an American chemist and pioneer in the field of nanoscience and nanotechnology. In 2011, Lieber was recognised as the leading chemist in the world by Thomson Reuters for the impact of his scientific publications.
Work.
Lieber holds a joint appointment in the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology at Harvard University, as the Mark Hyman Professor of Chemistry, and the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. Lieber has published over 330 scientific papers in peer-reviewed journals and he is the principal inventor on more than 35 patents. He has founded the nanotechnology companies Nanosys in 2001 and the nanosensor company Vista Therapeutics in 2007. He is known for his contributions to the synthesis, fundamental understanding, and assembly of nanoscale materials, pioneering demonstrations of nanodevices, the creation of nanotechnology companies and the education of numerous leaders in nanoscience.
Awards.
In 2012, Lieber was awarded the Wolf Prize in Chemistry (shared with Paul Alivisatos) for his contributions to nanochemistry. In 2002, Lieber won the Breakthrough of the Year by Science Magazine and the Feynman Prize for Nanotechnology. In both 2003 and 2004, he won the World Technology Award in Materials. Other notable awards include the Willard Gibbs Award from the Chicago Section of the ACS (2013), Fred Kavli Distinguished Lectureship in Nanoscience, Materials Research Society (2010); Inorganic Nanoscience Award, ACS Division of Inorganic Chemistry (2009); Einstein Award, Chinese Academy of Sciences (2008); Pioneer Award, NIH (2008); Elected Fellow, MRS (2008); NBIC Research Excellence Award, University of Pennsylvania (2007); Nanotech Briefs Nano 50 Award (2005); ACS Award in the Chemistry of Materials (2004); Scientific American 50 Award in Nanotechnology and Molecular Electronics (2003); New York Intellectual Property Law Association Inventor of the Year (2003); Nelson W. Taylor Award, Pennsylvania State University (2003); APS McGroddy Prize for New Materials (2003); Harrison Howe Award, University of Rochester (2002); MRS Medal (2002); NSF Creativity Award (1996); Leo Hendrik Baekeland Award, American Chemical Society (1995); George Ledlie Prize, Harvard University (1994-1995); MRS Outstanding Young Investigator Award (1993); ACS Award in pure chemistry (1992); and Wilson Prize (1990).
Other Honors and Positions.
Lieber is an elected member of the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Fellow of the Materials Research Society, Fellow of the American Chemical Society (Inaugural Class), Elected Fellow of International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry, Honorary Fellow of the Chinese Chemical Society, and member of the American Physical Society, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, International Society for Optical Engineering and American Association for the Advancement of Science. Lieber is Co-Editor of Nano Letters, and serves on the editorial and advisory boards of a large number of science and technology journals.

</doc>
<doc id="5890913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890913" title="Sheldon Forest">
Sheldon Forest

Sheldon Forest is a pocket of urban bushland located north-west of Sydney, Australia in a narrow valley between Turramurra and Pymble.
Sheldon Forest is of high conservation status because it contains some of the last remnants of the endangered Sydney Turpentine-Ironbark Forest (STIF) and Blue Gum High Forest (BGHF) in the Sydney basin.
Bush regeneration programs have been implemented for many years. Invasive weeds such as privet, large leave privet, wandering jew, lantana and camphor laurel continue to be troublesome. 
Historical 1st Turramurra Scout hall is located at the entrance to the forest from Warragal Road. The hall has been continuously in this location for over 60 years.
Walking Track.
A walking track meanders through a range of plant communities. As you follow the track through the forest you will notice changes in the plant structure and associations. The change in plant associations occur because the underlying bedrock changes from shale to sandstone. 
Three major communities will be obvious along your walk. The blue gum tall forest occurs on the ridge tops, while closed (or riparian) forest occurs along the creeks. On the hill slopes, sandstone supports an open forest-woodland community.

</doc>
<doc id="5890971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890971" title="Chamba, Himachal Pradesh">
Chamba, Himachal Pradesh

Chamba (Hindi: चम्बा) is an ancient town in the Chamba district in the state of Himachal Pradesh, in northern India. According to the 2001 Indian census, Chamba has a population of 20,312 people. Located at an altitude of above mean sea level, the town is situated on the banks of the Ravi River (a major tributary of the Trans-Himalayan Indus River), at its confluence with the Sal River.
Though historical records date the history of the Chamba region to the Kolian tribes in the 2nd century BC, the area was formally ruled by the Maru dynasty, starting with the Raju Maru from around 500 AD, ruling from the ancient capital of Bharmour, which is located from the town of Chamba. In 920, Raja Sahil Varman (or Raja Sahil Verma) shifted the capital of the kingdom to Chamba, following the specific request of his daughter Champavati (Chamba was named after her). From the time of Raju Maru, 67 Rajas of this dynasty have ruled over Chamba until it finally merged with the Indian Union in April 1948, although Chamba was under British suzerainty from 1846 to this time. 
The town has numerous temples and palaces, and hosts two popular jatras (fairs), the "Suhi Mata Mela" and the "Minjar Mela", which last for several days and involve music and dancing. Chamba is also well noted for its arts and crafts, particularly its Pahari paintings, which originated in the Hill Kingdoms of North India between the 17th and 19th century and its handicrafts and textiles.
History.
Early history.
Chamba has an ancient history, which is inseparable from that of the surrounding district of Chamba. The earliest rulers were Kolian tribes. In the 2nd century BC the Khasas and Audumbaras were in power in the region. In the 4th century AD during the Gupta period, the Thakurs and Ranas ruled. From the 7th century, the Gurjara Pratiharas or the Rajput dynasty came into power.
The recorded history of the Rajput rulers is traced to an eminent individual named Maru who is said to have moved to northwest India from Kalpagrama, around 500 AD. He founded his capital in the Budhal river valley at a place called Brahmaputra, which later became known as Bharmour or Bhramaur, which is situated to the east of the present day Chamba town. For three hundred years, kings of Rajput Dynasty ruled from their capital in Bharmour.
However, in 920, Raja Sahil Varman (or Raja Sahila Verma), King of Bharmour, shifted his capital from Bharmour to a more centrally located plateau in the lower Ravi valley, and named the city Champavati, after his daughter. There is some variation in the story to how exactly this transition came about in the historical records of Chamba. One version tells how Varman, who, after being childless for a significant period, was blessed with ten sons and a daughter, named "Champavati". It was Champavati who urged her father to build a new capital town in the valley. However, obstacles stood in the way to relocating his capital, given that the king had previously granted the land in the modern Chamba vicinity to the Kanwan Brahmins. A solution was found in the form of offering a gift of eight copper coins called "chaklis" on the occasion of every marriage that took place in the Brahmin family, if they would agree to surrender their land to pave the way for the new capital. With the land thus obtained, the new capital was built and named as Champa after Chamapavati, the King’s daughter, which, over the years, was simply shortened to "Chamba'.
A variation of this origin of Chamba is that it originated as a hermitage which Champavati, a devout Hindu, used to frequent. The king, being suspicious of his daughter's fidelity, one day investigated and followed her to the hermitage, but surprisingly he found neither his daughter nor the hermit there. Suddenly he was said to have heard a voice which informed him that his suspicions were ill founded, admonishing him and informing him that his daughter had been taken away from him permanently as a punishment of his lack of trust in her morals. The King, fully chastened, sought redemption for his sin by expanding the hermitage into a temple, named in his daughter’s honour and built a city around the temple. Today this temple, called the Champavati Temple, belongs to the Royal family and the King’s daughter is venerated as a goddess. Every year, since 935, the Minjar festival or fair has been held. It lasts for 21 days, coinciding with the first day of Baisakhi.
Since Raja Sahil Varman, the dynasty ruled without successful invasion for around a millennium, until the British gained power. The isolation of the town and its rugged hilly terrain is believed to have been a contributing factor to this unusual state of security. Later, Mughal emperors Akbar and Aurangzeb did attempt to annex Chamba but were unsuccessful in subjugating this territory into their kingdoms. Raja Prithvi Singh (1641-1664 AD), who was on amiable terms with Emperor Shahjahan was instrumental in introducing the court life styles of the Mughals.
Modern history.
In 1806 A.D., the combined forces of Gurkhas and local hills chiefs attacked the forces of Raja Sansar Chand in the battle and forced a crushing defeat on him along with family took shelter in the Kangra fort. The Gurkhas sieged the Kangra fort and ruthlessly looted the area between the fort of Kangra and Mahal Mohrian and virtually destroyed the villages. The siege of the fort continued for three years. In 1809 A.D., Raja Ranjit Singh, the Sikh ruler of Lahore, on the request of Sansar Chand, waged war against the Gurkhas and defeated them in But Sansar Chand had to pay a heavy price whereby he had to lose Kangra fort and 66 villages to the Sikhs. Ranjit Singh controlled the region and had even placed a garrison at Chamba, forced the hill states to pay tribute to them. Ranjit Singh deposed the hill princes, including the more powerful Kangra ruler, Sansar Chand Katoch, but spared Chamba, given that the Wazir Nathu of Chamba had been important as an ambassador in negotiations with Katoch in 1809 and had saved his life in 1817 by succumbing his horse to King Singh to escape during a winter campaign in Kashmir. 
In 1845, the Sikh army invaded the British territory. The result was disastrous, with the British defeating the army, leaving Chamba in a poor position. Wazir Bagha of Chamba was important in negotiations in its aftermath, and the Rajas of Chamba, on the advice of Bagha, agreed to the British suzerainty as part of Jammu and Kashmir in favour of an annuity of Rs 12,000. The Treaty of Lahore was signed in 1846, in which the Rajas agreed to ceding the territory of Chamba district. From then on, relations with the British were cordial, and all of the Rajas of Chamba under the British rule, Sri Singh, Gopal Singh, Sham Singh, Bhuri Singh, Ram Singh, and Laxman Singh, were on good terms with the British army officers. 
Many progressive reforms and developments were made in Chamba under the British. In 1863, the first Post office was established in Chamba and a daily mail service and a primary school. In December, 1866, a hospital was opened by Doctor Elmslie of the Kashmir Medical Mission. In the late 1860s two new roads to Dalhousie via Kolri and Khajiar were built. Gopal Singh, who ruled from 1870 to 1873, after abdicating, was responsible for building the grand Jandarighat Palace as his summer residence. 
After India becoming an independent nation in August 1947, the princely state of Chamba finally merged with India on April 15, 1948 along with the other princedoms of Mandi-Suket State, Sirmour State and all of those in the Shimla hills.
Geography and climate.
Chamba is the headquarters of the Chamba district, bordered by Jammu and Kashmir to the north-west and west, the Ladakh area of Jammu and Kashmir and Lahaul and Bara Banghal to the north-east and east, Kangra to the south-east and Gurdaspur district of Punjab to the south. It has an average elevation of .
The town, the district and the valley where the town is located, share the name of Chamba. The town of Chamba is located at the junction of Ravi River and its tributary, the Sal River, with the Shah Madar hill forming the backdrop on its eastern side. The Ravi flows in east-west direction forming deep canyons. During the spring and summer months, the levels of the river rise significantly from snow melt and pose a flooding risk. Record levels were experienced in early July 2005, when the National Hydroelectric Power Corporation was forced to shut down the power generation on its 300-MW Chamera Power Station.
Located on the right bank of the Ravi river valley, built on successive flat terraces, the town is bounded topographically by the Dhauladhar and Zanskar ranges, south of the inner Himalayas. Chamba, despite its hill location, is well connected by road to the rest of the state and country, including Shimla, Delhi and Chandigarh along several routes. The nearest broad gauge railway stations are at Chakki Bank and Pathankot, the latter of which is away by road.
The temperatures in summer vary between and and in winter: and . The maximum temperature recorded in summer is and the minimum temperature in winter is . Climatically March to June is said to be the best period to visit Chamba, which is a well known hill station. The average annual rainfall in the town is .
Demographics.
Away from the urban centre, the tribal people of Chamba are divided into two major groups; the Gujjars and the Gaddis. The Gujjars, mainly nomads, came to Chamba across the state border from Kashmir along the trade routes. They belong to nomadic herdsmen of the Islamic community, and travel to lowland Punjab in the autumn with their livestock to avoid the harsh winter of the Chamba hills. Their features are middle-eastern and have a distinct language and culture aloof from the main town.
The Gaddis comprise several ethnic groups; namely the Brahmans, Rajputs, Thakkurs, Rathis and the Khatris, who form the majority. They are agricultural peoples, and the name "Gaddi" means "shepherd". They mainly inhabit an area of the Chamba district in the Dhaula Dhar mountains, known as Brahmaur Wazarat or "Gadaran", located between Chamba and Kangra. "Gadar" means sheep, so their land is informally referred to as "Gadaran", literally meaning "sheep country". They are believed to have come to Chamba in the 10th century, although an influx of Gaddi people migrated to Chamba from Lahore in the 18th century, during the Mughal Empire. They are said to practice animism combined with the worship of Lord Siva.
Administration.
There have been a total of 67 rajas who have ruled Chamba district since the Principality of Bharmour was established in the 6th century, beginning with Raja Maru. Indeed it is believed to have been an isolated case in the history of India that the Chamba kingdom remained independent without interference for over 1000 years. Before Raja Sahila Varman, however, the territorial extent of the state of Chamba was ill-defined and was more a loosely based territory, marked by disunity. Chamba state was run by Ranas, petty rulers who were allocated locally governed areas known as "fiefdoms" and treated them as their own virtually independent kingdoms. It wasn't until the reign of Sahila Varman that these Raja lords were subjugated and the district of Chamba was consolidated formally as a unified entity. The rajas of the Chamba Kingdom, ruling from the capital in Chamba divided the kingdom into 5 "mandalas", later termed "wazarats". These sub-territories consisted of Chamba, Bharmour, Bhatti, Churah and Pangi.
Landmarks and cityscape.
The city layout can be distinctly demarcated into two zones; namely the 'Old Town' before the British introduced their urban architectural styles and the British period of contemporary monuments, bridges and buildings. In a study of the architecture of Chamba, instituted by the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH), with the objective of conserving and restoring individual heritage buildings, it has been observed that the urban architecture of Chamba evolved under three distinct phases. The first phase from 930, dating from the Rajput dynasty establishing the capital at Chamba until 1846, the second phase during the British period; and the third phase constituting the post independent period after its merger with the Indian Union in April 1948.
Monuments built prior to 1846.
Buildings in Chamba were traditionally constructed using local materials. Buildings were made out of dry stone masonry, with the walls and floors of the older houses plastered with a concoction of clay and cow-dung. Thick wooden beams were used to support the walls, paying attention to durability and to withstand earthquakes, and wooden cantilever construction was often used to support the verandas. The staircases and doors were made from wood, with the doors often decorated in religious reliefs and flanked by two lamps to light it at night. Before the arrival of the British, who introduced slate roofs to Chamba, roofs were covered with planks, coated in clay. Few of these houses remiain today, although a number still have wood-clay roofs in villages in the suburbs.
The old heritage monuments, which are palaces and temples are located in the old town (east of the Chaugans), on the lower slopes of Shah Madar hill. They were built in the lower valley where the two rivers and steep thickly forested hillsides provided a strong defense. Located here is the 10th century Champavati Temple, said to have marked the birth of the town, the Lakshmi Narayan group of temples (built from 10th-19th century), the 10th century Sita Ram Temple, Bansi Gopal temple, Kharura Mohalla and Hari Rai temple, the 11th century Sui Mata Temple and Chamunda Devi Temple, and the Akhand Chandi palace, overlooking the Chaugan, which has since been converted into a college. Additions were made to the palace in the form of the Zenana Mahal and the Rang Mahal in the 18th century. The temples built in Chamba demonstrate a strong Kashmiri influence with their stone temple architecture and temple iconography. Given their age however, only their unicellular layout with fluted pillars has been retained.
Champavati Temple.
This temple was built by Raja Sahil Varman in memory of his daughter Champavati. The temple, located near the Police Post and the Treasury building, is built in the Shikhara style, with intricate stone carvings. It has a wheel roof and is large as the Laxmi Narayan Temple. An idol of the goddess Mahishasuramardini (Durga) is worshipped in the temple. The walls of the temple are full of exquisite stone sculptures. On account of its historical and archeological importance, the temple is maintained by the Archeological Survey of India.
Champavati Temple, located in the heart of the city of Chamba, is a pilgrim destination for many Hindus. It is named after Champavati, the daughter of King Sahil Varman, the founder of the temple. The temple holds great historical and religious relevance for many Hindus. Champavati Temple enshrines an idol of Goddess Mahisasuramardini, the avatar of Goddess Durga. According to the legend, the daughter of King Sahil Varman Champavati was a religious person and used to visit temples and sadhu’s ashrams regularly.
The king, after getting suspicious of her actions, once followed her to a sadhu’s place, with a dagger in his cloak. Once he reached the ashram, he found that there was no one inside. To his surprise, both the sadhu and his daughter Champavati had vanished. When he was about to return, he heard a voice saying that his daughter had been taken away as a punishment of his suspicion. The voice also asked him to build a temple, on the name of his daughter Champavati, if he wanted to avoid further familial calamities. 
The king ordered the construction of the Champavati Temple. Now, the temple is under the Archeological Survey of India, for its historical and archeological importance. The major attraction of the temple is its Shikhara style architecture. Stone carved walls, full with sculptures, make the temple an attractive tourist spot. The temple has a large wheel on the rooftop, which adores it and makes it a distinguished temple in North India. The Champavati Temple is often compared with Laxmi Narayan Temple, in its grandeur.
Lakshmi Narayan temples.
The Lakshmi Narayan temples complex, devoted to the Vaishnavite sect, includes the main Lakshmi Narayan temple, built in the 10th century by Raja Sahil Verman. It has been built to suit the local climatic conditions with wooden chatries and has a shikara, and a sanctum sanctorum (Garbhagriha), with an antarala and a mantapa. A metallic image of Garuda, the vahana (mount) of Vishnu is installed on the "dwajastamba" pillar at the main gate of the temple. In 1678, Raja Chhatra Singh adorned the temple roof with gold plated pinnacles, as a riposte to Auranagzeb, who had ordered demolition of this temple.
Chamunda Devi Temple.
Chamunda Devi Temple is located in a prominent position on the spur of Shah Madar range of hills, opposite to the Chamba town. It was built by Raja Umed Singh, and was completed in 1762. It is the only wooden temple with gabled roof (single storied) in Chamba, while all others in the town are built from stone in the north Indian Nagara architectural style.
In the past, the temple was accessed through a stone paved steep path laid with 378 steps, but it is now approached by a motorable road. The temple, a trabeated structure, is built on a high raised plinth, buttressed on all four sides, and has a rectangular layout on the outside. It exterior measures x , the inner square sanctum measures x and has a parikrama path (circumambulatory path) of around the perimeter.
There is a mandap in the foreground of the temple of x size with an agni-kund or fire pit in the centre and a gable roof covered with slates. The mandapa has carvings in wood in its multi paneled ceiling with reliefs of human figures on the pillars and brackets. Votive bells are provided in the mandap entrance and it has a Nagari inscription, which records it as the offering from Pandit Vidhadhara to the goddess Chamunda deified in the temple on April 2, 1762, the date when the temple was consecrated.
Akhand Chandi Palace.
The Akhand Chandi Palace, noted for its distinct green roof, was built by Raja Umed Singh between 1747 and 1765 and used as his residence. Later, Raja Sham Singh refurbished it with the assistance of British engineers. In 1879, the Darbar Hall (also named 'Marshal Hall' after the builder) was built. Raja Bhuri Singh added the Zenana Mahal (residence of Royal ladies). The building was exemplary of the fusion of Mughal and British architectural influences. In 1958, the Royal family of Chamba sold the palace to the Government of Himachal Pradesh, who in turn converted it into a Government College and District Library. Maintenance of the attractive palace, however, which has painted walls and glass work and intricate woodwork, has not been satisfactory, due to the lack of funds allocated to refurbish it. The palace provides scenic views of the Chaugan, Laxmi Narayana Temple, Sui Mata, Chamunda Devi Temple, Rang Mehal, Hari Rai Temple and Bansi Gopal Temple.
Monuments built after 1846.
In the second half of the nineteenth century, the British administration drew up an urban plan for the development of Chamba. They laid emphasis on the building of civic buildings around the Chaugan to conceal the unorthodox structural layout of the residential complexes. The western oriented development programme grew particularly active after the arrival of Major Blair Reid in January 1863, during the reign of Raja Shri Singh. The next fourteen years in particular, until his retirement in March 1877, were characterised by large scale building projects in Chamba, with Reid fully revising the administrative and revenue departments of Chamba and reorganizing the state machinery to make development more efficient.
Orderly new building complexes with "simple visual discipline with white plastered walls, lancer arch windows, cornices, sloping sheet roofs, wooden eaves and deep verandahs were planned and built". Road communications were dramatically improved, with the approach road to the town being diverted, to provide a way for vehicular traffic to enter from the western end of the chaugan. A cabled suspension bridge was built across the Ravi River in the lower outskirts of the town, and many important public welfare projects were started, and well as many temples, gates, gardens and churches between 1863 and 1910. Notable works built during the colonial period include the temples in the Jansali Bazar, Gandhi Gate (Curzon Gate), Shiva Temple, the Chaugans, the Police Lines, the Church of Scotland, the Shyam Singh Hospital (built in 1891), Chamba Library, the Post Office building, Bhuri Singh Museum, the State Forces barracks, and the administrative buildings of the British period. Today, architectural materials have evolved considerably since ancient times and reinforced concrete structures are rapidly changing the skyline of the town.
Chaugan.
The Chaugan (a Sanskrit word meaning: “four sided”) is the nucleus of all activity in Chamba, surrounded by impressive administrative buildings and a shopping arcade built during the British period, with the old Akhand Chandi palace standing nearby. It has a terraced grass green, and is exceptionally large for a hill station, measuring length and width. In 1890, the British converted five small chaugans into a single chaugan for use as an esplanade and sports complex, and today it is commonly used for cricket matches, picnics and promenades during the mid summer months. During the annual ‘Minjar Mela’ fair, the entire ground becomes a flea market. After the Dussera festival, the grounds are closed to the public until April, for maintenance purposes.
Church of Scotland.
The Church of Scotland, a Presbyterian Church, known as 'St. Andrew’s Church', was established by the first missionary in Chamba, the Reverend William Ferqueen, who served there between 1863 and 1873. The foundation stone for building the new church was laid by the Raja of Chamba on 17 February 1899, in the presence of the Scottish reverend Dr. M’Clymont who had come from Scotland. The Raja had contributed a generous grant to build the church and ensured that it was exquisitely built in fine stone masonry. The walls are supported by buttresses, and lancer arch windows provide the light and ventilation. Several schools are run by the Mission located within the church precincts.
Bhuri Singh Museum.
The Bhuri Singh Museum at Chamba was established on September 14, 1908 in honour of the raja at the time, Raja Bhuri Singh, who ruled Chamba from 1904 to 1919. J. Ph. Vogel, an eminent indologist, and expert on the history of Chamba state, proposed the museum to preserve a number of valuable inscriptions, mostly in Sarda script, which contained some rare information about the medieval history of Chamba; the parasites of Sarahan, Devi-ri-kothi and mul Kihar are still preserved in the museum. Bhuri Singh donated his family collection of paintings to the museum, including royal portraits which ranged from Basohli to Guler-Kangra in style, and embroidered Pahari miniatures. Numerous artifacts, important to the heritage of Chamba were added, including coins, hill jewelry and royal and tradiitional costumes, arms and armour, musical instruments and other items. The current museum was built in 1975 in concrete.
Culture.
Arts.
Chamba miniature paintings.
Chamba is noted for its miniature Pahari paintings, where Basohli style of Pahari paintings took roots with Nikku, the artist of Basohli migrating from Guler to Chamba in the eighteenth century. Raja Udai Singh and Raja Jai Singh patronized this school of painting. During the reign of Raja Charhat Singh, folk art developed and had a lasting influence on local artists. The paintings of Chamba encompass both miniatures and murals and the Mughal influence is clearly discerned in these paintings. Distinguished artists of Chamba who have painted in this art form include Lehru, Durga and Miyan Jara Singh. The paintings were generally painted with Hindu religious themes, particularly the legends of Hindu mythology such as Radha Krishna, Shiva-Parvati, Rama Darbar, Yashoda and Krishna, Gopis, love scenes, deer, birds and women, Daya Saptashati and Krishna - Sudama. Romantic ambiance of the monsoon season in Chamba has also been painted by the artists of Pahari miniature art, in various moods and styles in Basholi colours. They are displayed in the museums at Chamba and also at Shimla and Dharamsala.
Handicrafts and musical instruments.
Chamba is an important centre for the making of traditional handicrafts, and the town has numerous small workshops maintained by the artisans. Many of the items produced are exquisite and lavish, testament to the towns' aristocratic heritage.
Casting metalware in Chamba is an ancient tradition, dating back to the Bronze Age period, with items typically made out of copper or brass, and also iron, especially in the traditional making of implements and weapons by blacksmiths. Of particular note in this trade are the large plaques with reliefs, commonly used for wall decoration. The temple cupolas in Chamba district are often furnished with copper and brass items made in Chamba and often the golden kalasha or vessel crowning them is produced here.
Chamba has its own unique traditional system of men’s and women’s foot wares. The foot wares were originally made from locally produced leather but is today transported to Chamba from the south of India. Women's foot wares are embroidered as are the "vegetarian" foot wares which are purposefully made without leather for use in places where leather is prohibited for religious reasons. Handkerchiefs and shawls are also made in abundance in Chamba. Traditionally handspun, they are designed in such a way as to make both sides of the cloth look identical, and are beautifully embroidered. Chamba shawls are woven on hand looms in wool and typically have a bright border in a traditional design. A similar woven design is used for making caps. 
Traditional jewellery is made in gold and silver in Chamba as its pottery, typically kitchenware, utensils and earthen pots. Given Chamba's history of new immigration from other parts of the country and Tibet, a variety of influences can be seen in the pieces of jewellery that are produced in Chamba. Chamba is also noted for its wood carvings, which, like the metalware is often used for iconography in temples, such as Chamunda Devi. A “Nagara”, a form of kettle drum is produced in Chamba as are cymbals, bells and "Singa” or "Ransinga" (horns) produced in both straight and curved styles. Other instruments include Shankh, Nad, Beiunsuli, Saihna, Nag Pheni, Thali Ghada, Bhana, Karnal, Pohol, Dhons, Kahal, Kansi, Hasat Ghanta and Drugg.
Festivals, fairs and dances.
Chamba is one of those places where Basohli effect actually reached. Two "melas" or fairs, also known as Jatras, are of particular note in Chamba; "Suhi Mata Mela" and "Minjar Mela". A notable event of such fairs is when the ‘chela’. a subordinate of the deity who is being worshipped goes into a trance and answers the queries and prayers of the devotees.
An important festival held in Chamba is known as the "Suhi Mata Mela". It is held annually in March–April for four days to commemorate the sacrifice made by the queen of Chamba with her life, to bring water to the town. The legend associated with this festival and the Sui Mata temple, built in memory of the queen (wife of Raja Sahil Varman), relates to the sacrifice she made to fulfill a prophesy in a dream, which said that water from the Sarota stream could only be accessed through an aqueduct if the queen or her son was sacrificed. Rather than kill her own son she sacrificed her own life for the town. To commemorate this event, women and children take a lead role in the festival. An image of Champavati, with banners of the Rajput solar emblem, are taken by them in a procession, dancing and singing, through the Chaugan to the Suhi Mata temple. 
Another popular festival held in Chamba is the "Minjar Mela", held on the second Sunday of the Shravana month, corresponding to the month of August in the Gregorian calendar. It marks the triumph of the Raja of Chamba over the ruler of Trigarta (now called as Kangra), in 935 AD and also celebrates the paddy and maize crops grown at this time of the year. The festival commences with offerings of 'minjar', consisting of a bunch of paddy plant and golden silk wrapped in red fabric. The offerings also include a rupee, a seasonal fruit, and a coconut. This occasion is also celebrated with a flag hoisting ceremony at the Chaugan that initiates a week of cultural and social programmes. The image of the deity, Lord Raghuvira, and more than 200 other deities, are taken in a procession, in a chariot pulled by ropes. Folk dances and music performances known as 'Kunjari Malhar' are part of the festivities. On the last day of the festival, a parade is held from the Akhand Chandi Palace to Ravi River, where offerings are made to the river. This commemorates an event in which Raja Sahil Verman changed the course of the river, to make the Hari Rai temple accessible to all devotees.
Chamba and the surrounding district have many local customs in dancing, illustrating the differences in geographical, anthropological and social cultures and religious beliefs in the area. A solo dance or a dance of two people such as the "Pharati" or "Khad-dumbi" is commonly performed during the "Nuwala" ceremony and other important occasions, such as marriages etc. and the "Dangri" and "Sikri" are said to be of note. Notable male dances include the Gaddi and Gujjar dances, "Dandaras", "Nat", "Ghorda", "Nachan", "Dharumsde", the "Khad-dumbi" and the "Chhinjhati". Notable female dances include the "Ghurei", "Dangi" and "Kikli", whilst dances such as the "Shain", "Dhamal", "Sohal", "Sal Kukdi Nachan", "Ratege" and "Til-Chauti" are performed by both sexes. Several forms of masked dance are also performed in Chamba, such as the "Chhatradhi Jatar".
Costumes.
Ancient people of Chamba were known to have worn a fine woolen blanket or "chadar" around the waist, to keep warm in the cold climate. It was often tied or girdled with a band or "patka", as evidenced by some archaeological discoveries in the area depicting this fashion. The Gaddi people have traditionally worn white embroidered caps and loose-fitting white woolen garments known as a "chola", tied around the waist with a black wool rope. A local custom in Chamba was to give the Jogi of the Natha sect a cotton "maikhal" sheet to wear over the head during the "Nuwala" ceremony to honour Lord Siva. Chamba and the surrounding district have been well documented as being a producer of fine cloth and embroidered dresses for centuries.
Given the history of migrants arriving in Chamba from across Kashmir and Tibet over the centuries, today Chamba has a variety of traditional dresses, defined by the region to which they belong. The most traditional dress worn by Hindu women, on special occasions, is the "pashwaj". "Pashwaj" is a gown with a short bodice (blouse) covering up to the waist. A shirt is worn, below which the dress falls in many folds, nearly touching the ground. The typical casual dress though, however, is a "pairahan", with a "chadar" or "dupatta" (stoll) worn over the head. The lower half of the body is covered by a pyjama, known as a "suthan".
Muslim women also generally wear similar dresses as the Hindu women. However, the one difference is that the tunic they wear is considerably shorter, just touching the knee. They don a small vest called a "angi", worn beneath the bodice. A small shirt or kurta is also common. Hindu men wear an "angrakha", long tunic that touches the knees. A cloth waist-band and tight fitting pajama and a small "pagri" (top hat) worn on top of the head completes their ensemble.
Music of Chamba.
Devotional songs known as 'Ainchali' are sung throughout the night. The 'Chella' is summoned who goes into a Tranceas soon as the sacrifices are referred to Lord Shiva. He is said to be possessed of the Lord himself. He answers the questions put to him by members of the family and their friends.
Chambyal (people of Chamba) enjoy traditional folk music of their area. This consists of folk songs, dances and folk lores and these are accompanied by various musical instruments. Their love for folk music is evident from their keen interest in folk music which is different from that of other regions. Folk songs of Gaddis can be categorized as marriage songs, festivity songs, love songs.
Marriage Songs
The theme of the marriage songs is mostly related to the selection of groom and the girl's wishes regarding it. The songs which are sung at the time of wedding ceremony are known as 'Charlai' and these songs depict that the relatives of the bride and groom seek the blessings from the God. 
Festivity Songs
Chambyals celebrate many fairs and festivals with great pump and show. They sing many songs which are usually accompanied by folk dances. Major folk songs are - 'Sukart and Ghanihar', 'Kunjadi Malhar' during Minjar Mela, 'Ainchali' on Nuala, songs related to Baisakhi at the time of 'Basoa' and 'Kunjadi' songs of the rainy season are sung during Patroru festival.
Love Songs 
These songs are of Shrinagar rasa. Mostly the feelings of separation, hard life of Gaddis, their social bindings and the tales of sacrifice, unsuccessful love etc. are depicted through these songs. Famous Love songs are, 'Kunju and Chanchlo', 'Phulmu and Ranjhu', 'Raja Gaddan' and 'Bhunku Gaddi' that are very popular among the city and the state.
Major notable music artists and producers at Chamba are Late Sh. Sher Singh, Karnail Rana, Prakash Bhardwaj,Kakku Ram etc.
Further reading.
978-3-8473-3461-3.

</doc>
<doc id="5890974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5890974" title="Schüller">
Schüller

Schüller is an "Ortsgemeinde" – a municipality belonging to a "Verbandsgemeinde", a kind of collective municipality – in the Vulkaneifel district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the "Verbandsgemeinde" of Obere Kyll, whose seat is in the municipality of Jünkerath.
Geography.
Location.
The municipality lies in the Vulkaneifel, a part of the Eifel known for its volcanic history, geographical and geological features, and even ongoing activity today, including gases that sometimes well up from the earth.
History.
The village’s beginnings apparently lie in a Roman military post named "Scolinaria" on a road leading from Steffeln by way of Glaadt to Cologne. It may well have been a forward post of the Roman castrum of "Icorigium" (now Jünkerath).
On 19 September 855, Schüller had its first documentary mention as "Sconilare". It was the last document issued by Carolingian Emperor Lothair I, coming mere days before his death, and it dealt with the partition of his empire among his three sons.
Until the 14th century, there is hardly any mention of Schüller. In 1586, Schüller was supposedly held as a fief by the Lord of Schönberg and Hartelstein. Hugo Augustin von Schönberg pledged the village in 1609 to Count Arnold of Manderscheid-Blankenheim. In 1727, Schüller was under the Lordship of Kronenburg.
Following the 1795 Peace of Basel after the War of the First Coalition, Schüller passed to the French Department of Ourthe, but not long afterwards, in 1815, as a result of the War of the Sixth Coalition, it passed to Prussia.
Today, Schüller is a small, typical Eifel village; there is hardly any commercial activity and only the odd full-time farmer. Several artists, however, have come to live in the village, among others, Georg Meistermann.
Politics.
Municipal council.
The council is made up of 8 council members, who were elected by majority vote at the municipal election held on 7 June 2009, and the honorary mayor as chairman.
Mayor.
Schüller’s mayor is Guido Heinzen.
Coat of arms.
The German blazon reads: "Schild, neunfach von Silber und Blau geteilt, in der Mitte ein silberner Pfahl, darin ein aufgerichtetes, blaues Schwert mit goldenem Griff."
The municipality’s arms might in English heraldic language be described thus: Barry of ten argent and azure, a pale of the first upon which a sword of the second hilted Or, the point to chief.
Interesting here is that German heraldic terminology calls the field pattern "neunfach … geteilt" (“"nine"fold divided”) and English heraldic terminology calls it “barry of "ten"”.

</doc>
<doc id="5891024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891024" title="Robert M. Widney">
Robert M. Widney

Robert Maclay Widney (December 23, 1838 – November 14, 1929) was an American lawyer, judge, and a founding father of the University of Southern California. 
He was born in Piqua, Ohio. He was the older brother of Dr. Joseph Widney, second president of the University of Southern California, and the nephew of Robert Samuel Maclay, a pioneer missionary to China; and Charles Maclay, later a state senator for California.
Maclay left Ohio in September 1855 and spent two years hunting and trapping on the great plains and in the Rocky Mountains, arriving at last in California in September 1857. He studied at the University of the Pacific (then located in Santa Clara) from 1858 to 1862. He was admitted to the bar in 1865, and moved to Los Angeles in 1867. In 1871, he was named a judge of the Court of California for Los Angeles and San Bernardino Counties. He was a founder of the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce (established in 1873). In 1874 he began the first successful rail transit company in Los Angeles, building a horsecar line from The Plaza to 6th and Pearl (now Figueroa Street) Streets. He was a Republican.
Los Angeles was a frontier town in the early 1870s, when a group of public-spirited citizens led by Judge Robert Maclay Widney first dreamed of establishing a university in the region. It took nearly a decade for this vision to become a reality, but in 1879 Widney formed a board of trustees and secured a donation of 308 lots of land from three prominent members of the community — Ozro W. Childs, a Protestant horticulturist; former California governor John G. Downey, an Irish-Catholic pharmacist and businessman; and Isaias W. Hellman, a German-Jewish banker and philanthropist. The gift provided land for a campus as well as a source of endowment, the seeds of financial support for the nascent institution.
Robert M. Widney is interred in Angelus-Rosedale Cemetery, Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="5891035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891035" title="Ozro W. Childs">
Ozro W. Childs

Ozro Childs (1824–1890) was a Protestant horticulturalist, merchant, and banker in the 19th century in Los Angeles, California. He was a founding father of the University of Southern California.
Early years.
Ozro W. Childs was born in Sutton, Vermont, in 1824, and received his early education there. His father was a farmer, while one of his grandfathers was a town minister. Like many young people in Vermont, he left for the West, first for Ohio, where he earned his living as a schoolteacher. While there, he learned the tinsmith’s trade.
Northern California.
After the discovery of gold in California, he resolved to try his luck in the gold fields. He traveled down the Mississippi to New Orleans, and boarded a ship for Nicaragua; he crossed the Central American peninsula, where he and his fellow passengers endured great hardship, because the promised ship for California did not arrive. 
After some delay, he took another ship, and arrived in San Francisco in August, 1850, where he set off for the mines. However, he did not know that coastal Northern California is very foggy in the winter and summer. The weather aggravated the asthma that would eventually kill him. So, he and a man named Hicks took a ship south, arriving at the San Pedro Bay harbor.
Southern California.
They walked from San Pedro into the small Pueblo de Los Angeles, and decided to set up a tinsmithing and hardware store. An existing merchant sold them his entire stock on credit. After a few years, Childs was able to buy out his partner, and eventually left the trade with $40,000 in his pocket. Not long afterward, he obtained the contract to build an extension of the Zanja Madre, a canal system to bring water to the fields south of the pueblo. He was paid in land in that area – all now within present day Downtown Los Angeles - from Sixth to Ninth, and Main to Figueroa Street.
This property was the foundation of his fortune. He built a substantial house at 10th and Main, then a half-mile from town center, and on his property took up planting. In his day, Ozro Childs was Los Angeles’s most prominent plantsman, with a Plant nursery.
Farmers and Merchants Bank.
Ozro Childs also invested, largely in land and commercial enterprises, often with Isaias W. Hellman as a partner. Their most significant and long-term success was the Farmers and Merchants Bank of Los Angeles, which included some of the town’s most prominent citizens as additional investors. Their conservative lending practices allowed the bank to ride out every panic and depression. The Farmers and Merchants Bank was bought by Security Pacific in 1956, and after various mergers it is now within Bank of America.
University of Southern California.
Childs was also involved in philanthropic work. When Judge Robert Maclay Widney set out to create a university in Los Angeles in the 1870s, he received assistance from donors including Childs. In 1879, Childs contributed a considerable amount of land to the founding of the University of Southern California, which opened in 1880.
He died at his Los Angeles Main Street home in 1890, leaving six living children (out of ten) and a widow who survived him by over 40 years.
Los Angeles Common Council.
Childs was elected to the Los Angeles Common Council, the governing body of the city, on December 6, 1869, and resigned on January 13, 1870.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5891041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891041" title="Wang Jingjiu">
Wang Jingjiu

Wang Jingjiu or Wang Ching-chiu (王敬久) (1902–1968) was a general in China's National Revolutionary Army. He commanded the 87th Division and was engaged in the Chinese Civil War and suppressing the Chahar People's Anti-Japanese Army in 1933. His Division became one of the Chinese-German trained Divisions forme in 1936-37. It fought under the 71st Corps at the Battle of Shanghai and Battle of Nanking. The following year he commanded 25th Corps in the Battle of Wuhan and in the Battle of Nanchang in 1939. He later commanded the 10th Army Group in the Battle of Zhejiang-Jiangxi of 1942, Western Hubei Campaign of 1943, and Western Hunan Campaign of 1945. 
Military Career

</doc>
<doc id="5891042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891042" title="Isaias W. Hellman">
Isaias W. Hellman

Isaias Wolf Hellman (October 3, 1842 – April 9, 1920) was a German-born American banker and philanthropist, and a founding father of the University of Southern California.
Biography.
Born in Reckendorf, Bavaria, to a German Jewish family, Hellman and his brother Herman W. arrived in the Los Angeles, California on May 14, 1859 to join their cousins. Hellman went to work as a clerk in his cousins' dry goods store. He opened his own dry goods store in April 1865.
Hellman became Los Angeles' first banker almost by accident. As a courtesy, he stored his customers' gold and valuables in a safe. One day, Hellman got into an altercation with a customer who had been coming in and out of the store gloriously drunk, withdrawing gold each time from a pouch stored in the safe. When the man sobered up, he was angry to discover he had spent most of his funds, and he lunged at Hellman. That interaction prompted Hellman to stop his informal banking operations. He got slips printed up that said I.W. Hellman, Banker, and started buying people's funds and issuing deposit books.
On September 1, 1868, Hellman and Temple founded Hellman, Temple and Co., the fledgling city’s second official bank. In 1871, Hellman and John G. Downey, a former governor of California, formed the Farmers and Merchants Bank of Los Angeles, which became Los Angeles' first successful bank. Hellman lent the money that allowed Harrison Gray Otis to buy the "Los Angeles Times" and Edward Doheny and Charles A. Canfield to drill for oil.
Hellman was also a major investor in trolley lines, putting in funds in 1874 to start the Main Street and Agricultural Park Railway, which traveled from the Plaza, the heart of Los Angeles's downtown, to Agricultural Park, a popular horse-racing track. Hellman eventually invested in many of the city's rail lines and with Henry Huntington formed the Los Angeles Railway in 1898 and the Pacific Electric Railway in 1901.
Hellman was also a major investor in Los Angeles's water, gas and electricity companies, and helped bring Southern Pacific Railroad to Los Angeles in 1876, which ended the isolation of the region. He was president of B'nai B'rith in 1872 when the congregation built the city's first temple on Fort Street. In 1870, his cousin Isaiah M. Hellman was elected City Treasurer.
Hellman was also a major landowner in Southern California and his holdings included numerous city lots and vast swaths of former rancho land. In 1871, he and a syndicate bought the Rancho Cucamonga. In 1881, Hellman and members of the Bixby family purchased the Rancho Los Alamitos (now home to Long Beach and Seal Beach). He also purchased the Repetto Ranch (now Montebello) with Harris Newmark and Kaspare Cohn. Hellman and Downey also bought up swaths of Rancho San Pedro from the Dominguez family. Hellman also owned much of Boyle Heights with William H. Workman.
In 1879, Judge Robert Maclay Widney established a board of trustees to create a new university. Hellman joined the businessman Ozro W. Childs and the former Governor of California John G. Downey in donating valuable land and an endowment to found the University of Southern California.
In 1881, Hellman was appointed a Regents of the University of California to fill the unexpired term of D.O. Mills. He was reappointed twice and served until 1918.
In 1890, Hellman moved to San Francisco to take over the Nevada Bank, which had been formed in 1875 by four men known as the Silver Kings: John MacKay, James Flood, William O'Brien and James Fair. While the bank had once had $10 million in capitalization, it was almost broke by the time Hellman took over. When word got out about Hellman's involvement, millionaires and capitalists from around the world applied to buy stock. Hellman had $15 million in applications but only $2.5 million in stock to sell. Two of the biggest shareholders included Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers ($150,000) and Levi Strauss ($120,000). Other shareholders included men Hellman had grown up with in Reckendorf who had become important businessmen in their own right, including Kalman, Abraham and William Haas, and David Walter.
In 1893, Hellman incorporated the first trust company in California, the Union Trust Company. He was president of the Nevada Bank from 1890 to 1898 and the Nevada National Bank from 1898 to 1905. In 1897, Hellman bought a large parcel of land next to Lake Tahoe where he built a mansion in 1903. He named it Pine Lodge after the sugar pines that dotted the property. His family later sold this land to the state of California, which made the property into Sugar Pine Point State Park.
He also purchased the Nacimiento Ranch near Paso Robles and stocked it with cattle and horses. In 1905, Hellman merged the Nevada National Bank with Wells Fargo Bank to form the Wells Fargo Nevada National Bank. After the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, the bank was run out of the home of Hellman's son in law at 2020 Jackson Street while the destroyed headquarters was rebuilt.
At the height of his power, Hellman served as president or director of seventeen banks along the Pacific Coast and controlled $100 million in capital.
Family life.
He married Esther Newgass of New York on April 14, 1870. Her sister, Babette, was married to Mayer Lehman, one of the founders of Lehman Brothers. The couple had three children, including son Isaias William Hellman, Jr., Clara, and Florence.
Legacy.
At his death in 1920, Hellman was considered the leading financier of the Pacific Coast. His son and grandson, Isaias Warren Hellman, later became presidents of Wells Fargo Bank. The Union Trust Company was merged with Wells Fargo after his death and the original Farmers and Merchants Bank later merged with Security First National Bank.
Biographies of Hellman include "Towers of Gold: How One Jewish Immigrant Named Isaias Hellman Created California", by Frances Dinkelspiel, his great-great-granddaughter. The 2008 book was on the "San Francisco Chronicle" bestseller list for five weeks and was reviewed favorably in the publication.

</doc>
<doc id="5891047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891047" title="D12 discography">
D12 discography

D12, an American hip-hop group, has released 2 studio albums and eight singles. Their music has been released on record label Interscope Records, along with subsidiary Shady Records. D12 has sold over four million albums in the United States; and has earned three platinum certifications from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). In this discography, music videos and collaborations are included as well.
D12's debut album "Devil's Night" was released in 2001. The album reached the number one spot on the "Billboard" 200 and reached the top spot on various charts internationally. The album received a platinum certification from the RIAA and sold almost two million copies in the United States.
In 2004, D12's second album, "D12 World", debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200, and received two platinum certifications in the United States from the RIAA. The lead single "My Band" became D12's first song to enter in the top ten of the "Billboard" Hot 100. 

</doc>
<doc id="5891053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891053" title="False flax oil">
False flax oil

False flax oil is a pressed seed oil, derived from the "Camelina sativa" or "false flax", also called "gold of pleasure". False flax has long been grown in Europe, and its oil used as a lamp oil until the 18th century. In recent times, its has been explored for use in cosmetic and skin care products.It has a high content of omega-3 and is used as a food supplement by some cultures. In the United States the Food and Drug Administration has not rated the oil for human consumption yet. False flax belongs to the "Brassicaceae" (mustard and cabbage) family, which also contains many other seed oil plants, such as rapeseed oil. It contains 1 - 3% erucic acid.
The seeds contain an average of 37% by weight of oil, and contains the following fatty acids:

</doc>
<doc id="5891087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891087" title="Dalhousie Cantonment">
Dalhousie Cantonment

Dalhousie cantonment is a town in Chamba district in the state of Himachal Pradesh, India.
History.
In the wake of the 1857 War, the Military Department of the Government of India, expanded its survey of lower Himalayas, to identify suitable locations for building ‘sanitaria and cantonments’ for ‘quartering’ British soldiers and military units. The move to locate cantonments in ‘cool and healthy hill stations’ was justified on strategic, and health grounds. In the following decade several cantonments, including in Balun(Dalhousie), Bakloh, Chakrata, Ranikhet, in the western lower Himalayas, were established. In 1863 it was decided that one third of the British troops in India should be located in the hill station cantonments. By the 1890s almost twenty five percent of the British troops in India were located in hill stations.
The Cantonment area in Dalhousie is called Baloon, also spelt as Balun. Dalhousie was first surveyed in 1853, and was acquired as a convalescent depot for "European troops", in 1866, the same year as Bakloh was acquired as a "Goorkha Cantonment", from the Raja of Chamba. In 1868, British troops moved into barracks in Baloon. By 1878 an 18 foot road connected the new cantonment to the plains.
In August 1954, during the Dalhousie centenary celebrations, Jawahar Lal Nehru, the Prime Minister of India, visited Baloon, Dalhousie Cantonment. He was accompanied by Lt General Kalwant Singh, General Officer Commanding in Chief, Western Command.
Cantonment Board.
Dalhousie cantonment was established in 1867. It has been classified as a category IV Cantonment by Director General of Defence estates. The cantonment board, which is responsible for the management of the cantonment, consists of 4 members, including 2 elected members.Brig. GPS Sandhu, VSM, Commander 323 Infantry Brigade, is the President of the Cantonment Board.
The cantonment board runs a primary school( 24 students), a small hospital(2 beds), and a guest house.
Churches.
There are four churches in Dalhousie. St. Andrew's Church and St. Patrick's Church, are located in Balun, Dalhousie Cantonment.
Geography.
Dalhousie is located at . It has an average elevation of 1954 metres (6410 feet).
Location.
Dalhousie Cantonment is 485 km from Delhi, 52 km from Chamba, 23 km from Khajjiar, and 80 km from Pathankot, the closest railhead. The nearest airport is at Gaggal in Kangra, at a distance of 135 km.
Demographics.
According to the 2001 India census, Dalhousie cantonment had a population of 1962. Males constitute 56% of the population and females 44%. Dalhousie has an average literacy rate of 76%, higher than the national average of 65.38%. Male literacy is 79% and, female literacy is 72%. In Dalhousie, 14% of the population is under 6 years of age. Dalhousie is a very popular tourist destination with its most popular attraction is the Khajjar Valley.
External links.
Indian Army Facilities|url=http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/india/army-fac.htm

</doc>
<doc id="5891106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891106" title="N'dambi">
N'dambi

Chonita "N'Dambi" Gilbert (born 1970) is an American soul/jazz singer.
Biography.
N'Dambi is the ninth of eleven children born to a Baptist minister and missionary. Her father was a minister and singer in a quartet group. She got her professional start singing with Gaye Arbuckle, a local gospel singer, touring with Arbuckle for two years (from the ages of 18 to 20). Shortly thereafter she sang as background singer and collaborator with Erykah Badu.
She released three independent albums: "Little Lost Girls Blues", "Tunin' Up & Cosignin'" and "A Weird Kind of Wonderful". As a result of her success as an independent artist, she was signed to the re-activated Stax Records (Concord Music Group) in 2006 and released her 2011 Grammy-nominated album, "Pink Elephant" in 2009.
Her name, "N'dambi" was taken from a Central African language. It means "Most beautiful", N'dambi told "RNation.com". "NDambi" is not uncommon as a name in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Angola. As a model, N'dambi has posed for fashion photographer 
Marc Baptiste.
Albums.
N'dambi delivered her debut solo CD "Little Lost Girl Blues" in 1999. Since then she has released the two-disc set "Tunin' Up & Cosignin", which focused more on a live and jazzy sound and contains new versions of several songs from her debut. After this, in 2005, she released "A Weird Kind of Wonderful", which contained funkier and more rock-influenced tracks. It was released in Japan only, which made it a very sought-after collector's item on eBay. These projects were released independently by N'dambi. Around 2005, she has collaborated with R&B singer Keite Young. Her debut album for the Stax label is called "Pink Elephant" and was released in 2009.
"Little Lost Girls Blues".
N'dambi debut soul album "Little Lost Girls Blues" was recorded in 1996 in Oak Cliff, a community in Dallas. It was independently released in 1999 and went on to receive critical acclaim throughout the world. It sound scanned over 20,000 units and sold over 70,000 units worldwide. The album was primarily marketed via word of mouth lifestyle marketing, press and college radio. 
"Tunin' Up & Co-Siginin'".
This two disc set contains live recordings from "Little Lost Girls Blues" and new recordings. The album was recorded in Dallas with a group of local musicians.
"A Weird Kind of Wonderful".
This album was released in Japan only. It was recorded with a live band in Los Angeles, California. It has a more funk, rock, soul vibe with more influences of Mother's Finest and Tina Turner.
"Pink Elephant".
"Pink Elephant" was recorded in Santa Monica, California with producer Leon Sylvers III. N'dambi insisted the record have a modern sheen yet adhere to the sturdy influence of classic R&B and soul artists like Slave, Heatwave, Michael Jackson, Betty Davis, Isaac Hayes, Smokey Robinson, and The Sylvers. On December 2, 2010, "Pink Elephant" was nominated for a 2011 Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album.

</doc>
<doc id="5891111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891111" title="Maria Cordero">
Maria Cordero

Maria Cordero, MH (肥媽瑪俐亞; Fat Mama Maria) is a singer, actress, TV Host and DJ from Macau. She also has her own cooking show, Maria's Kitchen (肥媽私房菜) on Cable TV. Her fans nicknamed her "Fat Mama" (肥媽; Féi Mā).
Biography.
Maria was born to a Macanese family of Portuguese-Chinese blood at the Hospital Conde S. Januário in Macau in 1954. She is the future wife of Kevin Diaz. Her family moved to Shelley Street, Hong Kong when she was ten years old. When she was eleven her father died in Cordero, and she began working to support her seven brothers and sisters. She resorted to using identity cards from friends, because the legal working age in Hong Kong was 14. Her first job was as an usher for a local cinema.
While working as a hotel telephone operator, she came across the opportunity to learn the bass guitar. The hotel resident band found out and hired her to play at night after she auditioned. For several years she worked a triple job of telephone operator in the day, band player at night, and working as a cashier. But her also worked as a line cook for takeaway contractors for office workers, thus having excellent cooking skills, which led to her having hosted 3 food and cuisine shows.
She married the widowed Filipino pianist, 22 years her senior, in the band when she was in her late teens. She is the mother of six children (two boys with her husband, two boys and two girls from her husband's previous marriage)
Her eldest son Alfonso Bibi Cordero (traditional Chinese: 高進一) is a member of the Hong Kong Hockey team which won the bronze medal in the 2009 East Asian Games.
Singing and movie career.
Maria's singing career began after word spread about her singing ability at a newly opened disco in 1985. Offers of recording contracts, movie roles, and stage performances came after a string of hits which began with a tailor made song written for her by director and song writer Teddy Robin, titled "Sai Hei". Parts of this song was also used in one of Edison Chen's track 嘥氣(Waste of breath).

</doc>
<doc id="5891115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891115" title="1978 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC and OFC)">
1978 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC and OFC)

Listed below are the dates and results for the 1978 FIFA World Cup qualification rounds for the Asian and Oceanian zone (AFC and OFC). For an overview of the qualification rounds, see the article "1978 FIFA World Cup qualification".
A total of 21 AFC and OFC teams and Israel entered the competition. However, South Vietnam could not compete after being annexed by Vietnam. The Asian zone was allocated 1 place (out of 16) in the final tournament.
There would be two rounds of play:
First Round.
Group 1.
Hong Kong and Singapore finished in the top two places, and a play-off was played to decide who would advance to the Final Round.
Hong Kong advanced to the Final Round.
Group 2.
Korea Republic advanced to the Final Round.
Group 3.
Iran advanced to the Final Round.
Group 4.
Kuwait advanced to the Final Round.
Group 5.
Australia advanced to the Final Round.
Final Round.
Iran qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="5891117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891117" title="Daulatpur">
Daulatpur

Daulatpur may refer to places:

</doc>
<doc id="5891136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891136" title="Jesus Price Supastar">
Jesus Price Supastar

Jesus Price Supastar is the second album by rapper Sean Price, released on January 30, 2007 through Duck Down Records. It was originally planned for release on September 19, 2006, then was pushed back to October 31, and was pushed back for a third time, to a final date in January 2007. Duck Down CEO Dru-Ha stated, ""We all just decided together that the extra time would do us right for promotions and raising awareness.""[http://www.hiphopgame.com/news.php3?id=1412] 
"Jesus Price Supastar" features production from 9th Wonder and Khrysis, as well as Illmind, Tommy Tee, Moss and P.F. Cuttin. Album guests include Boot Camp Clik members Buckshot, Steele and Rock, Rustee Juxx, Sadat X, Block McCloud, Phonte, Chaundon, and The Loudmouf Choir. The album was met with positive reception from music critics.
"Jesus Price Supastar" debuted on the Billboard Hot 200 chart at #196, making it the first Boot Camp Clik album since 1999 to crack the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5891140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891140" title="Daulatpur, Himachal Pradesh">
Daulatpur, Himachal Pradesh

Daulatpur is a town and a nagar panchayat in Una district in the state of Himachal Pradesh, India. It is situated in the PUNJAB region of Indian Subcontinent.
Geography.
Daulatpur is located at . It has an average elevation of 521 metres (1709 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="5891141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891141" title="Michal Amdursky">
Michal Amdursky

Michal Amdursky (born in 1975) is an Israeli dancer and singer.
Official Site - http://mamdursky.com/
Biography.
Michal Amdursky was married to Assaf Amdursky, with whom she has two children. She is one of the pioneers of the Israeli Dance Music genre. Amdurski began dancing at the age of 6 at the studio of the Bat-Dor Dance Company. At age 15, she moved to Budapest, where she studied Classical Dance at the Hungarian State Opera House. Later she returned to Israel to study at the Yoram Levinstein Acting Studio.
In 2000, Amdursky sang "Luna" in the pre-Eurovision song contest and came in third place. For several years, she served as a judge on the Israeli TV reality show "Nolad Lirkod" (Born to Dance). 
The songs on her first album "Notzetzim" were written by Assaf Amdursky. Her second album “Let Her Sweat” combines Dance and Pop music.

</doc>
<doc id="5891171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891171" title="Hessel de Vries">
Hessel de Vries

Hessel de Vries (November 15, 1916, Annen – December 23, 1959, Groningen), was a Dutch physicist and professor at the University of Groningen who furthered the detection methods and applications of radiocarbon dating to a variety of sciences. But for his untimely death, he might have been a Nobel laureate. He has been called "the unsung hero of radiocarbon dating" by Eric Willis, the first director of the radiocarbon-dating laboratory at the University of Cambridge.
De Vries effect.
In 1958, de Vries showed that baffling anomalies in the carbon-14 dates, observed by Willard Frank Libby for Egyptological samples, were in fact systematic anomalies on a global scale, represented in the carbon-14 dates of tree rings. This phenomenon has been called the "de Vries effect". The correspondence with tree rings, which can be counted (one ring for each year), led to a recalibration of radiocarbon dating that was a large improvement in the accuracy.
Murder and suicide.
De Vries committed suicide in 1959, after murdering a former analyst (Anneke Hoogeveen), with whom he was in love but who had become engaged to another man. But for his death, he might have shared in the 1960 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, which was awarded to Libby for his radiocarbon-dating method.

</doc>
<doc id="5891180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891180" title="Cougar Canyon">
Cougar Canyon

Cougar Canyon is a canyon near Kalamalka Lake Provincial Park, in the district municipality of Coldstream.
It is a long canyon running along the eastern side of Kalamalka Lake. The Canyon is very popular with the local rock climbing community. The area contains over 200 bolted routes, with plenty of room for more.
Part of Cougar Canyon is an ecological preserve maintained by the British Columbia Ministry of Environment.

</doc>
<doc id="5891199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891199" title="Gran Criterium">
Gran Criterium

The Gran Criterium is a Group 2 flat horse race in Italy open to two-year-old thoroughbred colts and fillies. It is run at Milan over a distance of 1,500 metres (about 1 mile), and it is scheduled to take place each year in October.
The event held Group 2 status for a period in the 1970s. It was subsequently promoted, and was Italy's only Group 1 race for juvenile horses. It was downgraded back to Group 2 from 2014.
Records.
Leading jockey since 1970 (6 wins):
Leading trainer since 1980 (4 wins):
Leading owner since 1980 (3 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="5891213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891213" title="Wyn Calvin">
Wyn Calvin

Wyn Calvin, MBE OStJ (born Joseph Wyndham Calvin Thomas, 1926), sometimes called the "Clown Prince of Wales" and "The Welsh Prince of Laughter", is a veteran Welsh comedian and entertainer.
Born in Narberth, Pembrokeshire, Calvin later attended Canton High School for Boys in Cardiff. Wyn Calvin has been in show business for over sixty years. He served with ENSA during World War II. In 1991 he became the first Welshman ever to be elected "King Rat" of the Grand Order of Water Rats, a show business fraternity and charity, and has also been the Welsh chairman of the Variety Club of Great Britain. He is particularly well known for his appearances in pantomime and summer season at venues all over the UK. Wyn is an accomplished after-dinner speaker and has also spoken at St.David's Day events all over the world.
He recently starred as Jethro D. Bartman (President of the Earth), in a play called Space Invasion, which was shown in the New Theatre in Cardiff.
Calvin was also a founding member of the Noah's Ark Appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="5891216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891216" title="Master Hilarion">
Master Hilarion

The Master HilarionImage of the Master Hilarion: distributed by ZakaiRan and painted by New Age Artist Peter Fich Christiansen</ref> in the teachings of Theosophy is one of the "Masters of the Ancient Wisdom" and in the Ascended Master Teachings is one of the Ascended Masters (also collectively called the Great White Brotherhood). He is considered to be the Chohan (Lord) of the Fifth Ray (see Seven Rays).
Incarnations.
The Master Hilarion is believed to have been incarnated as the Apostle Paul of Tarsus and the Neo-Platonic philosopher Iamblichus. Some have believed that he was the Christian saint Hilarion. This is unlikely, since the years Iamblichus, also known as Iamblichus Chalcidensis, (c. 245 - c. 325) was embodied overlap the lifetime of St. Hilarion (291 - 371).
In October 1884 Helena Blavatsky made reference to Hilarion (using the spelling: "Hillarion"):
On 20 February 1881 Kuthumi, in one of his letters to Sinnett, referred to him as
His travel to his "final initiation" is referred to in an entry in Henry Olcott's diary, dated 19 February 1881, written in Bombay:
Function in the spiritual hierarchy.
Theosophist C.W. Leadbeater wrote that the Master Hilarion's primary influence is upon the scientists of the world. 
In the teachings of Alice A. Bailey, the fifth ray of the seven rays, called by Alice A. Bailey the "orange ray", which he is said to oversee, is called the ray of "concrete science". 
In the Ascended Master Teachings, as "Hierarch of the Brotherhood of Truth" in the etheric plane over Crete, Hilarion is said to assist the scientists and spiritual leaders of the world with the "flame of truth" and channels the spiritual energy of what is called in the Ascended Master Teachings the "green ray" or "emerald ray" (the 5th of the Seven Rays). It is believed in the Ascended Master Teachings that before the Master Hilarion took over the chohanship of the Fifth Ray, that Lord Ling fulfilled that function.
Skeptical view.
K. Paul Johnson speculates that the "Masters" that Madame Blavatsky wrote about and produced letters from were actually idealizations of people who were her mentors. Johnson asserts that the "Master Hilarion" was actually Ooton Liato, a stage magician from Cyprus whom she met in New York City in 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="5891222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891222" title="Bishopsworth">
Bishopsworth

Bishopsworth is the name of both a council ward of the city of Bristol in the United Kingdom, and a suburb of the city which lies within that ward.
As well as the suburb of Bishopsworth, the ward contains the areas of Bedminster Down, Highridge and Withywood.
Bishopsworth.
Bishopsworth is a largely residential suburb in south Bristol, England, which was formerly a civil parish.
Bishopsworth was historically the tything of Bishport in the parish of Bedminster in Somerset. The rural southern parts of Bedminster became the civil parish of Bedminster Without from 1894 to 1898, when that parish was abolished and most of it became the new civil parish of Bishopsworth. Large parts of the civil parish were absorbed into Bristol in 1930 and 1933, and the civil parish was abolished in 1951, when almost all of it was absorbed into Bristol.
In 1928 the ecclesiastical parish of Bedminster Down was created from the north of Bishopsworth in response to the development of the area. The ecclesiastical parishes of Hartcliffe and Withywood were separated off more recently.
Bishopsworth has an estimated population of 11,444 people (2001 Census). Its municipal services are run by Bristol City Council whilst its local health services are managed by the Bristol South and West Primary Care Trust.
Local facilities include shops and pubs, a public library and swimming pool.
Church.
The first church in Bishopsworth was a small chapel dedicated to St Peter and St Paul built under an arrangement in 1194 between Robert Arthur, lord of the manor, and George de Dunster, prebend of Bedminster. The agreement provided for a chaplain to visit from Bedminster on Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays. This provision continued until dissolution in 1540. The chapel was converted into three cottages which stood until the Corporation demolished them in 1961 to make way for a swimming pool.
The present church, dedicated to St Peter, was built in 1841–43. The neo-Norman design was the work of Samuel Charles Fripp. It is a grade II* listed building.
Bishopsworth Manor.
Bishopsworth Manor was built around 1720 and is grade II* listed. It was owned in the 1970s and 1980s by the late Denis Bristow who restored much of it to its present state.
Other listed buildings.
The School House and attached school rooms in church road were built around 1840 in a Tudor Revival style and is grade II listed. Chestnut Court dates from the early 18th century in an early Georgian style.
Bedminster Down.
Bedminster Down is an area of Bristol, England.
Bedminster Down is a suburb of Bristol. Much of the area was built in the 1930s. It extends from Bedminster to Ashton, Bishopworth, Highridge and Uplands, and is a largely residential area. Much of the area is built over disused coal mines.
The Parish Church, built in 1927, is dedicated to St Oswald. The Methodist church in the area shut down on Sunday 31 August 2008 The Methodist church consisted of two buildings, the main chapel and a church hall. The main chapel is currently in use as a community arts centre. The church hall is again running Sunday morning services under the name Bedminster Down Church, which is a satellite church from Headley Park Church. This means that while Sunday services are held there all other church business is conducted by Headley Park Church
Withywood.
Withywood is a district of Bristol, England, situated on the southern border of the city, between Hartcliffe and Bishopsworth, just north of Dundry Hill.
It is a large estate, begun in the 1950s. The road links to Withywood are adequate, although they should improve with the proposed South Bristol Ring Road
Withywood has a number of primary schools: Fair Furlong, Four Acres, Merchants Academy (phase 1) and St. Pius. There is a secondary comprehensive on Molesworth Drive. There is a relatively new secondary school, Merchants Academy, which opening in 2008, after the demolition of the former Withywood Community School. All of the schools have relatively large sports fields and grounds (Merchants Academy has 2 astro turfs, along with an onsite gym, also open for the public). Withywood also has its own 'University', a private home on the corner of Bishport Avenue and Queens Road where studying and lectures take place. They have also been a registered charity since 1996.
Queen's Road has a number of shops and the Amelia Nutt Health Clinic. Four Acres road also has shops directly opposite Sherrin Way bus terminus (the end of the journey) next to 'The Rusham' retirement homes.
It has a number of public houses: The Woods (Four Acres, now demolished), Queens Head, Rising Sun (both located on Queen's Road – Rising Sun now shut down) and the Elm Tree.
A big regeneration program is taking place around the area, new apartments on Hengrove Way and further development of The Junction shopping complex, and a proposal of a swimming pool and leisure complex alongside Cineworld, all within walking distance of Withywood. The Dundry View Neighbourhood Partnership works with residents in Bedminster Down, Bishopsworth, Hartcliffe, Headley Park, Highridge, Teyfant, Uplands, Whitchurch Park and Withywood.

</doc>
<doc id="5891226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891226" title="Francine Shapiro">
Francine Shapiro

Francine Shapiro, PhD, is an American psychologist and educator who originated and developed EMDR (An abbreviation for 'Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing'), a form of psychotherapy for resolving the symptoms of traumatic and other disturbing life experiences.
In 1987, she made the chance observation that moving her eyes from side to side appeared to reduce the disturbance of negative thoughts and memories. This experience led her to examine this phenomenon more systematically. Working with approximately 70 volunteers, she developed standardized procedures to maximize therapeutic outcomes, conducted additional research and a published randomized controlled study with trauma victims. After further research and elaboration of the methodology, she published a textbook in 1995 detailing the eight phases of this form of psychotherapy. EMDR is now recommended as an effective treatment for trauma in numerous international practice guidelines, including those of the American Psychiatric Association and the Department of Defense.
Education.
Shapiro holds a B.A. (1968) and M.A. (1974) in English Literature from Brooklyn College, City University of New York. In 1974, while employed full-time as an English teacher, she enrolled in a PhD program in English Literature at New York University. During this time she also became a literary critic, with reviews in the "Library Journal" and various encyclopedias. She is the editor of a volume entitled Thomas Hardy’s Chosen Poems published in 1978. In 1979, having completed all but her dissertation, she was diagnosed with cancer. Her post-recovery experiences shifted her attention from literature to the effects of stress on the immune system, based on the work of Norman Cousins and others. She noted that while many theories had been proposed for these effects, little practical knowledge was available to assist individuals with disease prevention and self-care. She decided to seek out existing cutting-edge procedures and disseminate them to the general public. Over the next few years she participated in numerous workshops and programs that taught stress reduction, self-enhancement and mental and/or somatic self-care procedures. During this period she enrolled in the Professional School of Psychological Studies, San Diego (a school which at that time was unaccredited but approved by the state of California for psychologist licensure), to learn what was being taught formally in the field of psychology. Her discovery of the effects of eye movements in 1987 and subsequent development of procedures to utilize them in clinical practice became the basis of her dissertation, which entailed a randomized study with participants suffering from trauma. She received her PhD degree in 1988 and her dissertation research was published in the "Journal of Traumatic Studies" in 1989, followed by an invited article that was published in the "Journal of Behavior Therapy and Experimental Psychiatry". She has since devoted herself to the development and research of EMDR.
Affiliations, Presentations, Publications.
Shapiro is a Senior Research Fellow at the Mental Research Institute, Palo Alto, California, Executive Director of the EMDR Institute, Watsonville, CA, and founder and President Emeritus of EMDR Humanitarian Assistance Programs, a non-profit organization that coordinates disaster response and pro bono trainings worldwide. The organization is a recipient of the 2011 International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies Sarah Haley Memorial Award for Clinical Excellence. Shapiro was designated as one of the “Cadre of Experts” of the American Psychological Association & Canadian Psychological Association Joint Initiative on Ethnopolitical Warfare, and has served as advisor to a wide variety of trauma treatment and outreach organizations and journals. She has been an invited speaker at psychology conferences and universities worldwide, and has written and co-authored more than 60 journal articles, chapters, and books about EMDR, including the primary text Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing: Basic Principles, Protocols and Procedures. She is a licensed clinical psychologist currently residing in Northern California.
Awards.
As the originator of EMDR, Dr. Shapiro is a recipient of a variety of awards, including the International Sigmund Freud Award for Psychotherapy of the City of Vienna in conjunction with the World Council for Psychotherapy, the American Psychological Association Trauma Psychology Division Award for Outstanding Contributions to Practice in Trauma Psychology, and the Distinguished Scientific Achievement in Psychology Award presented by the California Psychological Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="5891241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891241" title="Brown's Requiem (film)">
Brown's Requiem (film)

"Brown's Requiem" is a 1998 film written and directed by Jason Freeland. "Brown's Requiem" was the first novel by noted crime author James Ellroy, and his third to be adapted to film following "L.A. Confidential" in 1997, and "Blood on the Moon" (filmed under the title "Cop") in 1987.
Plot.
Fritz Brown is a disgraced former LAPD officer now working as a private investigator and part-time repo man. Fritz is hired by an obese caddy named Fat Dog, supposedly to keep tabs on Fat Dog's sister, Jane. In the course of his investigation, Fritz learns that Jane is indeed living with an elderly millionaire named Solly, and that their relationship is odd at best. Fritz follows Solly and witnesses a transaction between Solly and Cathcart, the Internal Affairs Chief who disgraced Fritz and had him expelled from the police force. Fritz soon finds himself thrown into a complicated plot involving crooks, hit men, corrupt police and murder.

</doc>
<doc id="5891244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891244" title="Brown's Requiem">
Brown's Requiem

Brown's Requiem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5891261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891261" title="Birds of the Central Indian Highlands">
Birds of the Central Indian Highlands

The Central Highlands of India are a biogeographic region in India formed by the disjunct ranges of the Satpura and Vindhya Hills. It is given the term 6A within the Deccan zone in the Rodgers and Panwar (1988) classification. 
The zone adjoins 6D, the Central Plateau and 4B, the Gujarat Rajputana and extends across the states of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. The total area is approximately 250,000 km² and there are 27 Protected Areas (20 Wildlife Sanctuaries and 7 National Parks) covering 4.9% of the area. There are also six Project Tiger Reserves in the region.
The Central Indian Highlands have two parallel chains of hills, namely, the Vindhyas and the Satpuras, running from East-North-East to West-South-West direction and separated by the Narmada river valley. The Vindhyas lie to the north of Narmada, extending from Jobat in Gujarat (22°27’ N; 74°35’ E) to Sasaram in Bihar (24°57’N; 84°02’E) through the Malwa Plateau and Baghelkhand (Kaimur ranges). The Satpuras stretch south of the Narmada and are composed of several contiguous ranges that include the Rajpipla Hills (sometimes considered a part of the Western Ghats), the Nimar Plateau, the Pachmarhi Hills and the Mahadeo Hills. The Maikal hills in the north-east of the region are considered to be the connecting link between these ranges. The general elevational range of the Vindhyas is between 450 to 600 m though a few points rise above 900 m. In contrast, the Satpuras are marked with higher elevation plateaus, the highest peak being Dhupgarh (1348 m). The Central Indian Highlands serve as a major watershed area for several rivers including the Narmada, Chambal, Betwa, Tons, Ken, Sone, Wainganga, Wardha, and Tapti rivers. The climate is essentially tropical and a larger part of rainfall is during the southwest monsoon (June – August). The natural vegetation of the Central Indian Highlands is dominated by the peninsular sal ("Shorea robusta") forests in the east and teak ("Tectona grandis") forests in the west.
Birdlife in Central Indian Highlands is generally not so rich as either Eastern Himalayas or the Western Ghats although they have been suggested to have acted as an important dispersal highway in the historical past for the Indo-Malayan elements from the Eastern Himalayas to Western Ghats and Sri Lanka (Ali, 1949). (See also Satpura hypothesis) About 430 species of birds have been reliably recorded
from this region representing 61 families and 15 orders, of which 254 species breed while 104 species are winter migrants and with a few other vagrant species (Grimmett "et al.", 1998).
Literature on historical records of birdlife of the region is very scanty. Forsyth's (1889) casual remarks indicated that several species like Black-headed Yellow Bulbul ("Pycnonotus melanicterus"), Painted Spurfowl ("Galloperdix lunulata"), Lesser Adjutant ("Leptoptilos javanicus"), and Indian Golden-backed Three-toed Woodpecker ("Dinopium javanense") which are now found only in small restricted areas were apparently quite common and widespread around late 19th century. The recent rediscovery of the Forest Spotted Owlet ("Heteroglaux blewitti"), endemic to Central Indian Highlands after about 114 years (Rasmussen 1998), underscores the significance of more avifaunal studies in the region for conservation planning. The forests of central India are also one of the few known refuges for several globally threatened and restricted-range species like Malabar Pied Hornbill ("Anthracoceros coronatus"), Spotted Grey Creeper ("Salpornis spilonotus"), White-bellied Minivet ("Pericrocotus erythropygius"), Asian Brown Flycatcher ("Muscicapa dauurica") and Green Munia ("Amandava formosa") (Ali & Ripley, 1983). A recent survey on breeding birds of Central Indian Highlands by Wildlife Institute of India (Jayapal "et al.", 2005) has added several new breeding records and range-extensions like Crested Goshawk ("Accipiter trivirgatus"), Oriental Scops Owl ("Otus sunia"), Spot-bellied Eagle Owl ("Bubo nipalensis"), Drongo-Cuckoo ("Surniculus lugubris"), Ashy Drongo ("Dicrurus leucophaeus"), and Striated Grassbird ("Megalurus palustris").

</doc>
<doc id="5891281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891281" title="Quercus canariensis">
Quercus canariensis

Quercus canariensis, the Algerian oak or Mirbeck's oak is an oak in the section "Quercus" sect. "Mesobalanus", native to southern Portugal, Spain, Tunisia, Algeria and Morocco; despite the scientific name, it does not occur naturally today in the Canary Islands, though it may have in the past.
Description.
"Quercus canariensis" is a medium-sized deciduous to semi-evergreen tree growing to 20–30 m tall with a trunk up to 1.5 m diameter. The leaves are 10–15 cm long and 6–8 cm broad, with 6-12 pairs of shallow lobes. The flowers are catkins; the fruit is an acorn 2.5 cm long and 2 cm broad, in a shallow cup.
Landmark specimens.
The picture to the left is of a grand old Algerian oak tree that was planted on 19 May 1863. It resides within the Kyneton Botanical Gardens in the town of Kyneton in the Australian state of Victoria. This tree is listed by the National Trust on the Register of Significant Trees in Victoria.
There was another significant old Algerian oak tree in Victoria at the Melbourne Royal Botanic Gardens. It was known as Lady Loch's Oak - however its trunk split in half in November 2007, due to the weight of its giant old limbs. The tree has been extensively planted in Canberra.

</doc>
<doc id="5891285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891285" title="Nonini">
Nonini

Hubert Nakitare popularly known by his stage name Nonini is a Kenyan hip hop recording artist, entertainer, radio presenter and businessman. He is often referred to as "the Godfather of Genge" and is well known for his controversial and sexually explicit lyrics.
Personal life.
Nonini was born Hubert Kavaluku (Nakitare) in October 1982 in California Estate in the Eastlands constituency of Nairobi, Kenya. He is of Kamba origin.
Nonini became a dad to a male child late 2012
Biography.
Nonini originally signed to Calif Records, but later joined Homeboyz Productions. He was introduced to the Kenyan urban music scene through his debut single "Nonini ni Nani?" He achieved national and regional recognition with his 2002 track "Manzi wa Nairobi," a song which praised the beauty of Kenyan women and a follow-up single "Weh Kamu". He went on to release his debut album "Hanyaring Game" in late 2004 which included the hit "Keroro" a Kenyan slang (sheng) term for beer.Nonini is famed for releasing the first Genge hit early in his career.
He runs a video production company named "Pro Habo" which successfully gave rise to P Unit. He is also a radio presenter.
Collaborations and affiliated acts.
Later, "Nani Mwenza", his collaboration track with Tanzanian musician Juma Nature, became a regional hit. In addition, he has collaborated with local artist Nameless to create a Friday anthem appropriately titled "furahi-day". Both songs are on his second album "Mwisho Ya Mawazo", released in 2007. The album features several guest musicians, including Nyota Ndogo, Mercy Myra, Professor Jay and Q-Chief.
P-Unit.
He is the founder of P-Unit (Pro-Habo Unit) that consists of rappers Bonnie, Frasha, Gabu and himself. The crew has produced several songs most notably "Si Lazima" a Swahili phrase which literally translates to "it's not a must" . The song talks of times in a relationship where a couple does not need to have sex - they can just go home and relax. People have found the song quite contradictory to the messages he communicated in previous songs. At the 2007 Kisima Music Awards P-Unit won the Boomba Group category. It was the first time Nonini won a Kisima Award. Their second single is known as "Kushoto-Kulia"; meaning "Left-Right". Both songs are on Nonini's "Mwisho ya Mawazo" album.
Recognition and awards.
In August 2007, Nonini was selected as one of the 100 most influential Kenyans by The Standard newspaper.
In 2009 he was named "International Lifestyle Ambassador" by the Limkokwing University in Malaysia.
MCSK 2012 Cross Over Artiste Award 2012
Best Hip-Hop Song (Colour Kwa Face) at the Kisima Awards 2012
Best Director Music Video Kisima Awards 2012 with the same song
2 time Top Earner MCSK Royalties Artiste 2013,
In 2013 Nonini has been elected as a director representing the Audio Visual Sector at the Performance Rights Society of Kenya (PRSK) where he expects to help in consolidating efforts towards royalties’ collections and represents the plight of artistes in the entertainment industry.
Discography.
Albums:
Awards.
Won:
Nominated:

</doc>
<doc id="5891288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891288" title="Goa University">
Goa University

Goa University was established under the Goa University Act of 1984 (Act No. 7 of 1984)and commenced operations on 1 June 1985. The university provides higher education in the Indian state of Goa.
After the Liberation of Goa from Portuguese colonial rule in December 1961, the University of Bombay, (now Mumbai) offered affiliation through its Centre of Post-Graduate Instruction and Research (located in the state capital, Panaji, or Panjim) to the first colleges that were instituted in Goa in June 1962. Since 1985 Goa University offers graduate and post-graduate studies and research programmes. It is currently (2014) accredited to the NAAC (National Assessment and Accreditation Council) in India with a rating of four stars. It is located on the Taleigao Plateau. 
Educational institutions in colonial Goa.
Although the Portuguese colonial powers set up several renowned seminaries and a number of parish schools after their arrival in Goa in the 16th century, these offered mainly religious and elementary education, respectively. Medical education started in the early 18th century, in the Royal Hospital in the old City of Goa, and the first regular medical course was offered in 1801 at the Royal and Military Hospital. In the 1950s attempts were made by the government to ensure compulsory enrolment in primary schools (Varde 83). Private schools also thrived, including in Marathi and English mediums. Some of these taught up to high school and prepared the students to appear for Secondary School Certificate Examination (Matric/SSCE) of the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary Education, Pune. 
Dr. P.S. Varde (History of Education in Goa from 1510 to 1975, Directorate of Art and Culture, Government of Goa, Panaji, Goa, 1977) quotes the following figures for enrolment in primary schools in Goa, Daman and Diu, in the year of Liberation (1961-62):
The enrolment in secondary schools:
Including the enrolment in the 4 Government Technical Schools (secondary level: 993), the grand total for all languages : 10, 181.
“…the total number of children in primary schools would amount to 59, 607. This would mean that approximately 50% children out of the total population in the age group 7-13 were attending primary schools. The percentage enrolment in secondary schools for the age group 11-17 was approximately 14.6%.” (Varde 94-96).
The duration of school education was of around 12 years, including pre-University education.
Teachers’ Training: 
After a number of ineffectual attempts were made to start training institutes for teachers, in 1844 a teachers’ training school, Escola Normal, was established, in line with new directions from Portugal for the promotion of education in the colonies. (Cabral 95). The school was initially attached to the Lyceum, and underwent constant reforms as educational policies in Europe underwent change. Whereas earlier women students could only appear as private candidates, from 1894, in Portugal, it was made co-educational (Cabral 134). “When the Governor-General Joao Carlos Craveiro Lopes came out with his set of reforms Goa through his “Portaria” issued on the 31st of May 1935, he stated clearly that the “Escola Normal de Luis de Camões” was meant for the training of Teachers of both sexes and would be under the Governor-General of the colony, who would administer it through the Directorate of Civil Administration.” (Cabral 114).
Institutes of Higher Education in Colonial Goa: 
The first institutes of Higher Education were set up by the Portuguese administration in the nineteenth century, the main being the Academia Militar (Military Academy)(1817), later expanded into the Escola Matemática e Militar ( Mathematics and Military School) and the Escola Médico-Cirúrgico de Goa (School of Medicine and Surgery-) (1842). A course in pharmacology (Curso de Farmácia) was also created in 1842. In 1854 the Liceu Nacional Afonso de Albuquerque (Lyceum) was founded, offering higher education in the Humanities and the Sciences. The School of Medicine (a five-year medical course) and the Course in Pharmacy (a three-year course) were the first of their kind in Asia. None of these institutions were considered University – degree granting institutions. “The courses offered by the Lyceum were broad-based with a view to providing good cultural and scientific foundations for the students aiming at higher studies as well as those who were on the threshold of public life.” (Varde 61) Persons wishing to pursue university education of four or five years duration had to travel to British India or to Europe.
University Education in post-Liberation Goa:
Within less than six months after the Liberation of Goa, two colleges were started as a result of private initiatives and government backing:
In the very first year, the number of students who registered in these two colleges added up to 879.
Other colleges soon followed suit:
As these institutions and more came into existence, the question of affiliation surfaced, and led to some debate since Goa was a Union Territory, and it was suggested they be affiliated to Delhi University. However the colleges opted to be affiliated to the University of Bombay, and at the request of the government of Goa, Daman and Diu, the Centre of Post-Graduate Instruction and Research was started in Goa by the University of Bombay with the support of the Goa administration.
The Jha Committee proposed the establishment of a University in Goa, and recommended its gradual development from the Centre of Post-Graduate Instruction and Research (CPIR) into a full-fledged university over a period of five to ten years. The Committee made a number of additional recommendations in this regard, including the following:
The Goa University Act of 1984 brought Goa University into existence and it commenced operations on 1 June 1985. It moved to its present 175 hectare campus on the Taleigao Plateau.
Centre for education in Goa.
Goa University is the centre for higher education in Goa, India's smallest state. 
Campus.
Goa University is built on the Taleigao Plateau, around five kilometres from the Goan state capital of Panaji or Panjim. It can be approached by Bambolim or Dona Paula-Taleigao.
The Taleigao plateau overlooks the beautiful Arabian Sea and the picturesque Dona Paula shores, a former beach village and now a tourist location. The university is counted as one of the must-sees by many tourist guides, who route visitors around this region.
Administration.
The Governor of Goa, Bharat Vir Wanchoo is the chancellor of the university, Dr. Satish Ramnath Shetye is the vice-chancellor, and Prof. Vijayendra P. Kamat is the registrar.
Statutory bodies.
Statutory bodies of the university are as follows:
Court.
The Court has a membership of 40 and its constitution shall be as under i) Vice Chancellor as chairman ii) Five deans of faculties iii) Five professors of university teaching departments iv) Five principals of affiliated colleges v) Three teachers (other than deans and professors) of the University teaching departments vi) Eight teachers of affiliated colleges vii) Two representatives of the managements of the non-government affiliated colleges viii) The chairman of the University Students Council ix) Four eminent educationists, scholars, specialists or administrators x) One representative of the Scheduled Castes/Scheduled Tribes and one representative of Other Backward Communities xi) Two women representatives of Goa xii) A representative of the non-teaching staff of the University xiii) Registrar of the University as Member-Secretary. The term of the court will be of four years.
Executive Council.
The Executive Council has a membership of 13 and its constitution shall be as under i) Vice-Chancellor as chairman ii) Two deans of faculties members iii) One principal of an affiliated college iv) One professor (other than deans) of the University teaching departments v) Five eminent educationists, scholars, specialists or administrators vi) Two nominees of the state vii) Registrar as Member-Secretary. The term of the Executive Council is of four years
Academic Council.
The Academic Council has a membership of 40 and its constitution shall be as under: i) Vice-Chancellor as chairman ii) All the deans of the faculties of the University (ten) iii) Five University professors iv) Five principals of the affiliated colleges v) Five teachers of the University departments vi) Five teachers of the affiliated colleges vii) The Director of N.I.O viii) Chairman, Goa Board of Secondary & Higher Secondary Education ix) Three eminent educationists or scholars x) Librarian xi) Registrar as Member-Secretary. The term of the Academic Council is of four years.
Planning Board.
The Planning Board comprises eight members and its constitution shall be as under i) Vice-Chancellor as chairman ii) Vice-Chancellor of any University iii) *One member of the Executive Council iv) *One member of the Academic Council v) One dean of faculty vi) One eminent educationist vii) One representative of the University Grants Commission viii) The Registrar as "ex officio" Member-Secretary. (*Amended by EC on 25/11/94 in view of provision contained in clause 2 of Statute 40.) The term of office of the members other than the Vice-Chancellor and the Registrar is of four years and they shall be eligible for re-nomination.
Finance Committee.
The Finance Committee of the consists of the following eight members: i) Vice-Chancellor as chairman ii) Registrar iii) Secretary to Government of Goa in-charge of University Education iv) Secretary to Government of Goa in-charge of the Finance v) One nominee of the E.C. from its own members vi) Dean of the Faculty of Commerce vii) One nominee of the Visitor viii) The finance Officer as Member-Secretary. The Visitor nominates a person not connected with the University on the Finance Committee. The Executive Council nominates one of its members on the Finance Committee The term of all the members of the Finance Committee other than the Vice-Chancellor and "ex-officio" members shall be of four year.
Mandate.
Role of the University in higher education in Goa.
Goa University provides a focal point for higher education in Goa and drives the vision for the development of the academic and professional curricula in Goa. It is responsible for quality assurance and committed to providing excellent educational opportunities to its students. The university is also invested in nurturing the academic curiosities and sustaining intellectual traditions in the local population of Goa and it conducts various talks, seminars and events that are open to the general public and the community that resides around the campus.
Goa University, Goa’s only university, is a university of affiliated colleges. 
53 affiliated colleges:
29 in general education
24 professional education
Enrollment ~27,000, mostly for undergraduate studies
Main Campus primarily for post-graduate studies
Enrolment ~ 1,500
The strengths of the University:
The challenges of the University:
As Goa’s only university, the challenges are to:
Affiliated colleges.
The university is responsible for the bachelors' level of education conducted by colleges across Goa and affiliated to Goa University.
The following are the professional colleges affiliated to Goa University:
The following are the non-professional colleges affiliated to Goa University:
Post-graduate departments, centres of studies.
The main campus of Goa University, Taleigao Plateau, has: 
The university houses 12 faculties under which departments operate and offer masters or diploma programmes. The following are the faculties in Goa University and the departments which operate under them: 
Library.
• Collection of 1,40,000 books.
• Designated as an U.N. repository, it has been receiving documents and United Nations publications since 1996. 
• Subscribes to ~350 journals.
• The Library is the repository of several rare and special-interest holdings, particularly in the area of Indo-Portuguese History. Enriched by private donations from over 52 scholars, for example Dr. P.S.S. Pissurlekar and Dr. Nuno Gonsalves collections.
• Library home page : http://library.unigoa.ac.in
• Library catalogue : http://libcat.unigoa.ac.in
New courses.
From the Academic Year 2013-14:
New programmes.
These steps led to 30% increase in post-graduate intake on the main campus, from ~650 to ~850.
Other initiatives.
Goa University’s Academic Staff College (ACS).
The ACS, supported by the Indian University Grants Commission conducts refresher and orientation courses for college and university teachers. As many as 46 professional and non-professional and non-professional colleges and institutions—for undergraduate teaching—are affiliated to the university. Besides, eight research institutions are recognised by the Goa University for research.
Distance Education, Information & Training Infrastructure (DEITI).
The DEITI Studio, which is linked to the Indian dedicated education satellite ‘Edusat’, produces a number of educational programmes.
Visiting Research Professors Programme.
The Department of Art & Culture, Government of Goa, has funded six Visiting Research Professorship Chairs at the university 
Study India Programme.
As per the Memorandum of Understanding signed by Goa University with Nihon University, Japan, a batch of students under the Study India Programme visits the University for about 6 months every year to study Indian culture, Indian politics and Indian society. 
Konkani Encyclopedia.
Konkani Vishvakosh is soon to be a part of Konkani Wikipedia. 
• A New Science Block recently completed, houses four departments: Chemistry, Biotechnology, Microbiology and Botany.
Recognised institutions.
Recognised institutions functioning with Goa University recognition are:
Admission procedures.
The procedure for admission is mentioned in detail in the annual handbook published and made available during the first week of June. More information on admission can also be directly obtained from the academic sections, concerned departments, or colleges in person.
All the admission forms are directly received by the concerned office of the departments on the campus. Members of the public can visit the office from 12.00 to 13.00 on all working days, according to the Citizen's Charter of the Goa University.
Contacts.
Goa University telephone is +0091-832-2451345-48/75; 2456480-85 and fax +0091-832-2451184/2452889.

</doc>
<doc id="5891305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891305" title="Cheeseman's Green">
Cheeseman's Green

Cheeseman's Green is a housing and commercial development to the south of Ashford in Kent, England. It is adjacent to Sevington and Park Farm. It will have 1100 new homes and 7 hectares of commercial space, plus a variety of community facilities.
A "SMARTLINK" bus link is proposed between the new development and Ashford's town centre, also linking with the "Orbital Business Park, Waterbrook", the "Newtown Railway works, Designer Outlet" and the "International railway station". The scheme aims to provide journey times matching or beating car journey times and a high frequency, competitively priced reliable service.

</doc>
<doc id="5891309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891309" title="NexG PrePaid">
NexG PrePaid

NexG PrePaid is a pre-paid credit card issued by AmBank, Malaysia. The card is available in AmBank branches and most 7-Eleven stores in the country. It was the first attempt to bring pre-paid credit cards into the Malaysian market and as of 2007, more than 100000 NexG cards are in circulation.

</doc>
<doc id="5891341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891341" title="Shriprakash Jaiswal">
Shriprakash Jaiswal

Sriprakash Jaiswal (born 25 September 1944) is an Indian politician. He stood for the 2004 Lok Sabha elections on the Indian National Congress ticket and is former a Member of Parliament from Kanpur. He has been elected three times from Kanpur. He has been Minister of State for Home Affairs since 23 May 2004.
In 2009 elections, Jaiswal again won from Kanpur and was elevated to Minister Of State (Independent Charge) holding dual charges of Coal and Statistics And Programme Implementation. In recent cabinet reshuffle he is elevated to the post of Coal Minister. In 2014 Lok Sabha elections he lost his seat.
Early life and career.
He completed his education from DAV College, Kanpur. He got married to Smt. Maya Rani on 28 April 1967. He has two sons and one daughter.His first political assignment was serving kanpur city as its Mayor in 1989.Subsequently he contested and won loksabha election in 1999 from Kanpur,further he won in 2004 and 2009 for the 2nd and 3rd time respectively.He still enjoys the support of his constituents.He has also been president of Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee from 2000 till 2003.
Controversies.
Sriprakash Jaiswal who mostly stayed out of the political spats and media, came into limelight when the scam, Indian coal allocation scam got highlighted all over media through a leaked Report of Comptroller and Auditor General of India(CAG) in August 2012. Being the Cabinet Minister for Coal at the time of report leakage even though he was not the coal minister at the time of allocation, he was made to face the heat by opposition. Shriprakash Jaiswal, however, maintained his stand of allocations being made through in-practice Coal Allocation Process and also that the CAG report was disputable. He also defended the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
Another controversy regarding Mr. Jaiswal arose when during attending a cultural event in Kanpur he made sexist remarks against women by saying '(A new victory and a new marriage have their own importance. But as times passes, the memories of a victory go old and as time passes, a wife gets old, the same charm is not there) although he later apologized. His remarks received nation-wide criticism and even a petition was filed against him in the Court by Women Organizations

</doc>
<doc id="5891349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891349" title="Justin Bishop (cricketer)">
Justin Bishop (cricketer)

Justin Bishop (born 4 January 1982) is an English cricketer. Bishop is a left-handed batsman and a left-arm medium-fast bowler.
Born in Bury St. Edmunds, he played 25 first class games for Essex from 1999 to 2005. Having first represented Essex in August 1999 in the CGU National League, he would later appear extensively throughout the Division Two seasons of 1999-2002, before Essex's promotion into the First Division, playing in 23 List A one day games in all. He made 4 first class fifties and took 57 wickets in all.
Bishop has since participated in the Minor Counties Championship Eastern Division for Suffolk, making his debut against Cumberland on 7 August 2005.
Since 2009 he has taught physical education at County Upper School in Bury St Edmunds.

</doc>
<doc id="5891357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891357" title="Palmer, South Australia">
Palmer, South Australia

Palmer is a town just east of the Adelaide Hills region of South Australia along the Adelaide-Mannum Road, 70 kilometres east-north-east of the state capital, Adelaide and 15 km west-north-west of Mannum (). It is located in the Mid Murray Council local government area. At the 2006 census, Palmer had a population of 329.
The town was named after Colonel George Palmer, a South Australian Colonisation Commissioner. It was settled in the 1860s as a mining and agricultural settlement.
At the ABS 2001 census, Palmer had a population of 305 people living in 124 dwellings.
Palmer has a primary school, a general store, hotel and a Lutheran Church. There are some nearby rock formations.

</doc>
<doc id="5891359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891359" title="Aleksandra Vrebalov">
Aleksandra Vrebalov

Aleksandra Vrebalov (born September 22, 1970 in Novi Sad, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian composer based in New York City. She studied composition with Miroslav Statkic at Novi Sad University, then with Zoran Erić at Belgrade University, Elinor Armer at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music, and Ivana Loudova at the Prague Academy of Music. She obtained her Doctor of Musical Arts degree from the University of Michigan where she studied with Evan Chambers and Michael Daugherty.
A highly regarded musician, she has had residences at the Rockefeller Foundation Bellagio Center, Tanglewood, New York’s New Dramatists, MacDowell Colony, and American Opera Projects among others. She has received Awards or Fellowships from the American Academy of Arts and Letters Charles Ives Fellowship, Meet the Composer, Highsmith Composition Competition, Vienna Modern Masters, Serbian Fond for an Open Society, ASCAP Awards, and Douglas Moore Fellowship.
Her early string quartet "Pannonia Boundless", evoking eastern European sonorities, has been recorded by the Kronos Quartet on their album "Kronos Caravan" (1999) and published by Boosey and Hawkes (2007). The Kronos Quartet, with clarinetist David Krakauer, premiered her 40-minute "Babylon, Our Own," commissioned for the 10th anniversary season of the Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center at the University of Maryland in College Park, Maryland, in September 2011.
In her more developed orchestral work "Orbits" (2002), Vrebalov uses overlapping densities of sonorities and rhythmic proportions such as the Fibonacci series to portray her idiosyncratic post-modern conception of musica universalis. 
Her music for the ballet "The Widow's Broom" (2004) based on Chris Van Allsburg’s book has been performed on Halloween by the Festival Ballet Providence. 
She has received commissions from Kronos Quartet, Carnegie Hall (co-commission), Barlow Endowment, Festival Ballet Providence, Merkin Concert Hall Zoom Series. Vrebalov is also a co-founder of South Oxford Six, a composers' collective in New York.
In October 2011 her 2-act opera "Mileva," on a libretto by Vida Ognjenović based on her play, was premiered at the Serbian National Theater in Novi Sad, with a repeat performance at the Sava Center in Belgrade as part of the Belgrade Music Festival (BEMUS). The opera was commissioned to mark the 150th anniversary of the Serbian National Theater. The scenario centers on the character of Mileva Marić, the Serbian physicist and mathematician who was Albert Einstein's first wife.

</doc>
<doc id="5891362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891362" title="Maradik">
Maradik

Maradik () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, in the region of Syrmia (Syrmia District), in Inđija municipality. Maradik is located about 10 km west of Inđija. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its total population in 2011 was 2,095.
Name.
In Serbian, the village is known as "Maradik" or Марадик, in Croatian as "Maradik", and in Hungarian as "Maradék".

</doc>
<doc id="5891379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891379" title="Al Hodge (rock musician)">
Al Hodge (rock musician)

Al Hodge (1951 - 6 July 2006) was a guitarist and songwriter, who had success with "Rock N Roll Mercenaries", a song that was recorded by Meat Loaf and John Parr in 1986. Hodge co-wrote the song with the American, Michael Ehmig.
Hodge was one of the most successful singer-songwriters to come out of Cornwall in recent years. For forty years Hodge, who was born in Bodmin, performed mostly in pubs and clubs. During the 1960s he was guitarist for the band The Onyx. He also did session work with Toyah Willcox, Sad Café, Randy Crawford, Linda Ronstadt and Suzi Quatro.
Hodge was a guitarist for Leo Sayer from 1981 to 1985. He was also a guitarist for Elkie Brooks in 1999 and 2000. He wrote music for numerous TV programmes and appeared on many TV shows throughout Europe.
In the years before he died he taught many young guitarists in Cornwall. He died after a two-year battle with cancer on 6 July 2006.
In July 2007 the first Alstock Festival was held in his memory with one of the bands made up of Al Hodge's students. In June 2008 the second Alstock took place in Bodmin, Cornwall, with a much larger line-up of local bands and is now held every year on the last Saturday in July.

</doc>
<doc id="5891386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891386" title="Simon Hackett">
Simon Hackett

Simon Walter Hackett is the co-founder (with Robyn Taylor in 1991) of Internode Pty Ltd.
In 1997 Hackett founded Agile Communications, a sister company to Internode, responsible for designing, build and operation of telco infrastructure (fibre and wireless).
The Internode company group was sold to iiNet Limited (ASX:IIN) in a transaction announced in December 2011 and completed on 31 January 2012.
Hackett departed the executive team at Internode to join the board of iiNet in August 2012. On 12 November 2013 it was announced that he has been appointed to the board of the National Broadband Network, and that he will resign his position with iiNet.
Hackett is a former board member of the Adelaide Fringe Festival, m.Net Corporation., and the Australian Network for Art and Technology. Hackett co-founded and is a former director of The Internet Society of Australia, and was the founding president of the South Australian Internet Association (which has since been disbanded).
Together with John Romkey, Hackett became the first to connect a commercial domestic appliance (a Sunbeam Deluxe Automatic Radiant Control Toaster) to the internet in 1990.
He is a 1986 graduate of the University of Adelaide, holding a Bachelors Degree in Applied Mathematics and Computer Science.
He is a Fellow of the Australian Computer Society.
Hackett is frequently active in the Internode forum on Whirlpool, and a vocal commentator on Australian telecommunications competition issues and Government policies.
Agile Communications.
Agile Communications is a licensed national telecommunications carrier based in South Australia and was the first South Australian based company to gain this license.
The company is a sister company to ISP Internode. The company was founded by Managing Director Simon Hackett and is based in Adelaide.
In May 2001, Agile built the Coorong Network, a microwave network interlinking Adelaide, Murray Bridge, Tailem Bend, Binnies Hill, Tintinara and Meningie using Cisco based hardware.
In October 2003, Agile installed its own equipment in the Telstra exchange at Meningie, South Australia to provide ADSL to a town where Telstra was yet to provide broadband ADSL. This made it the first exchange in Australia where ADSL was available, but not through Telstra.
In late 2003, Agile began a rollout of a national network, an Optic Fibre based IP network running on STM-1 Packet over Sonet(POS) links to connect all Agile POPs across Australia.
The national network currently extends to Adelaide, Melbourne, Brisbane, Sydney, Perth, Canberra and Hobart. In 2005, Agile extended their national network to the US with points of presence in Los Angeles and San Jose.
From 2007 Agile designed and rolled out a broadband service using licensed fixed WiMax radio technology across the Coorong and Yorke Peninsula regions of South Australia. The service was retailed to customers by Internode and regional Internode resellers.
The Agile International network has become the core of the international network of iiNet and Internode following the acquisition of the Internode company group by iiNet.

</doc>
<doc id="5891388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891388" title="Beška">
Beška

Beška () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, in the region of Syrmia (Syrmia District), in Inđija municipality. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and a population numbering 6,239 people (2002 census).
History.
In the archeological site of Kalakača findings of Early Bosut culture (Bosut-Basarabi) with traits of Gava culture dating to the 9th century BC
It was first mentioned in 1564. During Ottoman rule (16th-17th century) the village of Beška was populated by Serbs. During Habsburg rule, ethnic Germans settled there. Following World War II in Yugoslavia, the German population fled the village, while new inhabitants mostly from Croatia settled in the village in place of the Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="5891390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891390" title="Mike Friday">
Mike Friday

Mike Friday (born 25 April 1972, in Chichester) is the former England Rugby Union Sevens head coach. He was named to the position near the end of the 2003/2004 season after serving for three years as assistant to Joe Lydon.
He resigned from the role at the end of 2006 in order to take up a business role in The City of London.
In June 2010 Friday announced his involvement in RuckingBall.com, an online community for the development of school-boy rugby, coaches and parents.
Mike Friday was on Friday 25 May 2012 appointed as coach of the Kenya sevens Rugby team by the Kenyan Rugby Football Union.
He led the Kenya 7s team to one of its best performances in Wellington New Zealand, on 2 February 2013, to the final versus England which Kenya lost 19-24 during extra time.
He was reportedly fired by the Director of National Squads and Elite Performance, Philip Jalang'o, barely a day after leading the Kenyan Sevens team to a series high of 99 points in the HSBC London Series in May 2013 where Kenya finished 5th overall. This decision was however denied by the chair of the Kenya Rugby Union Mwangi Muthee, with Philip Jalang'o losing his job as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="5891391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891391" title="Sean St Ledger">
Sean St Ledger

Sean Patrick St Ledger-Hall (born 28 December 1984), known as Sean St Ledger, is a professional footballer who plays as a defender. He is currently a free agent after being released by Leicester City and he is currently in the Republic of Ireland national team.
He was part of the team that lost controversially to France in the play-offs for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, later playing and scoring in UEFA Euro 2012. His equaliser against Croatia at Stadion Miejski in Poznań on 10 June 2012 introduced St Ledger into an elite club of Irish goalscorers at the UEFA European Football Championship.
St Ledger's career started with Peterborough United. He had stints at Preston North End and a loan spell with Middlesbrough before his move to Leicester City in 2011.
Club career.
Peterborough United.
St Ledger's career started in the youth system at Peterborough United in 2001, before joining the first team in 2002, playing mostly as a central defender, though occasionally as a full back or in midfield where he earned the nickname "Seb St Ledger". He joined Football Conference club Stevenage Borough on loan in January 2004. He featured in Sky's series "Big Ron Manager", a behind the scenes look at Peterborough United's struggle to enter the Football League Two play-offs at the end of the 2005–06 season.
Preston North End.
After a trial with Birmingham City on Barry Fry's recommendation, St Ledger signed a three-year contract with Preston North End in July 2006 for a fee of £225,000. On 5 August 2006, St Ledger made his debut for Preston in a 0–0 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at centre half alongside fellow new signing Liam Chilvers. On 9 April 2007, St Ledger scored his first goal for Preston in a 3–2 loss against Southend United. In his first season at Deepdale, St Ledger made 42 appearances whilst scoring one goal as Preston, who had been top of the league mid-season, failed to retain a playoff berth come May.
St Ledger began the 2007–08 season as first choice centre half alongside Youl Mawéné, scoring his second goal for Preston in a 1–0 win over Coventry City on 9 February 2008. The following week, St Ledger received the first red card of his Preston career in a 2–1 defeat at Colchester United, St Ledger taking out United's Karl Duguid as he went through on goal. St Ledger made 37 appearances for Preston during 2007/08 as the Lilywhites were guided clear of the relegation thanks to a late upturn in results under new manager Alan Irvine.
St Ledger's third and probably most impressive season came in 2008/09 with St Ledger scoring six goals against Watford, Barnsley, Derby, Wolves, QPR and Sheffield Wednesday as the Lancashire club reached the League One Playoff Semi-finals. It was St Ledger's late winner in a 2–1 victory over QPR that clinched the final playoff spot on the last day of the season, heading in a long throw by Jon Parkin. St Ledger made 47 appearances in 2008/09 as well as playing in both legs of the playoff semi final against Sheffield United which Preston lost 1–2 on aggregate. 
St Ledger started 2009/10 as impressively as he had done the previous season but after only seven appearances for Preston, St Ledger joined Middlesbrough on loan with a view to a £4 million permanent move come the January transfer window. Rumours at the time told of how club chairman Derek Shaw informed St Ledger on the Preston team coach travelling to that evening's fixture at Scunthorpe that he had to join 'Boro as cash-strapped Preston needed the transfer money. St Ledger left his team mates en route to Lincolnshire and headed for Teesside. St Ledger went on to make 22 appearances for Preston in what became a nightmare season as he saw mentor Alan Irvine sacked one game after his return from Middlesbrough. The centre half scored two further goals against Plymouth and West Brom and Preston hung on to Championship status under Irvine's replacement Darren Ferguson.
St Ledger's final season at Deepdale came in 2010–11 and was blighted by injury and loss of form as Preston struggled under Ferguson. Despite Ferguson's dismissal in December 2010 and an eventual improvement in results under successor Phil Brown, St Ledger could not help Preston being relegated to League One. St Ledger played his final game for Preston on 19 March 2011 at home to Coventry before injury finished his season early. In his fifth and final season, St Ledger played 32 times from Preston, scoring his final goal for the club during the campaign at Watford in a 2–2 draw. Considered too good for League One football and with Preston desperate for both money from transfers and from a drop in the wage bill St Ledger left Deepdale in the summer of 2011 to join Leicester City.
Middlesbrough (loan).
In September 2009, St Ledger joined Middlesbrough on an initial three-month loan deal with a view to a permanent transfer in the January transfer window, however after failing to settle in the north east, the move was not made permanent and St Ledger returned to Preston. He made his full debut for Boro in September 2009 against West Bromwich Albion. St Ledger scored his first goal for Middlesbrough against Coventry City in late September. The loan spell proved to be an unhappy move for St Ledger who saw manager Gareth Southgate sacked shortly after signing the defender. St Ledger quickly fell out with new manager Gordon Strachan and was told he was no longer part of the Scotman's plans. St Ledger returned to Preston after his loan deal at Middlesbrough expired, failing to sign the permanent deal originally agreed by the two clubs earlier in the season.
Leicester City.
On 4 July 2011, St Ledger joined Leicester City on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee. He made his debut on 17 August 2011 in a 2–1 loss to Bristol City. After a row with manager Nigel Pearson on being unhappy about being dropped for the Boxing Day fixture against Ipswich Town, St Ledger was told he would never play for the Midlands club again and was transfer listed. Leicester and Ipswich Town agreed a fee for the defender but Ipswich manager Paul Jewell said although everything was agreed an injury in training to Leicester defender Aleksander Tunchev put the deal on hold as St Ledger was needed for cover. After Sol Bamba also left for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations the following week Leicester were forced to bring St Ledger back into the team because of lack of cover. St Ledger impressed on being brought back into the team, with Pearson saying he was "delighted with his performances," so much so that he was taken off the transfer list and his proposed transfer to Ipswich was cancelled. St Ledger then became a permanent fixture in Nigel Pearson's side. On 28 May St Ledger announced he had been told by Leicester City he was surplus to requirements and had been advised to look for a new club. St Ledger made his first appearance of the 2013–14 season in Leicester's 2-1 opening day win over Middlesbrough and in the League Cup he scored the winner in a 2-1 win over Wycombe Wanderers. These would turn out to be his only appearances of the season as he suffered a recurrence of the groin injury that caused him to miss a large part of the previous season. Despite this, he was presented with a winner's medal as Leicester were promoted to the Premier League as champions. He was released by the club on 9 May 2014.
International career.
Although born in England, St Ledger is eligible to play for the Republic of Ireland because his grandfather is from Carlow. He made his debut in a friendly against Nigeria at Craven Cottage on 29 May 2009, and played his first competitive match a week later, a 1–1 draw away to Bulgaria in a qualifying game for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. St Ledger scored his first goal for Ireland in a 2–2 with Italy at Croke Park, Dublin, in a FIFA World Cup qualifier in October 2009. The goal gave Ireland a late lead against the World Champions and was almost St Ledger's "Ray Houghton" moment, guaranteeing him iconic status in only his sixth appearance, only for Alberto Gilardino to score an even later equaliser for the Italians.
On 12 October 2010, St Ledger scored his second goal for Ireland in a UEFA Euro 2012 qualifier against Slovakia which finished 1–1. 
On 10 June 2012, he scored his third international goal against Croatia in Ireland's first group stage game at UEFA Euro 2012. His header was the equaliser to make the score 1–1 after Ireland had fallen behind in the first half, though they lost the game 3–1. It turned out to be the team's only goal of the competition, as they exited the group stage with three defeats from three games and nine goals conceded. On 11 June 2013, at Yankee Stadium Sean St Ledger thought that he had scored his fourth goal for Ireland but it was ruled out further replays show that Simon Cox was in an offside position when he kneed the ball to Ledger to put it in Spain won 2–0.

</doc>
<doc id="5891409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891409" title="L'amico Fritz">
L'amico Fritz

"L'amico Fritz" is an opera in three acts by Pietro Mascagni, premiered in 1891 from a libretto by P. Suardon (Nicola Daspuro) (with additions by Giovanni Targioni-Tozzetti), based on the French novel "L'ami Fritz" by Émile Erckmann and Pierre-Alexandre Chatrian.
While the opera enjoyed some success in its day and is probably Mascagni's most famous work after "Cavalleria rusticana", today it is performed far more rarely than "Cavalleria", which remains Mascagni's only enduringly popular work in America (though in Italy, "L'amico Fritz" and "Iris" are still in the active repertoire). The "Cherry Duet" between Fritz and Suzel in Act 2 is the best known piece in the opera and has never left the duet repertoire.
Performance history.
The opera was first performed in Rome at the Teatro Costanzi, on 31 October 1891. Other first performances include those in Hamburg on 16 January 1892 with Gustav Mahler conducting; in London on 23 May 1892 at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden; and in
Australia on 19 October 1893 at the Princess's Theatre in Melbourne.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
"The dining room of Fritz Kobus’ house"
Fritz Kobus, a wealthy landowner is in discussion with his friend David, the local rabbi. Despite his disdain for marriage Fritz agrees to provide the dowry for a young couple. Fritz’s friends join him to celebrate his birthday. He is presented with a bouquet by Suzel, the daughter of one of his tenants. She joins the birthday celebration and is moved when the gypsy Beppe enters playing his violin. When Suzel leaves David comments that she will make a good bride and that he will find her a husband. Fritz protests that she is too young. They argue about marriage and Fritz bets David one of his vineyards that he will never marry.
Act 2.
"The courtyard of a farm"
Suzel is preparing to pick cherries as the farmers go out to the fields. Fritz approaches and helps her.. They sing of the enchantment of the spring and the flowers. Fritz’s friends arrive and Fritz leaves to look over the farms. David stays behind to talk to Suzel. When he suggests that she might be a bride, she becomes embarrassed and leaves. Fritz returns and David mentions that he thinks he has found the right man for Suzel to marry. Fritz becomes visibly upset and, left alone, realizes that he is in love with the girl.
Act 3.
"The dining room of Fritz Kobus’ house"
Fritz cannot banish thoughts of Suzel. Beppe enters and attempts to cheer him up with a song, but Fritz becomes even more depressed. David arrives and tells Fritz that Suzel is engaged to a fine young man and her father will soon ask for Fritz’s blessing. Enraged, Fritz says that he will refuse and leaves. Suzel enters sadly but David insists that everything will be alright. He leaves her alone and she voices her despair and love for Fritz. Fritz enters and asks about her engagement. He quickly senses that she does not love her intended. Fritz reveals his feelings for her and the two admit their love. David enters and declares that he has won his wager with Fritz, telling him that he is going to give his winnings, Fritz’s vineyard, to Suzel as a wedding present. <Sarasota Opera program notes, 2009>

</doc>
<doc id="5891459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891459" title="Shiller">
Shiller

Shiller is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5891467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891467" title="Paul Laverty">
Paul Laverty

Paul Laverty (born 1957 in Calcutta, India) is a Scottish lawyer and scriptwriter.
Birth and early career.
Paul Laverty was born in Calcutta, India, to an Irish mother and Scottish father. He obtained a Philosophy degree at the Gregorian University in Rome. Thereafter he obtained a law degree at Strathclyde Law School, in Glasgow.
During the mid-1980s he travelled to Nicaragua and lived there for almost three years. He worked for a Nicaraguan domestic human rights organisation which provided hard evidence of human rights abuses during the war between the elected Nicaraguan Government (The Sandinistas) and the United States backed "Contras" in which the subject of human rights became highly contested. Every major human rights organisation including Amnesty and Americas Watch accused the US backed contras of systematic abuse against Nicaraguan civilians. He travelled to the war-zones and obtained corroborated eye witness accounts which were passed on to international human rights organisations. He also travelled widely in El Salvador, during its civil war, and Guatemala, too. (His interests in Latin America affairs continued much later with long research trips to Chiapas in Mexico, and along the US-Mexican border concentrating on the city of Juárez.)
Scriptwriting.
After his time in Central America Laverty made contact with director Ken Loach for whom he wrote "Carla's Song", his first screenplay, which starred Robert Carlyle. For his acting in "My Name is Joe", Peter Mullan won the Best Actor award at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival. "Bread and Roses", detailing the experiences of migrant labour, was shot in Los Angeles, and featured Adrien Brody in a leading role. Laverty's next script, "Sweet Sixteen" won best screenplay award in the 2002 Cannes Film Festival. 
In 2005 the two men collaborated on "The Wind That Shakes the Barley" which concerns Irish War of Independence in early 1920s. The film won the Palme d'Or at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival. Laverty has written eight full length feature scripts and one short directed by Ken Loach and they have several other projects in development. Both work closely with producer Rebecca O'Brien. Loach's comedy featuring the French footballer Eric Cantona, "Looking for Eric", is a collaborative effort with Laverty, as is his film about mercenaries in Iraq, "Route Irish".
Before writing Laverty likes to immerse himself in the world of the film and carries out detailed research before writing the first draft. While he continues to work with Ken Loach he has other feature projects in development with other directors.
His most recent screenplays have been published in book form by Route. Looking For Eric, Route Irish and Even the Rain.

</doc>
<doc id="5891468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891468" title="Ultraz">
Ultraz

Ultraz is a Fluoroelastomeric compound developed by Aquasyn specifically for the biopharmaceutical industry. A base resistant compound with excellent steam resistance, Ultraz performance far exceeds the baselines of EPDM or PTFE. It is typically used as a membrane material in hygienic diaphragm Valves. In biological applications with periodic steam sterilization requirements, Ultraz demonstrates the temperature resistance of PTFE and the flexibility of EPDM. It is low protein binding, flexible and temperature resistant. USP class VI, cytotoxicity and heavy metals tests have been performed and it has been in use in the pharmaceutical industry for more than ten years.

</doc>
<doc id="5891486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891486" title="Peter Lovesey">
Peter Lovesey

Peter (Harmer) Lovesey (born 1936), also known by his pen name Peter Lear, is a British writer of historical and contemporary detective novels and short stories. His best-known series characters are Sergeant Cribb, a Victorian-era police detective based in London, and Peter Diamond, a modern-day police detective in Bath.
Biography.
Peter Lovesey lives near Chichester. His son Phil Lovesey also writes crime novels. His son was born in 1963 and worked as an English teacher at Wolverhampton Grammar School until the end of the autumn 2012.
Bibliography.
Lovesey's novels and stories mainly fall into the category of entertaining puzzlers in the "Golden Age" tradition of mystery writing.
Most of Peter Lovesey's writing has been done under his own name. However, he did write three novels under the pen name Peter Lear.
Lovesey's novels and short stories have won him a number of awards, including both the Gold and Silver Daggers of the Crime Writers' Association, of which he was chairman in 1991/92.[http://www.thecwa.co.uk/daggers/gold.html] In 2000, he received the Cartier Diamond Dagger Award for lifetime achievement in crime writing.
Sergeant Cribb novels.
Television.
The television series "Cribb" (1980–81) is available on DVD in the UK, the US, and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5891504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891504" title="Triunia">
Triunia

Triunia is a genus of medium to tall shrubs or small trees found as understorey plants in rainforests of eastern Australia. Members of the plant family Proteaceae, they are notable for their poisonous fleshy fruits or drupes. Only one species, "T. youngiana", is commonly seen in cultivation.
Taxonomy.
Lawrie Johnson and Barbara G. Briggs described the genus "Triunia" in their 1975 monograph "". The group of species in this genus was previously recognised as a subgenus, "Macadamiopsis", of "Helicia" by Hermann Sleumer in 1955. "T. youngiana" was made the type species. This plant had originally been described in 1864 as "Helicia youngiana" before being transferred to the genus "Macadamia". 
They initially placed the genus in its own subtribe, Triuniinae, within the tribe Helicieae. More recently, they have been placed in the tribe Roupaleae, though their position within this is unclear.
Description.
The members of the genus grow as shrubs to small trees, with simple green obovate to elliptical leaves and new growth covered in reddish hairs. The flowers are fragrant and arranged in terminal racemes. Flowers are followed by small round red fruit, which are highly toxic. The seeds are round.
Habitat and ecology.
The four species grow naturally only in eastern Australia between Dorrigo in mid-northern New South Wales and the Wet Tropics rainforests region of north-eastern Queensland. They grow in uplands and mountains rainforests, where they form part of the understorey.
Two species grow naturally in south-eastern Queensland and one of them grows further southwards through to north-eastern New South Wales. Two other species are only known to grow about to the north in the uplands and mountains rainforests of the Wet Tropics region of north-eastern Queensland.
Cultivation.
In cultivation, all four species grow into garden shrubs with attractive foliage, flowers and fruit, and can tolerate heavy shade to full sun. They require fair to good soil drainage and can be propagated by seed or cutting.

</doc>
<doc id="5891510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891510" title="Gran Premio del Jockey Club">
Gran Premio del Jockey Club

The Gran Premio del Jockey Club is a Group 1 flat horse race in Italy open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Milan over a distance of 2,400 metres (about 1½ miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year in October.
The event is named after the Jockey Club Italiano, a racing organisation based in Milan. It was established in 1921, and was initially contested over 1,800 metres.
The race was run over 2,000 metres in 1926 and 1927. It was extended to its current distance of 2,400 metres in 1928.
Records.
Most successful horse (2 wins):
Leading jockey since 1970 (6 wins):
Leading trainer since 1970 (4 wins):
Leading owner since 1970 (4 wins):
Earlier winners.
1 The 1949 race was a dead-heat and has joint winners.<br>2 Balmerino finished first in 1977, but he was relegated to second place following a stewards' inquiry.

</doc>
<doc id="5891529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891529" title="Nomenclature of monoclonal antibodies">
Nomenclature of monoclonal antibodies

The nomenclature of monoclonal antibodies is a naming scheme for assigning generic, or nonproprietary, names to monoclonal antibodies. An antibody is a protein that is produced in B cells and used by the immune system of humans and other vertebrate animals to identify a specific foreign object like a bacterium or a virus. "Monoclonal" antibodies are those that were produced in identical cells, often artificially, and so share the same target object. They have a wide range of applications including medical uses.
This naming scheme is used for both the World Health Organization’s International Nonproprietary Names (INN) and the United States Adopted Names (USAN) for pharmaceuticals. In general, word stems are used to identify classes of drugs, in most cases placed word-finally. All monoclonal antibody names end with the stem "-mab". Unlike most other pharmaceuticals, monoclonal antibody nomenclature uses different preceding word parts (morphemes) depending on structure and function. These are officially called "substems" and sometimes erroneously "infixes", even by the USAN Council itself.
Components.
Stem.
The stem "-mab" is used for monoclonal antibodies as well as for their fragments, as long as at least one variable domain (the domain that contains the target binding structure) is included. This is the case for antigen binding fragments and single-chain variable fragments, among other artificial proteins. Other antibody parts (such as Fc regions) and antibody mimetics use different naming schemes.
Substem for origin/source.
The substem preceding the stem denotes the animal from which the antibody is obtained. The first monoclonal antibodies were produced in mice (substem "-o-", yielding the ending "-omab"; usually "Mus musculus", the house mouse) or other non-human organisms. Neither INN nor USAN has ever been requested for antibodies from rats (theoretically "-a-"), hamsters ("-e-") and primates ("-i-").
These non-human antibodies are recognized as foreign by the human immune system and may be rapidly cleared from the body, provoke an allergic reaction, or both. To avoid this, parts of the antibody can be replaced with human amino acid sequences, or pure human antibodies can be engineered. If the constant region is replaced with the human form, the antibody is termed "chimeric" and the substem used is "-xi-". Part of the variable regions may also be substituted, in which case it is called "humanized" and "-zu-" is used; typically, everything is replaced except the complementarity determining regions (CDRs), the three loops of amino acid sequences at the outside of each variable region that bind to the target structure. Partly chimeric and partly humanized antibodies use "-xizu-". These three substems do not indicate the foreign species used for production. Thus, the human/mouse chimeric antibody basiliximab ends in "-ximab" just as the human/macaque antibody gomiliximab. Pure human antibodies use "-u-".
Rat/mouse hybrid antibodies can be engineered with binding sites for two different antigens. These drugs, termed "trifunctional antibodies", have the substem "-axo-".
Substem for target.
The substem preceding the source of the antibody refers to the medicine's target. Examples of targets are tumors, organ systems like the circulatory system, or infectious agents like bacteria or viruses. The term "target" does not imply what sort of action the antibody exerts. Therapeutic, prophylactic and diagnostic agents are not distinguished by this nomenclature.
In the naming scheme as originally developed, these substems mostly consist of a consonant, a vowel, then another consonant. The final letter may be dropped if the resulting name would be difficult to pronounce otherwise. Examples include "-ci(r)-" for the circulatory system, "-li(m)-" for the immune system ("lim" stands for lymphocyte) and "-ne(r)-" for the nervous system. The final letter is usually omitted if the following source substem begins with a consonant (such as "-zu-" or "-xi-"), but not all target substems are used in their shortened form. "-mul-", for example, is never reduced to "-mu-" because no chimeric or humanized antibodies targeting the musculoskeletal system ever received an INN. Combination of target and source substems results in endings like "-limumab" (immune system, human) or "-ciximab" (circulatory system, chimeric, consonant "r" dropped).
New and shorter target substems were adopted in 2009. They mostly consist of a consonant, plus a vowel which is omitted if the source substem begins with a vowel. For example, human antibodies targeting the immune system receive names ending in "-lumab" instead of the old "-limumab". Some endings like "-ciximab" remain unchanged. The old system employed seven different substems for tumor targets, depending on the type of tumor. Because many antibodies are investigated for several tumor types, the new convention only has "-t(u)-".
Prefix.
The prefix carries no special meaning. It should be unique for each medicine and contribute to a well sounding name. This means that antibodies with the same source and target substems are only distinguished by their prefix. Even antibodies targeting exactly the same structure are differently prefixed, such as the "ada"limumab and "go"limumab, both of which are TNF inhibitors but differ in their chemical structure.
Additional words.
A second word following the name of the antibody indicates that another substance is attached, which is done for several reasons.
History.
Emil von Behring and Kitasato Shibasaburō discovered in 1890 that diphtheria and tetanus toxins were neutralized in the bloodstream of animals by substances they called "antitoxins", which were specific for the respective toxin. Behring received the first Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their find in 1901. A year after the discovery, Paul Ehrlich used the term "antibodies" (German "Antikörper") for these antitoxins.
The principle of monoclonal antibody production, called hybridoma technology, was published in 1975 by Georges Köhler and César Milstein, who were awarded the 1984 Medicine Nobel Prize for their discovery together with Niels Kaj Jerne. Muromonab-CD3 was the first monoclonal antibody to be approved for clinical use in humans, in 1986.
The World Health Organization (WHO) introduced the system of International Nonproprietary Names in 1950, with the first INN list being published three years later. The stem "-mab" for monoclonal antibodies was proposed around 1990, and the current system with target and source substems was developed between 1991 and 1993. Due to the collaboration between the WHO and the United States Adopted Names Council, antibody USANs have the same structure and are largely identical to INNs. Until 2009, more than 170 monoclonal antibodies received names following this nomenclature.
In October 2008, the WHO convoked a working group to revise the nomenclature of monoclonal antibodies, to meet challenges discussed in April the same year. This led to the adoption of the new target substems in November 2009. In spring 2010, the first new antibody names were adopted.

</doc>
<doc id="5891544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891544" title="Gongbo'gyamda County">
Gongbo'gyamda County

Gongbo'gyamda County (; Chinese: 工布江达县; Pinyin: Gōngbùjiāngdá Xiàn) is a county of the Nyingtri Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region, lying approximately 275 km east of Lhasa at its central point. Its main geographical feature is Lake Basum Tso, a green lake of some 3700 metres above sea level. 
Etymology.
"Gongbo'gyamda" means "great outlet of the valley" in Tibetan.
Geography.
Gongbo'gyamda County is located in the east of the Tibet Autonomous Region, to the south of the Nyainqentanglha Mountains, to the north of the Yarlung Tsangpo River and in the area of the middle branches of the Nyang River. With a population of 220,00, the county covers an area of 12,886 square kilometres. The average altitude of the county is 3,500 metres above sea level. The Gonggo Lake, with a total area of 26 square kilometres, is a famous lake.
Economy and reserves.
Water resources is abundant in Gongbo'gyamda County. The species of animals include leopard, red deer, black bear, brown bear, otter, monkey and black-necked crane, etc. There are almost a hundred of species of plants in the county, such as aweto, fritillaria and snow lotus, etc. 
Block raising is the main industry of the county. The Sichuan-Tibet Highway crosses the county. The total length of all roads reaches 380 kilometres. 

</doc>
<doc id="5891546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891546" title="The Temple and the Lodge">
The Temple and the Lodge

The Temple and the Lodge is a book written by Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh that claims to trace a link between the suppressed Knights Templar and modern day Freemasonry. The book is usually described as "speculative history", although the Borders chain lists it as "Pseudohistory".
Synopsis.
The thesis of the book is that after the Knights Templar were suppressed for heresy at the bequest of the King of France some elements found refuge in Scotland where they helped the Scots in their fight for independence from the English.
It also claims that many of the people behind the American Revolution were Freemasons, as were some of the less successful British commanders such as Howe and Cornwallis, who they claim intentionally lost some of the battles to prevent the destruction of America's economic base.
Release.
It was originally published in London by Jonathan Cape in 1988. The first U.S. printing was by Arcade Publishing in New York in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="5891556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891556" title="Mainling County">
Mainling County

Mainling County (; ) is a county of the Nyingtri Prefecture in eastern Tibet Autonomous Region.
Geography.
Mainling County is located in the central-west of the Nyingtri Prefecture, at the middle reaches of the Yarlung Tsangpo River, and between the Nyenchen Tanglha Mountains and the Himalayan Mountains. It covers an area of 9,471 square kilometres. The average altitude is 3,700 metres above sea level.
Economy.
The mine resources of the county are gold dust, plaster, limestone, chromium and iron, etc.
The main economy style in Mainling County is farming and forest industry. The main species of the trees are fir, spruce, pine, oak, and cypress, etc. The total cumulation volume of woods is 40 million cubic metres. The special fruit productions are apples, apple pears, walnuts and peaches.
Nyingchi Mainling Airport is the third airport in the Tibet Autonomous Region.
Demography.
In 1999 the county had a population of 17347 inhabitants.
The county is home to the Lhoba people.

</doc>
<doc id="5891558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891558" title="Mêdog County">
Mêdog County

Mêdog, Metok, or Motuo County (; ) is a county of the Nyingtri Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region of People's Republic of China. Chinese claims include parts of Arunachal Pradesh, south of the McMahon Line, what was casus belli for the 1962 Sino-Indian War.
Geography.
Medog County is located in the southeast of the Tibet Autonomous Region and at the lower branch of Yarlung Tsangpo River. Medog County covers an area of . The average altitude of the county is above sea level.་Metok county is also called Pemakö.
The route for hiking to Medog: Paizhen(派镇)-Songlinkou(松林口)-Lage(拉格)-Hanmi(汗密)-Aniqiao(阿尼桥)-Beibengxiang(背崩)-Modog(墨脱)
Climate and wildlife.
Medog has a favourable climate caused by the relatively low elevations in parts of the county (down to just 600 m above sea level in the Yarlung Zangbo river valley) and by the South Asian monsoon, which brings moisture from the Indian Ocean. The area is lush and covered with trees and includes the Medog National Animal and Plant Reserve Area. It has more than 3,000 species of plants, 42 species of rare animals under special state protection, and over a thousand hexapod species.
Highway.
In December, 2010 the Chinese government announced completion of a highway to Mêdog County, the last county in China which did not have road access.
Economy.
Farming is the main industry in Medog County. It is abundant with paddy, soybean, cotton and gingeli, etc. Hairy deerhorn, gastrodia tuber, muskiness, and hedgehog hydnum, etc. are special products of the area.
Demography.
Medog county has a population of 12000, and most people who live in the county are of Tshangla ethnic minority and Lhoba ethnic group. The most renowned part of Medog is known as Pemako. Its inhabitants speak a form of Monpa or Tshangla (Chinese: , "Cāngluò") related to that spoken in eastern Bhutan. They practice the Nyingma tradition of Tibetan Buddhism.
Pemako is surely not a homogeneous society, different ethnic people lived here from many years, people like Pemakopas (Tsangla), Kongpowas, Poba Tibetans and Lopas (Adi, mishis etc.) live here but Pemakopas make up the majority about 65-70% of the total population of 10,000-15,000, remaining are Khampas, kongpowas and Lopas. (According to 2001 census in Metok county (Dzong) there are about 10,000 people ). In exile Pemakopa people spread through the world, but mainly concentrated in Tibetan Settlement of Miao choephelling, Tezu Dhargyeling, Tuting and area, Orissa-Jerang camp, Tibetan Women Centre - Rajpur, Clementown, Delhi area, some in Europe and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="5891560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891560" title="Bomê County">
Bomê County

Bomê County (, Chinese: 波密县; Pinyin: Bōmì Xiàn) is a county of the Nyingchi Prefecture in the south-east of the Tibet Autonomous Region.
The population was 27,169 in 1999.
Bomai "(sPo smad)" or Boyü "(sPo yul)" ("Pome" or "Poyul" in Western accounts) was the seat of a quasi-independent kingdom until the early 20th century when troops of the Dalai Lama's Lhasa government integrated it forcefully into the central Tibetan realm.
The kingdom of sPo bo, or sPo yul (“country of sPo”) was an off-shoot of the ancient dynasty of the first Tibetan kings of the Yarlung Valley. Its inhabitants had a reputation as fearsome savages which meant most travellers kept clear of it and so it was one of the least known areas in the Tibetan traditional feudal establishment.
Its isolation was also enhanced by the belief by a great number of Tibetans that in its borders was one of the 'hidden lands' or beyul () referred to in the prophecies of Guru Rinpoche. sPo ba’s area of control far exceeded the boundaries of Bomê County. The kingdom acted as a protecting power from the Klo pa tribes for the streams of Tibetan pilgrims searching for this Promised Land in the East Himalayas from the mid-seventeenth century. Its power extended south over the Doshong La pass, to include the location of one of these earthly paradises called Padma bkod (written variously Pema köd, Pemakö and Pemako), literally 'Lotus Array', a region in the North-Eastern Province of Upper Siang of Arunachal Pradesh. Accounts of this terrestrial paradise influenced James Hilton's Shangri-La.
A period of instability overtook the kingdom after Chinese incursions in 1905 and 1911. By 1931 the Lhasa government had expelled the last "Ka gnam sde pa" ('king') and established two garrisons.

</doc>
<doc id="5891567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891567" title="Zayü County">
Zayü County

Zayü County, or Chayu County, is a county of the Nyingtri Prefecture in the southeast of the Tibet Autonomous Region, bordering India and Burma to the south and Yunnan province to the southeast.
Chinese claims include parts of Arunachal Pradesh, south of the McMahon Line, what was casus belli for the 1962 Sino-Indian War.
Geography and climate.
Besides India, Burma, and Yunnan, Zayü borders Zogang County to the north and Mêdog County to the southwest. It has an area of , and is located in an area of highly varying topography, including deep canyons such as that of the Nu River. Elevations generally decrease from northwest to southeast, with a maximal variation of : in the county, areas near the southern border have an elevation of , while there are 10 peaks over , the highest being Kawagarbo in the Meili Xue Shan at . The county has an average elevation of .
Owing to its moderate elevation (for Tibet), Zayü has a subtropical highland climate (Köppen "Cwb"), a rarity in Tibet, with mild and quite dry winters, and warm, rainy summers. The rainy season lasts from March to September, and June through August each average more than 20 days of rainfall per month. The monthly daily average temperature ranges from in January to in July, and the annual mean is . The frost-free period is 280 days annually. Here, the diurnal temperature range is not large, maxing out at in November. Its climate is well-suited to support a variety of agricultural and forestry products.

</doc>
<doc id="5891570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891570" title="Nang County">
Nang County

Nang County, Nangxian, or Langxian (; ) is a county of the Nyingtri Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region, 

</doc>
<doc id="5891574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891574" title="Ogopa Deejays">
Ogopa Deejays

Ogopa Deejays are a Kenyan music production team and record label formed in the late 1990s which gained regional fame and popularity due to standards of their production work.
Background.
They started out producing hit songs for artists such as Bebe Cool, Chameleone and Redsan. They are widely acclaimed to have helped boost the Kenyan urban music scene from obscurity. They are also credited with creating the Boomba (sometimes referred to as Kapuka) style of Kenyan music which is modern hip hop and dancehall influenced by African drums and rhythms. They later formed Ogopa Productions which apart from music production also organizes events. 
They have released three compilation albums and several albums by their artists. Their first album was released in 2001 and was a widely popular in East Africa. It also introduced fans to the talent of the late E-Sir and K-Rupt. They are famous for their logo of a red face screaming. A music producer from Virginia, USA, gave the group a chance to showcase their musical talent in 2003. Ticket's sold out about 3 hours, which is record time for this group. Ultimately the show was a huge success and the group plans to start a world tour in 2013. People behind Ogopa DJ's are brothers Francis and Lucas Bikedo, and manager Banda. They rarely show their faces in public and do not agree to have their photos taken or published by Kenyan media.
Their studios are located in South B estate of Nairobi. They have also started a sister label operating in Namibia and South Africa, known as Ogopa Butterfly. They have produced for Namibian, Windhoek based girl duo, Gal Level, and Kenyan-Namibian musician Faizel MC.
List of signed artists.
List of artists who have been signed to Ogopa Deejays label for at least part of their career (artists who have occasionally recorded with Ogopa are excluded)

</doc>
<doc id="5891581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891581" title="Igor Levitin">
Igor Levitin

Igor Yevgeniyevich Levitin () (born February 21, 1952) is a Russian political figure who was Minister of Transport from March 9, 2004, until May 21, 2012.
Between 1973 and 1980 Levitin served in the Soviet armed forces in Odessa and then with the Armies Southern Division. From 1983 to 1985, he was Military Commandant of the Urgal station and Baikal and from 1985 to 1994, Military Commandant and Deputy Head of Moscow Military Railway Communications Service.
From 1994 to 1996, he was a member of the Railways Reform commission which created the Russian Railways Company as part of its reform program.
Between 1996 and 2004 he had worked for Severstaltrans, and was appointed deputy director in 1998 before eventually becoming Russian Transport Minister in 2004. He resigned from office in 2012 and was replaced by Maksim Sokolov.
On May 22, 2012, he was appointed presidential adviser.
Developments under Levitin.
Levitin met with Serik Akhmetov, on October 25, 2006. Akhmetov proposed building a transport corridor using preexisting roads from southern Kazakhstan through Kazan and Orenburg to St. Petersburg. Levitin said the Russian Government would consider the proposal, but that it wanted the corridor to go through Chelyabinsk. They also discussed the "transit of planes from Asia to Europe" and transportation through the Caspian Sea. Levitin made a trip to Aqtau to further discuss sea transportation. On November 9 Akhmetov and Levitin met in Aqtau and signed an agreement that created a train and ferry link between Aqtau and Makhachkala ports. The first ferry carried 52 freight cars of grain and oil products on November 10.

</doc>
<doc id="5891585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891585" title="Acoustic Guitars (band)">
Acoustic Guitars (band)

Acoustic Guitars is a Danish musical quintet influenced by Spanish, Arab and Indian music. It was formed by Mikkel Nordsø, Christian Ratzer, and Steen Kyed. Later Klavs Nordsø joined, and recently Ole Theill.
On the 1987 album "Acoustic Guitars" the famous NHØP appears as a guest star. 
Discography.
On Sundance Records:
<br>
On Columbia Records:

</doc>
<doc id="5891589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891589" title="Gerfalcon (novel)">
Gerfalcon (novel)

Gerfalcon is a fantasy novel by Leslie Barringer, the first book in his three volume Neustrian Cycle. It is set around the fourteenth century in an alternate medieval France called Neustria (historically an early division of the Frankish kingdom).
Chapter headings of the 1927 edition: 
Plot.
Raoul, the young heir to the barony of Marckmont (described as "a blend of elf and owl and boy") grows up to become a sensitive, intelligent young man who prefers reading and song to the so-called knightly virtues of war and slaughter. At seventeen, he takes off on his own and thus begin a series of adventures that will try and mature him. Along the way, he falls in love, survives attempted murder, saves Red Anne (Mistress of the Witches' Coven of the Singing Stones), and is forced to join a band of outlaws, where his life is one of constant danger. Only after many more thrilling incidents does he finally comes into his inheritance.
Reception.
"The Illustrated London News" called the book "a moving story, faultlessly treated" and "a mediæval romance strongly to be recommended" which "he spirit of the Middle Ages moves through."

</doc>
<doc id="5891592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891592" title="Teledata Networks">
Teledata Networks

Teledata Networks was a global provider of Access network solutions for Telecom Service Providers. The company created solutions that enable service providers to migrate to Next Generation Networks (NGN), and also support a Triple Play service portfolio.
History.
Teledata Networks was founded in 1981 as Teledata Communications Ltd. and listed on the NASDAQ in 1992 under the Ticker Symbol TLDCF. In 1998 it was acquired by ADC Telecommunications for $200 million and changed its name to ADC Teledata.
Since 2005 the company is a privately owned, in which the major shareholders are the Kardan group, Elron Electronic Industries, Infinity Private Equity Fund - an Israeli-Chinese equity fund, and the company’s management and employees.
Customers.
The company had an installed base of millions of lines in over 100 countries worldwide, including Germany (Deutsche Telekom), Turkey (Turk Telekom), Brazil (Brazil Telecom, Telefonica & Global Village Telecom), Chile (Telefonica), Mexico (Telmex), Costa Rica (ICE), Israel (Bezeq), South Africa (Telkom), Australia (Telstra), Russia (Uralsviazinform & North West Telecom), Serbia (Telekom Srbija, Telenor) and Kazakhstan (KazakhTelecom).

</doc>
<doc id="5891598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891598" title="NDCP">
NDCP

NDCP could either mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5891608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891608" title="Shy Leopardess">
Shy Leopardess

Shy Leopardess is a fantasy novel by Leslie Barringer, the third and last book in his three volume Neustrian Cycle. It is set around the 14th century in an alternate medieval France called Neustria (historically an early division of the Frankish kingdom). The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Methuen in 1948. Its significance was recognized by its republication in the United States by the Newcastle Publishing Company as the thirteenth volume of the celebrated Newcastle Forgotten Fantasy Library series in October, 1977. The Newcastle edition was reprinted by Borgo Press in 1980.
Chapter headings of the 1948 edition:
Reception.
John Clute, in his evaluation of the Neustrian Cycle, notes that "Of the three protagonists, Yolande of Baraine – the Shy Leopardess of the third novel – is perhaps the most interesting, as she successfully gambles her life (her "virtue" does not last the course) to gain autonomy in a male-dominated world."
Lin Carter cited the first American edition of 1977 from Newcastle as one of that year's best fantasy books.

</doc>
<doc id="5891627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891627" title="Tu'ipelehake ('Uluvalu)">
Tu'ipelehake ('Uluvalu)

Sione ʻUluvalu Ngū Takeivūlai Tukuaho (7 October 1950 – 5 July 2006 (6 July in Tonga)) became the Tui Pelehake, an hereditary title in the kingdom of Tonga, after the death of his father in 1999.
As his father was the brother of King Tāufaāhau Tupou IV, he had the right to carry the 'his royal highness' title as well. He had one younger brother and four sisters. 
Uluvalu married late, 28 November 1998, with Kaimana Aleamotua (12 March 1960 — 5 July 2006); the couple had no children. He became a parliamentarian, the Haapai representative of the nobles, but often backing the representatives of the people and the pro-democracy movement, many of whom felt he should succeed the ailing king. He was a leading pro-democracy advocate within the royal family. Radio New Zealand article Tui Pelehake (Uluvalu) was dubbed the "prince of the people" by ordinary Tongans. 
He died prematurely at age 55, along with his wife, 45, and driver, Vinisia Hefa, 36, in a car accident on Highway 101 in Menlo Park, California, near San Francisco, where he was meeting with Tongan citizens to discuss reforms. Edith Delgado, 18, driving a Ford Mustang, allegedly caused the crash when her car struck the side of the red Ford Explorer that the royal couple were riding in. The Explorer lost control and rolled over several times, killing all inside. Delgado's car was reportedly speeding up to 100 mph (160 km/h) and was possibly racing other cars on the highway at the time. Though she was not hurt in the accident, she was arrested at the scene. She pled not guilty at the first court hearing, but was jailed with a bail bond of $3 million. Attorneys for Delgado appealed the bond amount, which was 10 times larger than court guidelines suggested, and on September 11, 2006 the California Court of Appeal overturned the bail, finding there was no justification given in the original order for such a high amount, and ordered a new hearing September 13. She was convicted of three counts of misdemeanor vehicular manslaughter in June and sentenced on 24 August 2007, to two years in county jail. She had faced a maximum of three years after being acquitted of more serious felony charges. But due to the year she already spent in county jail as well as for her good behavior as an inmate. She will probably spend another four to six months in jail, prosecutors said. In addition, she was ordered to pay restitution of an undetermined amount to the victims' families and serve three years of supervised probation.

</doc>
<doc id="5891633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891633" title="Bibhutibhushan Mukhopadhyay">
Bibhutibhushan Mukhopadhyay

Life.
Bibhutibhushan Mukhopadhyay was born on 24 October 1894 in Pandoul, a village of Mithila of Bihar(India).The name of his father is Bipin Bihari Mukherjee and mother's name is Giribala Devi.
Bibhutibhushan's early days were spent in Darbhanga, Bihar, India. 
His college life was spent in Patna and Calcutta Was a schoolteacher and Manager of Daily English News paper, named "Indian Nation" published from Patna.
He awarded by Ananda Puraskar in 1958, Rabindra Puraskar in 1972 and Sharatchandra Puraskar in 1978.
Jagattarini Puraskar from Calcutta University, D.Litt from the University of Burdwan and Desikottama from the Visva-Bharati University of Shantiniketan.
Bibhutibhushan Mukhopadhyay on 29 July 1987, died in his Darbhanga House. He was a bachelor and died at the age of ninety-three.
He has eight brothers and two sisters. He himself was "Mejo" i.e. second in number.
The names of his brothers were,
Shashi Bhusan Mukherjee (The elder than him)
Hari Bhusan Mukherjee (Third)
Indu Bhusan Mukherjee (Fourth)
Arbinda Bhusan Mukherjee (Fifth)
Mani Bhusan Mukherjee (Sixth)
Abani Bhusan Mukherjee (Seventh)
Parulbala Devi (1st Sister)
Dr. Binoy Bhusan Mukherjee (Eighth)
Lilabati Devi (2nd Sister)
Works.
Bibhutibhushan Mukhopadhyay’s first book, ‘Ranur Prothom Vagh’ was published in 1934. Child psychology and humorous element is found in his writing. Childish matters are very common in his writing.
The daily lives of middle class Bengali people are found in his writing.
His literary works were included in the curriculum of school level, secondary, higher secondary and graduation level Bengali Literature in Bihar and Bengal in India and Bangladesh.The name of the book prescribed for Intermediate class in Bihar was "Kushi Pranganer Chithi".

</doc>
<doc id="5891638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891638" title="Kvívík">
Kvívík

Kvívík (Danish: Kvivig, older Qvivig) is a village on the west coast of Streymoy in the Faroe Islands, in the eponymous municipality of "Kvívík".
The village is on both sides of a narrow bay and the small river "Stora".
Kvívík is one of the oldest settlements in the Faroes and excavations have shown the remains of Viking houses.
The oldest house in Kvívík was built in the 18th century. There have been other churches, the present one was built in 1903. The village got a school in 1907. Pupils from the villages Kvívík, Stykkið and Skælingur go there until 7th grade. When they start in the 8th grade they will attend the school in Vestmanna. The present school was founded on 22 August 1976. In 2010 a new building was built for multipurpose kindergarten, which was named Áarlon. It has rooms for children from the ages 0 to 8.
There is a rowing club in Kvívík. It is called Kvívíkar Sóknar Róðrarfelag. One of their boats which is called Junkarin won the Faroese championship for 5-mannafør women in 2011. The same boat won the championship in the boys' category in 1975, 1976 and in 1998. In 2012 the boys under 15 who are rowing with Junkarin had already won the Faroese Championship after the fifth race on Fjarðastevna in Vestmanna.

</doc>
<doc id="5891659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891659" title="Wakes week">
Wakes week

The wakes week is a holiday period in parts of England and Scotland. Originally a religious celebration or feast, the tradition of the wakes week developed into a secular holiday, particularly in the north west of England during the industrial revolution. In Scotland each city has a “trades fortnight” two weeks in the summer when tradesmen take their holidays. 
Although a strong tradition during the 19th and 20th centuries, the observance of the holiday has almost disappeared in recent times due to the decline of the manufacturing industries in the United Kingdom and the standardisation of school holidays across England.
History.
In 601 AD Pope Gregory I wrote a letter to Mellitus (a member of the Gregorian mission sent to England to convert the Anglo-Saxons from their native paganism to Christianity) which read:
When, therefore, Almighty God shall bring you to the most reverend man our brother bishop, St Augustine, tell him what I have, upon mature deliberation on the affair of the English, thought of; namely, that the temples of the idols in that nation ought not to be destroyed. Let holy water be made, and sprinkled in the said temples; let altars be erected, and let relics be deposited in them. For since those temples are built, it is requisite that they be converted from the worship of the devils to the service of the true God; that the nation, not seeing those temples destroyed, may remove error from their hearts, and knowing and adoring the true God, may the more familiarly resort to the same places to which they have been accustomed. And because they are wont to sacrifice many oxen in honour of the devils, let them celebrate a religious and solemn festival, not slaughtering the beasts for devils, but to be consumed by themselves, to the praise of God...
Every church at its consecration was given the name of a patron saint and either the day of its consecration or the saint's feast day became the church's festival. Church services began at sunset on Saturday and the night of prayer was called a vigil, eve or, due to the late hour "wake", from the Old English "waecan". Each village had a wake with quasi-religious celebrations such as rushbearing followed by church services then sports, games, dancing and drinking. As wakes became more secular the more boisterous entertainments were moved from the sabbath to Saturday and Monday was reserved for public entertainments such as bands, games and funfairs.
During the Industrial Revolution the tradition of the wakes was adapted into a regular summer holiday particularly, but not exclusively, in the north of England and industrialised areas of the Midlands where each locality nominated a wakes week during which the local factories, collieries and other industries closed for a week. The wakes holiday started as an unpaid holiday when the mills and factories were closed for maintenance.
Each town in Lancashire took the holiday on a different week in the summer so that from June to September one town was on holiday each week. In 1906 an agreement on unpaid holidays was reached which became the pattern for the wakes holidays in Lancashire mill towns. It was implemented in 1907 and guaranteed 12 days annual holiday including bank holidays — this was increased to 15 days in 1915.
There was a long-held belief amongst the working classes of the north of England in the benefits of bathing in the sea during the months of August and September, as there was said to be "physic in the sea". The expansion of the railway network led Blackpool to become a seaside resort catering mainly for the Lancashire working classes. Southport catered for the slightly better off and Morecambe attracted visitors from the West Riding textile towns. The railway link to Blackpool from the mill town of Oldham was completed in 1846 and in the peak year of 1860 more than 23,000 holidaymakers travelled on special trains to the resort during wakes week from that town alone.
In the last quarter of the 19th century, trips increased from day trips to full weeks away and 'Wakes Saving' or 'Going-Off' clubs became popular. The saving clubs were a feature of the industrial north until paid holidays became a reality in the 1940s and 50s.
There is a merry, happy time,<br>
To grace withal this simple rhyme:<br>
There is jovial, joyous hour,<br>
Of mirth and jollity in store:<br>
The Wakes! The Wakes!<br>
The jocund wakes!<br>
My wandering memory now forsakes<br>
The present busy scene of things,<br>
Erratic upon Fancy's wings,<br>
For olden times, with garlands crown'd<br>
And rush-carts green on many a mound.<br>
In hamlets bearing a great name,<br>
The first in astronomic fame.<br>  — From "The Village Festival" by Droylsden poet Elijah Ridings (1802-1872).
Present day.
The tradition has now disappeared in most of the UK due to the decline of traditional manufacturing industries and schools objecting to the holidays at crucial exam times. It was commonplace for local authorities to allocate a one week school holiday to coincide with wakes week in lieu of holiday time elsewhere in the year but schools began to discontinue the wakes week holiday after the introduction of the National Curriculum and the standardisation of school holidays across England. Councils no longer have a statutory power to set dates for public holidays following the introduction of the Employment Act 1989 and the Local Government etc (Scotland) Act 1994.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="5891662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891662" title="Elemental Evil">
Elemental Evil

Elemental Evil is the second release by the metal band Hinge (now called Dry Kill Logic). The following 9 track EP was released on March 16, 1999 through their own label, Psychodrama Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5891671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891671" title="Adelaide–Mannum Road">
Adelaide–Mannum Road

Adelaide–Mannum Road is a road that runs through the northern Adelaide Hills between the South Australian capital, Adelaide and Mannum on the Murray River. It is designated State Highway A10 in the metropolitan area and B10 in rural areas, and is 77 kilometres in length. It is named after the two centres that it links. The 22 km stretch from Houghton to Adelaide is known as North East Road.
North East Road.
North East Road is a major arterial road that travels, as its name suggests, through the north-eastern suburbs of the Australian city of Adelaide. It starts (as Northcote Terrace) at the intersection of Robe Terrace and Park Road/Mann Road in North Adelaide, about 500 metres away from the beginning of Adelaide's O-Bahn Busway, travelling through Adelaide's north-east growth corridor, beyond it to the distinctly less-urban region of Houghton, where it meets in an intersection with the Lower North East Road, leading back to Adelaide's more easterly suburbs.
The road passes through Modbury and the district's shopping centre, the Westfield Tea Tree Plaza, and the terminus of the O-Bahn at the Tea Tree Plaza Interchange just outside it. It intersects with Hampstead Road/Ascot Avenue in Vale Park, and also with the Grand Junction Road in Valley View.
Adelaide-Mannum Road.
The road was first built in the 1840s to facilitate the growth and development of the towns and settlements along its length. It played a role in the gold rush of the 1860s. Today, the area boasts many tourist and historical sites, wineries and natural attractions, although only a few towns exist as more than historical sites.
Towns.
The road starts in North Adelaide as Northcote Terrace, then becomes North East Road and serves the suburbs of Klemzig, Modbury and Tea Tree Gully.
Upon leaving the metropolitan area, the list of towns are as below;
Towns serviced by Adelaide–Mannum Road but not located on it include:

</doc>
<doc id="5891672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891672" title="Hokuten'yū Katsuhiko">
Hokuten'yū Katsuhiko

Career.
Hokuten'yū was scouted at the age of nine by former "ōzeki" Masuiyama Daishiro I of Mihogaseki stable, and given 3,000 yen to ensure his commitment. He made his professional debut in March 1976. He served as a "tsukebito" or personal attendant to the great "yokozuna" Kitanoumi, another Hokkaidō native who belonged to the same stable. In his early career he fought under his own surname of Chiba, but in 1978 he was given the "shikona" of Hokuten'yū, or "heavenly gift from the north", a reference to his birthplace. He was the first wrestler to have a fighting name including the "tenyu" character, which has since been used in a number of other "shikona".
After four years in the lower ranks, Hokutenyu reached the second highest "jūryō" division in May 1980 and was promoted to the top "makuuchi" division in November of that year. He made his "san'yaku" debut in July 1981 at "komusubi" rank.
At the beginning of 1983 Hokuten'yū was promoted to "sekiwake" for the first time, and produced a strong 11-4 record. In March 1983 he shared second place with a 12-3 score, and in May he swept the rest of the field aside, losing only to Takanosato and winning his first tournament championship with a superb 14-1 record. After that tournament he was promoted to sumo's second highest rank of "ōzeki".
Hokuten'yū had accumulated 37 wins over the course of the previous three tournaments, and it was seen as only a matter of time before he joined his stablemate Kitanoumi at the rank of "yokozuna". He had been picked out as a potential "yokozuna" since he was first discovered and recruited by his stablemaster. He had a perfect physique for sumo, but he suffered from diabetes, and his fighting spirit was also sometimes questioned. His first two tournaments at "ōzeki" ended with scores of 9-6 and 8-7. He did finish as runner-up in March 1984, and took a second championship in July 1985, but he never made a sustained challenge for "yokozuna" promotion. After finishing runner-up for the fourth time in November 1985, he was rarely in contention for the title in subsequent tournaments, and he was also restricted by a serious knee injury suffered in a match against Konishiki in March 1987. Nonetheless, he fought as an "ōzeki" for 44 tournaments, which places him fifth on the all-time list, behind Chiyotaikai, Kaiō, Takanohana I and Kotoōshū.
He had a long rivalry with "yokozuna" Chiyonofuji, whom he defeated 14 times in competition. There was a personal edge to their matches because of Hokuten'yū's younger brother, who was a low ranking member of Chiyonofuji's Kokonoe stable, but quit sumo after a training incident in 1979 for which Hokuten'yū blamed his rival.
He was particularly popular among female sumo fans.
Fighting style.
Hokuten'yū was a "yotsu-sumo" wrestler, preferring grappling to pushing techniques. His favourite grip on his opponent's "mawashi" was "migi-yotsu", with his left hand outside and right hand inside his opponent's arms. His most common winning "kimarite" was "yori-kiri", the force out. He also regularly employed both "uwatenage" (the overarm throw) and "shitatenage" (the underarm throw, which he listed as his preferred throw), as well as "tsuri-dashi", the lift out.
Retirement.
Hokuten'yū withdrew from the September 1990 tournament after suffering four losses in a row and announced his retirement from sumo at the age of 30. He opened up his own training stable, Hatachiyama-beya in 1993. The first "sekitori" he produced was Hakurozan in 2004. He also served as a "shimpan" or judge in tournament matches. 
After suffering a stroke in March 2006, he was hospitalised. He died of cancer of the kidney in June 2006 at age 45. This left the "heya" without a master, and all eleven of his wrestlers transferred to the Kitanoumi-beya.

</doc>
<doc id="5891681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891681" title="George Sinclair">
George Sinclair

George Sinclair may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5891684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891684" title="Sony Optiarc">
Sony Optiarc

Sony Optiarc Inc. (formerly Sony NEC Optiarc Inc.) is a subsidiary of Sony Corporation. The company's business is the design and manufacturing of optical disc drives, primarily for the OEM desktop and notebook PC markets.
The company was established on April 3, 2006 as a joint venture between Sony and NEC Corporation, each had share of 55% and 45% respectively. On September 11, 2008, it was announced that Sony would take over NEC's 45% share, making Optiarc wholly owned subsidiary of Sony. This took effect on December 5, 2008.
In March 2013, Sony closed Sony Opitarc optical disk division. About 400 employees were laid off globally.
See also.
Similar joint ventures in the data storage industry:

</doc>
<doc id="5891698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891698" title="Mecca Mall">
Mecca Mall

Mecca Mall () is a shopping mall in the Jordanian capital, Amman. It is located on Mecca Street, and this is the reason the mall was named Mecca Mall.
Criticism.
The mall in general and almost all of the food court area is reserved for families only. The mall management defines families as any group of people that includes at least one woman. A man (or men) sitting on a table in the family section will get accosted by security and asked to leave despite having paid for their meal. This is applicable even if the handful of tables men are allowed to use are all occupied. The mall management justifies this by claiming that young men can't be trusted to behave themselves around women, and are assumed to be ill-intentioned by default if sitting on a table by themselves or with other men. Moreover based on the same policy, mall security will prevent male(s) unaccompanied by a woman from even entering the mall on weekends and public holiday(s). This is unique to Mecca Mall.

</doc>
<doc id="5891699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891699" title="Afterswish">
Afterswish

Afterswish is the sixth album by Ozric Tentacles, released in 1992 on Dovetail Records. It is a compilation of tracks from their early cassette releases, featuring also three new tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="5891703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891703" title="Cause Moshing Is Good Fun">
Cause Moshing Is Good Fun

Cause Moshing Is Good Fun is the first release by the metal band Hinge (now called Dry Kill Logic). The following 3 track EP was released in 1997 through their own label, Psychodrama Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5891714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891714" title="Zaira">
Zaira

Zaira is a popular female name in Spain and Italy. Its main meanings are "princess" in Irish and Hebrew and "rose" in Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="5891742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891742" title="Sylvia Kelso">
Sylvia Kelso

Sylvia Kelso is an author of both fantasy and science fiction, usually set in analogue or outright Australian landscapes. She has a Creative Writing MA built around one science-fiction novel using alternate North Queenslands and she earned her Ph.D. in 1997. 
Kelso's novels are densely descriptive, the worlds complex and minutely constructed, the environments, lush or bleak, brought alive with poetic force. There are some stylistic similarities to the works of Patricia A. McKillip.
Bibliography.
Kelso's published novels include:
Blackston Gold:
Non-fiction:
Critical interests.
Her critical interests cover: 

</doc>
<doc id="5891761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891761" title="Me and My Brother">
Me and My Brother


</doc>
<doc id="5891779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891779" title="Brownsea Island Scout camp">
Brownsea Island Scout camp

The Brownsea Island Scout camp began as a boys' camping event on Brownsea Island in Poole Harbour, southern England, organised by Lieutenant-General Baden-Powell to test his ideas for the book "Scouting for Boys". Boys from different social backgrounds participated from 1 August to 8 August 1907 in activities around camping, observation, woodcraft, chivalry, lifesaving and patriotism. Recognised as the world's first Scout camp, the event is regarded as the real origin of the worldwide Scout movement. 
Up to the early 1930s, camping by Boy Scouts continued on Brownsea Island. In 1963, a formal Scout campsite was opened by Olave Baden-Powell, when the island became a nature conservation area owned by the National Trust. In 1973, a Scout Jamboree was held on the island with 600 Scouts.
The worldwide centenary of Scouting took place at the Brownsea Island Scout camp, celebrating 1 August 2007, the 100th anniversary of the start of the first encampment. Activities by The Scout Association at the campsite include four Scout camps and a Sunrise Ceremony.
Background.
Robert Baden-Powell had become a national hero during the Boer War as a result of his successful defence of the town of Mafeking, which was under siege from October 1899 to May 1900. The Mafeking Cadets, made up of local boys aged 12 to 15, acted as messengers throughout the siege, and had impressed him with their resourcefulness and courage. Baden-Powell had also published a number of popular books on military scouting, including "Aids to Scouting for NCOs and men", published in 1899. Though written for non-commissioned officers, it became a best-seller and was used by teachers and youth organisations. In the years after the war Baden-Powell broached the idea of a new youth organisation with a number of people, including William Alexander Smith, founder of the Boys' Brigade, with whom he discussed setting up a Boys Brigade Scouting achievement. To test his ideas while writing "Scouting for Boys", Baden-Powell conceived of an experimental camp, creating a program to take place on Brownsea Island during the summer of 1907. He invited his lifelong friend, Major Kenneth McLaren, to attend the camp as an assistant.
First scout encampment.
Site and camp organisation.
Baden-Powell had visited Brownsea Island as a boy with his brothers. It covers of woodland and open areas, and features two lakes. The island perfectly suited his needs for the camp as it was isolated from the mainland and hence from the press, yet was only a short ferry trip from the town of Poole, making for easy logistics. The owner, Charles van Raalte, was happy to offer him use of the site.
Baden-Powell invited boys from different social backgrounds to the camp, a revolutionary idea during the class-conscious Edwardian era. Eleven came from the well-to-do private boarding schools of Eton and Harrow, mostly sons of Baden-Powell's friends. Seven came from the Boys' Brigade at Bournemouth, and three came from the Brigade at Poole & Hamworthy. Baden-Powell's nine-year-old nephew Donald Baden-Powell also attended. The camp fee was dependent on means: one pound for the public school boys, and three shillings and sixpence for the others. 
The boys were arranged into four patrols, designated as the Wolves, Ravens, Bulls and Curlews. It is uncertain if 20 or 21 boys attended the camp. At least four authors list attendance at 20 boys, and that they were organised into five patrols with Baden-Powell's nephew Donald as camp orderly. These sources included an article in "The Scout" (1908), Sir Percy Everett in "The First Ten Years" (1948) and "Rover Word" (1936), and E. E. Reynolds in "The Scout Movement" (1950). In 1964, William Hillcourt added the fourth Rodney brother, Simon, in "Two Lives of a Hero", bringing the total to 21. This evidence was supported by the oldest Rodney brother, then the 8th Baron Rodney. The reasons why Simon Rodney was not listed by the other authors is not clear, but evidence that he was present and the 6th member of the Curlews Patrol, was recounted by scouting historian Colin Walker.
As this was the first Boy Scouting event, the boys did not have uniform shirts, but they did wear khaki scarves and were presented with brass fleur-de-lis badges, the first use of the Scout emblem. They also wore a coloured knot on their shoulder indicating their patrol: green for Bulls, blue for Wolves, yellow for Curlews, and red for Ravens. The patrol leader carried a staff with a flag depicting the patrol animal. After passing tests on knots, tracking, and the national flag, they were given another brass badge, a scroll with the words Be Prepared, to wear below the fleur-de-lis.
Programme.
Each patrol camped in an army bell tent. The camp began each day with a blast from a kudu horn that Baden-Powell had found in the Somabula forest during the Matabele campaign of 1896. He used the same kudu horn to open the Coming of Age Jamboree 22 years later in 1929. The day began at 6:00 a.m., with cocoa, exercises, flag break and prayers, followed by breakfast at 8:00 a.m. Then followed the morning exercise of the subject of the day, as well as bathing, if deemed necessary. After lunch there was a strict siesta (no talking allowed), followed by the afternoon activity based on the subject of the day. At 5:00 p.m. the day ended with games, supper, campfire yarns and prayers. Baden-Powell made full use of his personal fame as the hero of the Siege of Mafeking. For many of the participants, the highlights of the camp were his campfire yarns of his African experiences, and the Zulu "Ingonyama" chant, translating to "he is a lion". Turning in for the night was compulsory for every patrol at 9:00 p.m., regardless of age.
Each day was based on a different theme: Day 1 was preliminary, day 2 was campaigning, day 3 was observation, day 4 for woodcraft, day 5 was chivalry, day 6 was saving a life, day 7 was patriotism, and day 8 was the conclusion. The participants left by ferry on the 9th day, 9 August 1907. The camp cost £55 two shillings, and eight pence; after the boys' fees, and donations totaling £16, this left a deficit of just over £24. The deficit was cleared by Saxon Noble, whose two sons Marc and Humphrey had attended. Baden-Powell considered the camp successful.
Legacy and commemoration.
Following the successful camp, Baden-Powell went on an extensive speaking tour arranged by his publisher, Pearsons, to promote his forthcoming "Scouting for Boys", which officially began the Scout movement. It initially appeared as six fortnightly installments, beginning in January 1908, and later appeared in book form. Scouting began to spread throughout Great Britain and Ireland, then through the countries of the British Empire, and soon to the rest of the world. 
A reunion of the original campers was held in 1928 at the Chief Scout's home at Pax Hill in Hampshire. A commemorative stone by sculptor Don Potter was unveiled on 1 August 1967 by the Hon. Betty Clay née Baden-Powell, younger daughter of Lord and Lady Baden-Powell. It is located near the encampment area.
In May 2000, twenty trees were planted, one for each boys who attended. During the planting ceremony, the Scout Chief Commissioner for England, along with representatives of the Scouts and the Guides, planted the trees on the seaward side of the original site. The trees were designed to act as a permanent memorial to the camp, as well as providing a series of future windbreaks against coastal winds.
Many councils in the USA have named their National Youth Leadership Training (NYLT) programs "Brownsea", to give homage to the foundation of scouting.
Campsite history.
From 1927 to 2000.
After the death of Charles van Raalte in 1907, his wife Florence stayed on Brownsea until 1925. Mary Bonham-Christie bought the island at an auction in 1927. In 1932, Bonham-Christie allowed 500 Scouts to camp there to celebrate the Silver Jubilee of scouting, but shortly afterwards she closed the island to the public and it became very overgrown. In 1934, some Sea Scouts were camping on the island when a fire broke out. Mrs. Bonham-Christie blamed the Sea Scouts, although the fire did not start where the Sea Scouts were camping. The fire engulfed most of the island, burning west to east. The eastern buildings were only saved by a subsequent change in wind direction. Although it was not known how the fire started, Scouts were not allowed to camp on the island again until after Bonham-Christie's death in 1961. Her family becoming liable for inheritance tax on her estate, they put the island up for sale. Interested citizens who feared that the island would be bought by developers raised an endowment, and in 1962 the government allowed the National Trust to use endowment funds and take over management of the island.
The island was reopened to the public in 1963 by Lady Baden-Powell when it came under the control of the National Trust, which has continuously maintained the island since then as a conservation area that is a popular site with visitors, including Scouts, Guides, and the general public. In 1964, near the original campsite were set aside for Scout and Guide camping. In 1973, a Jamboree was held on the island for 600 Scouts from seven nations, along with one of the original campers, then aged 81.
After 2000.
The National Trust maintains the Scout and Guide campsite, South Shore Lodge and the Baden-Powell Outdoor Centre where members of Brownsea Island Scout Fellowship and Friends of Guiding operate a small trading post. The Baden-Powell Outdoor Centre was opened on 14 September 2007. It contains a new camp reception, and new washroom facilities. The centre also hosts a small Scouting museum. The campsite is compartmentalised, with the memorial stone, shop, flags, and destination signs all in one area on the south-west corner of the island. Radiating off from this centre are many small camp zones, about a dozen acres each, surrounded by trees and fences. The area set aside for camping now covers and there is room for between 300 and 400 campers on the site. 
St. Mary's Church, located on the island about from the camp, posts Scout and Guide flags at the approach to the altar. In 2007, to coincide with the Scouting centenary, about 40 new kneelers or hassocks were given to the church, decorated with the 21 World Scout Jamboree badges and other Scouting, Guiding and island badges. The church is often used for services during large camps. Baden-Powell and his wife are buried in Kenya; there is no memorial to them in the Church. 
Brownsea Island is generally open to the public from March to October, via ferry from Poole. The island was reserved for Scouts and Scouters on 1 August 2007 during the Sunrise Camp. The National Trust operates a number of events throughout the summer months including guided tours, trails, and activities in the visitor centre.
Scouts and Guides often do an "act of duty" while on the island. Often this involves cutting back the rhododendron introduced by a previous owner of the island; maintaining the Baden-Powell Outdoor Centre by stacking rhododendron in the woodpiles; or raking the dead leaves, twigs and pine needles from underneath trees to allow growth of plants for red squirrels to eat.
Centenary of Scouting.
Since March 2006, travel packages have been available for Scouts to camp on the island, and Scout and Guide groups can also book day activities. To celebrate one hundred years of Scouting, four camps were organised on the island by The Scout Association during July and August 2007:

</doc>
<doc id="5891782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891782" title="Type 517 Radar">
Type 517 Radar

Type 517 radar is believed to be an A-band/VHF air search radar widely deployed on PLA-N surface vessels with 4 antennas in two crossed-brace supported pairs, one above the other, mounted in pairs on each side of a single tubular support carried on the turning gear.
Similar to the Russian P-8 'Dolphin'/KNIFE REST radar which China manufactures and deploys for the HQ-2 surface to air system complex, it is believed that Type 517 has similar capabilities and specifications. The Type 517 radar is mostly associated with sea transmission signals.
The system is manufactured by the Beijing Leiyin Electronic Technology Development Company (北京雷音电子技术开发有限公司).

</doc>
<doc id="5891785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891785" title="Tehran Monorail">
Tehran Monorail

The Tehran Monorail was a project to construct a monorail in the Iranian capital Tehran. The project was cancelled in April 2010, with only 3% completed.
History and Controversy.
The concept of constructing a monorail in Iran was first proposed in 1976 before the Iranian Revolution. Then the mayor of Tehran, Shahrestani, eventually scrapped the project after repeated specialist consultations indicated that a monorail network would not ease traffic in the city in a significant fashion. At the time the general conclusion was that it would create more problems than solutions.
In 2002, Tehran Mayor Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declared his intent to develop a monorail system for the capital despite the numerous warnings by transport and traffic experts. The monorail project was expected to cost 135 million Euros for 12 km and three stations.
The largest criticism of the project lay in its heavy costs on the already cash strapped Tehran City. Furthermore, a large part of criticism is directed towards the plan's geographical mapping. According to those who have had access to the initial sketch, the selected route is less crowded, making the project, in their view, unjustifiable. Among opponents of the Monorail plan was Ali-Asghar Ardakanian, a member of the Transport Engineering Society who believed that Iran lacked the pre-requisite skills and knowledge to maintain and run the system. Ardakanian also insisted that the government plan was poorly thought out and failed to take into account the affiliated expenses for maintaining the monorail's underground and surface structures — thus creating funding forecast problems for the future. Additionally, relative to cost, critics point out that the passenger capacity of the monorail is 10 times less than the Tehran Metro.
Supporters of the Tehran Monorail were commonly heard declaring that the development of the project would be significantly faster than other transport project due to its nature.
Despite the overwhelming criticism of the project, a project to build the first phase officially began on March 17, 2004.
Phase One comprises a 6 km line with six stations.
Sadeghieh Square, Tehran Metro (Green line), Apadana Complex, Tehran West Bus depot, Azadi Square, Mehrabad Airport.
Phase Two will include a loop back to Sadeghieh through Akbatan Apartment complex, and expand the line to 12 km.
In 2004, when the project was started by then Tehran Mayor, Ahmadinejad, it had not received the approval of the High Traffic Council; a body in charge of studying and approving transport schemes. This resulted in the disqualification of the monorail from any state assistance.
In 2007 federal budget, the sum of 82 Billion Rials was dedicated to the completion for the Monorail by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's administration.
The Monorail is not supported by the current Tehran mayor, and the current head of Tehran Metro, Mr. Hashemi, whom have asked for the budget allocated to the Monorail to be redistributed for other public transport projects, such as expansion of Metro lines.
In September 2007, Iran Daily reported that the Tehran monorail project will become operational by 2011. This was quoted by the Deputy Interior Minister for development affairs Mehdi Hashemi. It further added that the monorail lines would extend across the capital, the Persian daily ’Iran’ reported.
He continued that the routes for monorail lines in the metropolis have been specified as follows: from Basij Square in the southeast to Tehran Pars in the northeast, from Tehran Pars to Pounak Square in the northwest, from Pounak to Nematabad in the south and from Nematabad to Basij Square again.

</doc>
<doc id="5891790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891790" title="Bare lymphocyte syndrome 2">
Bare lymphocyte syndrome 2

Bare Lymphocyte Syndrome, type II.
The bare lymphocyte syndrome, type II (BLS II) is a rare recessive genetic condition in which a group of genes called major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC class II) are not expressed. The result is that the immune system is severely compromised and cannot effectively fight infection. Clinically, this is known as a severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID).
The genetic basis for BLSII is not due to defects in the MHC II genes themselves. The genetic basis is the result of mutations in genes that code for proteins (transcription factors) that normally regulate the expression of the MHC II genes. That is, one of the several proteins that are required to switch on MHC II genes in various cells types (primarily those in the immune system) is absent. The genes responsible were cloned by the laboratories of Bernard Mach in Switzerland and Jeremy Boss [2 at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. Mutation in any one of four genes can lead to BLS II. The genes' names are: class II trans-activator (CIITA), regulatory factor of the X box 5 (RFX5), RFX-associated protein (RFXAP) and RFX ankyrin repeats (RFXANK; also known as RFXB).
Though BLSII is an attractive candidate for gene therapy, bone marrow transplant is currently the only treatment. 

</doc>
<doc id="5891809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891809" title="Ekbatan">
Ekbatan

Ekbatan Complex () is a planned town built as a project of modern apartment buildings in western part of Tehran, Iran. It is located approximately 5 kilometers west of central Tehran.
History.
The Construction of the Ekbatan complex started in 1975 for the purpose of mass housing. It has 15,500 units on an area of 2,208,570 square meters located in western Tehran. 
The designer of the complex is Jordan Gruzen (now Gruzen Samton LLP) from the United States. Another American company by the name "Starrett" successfully built and completed phase I of the complex before the 1979 revolution. European contractors were also involved in the project.
Description.
Ekbatan has 3 separate sets of buildings called a phase and each phase has independent buildings categorised as a block. The architecture in the first and third phase are similar and are very different from the phase 2. Each block of phase 1 (or 3) has 3 major steps. When looked at from the sides, there are 5 floors in first step, 9 in second and 12 in the third one. In phase 2, blocks are designed like huge 12 story box-shaped parts that are put together in an angle. Another difference between phase 1(or 3) and 2 is about interior layout of the apartments. In phase 1 (or 3), apartments are single floored. However, in phase 2, they are built mostly in double floors (Duplex) with hall, and the kitchen in the first floor and rooms placed in the upper(second) floor. In all of these phases you could find 1, 2, 3 or 4-roomed apartments that begins from about 50 m2 to 240 m2.
Ekabatan complex is famous for its green fields between the buildings. The landscape is designed in a way to combine nature and modern living together, a concept that is being explored more in architectural practices today due to environmental concerns. Ekbatan is also full of different level schools in all three phases. Shopping places have developed throughout the last years and it is becoming one of the most convenient places for families to shop especially because of its competitive prices, higher qualities, and variety of goods and services. On the last Tuesday night of the Iranian year, before Nowruz, Ekbatan is the host of one of the biggest Chaharshanbe Suri celebrations in Tehran.
Streets.
The main boulevard in Ekbatan Phase 2 is named after the Iranian reporter Mahmoud Saremi, a terrorism-victim killed by Taliban while working in Mazar Sharif.

</doc>
<doc id="5891818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891818" title="Parnells GAA">
Parnells GAA

Parnells GAA or Parnells Gaelic Athletic Association club Gaelic football club is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Coolock, Dublin, Ireland. It was founded in 1893, named after the recently-deceased Charles Stewart Parnell, and at that time was known as Parnell Volunteers. Parnells have won the Dublin senior football championship on six occasions, in 1913, 1916, 1939, 1945 and most recently in 1987, 1988. 
Coming of Age.
Within ten years of the club’s foundation Parnell’s had become well established in Dublin GAA circles. Indeed as well as competing in local competitions, the club was now competing and contributing players to Dublin as well. 
The Dublin Senior football Team winners of the Croke Cup 1897, featuring Joe Teeling of Parnell’s
The Dublin Senior Football team of 1902 included three Parnell’s players. 
Parnell’s won the final of the Wolfe Tone Tournament in 1903 against Clane. The same team won the Kiltiernan and Malahide Tournaments. 
In 1907-08 Parnell’s were the winners of the Junior Football Championship, The Intermediate League and the Martyn Cup. 
The Dublin Junior Football Team (Parnell’s Selection) won the Leinster Championship in 1908. 
Parnell’s won the Senior Football Championship in 1913 and 1916. 
The Parnell’s Junior Team 1916-1917 won the North County League, and were runners-up in the Junior Championship. 
Parnell’s had two players in the all Ireland Final in 1920. 
Parnell’s Minor Team 1919–1920 were winners of the Dublin League.
Parnell's in 1924 were winners of the North County League
The Easter Rising.
Parnell members that took part in the Easter Rising 1916 were Peader Christie, Owen McDermot, John Joyce, Patrick Lanigan of Artane and Thomas Reilly, John Brien of Donnycarney and Martin Mullen fought in Jacobs. Edmund Boland of Marino and Martin Savage of Co Sligo fought in the GPO. Peter Coates and Charles Kenny of North Strand fought in Stephens Green and Boland’s Mills. 
In July 1916 three Parnell’s men - Peader Christie, Owen McDermot and John Joyce played on a Dublin selection against Wexford prisoners. Shortly afterwards some of the prisoners were released including men who were to help Parnell’s win their second Senior Football Championship.
The Golden Jubilee (1934).
During 1934 GAA members celebrated the Golden Jubilee of the foundation of the association. All clubs were urged to organise their own celebrations during the course of the year. 
Unfortunately for Parnell’s their senior footballers fared badly in league matches in the first few months of the year. Matters improved somewhat when they defeated Dolphins in the first round of the championship. Success was short lived unfortunately. On 20 May 1934 at Croke Park they were beaten 2-4 to 1-6 in the quarter final. 
The following year, 1935, the senior footballers lost the first round of the Championship when they were defeated 1-6 to 0-1 by Garda, the eventual winners. Corner Forward Jim Brady of Parnell's was a member of the Dublin Senior Football team beaten by Louth in the 1935 Leinster Championship. The following year did not bring any relief to the club: Nevertheless the Officials, Selectors and players struggled on manfully in the hope of better times ahead.
During 1937 the club did not enter the junior league or the Championship but concentrated on the Minor and Senior Level. In the first round of the Senior Championship Parnell’s were drawn against Sean Mc Dermott’s. Their first encounter ended in a draw but Sean Mc Dermott’s went on to win the replay with ease. 
In 1938 Parnell’s won the Second Division of the senior Football League. The team was strengthened by the inclusion of ex-St Vincent’s minors including Brendan Quinn, Johnny Gibbons, Tom McCann, Pádraig Toolan, Ned Boland, Albert Farrell, Mick Delaney, George Ingham, Robert Hurley, Andy Hanratty and Frank Moore. They met Dolphins in the final of Division II and defeated them by 2-7 to 0-1. 
The victories of 1938 paved the way for even greater feats in the memorable year of 1939.
Facilities.
The club's main playing field and training centre is at St. Davids CBS school in Artane, but its clubhouse is in Coolock village, 1 km away. In 2012, Parnells acquired the sports fields of Chanel College, adjoining their Coolock clubhouse, and built a new sports complex on the site, consisting of several floodlit all-weather pitches, training facilities, and a social centre. Chanel College now makes use of those facilities. The previous clubhouse, located at the entrance to the new facilities, was demolished in the process. The club has no connection (other than through the GAA) with Parnell Park in nearby Donnycarney.

</doc>
<doc id="5891819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891819" title="Sutton District High School">
Sutton District High School

Sutton District High School is a public high school in the York Region District School Board. It is located in Sutton, Ontario, Canada and serves Grade 9 to 12 students. It is the primary secondary school for most communities in the town of Georgina, including Sutton West, Pefferlaw, and Udora. It had previously served the town's largest community, Keswick, but this changed with the opening of Keswick High School in 2000.
History.
Sutton D.H.S. opened its doors in 1956. Revisions were made in 1962, and again in 1969.
Athletics.
The school offers a variety of athletic programs for students, including basketball, soccer, rugby, volleyball, baseball, swimming, curling, hockey and more.

</doc>
<doc id="5891822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891822" title="E-Sir">
E-Sir

Issah Mmari (May 20, 1981 - March 16, 2003) better known by his stage name E-Sir was a Kenyan hip hop artist signed to the Ogopa Deejays label. He was famous for his deft lyrical ability and command of the Swahili language. Even long after his death, he is still widely regarded as one the best rappers to emerge on the Kenyan hip hop scene. 
Career.
Issah "E-Sir" Mmari was born in California Estate, and raised in South C estate Nairobi, Kenya). He first came to be known in 2001 with his song "Jo", done in the same style as Black Rob's "Whoa". The song was E-Sir's major hit in the Kenyan music scene and was featured on the Ogopa DJs debut album. He went on to release his debut album "Nimefika" in 2003 which was a big hit, with virtually all the album tracks becoming radio singles in their own right. E-Sir won in four categories in the 2003 Kisima Music Awards.
Hits included "Mos Mos", "Boomba Train", "Hamunitishi" and "Leo ni Leo". He also recorded "bamba" featuring Big Pin & K-rupt. The latter also died in tragic carjacking incident the same year.
E-sir's younger brother Habib is also an upcoming rapper in the Kenyan music industry. He has couple of singles to his name, some of them with his partner Manga.
Death.
E-Sir died in a road accident on March 16, 2003, while in the company of fellow label mate Nameless (real name David Mathenge). He was on his way back from a concert in Nakuru town to help promote his album. His death created shock and grief particularly as it came when his career was taking off. His collaboration with Nameless titled "Maisha" was released posthumously and was also a hit.
Discography.
Albums.
2003: "Nimefika"
Track listing of album released under Ogopa DJs:
Awards.
Won
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="5891827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891827" title="A Brief Historical Retrospective">
A Brief Historical Retrospective

A Brief Historical Retrospective is a 1997 compilation album by The Sea and Cake, released only in Japan. It consists solely of tracks from the band's first two studio albums, "The Sea and Cake" (1994) and "Nassau" (1995), plus the unrelated song "Glad You're Right."

</doc>
<doc id="5891836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891836" title="Mitre clamp">
Mitre clamp

Miter clamps are designed to hold miter joints together. The earliest miter clamps are a simple spring in a C-shape with sharpened points that are sprung onto the outside corner of the miter joint. Recent designs are more complicated; a rigid body holds one fixed and one moveable jaw activated by a cam. Examples of the newer clamps are Jim Chestnut's "Clam Clamp" and the Maestro Miter Clamp.

</doc>
<doc id="5891839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891839" title="Wim Arras">
Wim Arras

Wim Arras (born 7 February 1964 in Lier) is a former Belgian cyclist who specialized in sprinting. He won the Paris–Brussels race and seemed to gain international fame on his 24th birthday. His cycling career ended abruptly when he had to retire due to a motorcycle accident in 1990.

</doc>
