<doc id="5913343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913343" title="Harl Pease">
Harl Pease

Harl Pease, Jr., (April 10, 1917-October 8, 1942) was a United States Army Air Forces officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest award, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during World War II. He is the namesake for Pease Air Force Base.
Biography.
Captain Harl Pease, born and raised in Plymouth, New Hampshire, enlisted in the Army Air Corps in 1939 after graduating from the University of New Hampshire the same year with a degree in Business Administration and becoming a brother of Theta Chi Fraternity.
He was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in June 1940 and awarded pilot rating upon completion of flight training at Kelly Field, Texas. Pease was assigned to the 19th Bomb Group as a B-17 pilot at Albuquerque Army Air Base, and in October 1941 flew with the group to Clark Field in the Philippines. As part of the Far East Air Force, Pease was present at Clark Field when it was bombed by Japanese aircraft on December 8, 1941, flew missions in defense of the Philippines, and evacuated with the group to Darwin, Northern Territory, on December 20, 1941. Pease continued to fly missions with the group in defense of Java until the end of February 1942.
As the Japanese advanced in the Philippines, Lt. Pease was ordered to lead three B-17s of the 19th BG to Del Monte Field on Mindanao to evacuate General Douglas MacArthur, along with the General's family and staff, to Australia. One of the battered planes was forced to abort early, while another developed engine trouble and crashed south of Del Monte. Pease landed his Fortress safely, despite its inoperative wheel brakes. MacArthur was shocked at the sight of Pease's aircraft, upon which the ground crews of the undersupplied 19th had used cut-up ration cans to patch bullet holes, as well as Pease himself, whom MacArthur described as a "child". MacArthur flatly refused to place his wife and son aboard Pease's B-17 and instead waited for another plane to arrive two days later.
In May, from a base near Townsville, Queensland, the 19th BG supported naval carrier aircraft in the Battle of the Coral Sea, and bombed targets on the north coast of New Guinea, 16-18 hour missions that necessitated staging through Port Moresby. During the first six months of the war, the 19th was awarded four Distinguished Unit Citations.
On August 6, 1942, one engine of Pease's B-17 failed during a mission, forcing a return to its base at Mareeba Airfield for repairs. The 19th BG had already scheduled a "maximum effort" mission against Rabaul, New Britain, on August 7 but Pease and his crew, with their aircraft out of commission, were not scheduled. Pease understood the importance of the mission and was determined to rejoin the group. Only one B-17 at Mareeba was flyable, a "war-weary" bomber relegated to training. Its engines needed overhaul, some armament had been dismounted, and the electric fuel-transfer pump had been used for replacement parts. Pease had a fuel tank installed in the bomb bay, with a handpump rigged to transfer fuel, and in less than three hours, was en route to Port Moresby with his crew, all of whom had also volunteered for the mission. They landed at 1 a.m. after working or flying almost continuously since 6 a.m. the previous day.
With only three hours crew rest, Pease took off with the group to attack Rabaul's Vunakanau airdrome. Forty to fifty miles from the target, the group was attacked by more than 30 Japanese fighters. Pease and his crew claimed several of the fighters, fought their way to the target, and bombed successfully, but sustained heavy damage in the attacks.
After leaving the target area, Pease’s crippled B-17 fell behind the rest of the formation. Once again attacked by fighters, he was seen to jettison the burning bomb bay fuel tank before falling back out of sight. Pease and his crew were presumed killed in action. Before the B-17 crashed, however, Pease and another crew member were able to bail out. Both were captured and taken to a POW camp in Rabaul. Pease languished there until October 8, 1942. On that date, Pease, three other Americans, and two Australians were forced to dig their own grave, then were beheaded. The executed men were buried by local missionaries. It was not until 1946 that their bodies were recovered for a full military burial.
On December 2, 1942, the Medal of Honor, awarded posthumously to Pease, was presented by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to his father. The recommendation for the award had been issued by Major General George Kenney, with an endorsement General MacArthur had personally written when Kenney notified him of Pease's death.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and Organization: Captain, U.S. Army Air Corps, 93rd Bombardment Squadron. Place and Date Near Rabaul, New Britain, 6-August 7, 1942. Entered Service at: Plymouth, N.H. Birth: Plymouth, N.H. G.O. No.: 59, November 4, 1942. 
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity above and beyond the call of duty in action with the enemy on 6–7 August 1942. When 1 engine of the bombardment airplane of which he was pilot failed during a bombing mission over New Guinea, Capt. Pease was forced to return to a base in Australia. Knowing that all available airplanes of his group were to participate the next day in an attack on an enemy-held airdrome near Rabaul, New Britain, although he was not scheduled to take part in this mission, Capt. Pease selected the most serviceable airplane at this base and prepared it for combat, knowing that it had been found and declared unserviceable for combat missions. With the members of his combat crew, who volunteered to accompany him, he rejoined his squadron at Port Moresby, New Guinea, at 1 a.m. on 7 August, after having flown almost continuously since early the preceding morning. With only 3 hours' rest, he took off with his squadron for the attack. Throughout the long flight to Rabaul, New Britain, he managed by skillful flying of his unserviceable airplane to maintain his position in the group. When the formation was intercepted by about 30 enemy fighter airplanes before reaching the target, Capt. Pease, on the wing which bore the brunt of the hostile attack, by gallant action and the accurate shooting by his crew, succeeded in destroying several Zeros before dropping his bombs on the hostile base as planned, this in spite of continuous enemy attacks. The fight with the enemy pursuit lasted 25 minutes until the group dived into cloud cover. After leaving the target, Capt. Pease's aircraft fell behind the balance of the group due to unknown difficulties as a result of the combat, and was unable to reach this cover before the enemy pursuit succeeded in igniting 1 of his bomb bay tanks. He was seen to drop the flaming tank. It is believed that Capt. Pease's airplane and crew were subsequently shot down in flames, as they did not return to their base. In voluntarily performing this mission Capt. Pease contributed materially to the success of the group, and displayed high devotion to duty, valor, and complete contempt for personal danger. His undaunted bravery has been a great insplration to the officers and men of his unit.

</doc>
<doc id="5913348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913348" title="Tiṉaimoḻi Aimpatu">
Tiṉaimoḻi Aimpatu

Tiṉaimoḻi Aimpatu () is a Tamil poetic work belonging to the "Pathinenkilkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature. This belongs to the 'post Sangam period' corresponding to between 100 – 500 CE. "Tiṉaimoḻi Aimpatu" contains fifty poems written by the poet Kannan Chenthanaar. 
The poems of "Tiṉaimoḻi Aimpatu" deal with "agam" (internal) subjects. "Agam" in the Sangam literature denotes the subject matters that deal with the intangibles of life such as human emotions, love, separation, lovers' quarrels, etc. The poems of "Tiṉaimoḻi Aimpatu" are categoriesed into ten poems for each of the five "thinai", or landscape of Sangam poetry and describe in detail the situation and emotions specific to each landscape. The five landscapes of Sangam poetry are "mullai" – forest, "kurinji" – mountains, "marutham" – farmland, "paalai" – arid land and "neithal" – seashore.

</doc>
<doc id="5913352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913352" title="I Don't Want You to Go">
I Don't Want You to Go

"I Don't Want You to Go" is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music singer Carolyn Dawn Johnson. It was released in December 2001 as the third single from her debut album "Room with a View". The song was also her third entry on two U.S. singles charts, peaking at number 7 on "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) and number 54 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was written by Johnson and Tommy Polk.
The song was previously recorded by Mindy McCready on the international version of her 1999 album "I'm Not So Tough".
Content.
"I Don't Want You to Go" is a moderate up-tempo which finds the female narrator wanting to stay in bed with her lover instead of going to work.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Lisa Mann and premiered in early 2002.
Chart positions.
"I Don't Want You to Go" debuted at number 60 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of December 15, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5913355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913355" title="Probably Wouldn't Be This Way">
Probably Wouldn't Be This Way

"Probably Wouldn't Be This Way" is the title of a song written by John Kennedy and Tammi Kidd, and recorded by American country music singer LeAnn Rimes. It was released in 2005 as the second single from the album "This Woman".
Content.
It is generally accepted as a haunting song with a darker tone. Although considered by many to be a typical break-up song, the lyrics, ""You ought'a see the way these people look at me / When they see me 'round here talkin' to this stone"," suggest that the song is actually about the death of a husband/fiance/lover/boyfriend. The video suggests that the person she is referring to was her husband since she is wearing a wedding band and not an engagement ring.
In an interview with Biography, LeAnn explains that "the story is of a woman who is mourning the loss of losing her lover and doesn't know if she can move on again from that."
Music video.
In the music video, which was directed by David McClister, LeAnn Rimes is wearing a ring on her ring finger, suggesting that she was married. Towards the beginning of the video, a wedding dress and flowers are in her house that would usually be seen at a funeral. Other scenes show her knocking feathers out of a pillow, lying on a bed, and trying to commit suicide by drowning in a bathtub.
The music video was ranked #29 on CMT's 100 Greatest Videos.

</doc>
<doc id="5913361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913361" title="Jeffrey Morgan (writer)">
Jeffrey Morgan (writer)

Jeffrey Morgan is a Canadian writer and editor who is best known for being the authorized biographer of both Alice Cooper and Iggy Pop & The Stooges.
Writing.
CREEM.
Morgan became the "de facto" Canadian Editor of CREEM: America's Only Rock 'n' Roll Magazine after he was recruited by its editor, Lester Bangs, in the spring of 1974.
Other writing.
1970s.
After being discovered by Bangs but prior to his first publication in CREEM, Morgan graduated from Northern Secondary high school where he served in his final year as President of the Student Council. Morgan then spent the balance of 1974 honing his craft as a rock critic and rock photographer for York University's weekly newspaper "Excalibur" where he reviewed and photographed concerts by Elton John and George Harrison.
Alice Cooper.
In 1992, Morgan began writing the authorized biography of Alice Cooper, which would take him seven years to complete. His finished biography, titled "Alcohol and Razor Blades, Poison and Needles: The Glorious Wretched Excess of Alice Cooper, All-American", appears in the box set "The Life and Crimes of Alice Cooper" which was published by Warner Bros. on April 20, 1999.
The Stooges.
In 2008, Morgan and collaborator Robert Matheu began co-writing the authorized biography of The Stooges. Their finished biography, titled "The Stooges, Yes" appears in "The Stooges: The Authorized and Illustrated Story" which was edited by Morgan and published in hardcover by Abrams on October 1, 2009.
Photography.
In 1974, York University's weekly newspaper "Excalibur" published Morgan's photographs of Elton John and George Harrison. In 2013, Morgan exhibited both photos on his website.
Music.
In 1975, Morgan met conceptual illustrator and graphic designer Dean Motter, with whom he would collaborate on a number of projects. Between 1977 and 1980, they recorded an "ambient electronic avant-garde progressive art rock album" called "Thrilling Women" under the collective band name of the Air Pirates, in tribute to the original Air Pirates. The album featured vocalist Paul Robinson of The Diodes, guitarist Toby Swann of The Battered Wives, and saxophonist Andy Haas of Martha And The Muffins.
Comics.
In 1966, DC Comics published Morgan's first writing in the comic book letters section of Batman #182.

</doc>
<doc id="5913365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913365" title="Mike Weaver (politician)">
Mike Weaver (politician)

Mike Weaver is a politician and retired military officer from the U.S. state of Kentucky. He has served as a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives since 1996, representing the 26th District. Weaver, a member of the Democratic Party.
Weaver served in the United States Navy as a young man; he later joined the U.S. Army. He fought in the Vietnam War. He became an Army officer after graduating from Officer Candidate School. He is considered a Fighting Dem. 
In the Kentucky House of Representatives, Weaver helped found a conservative caucus of Democrats in the state House called the Commonwealth Democrats. That group challenged the Democratic House leadership in the fall of 2005 because they felt the leaders had allowed the Republican Party to paint them as liberal. Many of them, including Weaver, also supported the tax modernization plan of Republican Governor Ernie Fletcher early on.
In 2007, Weaver sought the Democratic nomination for Kentucky state treasurer.
A Roman Catholic, Weaver and his wife Lois have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="5913378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913378" title="Henry d'Andeli">
Henry d'Andeli

Henry d'Andeli was a 13th-century Norman poet notable for his work "La Bataille des Vins" (English Battle of the Wines), and for the satirical poem "Battle of the Seven Arts". He also wrote "Dit du Chancelier Philippe" on the subject of his contemporary Philip the Chancellor.
The fabliau "Lai d'Aristote", which was formerly ascribed to him, is now thought to be by "Henry de Valenciennes".
Battle of the arts.
In his mock-epic battle (c1230-50), d'Andeli laments the defeat of rhetoric (represented by Grammar/Orléans) at the hands of Logic/Paris. Grammar is forced to flee to Egypt; and Poetry in the person of 'Sir Versifier' to the Loire countryside - d'Andeli predicting that "It will be thirty years before he dares show his face again".
Further Reading.
L. J. Paetow trans., "The Battle of the Seven Arts" (Berkeley 1914

</doc>
<doc id="5913386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913386" title="Tupac Shakur discography">
Tupac Shakur discography

The discography of Tupac Shakur, an American rapper consists of eleven studio albums. Four were released before Shakur's death on September 13, 1996 and seven were posthumously released, the first being "The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory" released on November 5, 1996 (although the album was finished before Shakur's death). Tupac Shakur has sold over 75 million records worldwide which make him one of the highsest selling artist of all time. As of June 2014, he is the second best-selling rap or hip-hop artist of the Nielsen Soundscan era in the United States with 29,235,000 albums sold. 

</doc>
<doc id="5913394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913394" title="Cycle Sluts from Hell">
Cycle Sluts from Hell

The Cycle Sluts from Hell were an American heavy metal band from the late 1980s to early 1990s. They were only together briefly but are remembered primarily for their name.
The band comprised four women singing under the stage names Queen Vixen, She-Fire of Ice, Honey One Percenter and Venus Penis Crusher, backed by various musicians most notable among them Pete Lisa, Christopher Moffett, Tom Von Doom, Fernando Rosario, Brian Smith, Scott DuBoys, Bobby Gustafson (Overkill), Eddie Coen (Sick Of It All). The lyrics were written by the girls and were tongue-in-cheek and filled with innuendo. The music was primarily written by Pete Lisa, along with writing contributions from Daniel Rey, Mark Durado, Christopher Moffett and Tom Von Doom. 
The Group had a pretty high profile in the New York City area in the late 80's and performed shows with artists such as Jane's Addiction at The Cat Club, Danzig at The old Studio 54, Joey Ramone at the Ritz and also at the Palladium on 14th St. just to name a few. 
The band's self-titled debut album was their only release. The song "I Wish You Were a Beer" is their best known track, written by Honey 1%er and Tom Von Doom. The video clip for it got MTV airplay when released and still appears regularly around the world (e.g. Australia). The track also featured in the MTV show "Beavis and Butthead", who reacted favorably to it. The band's biggest gig was a European tour with Motörhead in the early nineties.
Reunions.
July 24, 2006 brought a "one time only" reunion of some of the original band at The Delancey in New York.
In presence were Queen Vixen, Honey 1percenter, She Fire of Ice, Lord Roadkill and Scott Duboys.

</doc>
<doc id="5913404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913404" title="Skybreaker">
Skybreaker

Skybreaker, sequel to "Airborn", is a fantasy novel for young adults and adolescents written by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel. It continues the adventures of young airship student Matt Cruse, and Kate de Vries, a would-be scientist.
Plot summary.
Matt Cruse, having enrolled in the Airship Academy, has been stationed on the "Flotsam", an old cargo ship that serves as his training vessel. All Airship Academy students are assigned a training vessel for two weeks, and as part of his training he is assigned to partake in journeys made by the training vessel. During one trip, the ship flies through the Devil's Fist, a permanent storm in the Indian Ocean. After several dangerous maneuvers through wind drafts, the "Flotsam" levels. A vessel, drifting at 20,000 feet, is suddenly spotted from the crow's nest. Captain Tritus deduces that it is the "Hyperion", a long-lost ship of legend built for billionaire Theodore Grunel that is supposedly carrying great riches. Tritus foolishly attempts to tow the ship; however, he and most the crew are stricken with altitude sickness. Despite Tritus's protests, Matt
Matt returns to the Airship Academy where final exams are approaching. He is told by the principal that he is failing and needs increase his studying to pass the exams. Matt then gets a request to meet a strange man named John Rath who requests the coordinates of the "Hyperion". When the man is revealed to be a criminal in search of the Hyperion's loot, Matt escapes with a gypsy girl named Nadira. Matt, Kate, Nadira and Kate's chaperone, Ms. Simpkins, hire a man named Hal Slater, an accomplished pilot, to fly them to the "Hyperion".
The group travels several days toward Skyberia, a cold and desolate area around the Antarctic. A large, squid-like creature that lives in the sky gets trapped in the ship's rudder. One of the crew members dies while trying to get it out. Hal then allows Matt to become part of the crew. Kate and Hal begin to get along, causing Matt to feel jealous, and then Nadira and Matt kiss in the crow's nest shortly after. Matt and Kate's relationship begin to falter. They find out that there's a homing signal coming from the ship, and Hal immediately suspects Nadira because of both her secretive nature and because she's a gypsy. Matt realizes Rath put the beacon in the lining of his duffel. He interrupts Hal's rough search of Nadira's cabin where it is revealed her father was Szpirglas, a notorious pirate. Hal locks Nadira in her cabin for a day, but Matt and Kate persuade him to let her out. Soon after, they come across the "Hyperion".
While exploring the skies in the ship, they learn from Grunel's diary that a man named "B" is searching for the "Hyperion" to plunder it. They dismiss "B" as a product of Grunel's diseased mind, but later find out that "B" is Barton, Rath's employer who wished to steal Grunel's work years ago. Grunel had been a brilliant inventor and scientist who also studied rare animals, and thus his work is quite valuable. It is revealed that Rath, Barton, and the rest of the group are also on an airship headed toward the "Hyperion".
Using Hal's ship, the "Sagarmatha", the gang finds the "Hyperion" and climbs aboard. They find a whole collection of rare animals and a blueprint of a machine that produces hydrium. Knowing that the blueprints will be worth millions, the gang tries to leave, but they are stranded on the ship when Rath and his men shoot at the "Sagarmatha". Kate later reveals she knew that Matt and Nadira kissed, and she and Matt make up. After a battle onboard (during which the animals strike Rath and Barton, killing Barton but leaving Rath's fate unknown), the gang manages to escape the "Hyperion" in an ornithopter before the ship is destroyed. They lose the blueprints, but ultimately get away with 40 gold bars, found in a compartment of the ornithopter.
Publication history.
"Skybreaker" was first released in Canada in September 2005. It was shortly followed releases in the United Kingdom and the United States in September and December 2005, respectively. Below are the release details for the first edition hardback and paperback copies in these three publication regions.

</doc>
<doc id="5913407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913407" title="FinePix S3000">
FinePix S3000

The Fujifilm FinePix S3000 is a 3.2 megapixel digital camera with a 6x optical zoom lens. The camera was introduced in 2003 as the replacement for the FinePix 3800.
External links.
Fujifilm FinePix S3000 Specifications 

</doc>
<doc id="5913420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913420" title="Uniq (disambiguation)">
Uniq (disambiguation)

Uniq may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5913425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913425" title="Al-Hakam ibn Abi al-'As">
Al-Hakam ibn Abi al-'As

Al-Hakam ibn Abi al-`As ibn Umayyah ( / ALA-LC: "al-Ḥakam bin Abī al-‘As") was the father of the Umayyad Caliph Marwan I, and an uncle of Uthman. He is regarded as a Sahabi by Sunnis.
Family tree.
Hakam was the grandson of Umayya ibn Abd Shams, for whom the Umayyad clan is named. His father was Abu al-'As ibn Umayya. His brother was Affan ibn Abi al-'As the father of Uthman, the third Sunni Caliph, and his son Marwan ibn al-Hakam was the eighth Sunni Caliph.
Saffya bint abi al-A'as, al-Hakam's sister, is the aunt of Uthman ibn Affan, the wife of Abu Sufyan, and the mother of Ramlah bint Abi-Sufyan, a wife of Muhammad. He also had brother named Uthman ibn Abi al-'As.

</doc>
<doc id="5913438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913438" title="Bet'cha Gonna Need My Lovin'">
Bet'cha Gonna Need My Lovin'

"Bet'cha Gonna Need My Lovin'" is the first single from the 1984 album "Heart Don't Lie", the third album by American singer La Toya Jackson. The song was released on 7" and 12" singles without a B-side track, and peaked at #25 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart and at #55 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart. Jackson performed "Bet'cha Gonna Need My Lovin'" on the 30 June 1984 episode of "Bandstand".

</doc>
<doc id="5913449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913449" title="French campaign in Egypt and Syria">
French campaign in Egypt and Syria

The French Campaign in Egypt and Syria (1798–1801) was Napoleon Bonaparte's campaign in the Orient, ostensibly to protect French trade interests, undermine Britain's access to India, and to establish scientific enterprise in the region. It was the primary purpose of the Mediterranean campaign of 1798, a series of naval engagements that included the capture of Malta.
Despite many decisive victories and an initially successful expedition into Syria, Napoleon and his "Armée d'Orient" were eventually forced to withdraw, after sowing political disharmony in France, conflict in Europe, and suffering the defeat of the supporting French fleet at the Battle of the Nile.
Preparations and voyage.
Proposal.
At the time of the expedition, the Directoire had assumed executive power in France. It would resort to the army to maintain order in the face of the Jacobin and royalist threats, and count in particular on general Bonaparte, already a successful commander, having led the Italian campaign.
In August 1797, Bonaparte proposed a military expedition to seize Egypt. In a letter to the Directoire, he suggested this would protect French trade interests, attack British commerce and undermine Britain's access to India and the East Indies, since Egypt was well-placed on the trade routes to these places. Bonaparte wished to establish a French presence in the Middle East, with the ultimate dream of linking with France's ally Tipu Sultan, ruler of Mysore in India. As France was not ready for a head-on attack on Great Britain itself, the Directoire decided to intervene indirectly and create a "double port" connecting the Red Sea to the Mediterranean Sea, prefiguring the Suez Canal.
At the time, Egypt had been an Ottoman province since 1517, but was now out of direct Ottoman control, and was in disorder, with dissension among the ruling Mamluk elite. In France, Egyptian fashion was in full swing – intellectuals believed that Egypt was the cradle of western civilization and wished to export the Enlightenment to the Egyptians, French traders already based on the River Nile were complaining of harassment by the Mamluks, and Napoleon wished to walk in the footsteps of Alexander the Great. He assured the Directoire that "as soon as he had conquered Egypt, he will establish relations with the Indian princes and, together with them, attack the English in their possessions." According to a 13 February 1798 report by Talleyrand, "Having occupied and fortified Egypt, we shall send a force of 15,000 men from Suez to the Sultanate of Mysore, to join the forces of Tipu Sultan and drive away the English." The Directoire agreed to the plan in March 1798, though troubled by its scope and cost. However, they saw that it would remove the popular and over-ambitious Napoleon from the center of power, though this motive long remained secret.
Before departure from Toulon.
Rumors became rife as 40,000 soldiers and 10,000 sailors were gathered in French Mediterranean ports. A large fleet was assembled at Toulon: 13 ships of the line, 14 frigates, and 400 transports. To avoid interception by the British fleet under Nelson, the expeditions's target was kept secret. It was known only to Bonaparte himself, his generals Berthier and Caffarelli, and the mathematician Gaspard Monge. Bonaparte was the commander, with subordinates including Thomas Alexandre Dumas, Kléber, Desaix, Berthier, Caffarelli, Lannes, Damas, Murat, Andréossy, Belliard, Menou, and Zajączek. His aides de camp included his brother Louis Bonaparte, Duroc, Eugène de Beauharnais, Thomas Prosper Jullien, and the Polish nobleman Joseph Sulkowski.
The fleet at Toulon was joined by squadrons from Genoa, Civitavecchia and Bastia and was put under the command of Admiral Brueys and Contre-amirals Villeneuve, Du Chayla, Decrès and Ganteaume.
The fleet was about to set sail when a crisis developed with Austria, and
the Directoire recalled Bonaparte in case war broke out. The crisis was resolved in a few weeks, and Bonaparte received orders to travel to Toulon as soon as possible. It is claimed that, in a stormy meeting with the Directoire, Bonaparte threatened to dissolve them and directeur Reubell gave him a pen saying "Sign there, general!"
Bonaparte arrived at Toulon on 9 May 1798, lodging with Benoît Georges de Najac, the officer in charge of preparing the fleet. The army embarked confident in their commander's talent and on 19 May, just as he embarked, Bonaparte addressed the troops, especially those who had served under him in the "Armée d'Italie":
Capture of Malta.
When Napoleon's fleet arrived off Malta, Napoleon demanded that the Knights of Malta allow his fleet to enter the port and take on water and supplies. Grand Master von Hompesch replied that only two foreign ships would be allowed to enter the port at a time. Under that restriction, revictualling the French fleet would take weeks, and it would be vulnerable to the British fleet of Admiral Nelson. Napoleon therefore ordered the invasion of Malta.
The French Revolution had significantly reduced the Knights' income and their ability to put up serious resistance. Half of the Knights were French, and most of these knights refused to fight.
French troops disembarked in Malta at seven points on the morning of 11 June. Gen. Louis Baraguey d'Hilliers landed soldiers and cannon in the western part of the main island of Malta, under artillery fire from Maltese fortifications. The French troops met some initial resistance but pressed forward. The Knights' ill-prepared force in that region, numbering only about 2,000, regrouped. The French pressed on with their attack. After a fierce gun battle lasting twenty-four hours, most of the Knights' force in the west surrendered.
Napoleon then opened negotiations. Faced with vastly superior French forces and the loss of western Malta, von Hompesch surrendered the main fortress of Valletta.
Alexandria to Syria.
Disembarkation at Alexandria.
Thirteen days after leaving Malta and continuing to successfully elude detection by the Royal Navy for the time being, the fleet was in sight of Alexandria, where it landed on 1 July, though his plan had been to land elsewhere. On the day of the landing he told his troops "I promise to each soldier who returns from this expedition, enough to purchase six arpents of land." and added:
Menou had been the first to set out for Egypt, and was the first Frenchman to land. Bonaparte and Kléber landed together and joined Menou at night at the Marabou, on which the first French tricolor to be hoisted in Egypt was raised. Bonaparte was informed that Alexandria intended to resist him and he rushed to get a force ashore. At 2am he set off marching in three columns, arriving by surprise beneath Alexandria's walls and ordering an assault – the enemy gave up and fled. The city had not had time to surrender and put itself at the French's discretion but, despite Bonaparte's orders, the French soldiers broke into the city.
On 1 July Napoleon, aboard the ship "L'Orient" en route to Egypt, wrote the following proclamation to the Muslim inhabitants of Alexandria:
When the whole expeditionary force had been disembarked, Admiral Brueys received orders to take the fleet to Aboukir Bay before anchoring the battle-fleet in the old port of Alexandria if possible or taking it to Corfu. These precautions were made vital by the imminent arrival of the British fleet, which had already been seen near Alexandria 24 hours before the French fleet's arrival. It was wisest to avoid the risks of a naval battle – a defeat could have disastrous results and it was in the force's better interests to go by land, marching at top speed to Cairo to frighten the enemy commanders and surprise them before they could put any defence measures in place.
Victory on land, defeat at sea.
Louis Desaix marched across the desert with his division and two cannon, arriving at Demenhour, fifteen miles (24 km) from Alexandria, on 18 Messidor (6 July). Meanwhile Bonaparte left Alexandria, leaving the city under Kléber's command. General Dugua marched on Rosetta, with orders to seize and hold the entrance to the port housing the French fleet, which had to follow the route to Cairo down the river's left bank and rejoin the army at Rahmanié. On 20 Messidor (8 July), Bonaparte arrived at Demenhour, where he found the forces that had met up, and on 22 Messidor they marched to Rahmanié, where they then awaited the fleet with their provisions. The fleet arrived on 24 Messidor (12 July) and the army began to march again at night, followed by the fleet.
The winds' violence suddenly forced the fleet to the army's left and straight into the enemy fleet, which was supported by musket fire from 4,000 Mamluks, reinforced by peasants and Arabs. The French fleet had numerical superiority but still lost its gunboats to the enemy. Attracted by the sound of gunfire, Bonaparte ordered his land force to the charge and attacked the village of Chebreiss, which was captured after two hours' fierce fighting. The enemy fled in disorder towards Cairo, leaving 600 dead on the battlefield.
After a day's rest at Chebreiss, the French land force continued the pursuit. On 2 Thermidor (20 July), it arrived half a mile from the village of Embabé. The heat was unbearable and the army was exhausted and needed a rest, but there was not enough time and so Bonaparte drew up his 25,000 troops for battle approximately nine miles (15 km) from the Pyramids of Giza. He is said to have shown his army the pyramids behind the enemy's left flank and at the moment of ordering the attack shouted "Soldiers, see the tops of the Pyramids" – in accounts written long afterwards, this phrase was altered into "Soldiers, remember that from the top of these pyramids, 40 centuries of history contemplate you", though historians later discovered that the pyramids were not visible from the battlefield. This was the start of the so-called Battle of the Pyramids, a French victory over an enemy force of about 21,000 Mamluks. (Around 40,000 Mamluk soldiers stayed away from the battle.) The French defeated the Mamluk cavalry with a giant infantry square, with cannons and supplies safely on the inside. In all 300 French and approximately 6,000 Egyptians were killed. The battle gave rise to dozens of stories and drawings.
Dupuy's brigade pursued the routed enemy and at night entered Cairo, which had been abandoned by the beys Mourad and Ibrahim. On 4 Thermidor (22 July), the notables of Cairo came to Giza to meet Bonaparte and offered to hand over the city to him. Three days later, he moved his main headquarters there. Desaix was ordered to follow Mourad, who had set off for Upper Egypt. An observation corps was put in place at Elkanka to keep an eye on the movements of Ibrahim, who was heading towards Syria. Bonaparte personally led the pursuit of Ibrahim, beat him at Salahie and pushed him completely out of Egypt.
The transports had sailed back to France, but the battle fleet stayed and supported the army along the coast. The British fleet under the command of Horatio Nelson had been searching in vain for the French fleet for weeks. The British fleet had not found it in time to prevent the landings in Egypt, but on 1 August Nelson discovered the French warships anchored in a strong defensive position in the Bay of Abukir. The French believed that they were open to attack only on one side, the other side being protected by the shore. However, during the Battle of the Nile the arriving British fleet under Horatio Nelson managed to slip half of their ships in between the land and the French line, thus attacking from both sides. In a few hours 11 out of the 13 French ships of the line and 2 out of the 4 French frigates were captured or destroyed; the four remaining ships fled. This frustrated Bonaparte's goal of strengthening the French position in the Mediterranean Sea, and instead put it totally under British control. News of the naval defeat reached Bonaparte en route back to Cairo from defeating Ibrahim but, far from being worried, Mullié states:
Bonaparte's administration of Egypt.
After the naval defeat at Aboukir, Bonaparte's campaign remained land-bound. However, his army still succeeded in consolidating power in Egypt, although it faced repeated nationalist uprisings, and Napoleon began to behave as absolute ruler of all Egypt. He set up a pavilion and from within it presided over a "fête du Nil" – it was he who gave the signal to throw into the floats the statue of the river's fiancée, his name and Mohammed's were mingled in the same accalamations, on his orders gifts were distributed to the people, and he gave kaftans to his main officers.
In a largely unsuccessful effort to gain the support of the Egyptian population, Bonaparte issued proclamations that cast him as a liberator of the people from Ottoman and Mamluk oppression, praising the precepts of Islam and claiming "friendship" between France and the Ottoman Empire despite French intervention in the breakaway state. This position as a liberator and Ottoman ally initially gained him solid support in Egypt and later led to admiration for Napoleon from Muhammad Ali of Egypt, who succeeded where Bonaparte had not in reforming Egypt and declaring its independence from the Ottomans. In a letter to a sheikh in August 1798, Napoleon wrote, "I hope... I shall be able to unite all the wise and educated men of all the countries and establish a uniform regime based on the principles of the Quran which alone are true and which alone can lead men to happiness." However, Bonaparte's secretary Bourienne wrote that his employer had no serious interest in Islam or any other religion beyond their political value.
Shortly after Bonaparte's return from facing Ibrahim came Mohammed's birthday, which was celebrated with great pomp. Bonaparte himself directed the military parades for the occasion, preparing for this festival in the cheik's house wearing oriental dress and a turban. It was on this occasion that the divan granted him the title Ali-Bonaparte after Bonaparte proclaimed himself "a worthy son of the Prophet" and "favourite of Allah". Around the same time he took severe measures to protect pilgrim caravans from Egypt to Mecca, writing a letter himself to the governor of Mecca.
Even so, thanks to the taxes he imposed on them to support his army, the Egyptians remained unconvinced of the sincerity of all Bonaparte's attempts at conciliation and continued to attack him ceaselessly. Any means, even sudden attacks and assassination, were allowed to force the "infidels" out of Egypt. Military executions were unable to deter these attacks and they continued, showing that in the end the French were in Egypt but not really its masters.
22 September 1798 was the anniversary of the founding of the First French Republic and Bonaparte organised the most magnificent celebration possible. On his orders, an immense circus was built in the largest square in Cairo, with 105 columns (each with a flag bearing the name of a département) round the edge and a colossal inscribed obelisk at the centre. On seven classical altars were inscribed the names of heroes killed in the French Revolutionary Wars, whilst the structure was entered through a triumphal arch, on which was shown the battle of the Pyramids. Here there was some awkwardness – the painting flattered the French but aggrieved the defeated Egyptians they were trying to win over as allies.
On the day of the festival, Bonaparte addressed his troops, enumerating their exploits since the 1793 siege of Toulon and telling them:
After making himself master of Egypt, Bonaparte gave Egypt his version of the benefits of western civilisation. Cairo soon took on the appearance of a European city, with its administration confided to a 'divan' chosen from among the best men of the province. At the same time the other cities received municipal institutions. An Institut d'Égypte of French scholars was set up and he joined the title of President of the Institut to the title of académicien. The conqueror became the legislator, setting up a library, a chemistry laboratory, a health service, a botanical garden, an observatory, an antiquities museum and a menagerie.
Under Bonaparte's orders, the scholars drew up a comparative table of Egyptian and French weights and measures, wrote a French-Arabic dictionary and calculated a triple Egyptian, Coptic and European calendar. Two journals were set up in Cairo, one for literature and political economy under the name "Décade égyptienne", and the other for politics under the title "Courrier égyptien".
Its numbers hugely reduced by deaths in action and from disease, the army could no longer hope for reinforcements from France after the naval disaster at Aboukir, but Bonaparte tried to overcome this problem by levying from among the slaves in Egypt between the ages of 16 and 24 and turning the 3,000 sailors who had survived Aboukir into a "légion nautique". All the streets in Cairo were closed at night by gates to stop the inhabitants aiding the Arabs in a night attack on the French. Bonaparte removed these fences, since the Egyptians could use them as barricades if they rose against the French – this removal proved to be justified by the events that soon followed.
Revolt of Cairo.
On 22 October 1798, while Bonaparte was in old Cairo, the city's population was spreading weapons around the streets and fortifying strongpoints, especially at the Great Mosque. The chef de brigade Dupuy, Cairo's commander, was the first to be killed, then Sulkowski, friend and aide de camp to Bonaparte. Excited by the sheikhs and imams, the Egyptians swore by the Prophet to exterminate all Frenchmen and any Frenchman they met – at home or in the streets – was mercilessly killed. Crowds rallied at the city gates to keep out Bonaparte, who was repulsed and forced to take a detour to get in via the Boulaq gate.
The French army's situation was critical – the British were menacing coastal towns, Murad Bey was still in the field in Upper Egypt, and generals Menou and Dugua were only just able to hold down Lower Egypt. The Arabs and the Egyptian peasants had common cause with those rising against the French in Cairo – the whole desert was in arms. A manifesto of the Great Lord was published widely throughout Egypt. This violent and bigoted attack on the religion of the French (or lack of it) stated:
Bonaparte did not feel threatened by the storm building on all sides. Via his orders the Arabs were beaten back into the desert and the artillery was turned back on the rebel city. Bonaparte personally hunted down the rebels from street to street and forced them to concentrate in the Great Mosque. Luckily for the French the sky was covered with clouds and thunder was rumbling, a very rare phenomenon in Egypt. Many of the superstitious residents considered the thunder as a sign from heaven and they begged for mercy from their enemies. Bonaparte replied "He God is too late – you've begun, now I will finish!" He then immediately ordered his cannon to open fire on the Mosque. The French broke down the gates and stormed into the building, massacring the Egyptians inside.
Back in absolute control of Cairo, Bonaparte sought out the authors and instigators of the revolt. Several sheikhs and many Turks or Egyptians were convicted of participation in the plot and executed. To complete his punishment, the city was hit by a high tax and its divan was replaced by a military commission. To negate the effects of the Great Lord's firman, the French posted a proclamation in all the cities of Egypt, ending in the words:
The most religious of the prophets said: "The revolt has fallen asleep – cursed be he who wakes it up!" While Bonaparte remained in Egypt, there was no further revolt.
Syria.
Canal of the Pharaohs.
With Egypt quiet again and under his control, Bonaparte used this time of rest to visit Suez and see with his own eyes the possibility of a canal (known as the Canal of the Pharaohs) said to have been cut in antiquity between the Red Sea and the Mediterranean by order of the pharaohs. Before setting out on the expedition, he gave Cairo back its self-government as a token of its pardon – a new 'divan' made up of 60 members replaced the military commission.
Then, accompanied by his colleagues from the Institut, Berthollet, Monge, Le Père, Dutertre, Costaz, Caffarelli, and followed by a 300-man escort, Bonaparte set out for the Red Sea and after three days' marching across the desert he and his caravan arrived at Suez. After giving orders to complete the fortifications at Suez, Bonaparte crossed the Red Sea and on 28 December 1798 moved into Sinai to look for the celebrated fountains of Moses 17 kilometres from Suez. On his return, surprised by the rising tide, he ran the risk of drowning. Arriving back at Suez, after much exploration the expedition fulfilled its aim, finding the remains of the ancient canal built by Senusret III and Necho II.
Ottoman offensives.
In the meantime the Ottomans in Constantinople (modern-day Istanbul) received news of the French fleet's destruction at Aboukir and believed this spelled the end for Bonaparte and his expedition, trapped in Egypt. Sultan Selim III decided to wage war against France, and sent two armies to Egypt. The first army, under the command of Jezzar Pasha, had set out with 12,000 soldiers; but was reinforced with troops from Damascus, Aleppo, Iraq (10,000 men), and Jerusalem (8,000 men). The second army, under the command of Mustafa Pasha, began on Rhodes with about eight thousand soldiers. He also knew he would get about 42,000 soldiers from Albania, Constantinople, Asia Minor, and Greece. The Ottoman planned two offensives against Cairo. From Syria, across the desert of Salhayeh-Belbays-El Kankah, and from Rhodes by sea landing in the Aboukir area or the port city of Damietta.
French response.
In January 1799, during the canal expedition, the French learned of the hostile Ottoman movements and that Jezzar had seized the desert fort of El-Arich ten miles (16 km) from Syria's frontier with Egypt, which he was in charge of guarding. Certain that war with the Ottoman sultan was imminent and that he would be unable to defend against the Ottoman army, Bonaparte decided that his best defence would be to attack them first in Syria, where a victory would give him more time to prepare against the Ottoman forces on Rhodes.
He prepared around 13,000 soldiers who were organised in divisions under the command of Generals Reynier (with 2,160 men), Kléber (with 2,336), Bon (2,449), Lannes (2,938), division cavalry under General Murat (900), brigade of infantry and cavalry under Brigade chief Bessières (400), camel-company (89), artillery under Dommartin (1,387), and engineers and sappers under Caraffeli (3,404). Every infantry and cavalry division had 6 cannons. Napoleon took 16 siege cannons which were placed on ships in Damietta under the command of Captain Standelet. He also ordered contre-amiral Perrée to Jaffa with siege artillery pieces. The total artillery sent on the campaign was 80 cannon.
Regnier and the vanguard quickly arrived before Arish, captured it, destroyed part of the garrison and forced the rest to take refuge in the castle. At the same time he caused Ibrahim's mamluks to flee and captured their camp. Bonaparte's French forces left Egypt on 5 February 1799 and, seven days after leaving Cairo, Bonaparte too arrived at Arish and bombarded one of the castle towers. The garrison surrendered two days later and some of the garrison joined the French army.
Jaffa.
After marching across the desert the army arrived in Gaza, where it rested for two days, and then moved onto Jaffa. This city was surrounded by high walls flanked by towers. Jezzar had entrusted its defence to elite troops, with the artillery manned by 1200 Ottoman gunners. The city was one of the ways into Syria, its port could be used by his fleet and a large part of the expedition's success depended on its fall. This meant Bonaparte had to capture the city before advancing further, and so he laid siege to it from 3 to 7 March.
All the outer works were in the besiegers' power and a breach could be produced. When Bonaparte sent a Turk to the city's commander to demand his surrender, the commander beheaded him despite the envoy's neutrality and ordered a sortie. He was repulsed and on the evening of the same day the besiegers' cannonballs caused one of the towers to crumble. Despite the defenders' desperate resistance, Jaffa fell. Two days and two nights of carnage were enough to assuage the French soldiers' fury – 4,000 prisoners were shot or beheaded by an executioner taken on in Egypt. This vengeful execution found apologists, who wrote that Napoleon could neither afford to hold such a large number of prisoners nor let them escape to join Jezzar's ranks.
Before leaving Jaffa, Bonaparte set up a divan for the city along with a large hospital on the site of the Carmelite monastery at Mount Carmel to treat those of his soldiers who had caught the plague, whose symptoms had been seen among them since the start of the siege. A report from generals Bon and Rampon on the plague's spread worried Bonaparte. To calm his army, it is said he went into the sufferers' rooms, spoke with and consoled the sick and touched them, saying "See, it's nothing", then left the hospital and told those who thought his actions unwise "It was my duty, I'm commander-in-chief". However, some later historians state that Napoleon avoided touching or even meeting plague-sufferers to avoid catching it and that his visits to the sick were invented by later Napoleonic propaganda. For example, long after the campaign, Antoine-Jean Gros produced the propaganda painting "Bonaparte visiting the plague-victims of Jaffa" in 1804. This showed Napoleon touching a sick man's body, modelling him on an Ancien Régime king-healer touching sufferers from the "King's Evil" during his coronation rites – this was no coincidence, since 1804 was the year Napoleon Bonaparte crowned himself emperor.
Mount Tabor.
From Jaffa the army set off for the coastal town of Acre. En route it captured Haifa and the munitions and provisions stored there, along with the castle at Jaffet, the castle at Nazareth and the town of Tyre. The siege of Acre began on 18 March but the French were unable to take it and it was here that the Syrian campaign came to an abrupt halt. The city was defended by newly created Ottoman infantry elites (Nizam-ı Cedid) under the command of Jezzar Pasha and was right on the coast, enabling it to be reinforced and resupplied by the British and Ottoman fleets.
After sixty days' repeated attacks and two murderous and inconclusive assaults, the city remained uncaptured. Even so, it was still awaiting reinforcements by sea as well as a large army forming up in Asia on the sultan's orders to march against the French. To find out the latter's movements, Jezzar ordered a general sortie against Bonaparte's camp. This sortie was supported by its own artillery and a naval bombardment from the British. With his usual impetuosity, Bonaparte pushed Jezzar's columns back against their own walls and then went to help Kléber, who was retrenched in the ruins with 4,000 Frenchmen and 20,000 Ottomans under his command. Bonaparte conceived a trick which used all the advantages offered him by the enemy position, sending Murat and his cavalry across the River Jordan to defend the river crossing and Vial and Rampon to march on Nablus, while Bonaparte himself put his troops between the Ottomans and the magazines. These manoeuvres were successful, in what was known as the battle of Mount Tabor. The enemy army, taken by surprise at many points at once, was routed and forced to retreat, leaving their camels, tents, provisions and 5,000 dead on the battlefield.
Acre.
Returning to besiege Acre, Bonaparte learned that contre-amiral Perrée had landed seven siege artillery pieces at Jaffa. Bonaparte then ordered two assaults, both vigorously repulsed. A fleet was sighted flying the Ottoman flag and Bonaparte realised he must capture the city before that fleet arrived there with reinforcements. A fifth general attack was ordered, which took the outer works, planted the French tricolour on the rampart, pushed the Ottomans back into the city and forced the Ottoman fire to relent. Acre was thus taken or about to capitulate.
However, one of those fighting on the Ottoman side was the French émigré and engineer officer Phélippeaux, one of Bonaparte's classmates at the École militaire. Phélippeaux ordered cannon to be placed in the most advantageous positions and new trenches dug as if by magic behind the ruins which Bonaparte's forces had captured. At the same time Sidney Smith, commander of the British fleet, and his ships' crews landed. These factors renewed the courage of the besieged and they pushed Bonaparte's force back, with stubborn fury on both sides. Three final consecutive assaults were all repulsed, convincing Bonaparte that it would be unwise to continue trying to capture Acre. He raised the siege in May and consoled his soldiers with the proclamation:
Retreat from Acre.
The French force's situation was now critical – the enemy could harass its rear as it retreated, it was tired and hungry in the desert, it was carrying a large number of plague-sufferers. To carry these sufferers in the middle of the army would spread the disease, so they had to be carried in the rear, where they were most at risk from the fury of the Ottomans, keen to avenge the massacres at Jaffa. There were two hospital depots, one in the large hospital on Mount Carmel and the other at Jaffa. On Bonaparte's orders, all those at Mount Carmel were evacuated to Jaffa and Tentura. The gun horses were abandoned before Acre and Bonaparte and all his officers handed their horses over to the transport officer Daure, with Bonaparte walking to set an example.
To conceal its withdrawal from the siege, the army set off at night. Arriving at Jaffa, Bonaparte ordered three evacuations of the plague sufferers to three different points – one by sea to Damietta, one by land to Gaza and one by land to Arish. During the retreat the army picked clean all the lands through which they passed, with livestock, crops and houses all destroyed by sword and fire and Gaza the only place to be spared, in return for remaining loyal to Bonaparte. To speed the retreat, Bonaparte also took the controversial step of killing prisoners and plague-stricken men along the way. His supporters argued that this was necessary given continuing harassment of stragglers by Ottoman forces.
Back in Egypt.
Finally, after 4 months away from Egypt, the expedition arrived back at Cairo with 1800 wounded, after losing 600 men to the plague and 1200 to enemy action. In the meantime Ottoman and British emissaries had brought news of Bonaparte's setback at Acre to Egypt, stating that his expeditionary force was largely destroyed and Bonaparte himself was dead. On his return Bonaparte scotched these rumours by re-entering Egypt as if he was at the head of a triumphal army, with his soldiers carrying palm branches, emblems of victory. In his proclamation to the inhabitants of Cairo, Bonaparte told them:
Abukir to withdrawal.
Land battle at Abukir.
At Cairo the army found the rest and supplies it needed to recover, but its stay there could not be a long one. Bonaparte had been informed that Murad Bay had evaded the pursuit by generals Desaix, Belliard, Donzelot and Davoust and was descending on Upper Egypt. Bonaparte thus marched to attack him at Giza, also learning that 100 Ottoman ships were off Aboukir, threatening Alexandria.
Without losing time or returning to Cairo, Bonaparte ordered his generals to make all speed to meet the army commanded by the pasha of Rumelia, Saïd-Mustapha, which had joined up with the forces under Murad Bey and Ibrahim. Before leaving Giza, where he found them, Bonaparte wrote to Cairo's divan, stating:
First Bonaparte advanced to Alexandria, from which he marched to Aboukir, whose fort was now strongly garrisoned by the Ottomans. Bonaparte deployed his army so that Mustapha would have to win or die with all his family. Mustapha's army was 18,000 strong and supported by several cannon, with trenches defending it on the landward side and free communication with the Ottoman fleet on the seaward side. Bonaparte ordered an attack on 25 July and the Battle of Abukir ensued. In a few hours the trenches were taken, 10,000 Ottomans drowned in the ocean and the rest captured or killed. Most of the credit for the French victory that day goes to Murat, who captured Mustapha himself. Mustapha's son was in command of the fort and he and all his officers survived but were captured and sent back to Cairo as part of the French triumphal procession. Seeing Bonaparte return with these high-ranking prisoners, the population of Cairo superstitiously welcomed him as a prophet-warrior who had predicted his own triumph with such remarkable precision.
Bonaparte leaves Egypt.
The land battle at Abukir was Bonaparte's last action in Egypt, partly restoring his reputation after the French naval defeat at the same place a year earlier. However, with the Egyptian campaign stagnating and political instability developing back home, a new phase in Bonaparte's career was beginning – he felt that he had nothing left to do in Egypt which was worthy of his ambition and that (as had been shown by the defeat at Acre) the forces he had left to him there were not sufficient for an expedition of any importance outside of Egypt. He also foresaw that the army was getting yet weaker from losses in battle and to disease and would soon have to surrender and be taken prisoner by its enemies, which would destroy all the prestige he had won by his many victories. Bonaparte thus spontaneously decided to return to France. During the prisoner exchange at Aboukir and notably via the "Gazette de Francfort" Sidney Smith had sent him, he was in communication with the British fleet, from which he had learned of events in France. As Bonaparte saw (and later mythologised) it France was thrown back into retreat, its enemies had recaptured France's conquests, France was unhappy at its dictatorial government and was nostalgic for the glorious peace it had signed in the Treaty of Campo Formio – as Bonaparte saw it, this meant France needed him and would welcome him back.
He only shared the secret of his return with a small number of friends whose discretion and loyalty were well-known. He left Cairo in August 1799 on the pretext of a voyage in the Nile Delta without arousing suspicion, accompanied by the scholars Monge and Berthollet, the painter Denon, and generals Berthier, Murat, Lannes and Marmont. On 23 August 1799 a proclamation informed the army that Bonaparte had transferred his powers as commander in chief to general Kléber. This news was taken badly, with the soldiers angry with Bonaparte and the French government for leaving them behind, but this indignation soon ended, since the troops were confident in Kléber, who convinced them that Bonaparte had not left permanently but would soon be back with reinforcements from France. As night fell, the frigate "Muiron" silently moored by the shore, with three other ships escorting her. Some became worried when a British corvette was sighted at the moment of departure, but Bonaparte cried "Bah! We'll get there, luck has never abandoned us, we shall get there, despite the English."
Bonaparte's voyage to France.
On their 41-day voyage back they did not meet a single enemy ship to stop them, with some sources suggesting that Bonaparte had purchased the British fleet's neutrality via a tacit agreement, though others hold this unlikely, since many would argue that he also had a pact with Nelson to leave him to board on the Egyptian coast unopposed with the fleet bearing his large army. It has been suggested that Sidney Smith and other British commanders in the Mediterranean helped Napoleon evade the British blockade, thinking that he might act as a Royalist element back in France, but there is no solid historical evidence in support of this conjecture.
On 1 October Napoleon's small flotilla entered port at Ajaccio, where contrary winds kept them until 8 October, when they set out for France. When the coast came in sight, ten British ships were sighted. Contre-amiral Ganteaume suggested changing course towards Corsica, but Bonaparte said "No, this manoeuvre would lead us to England, and I want to get to France.". This courageous act saved them and on 8 October 1799 (16 vendémiaire year VIII) the frigates anchored in the roads off Fréjus. As there were no sick men on board and the plague in Egypt had ended six months before their departure, Bonaparte and his entourage were allowed to land immediately without waiting in quarantine. At 6pm he set off for Paris, accompanied by his chief of staff Berthier. He stopped off at Saint-Raphaël, where he built a pyramid commemorating the expedition.
End of the campaign.
The troops Bonaparte left behind were supposed to be honourably evacuated under the terms of a treaty Kléber had negotiated with Smith in early 1800, but British Admiral Keith reneged on this treaty, sending an amphibious assault force of 30,000 Mamlukes against Kléber.
Kléber defeated the Mamlukes at the battle of Heliopolis in March 1800, and then suppressed an insurrection in Cairo. However, on 14 June (26 prairial) 1800 a Syrian student called Suleiman al-Halabi assassinated Kléber with a dagger in the heart, chest, left forearm and right thigh. Command of the French army passed to Menou, who held command from 3 July 1800 until August 1801. Menou's letter was published in "Le Moniteur" on 6 September, with the conclusions of the committee charged with judging those responsible for the assassination:
Under continual harassment from the new Anglo-Ottoman land offensive, defeated by the British in the Battle of Alexandria on March 21 and then besieged in Alexandria from 17 August – 2 September 1801, Menou eventually capitulated to the British. Under the terms of his capitulation, the British general Ralph Abercromby allowed the French army to be repatriated in British ships. Menou also signed over to Britain the priceless hoard of Egyptian antiquities such as the Rosetta Stone which it had collected. After initial talks in Al Arish on 30 January 1800, the Treaty of Paris on 25 June 1802 ended all hostilities between France and the Ottoman Empire, resecuring Egypt for the Ottomans.
Scientific expedition.
An unusual aspect of the Egyptian expedition was the inclusion of an enormous contingent of scientists and scholars ("savants") assigned to the invading French force, 167 in total. This deployment of intellectual resources is considered as an indication of Napoleon's devotion to the principles of the Enlightenment, and by others as a masterstroke of propaganda obfuscating the true motives of the invasion; the increase of Bonaparte's power.
These scholars included engineers and artists, members of the Commission des Sciences et des Arts, the geologist Dolomieu, Henri-Joseph Redouté, the mathematician Gaspard Monge (a founding member of the École polytechnique), the chemist Claude Louis Berthollet, Vivant Denon, the mathematician Jean-Joseph Fourier (who did some of the empirical work upon which his "analytical theory of heat" was founded in Egypt), the physicist Étienne Malus, the naturalist Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire, the botanist Alire Raffeneau-Delile, and the engineer Nicolas-Jacques Conté of the Conservatoire national des arts et métiers. Their original aim was to help the army, notably by opening a Suez Canal, mapping out roads and building mills to supply food. They founded the Institut d'Égypte with the aim of propagating Enlightenment values in Egypt through interdisciplinary work, improving its agricultural and architectural techniques for example. A scientific review was created under the title "Décade égyptienne" and in the course of the expedition the scholars also observed and drew the flora and fauna in Egypt and became interested in the country's resources.
The Egyptian Institute that Napoleon established saw the construction of laboratories, libraries, and a printing press. The group worked prodigiously, and some of their discoveries were not finally cataloged until the 1820s.
A young engineering officer, Pierre-François-Xavier Bouchard, discovered the Rosetta Stone in July 1799. However, many of the antiquities collected by the French in Egypt were seized by the British Navy and ended up in the British Museum – only about 50 of the 5,000 Egyptian objects in the Louvre were collected during the 1799–1801 Egyptian expedition. Even so, the scholars' research in Egypt gave rise to the "Description de l'Égypte", published on Napoleon's orders between 1809 and 1821.
Napoleon's discoveries in Egypt gave rise to fascination with Ancient Egyptian culture and the birth of Egyptology in Europe.
The Printing Press.
The printing press was first introduced to Egypt by Napoleon. He brought with his expedition a French, Arabic, and Greek printing press, which were far superior in speed, efficiency and quality than the nearest presses used in Istanbul. In the Middle East, Africa, India and even much of Eastern Europe and Russia, printing was a minor, specialized activity until the 1700s at least. From about 1720, the Mutaferrika Press in Istanbul produced substantial amounts of printing, of which some Egyptian clerics were aware of at the time. Juan Cole reports that, "Boneaparte was a master of what we would now call spin, and his genius for it is demonstrated by reports in Arabic sources that several of his more outlandish allegations were actually taken seriously in the Egyptian countryside."
Bonaparte's initial use of Arabic in his printed proclamations was rife with error. In addition to much of the awkwardly translated Arabic wording being unsound grammatically, often the proclamations were so poorly constructed that there were simply undecipherable. The French Orientalist Jean Michel de Venture de Paradis, perhaps with the help of Maltese aides, were responsible for translating the first of Napoleon's French proclamations into Arabic. The Maltese, Catholic Christians, speak a dialect distantly related to Egyptian dialect. However, they were seldom schooled in writing classical Arabic, which differs greatly in grammar, vocabulary, and idiom. Venture de Paradis, alternatively, who had lived in Tunis, understood Arabic grammar and vocabulary, but did not know how to use them idiomatically.
The Sunni Muslim clerics of the Al-Azhar University in Cairo reacted incredulously to Napoleon's proclamations. Abd al-Rahman al-Jabarti, a Cairene cleric and historian, received the proclamations with a combination of amusement, bewilderment, and outrage. He berated the French's poor Arabic grammar and the infelicitous style of their proclamations. Over the course of Napoleon's invasion of Egypt, al-Jabarti wrote a wealth of material regarding the French and their occupation tactics. Among his observations, he rejected Napoleon's claim that the French were "muslims" (the wrong noun case was used in the Arabic proclamation, making it a lower case "m") and poorly understood the French concept of a republic and democracy – words which did not exist at the time in Arabic.
Analysis.
In addition to its significance in the wider French Revolutionary Wars, the campaign had a powerful impact on the Ottoman Empire in general and the Arab world in particular. The invasion demonstrated the military, technological, and organisational superiority of the Western European powers to the Middle East, leading to profound social changes in the region. The invasion introduced Western inventions, such as the printing press, and ideas, such as liberalism and incipient nationalism, to the Middle East, eventually leading to the establishment of Egyptian independence and modernisation under Muhammad Ali Pasha in the first half of the 19th century and eventually the Nahda, or Arab Renaissance. To modernist historians, the French arrival marks the start of the modern Middle East.
The campaign ended in what some back home in France believed was a failure, with 15,000 French troops killed in action and 15,000 by disease. However, Napoleon's reputation as a brilliant military commander remained intact and even rose higher, despite some of his failures during the campaign. This was due to his expert propaganda, such as his "Courrier d'Égypte", set up to propagandise the expeditionary force itself and support its morale. That propaganda even spread back to France, where news of defeats such as at sea in Aboukir Bay and on land in Syria were suppressed. Defeats could be blamed on the now-assassinated Kléber, leaving Napoleon free from blame and with a burnished reputation. This opened his way to power and he profited from his reputation by engineering his becoming First Consul in the coup d'État of 18 brumaire (November 1799).
Mamelukes in French Service.
Colonel Barthelemy Serra took the first steps towards creating a Mameluke Corps in France. On September 27, 1800 he wrote a letter from Cairo to the first consul, couched in a very fulsome Oriental style. He regretted being very far away from Napoleon and offered his total devotion to the French nation and expressed the Mameluke's wish to become the bodyguard to the first consul. They wished to serve him as living shields against those who would seek to harm him. The first consul became receptive of admitting a unit of carefully selected cavalrymen as his personal guard. He had an officer pay appropriate respects to the foreign troops and provided Napoleon himself with a full report to the number of refugees.

</doc>
<doc id="5913462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913462" title="Bucktooth tetra">
Bucktooth tetra

The bucktooth tetra ("Exodon paradoxus") is the only member of the genus Exodon and is a freshwater fish of the characin family (family Characidae) of order Characiformes. It is native to the Amazon Basin and Guyana. Though first described in 1845, it was not imported and distributed by the aquarium trade until 1932.
This species is of typical elongated tetra appearance; it is light tan in appearance with two distinct black spots (one before the tail and another below the dorsal fin). The dorsal fin is bright red. The name is quite contradictory of the actual fish however, with Bucktooth tetras showing no signs of actual teeth. It grows to a maximum overall length of approximately 12 cm (4.7 in).
The fish's natural diet consist of small invertebrates, other fish, and plants. It is not a safe tank mate for fellow tetras because it will eat small fish and it is not a safe tank mate for larger species because it is a notorious lepidophage. Bucktooth tetra are best alone or in large planted tanks with adequate coverage for other species. They are best kept in shoals of 8 or more; a shoal that is less than 8 will pick at each other and stress the exodons to a point where it will catch some disease or will die of severe wounds. It is otherwise extremely hardy and can live in home aquaria for more than ten years.

</doc>
<doc id="5913465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913465" title="List of marimbists">
List of marimbists

Particularly notable classical performers on the marimba include:

</doc>
<doc id="5913502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913502" title="Morton Beiser">
Morton Beiser

Morton Beiser, CM, MD, FRCP (born November 16, 1936) is a Canadian professor, psychiatrist and epidemiologist known for his research in the fields of immigration and resettlement.
He is Professor of Distinction at Ryerson University, Crombie Professor Emeritus of Cultural Pluralism and Health at the University of Toronto, Founding Director and Senior Scientist at the Ontario Metropolis Centre of Excellence for Research on Immigration and Settlement (CERIS), and a Member of the Order of Canada.
Career history.
Beiser was born in Regina, Saskatchewan.
He graduated from medical school at the University of British Columbia in 1960, with a specialty in psychiatry. At Duke University, he pursued studies in sociology, then studied psychiatric epidemiology at Cornell. In 1971, he was appointed an associate professor at Harvard.
During his time at Harvard he began research on what would become a lifelong fascination with the mental health of immigrants, starting with the health effects of urbanization in Senegal and the mental health of American Indians on reservations.
Beginning in 1975, Beiser was Professor and Head of Social and Cultural Psychiatry at the University of British Columbia's Department of Psychiatry, a position he held for 16 years.
During the 1980s he continued his research as Principal Investigator for the "Refugee Resettlement Project", a ten-year study of the health and experiences of the "Boat People", immigrants from Southeast Asia to Canada. In 1986, he was appointed chair of a federal government task force on the issue, and in 1988 authored the final report of the committee, "After the Door Has Been Opened."
In 1991, he joined the University of Toronto where he was David Crombie Professor of Cultural Pluralism and Health, and Vice-President for Research, Department of Psychiatry, National Scientific Coordinator, Reducing Health Disparities Initiative, Canadian Institutes of Health Research (2002–2005), and Founding Director of the Ontario Metropolis Centre of Excellence for Research in Immigration and Settlement (1996–2003).
During his tenure at the University of Toronto, Beiser has received over $17 million in research grants from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, the United States National Institutes of Health, and other peer-review sources.
He has authored more than 150 scientific research papers, a book about the Boat People entitled "Strangers at the Gate", and is co-editor of the forthcoming "Immigration, Ethnicity, and Health". He also conceived and produced a radio program on immigration in Canada which was aired from 1999 to 2000 in Ontario and Alberta, as well as a version for Canadian students, "Strangers Becoming Us", to be used in the classroom, seeking to move his research from the realm of scientific research to policy debate. "Strangers Becoming Us" is still in use in all public elementary and high schools in Canada.
Beiser is currently Professor of Distinction at Ryerson University.
Personal life.
He lives in Toronto, Canada, and in Grignan, France, with his husband, author J. Timothy Hunt. He has five sons: David Beiser, director of the International Grants Program, AYUSA Global Youth Exchange; award-winning journalist Vince Beiser; film and television actor Brendan Beiser and twins Daniel and Rowan Beiser. He is the cousin of computer science author Boris Beizer.

</doc>
<doc id="5913505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913505" title="Mike Cardinal">
Mike Cardinal

Melvin Percy Joseph "Mike" Cardinal is a politician from Alberta, Canada and a former member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, having served in that capacity from 1989 until 2008. He sat as a Progressive Conservative and represented the districts of Athabasca-Lac La Biche, Athabasca-Wabasca, and Athabasca-Redwater. He also held five cabinet posts in the government of Ralph Klein.
Early life.
Mike Cardinal was born into a family of 13 in 1941 in northern Alberta, the son of a trapper and a homemaker. He dropped out of school in grade 8 to work, but eventually returned to school and graduated from grade 12. He spent ten years in the forestry and sawmill industries before entering the public sector. He worked as a mortgage officer with the Alberta Housing Corporation before transferring to the Alberta Human Resources Development Authority. There he developed a native housing/relocation program before moving to the department of Advanced Education and Manpower, where he served as regional supervisor of Employment/Counselling Services for ten years. He served a further three years as a regional manager of Employment and Relocation Counselling Services, and three more as a senior consultant to the Assistant Deputy Minister of Advanced Education and Manpower.
Municipal politics.
Cardinal served as a town councillor in Slave Lake and on the school board of the Northland School Division No. 61, where he chaired the board for three of his six years of service.
Provincial politics.
Electoral record.
Cardinal first sought provincial office in the 1989 election, when ran as a Progressive Conservative against incumbent New Democrat Leo Piquette in the riding of Athabasca-Lac La Biche. He defeated Piquette by more than 900 votes. When electoral boundaries were re-drawn in advance of the 1993 election, Cardinal ran in the new riding of Athabasca-Wabasca. He was elected here not only in 1993, but also in 1997 and 2001, taking well over fifty percent of the vote each time. In 2004 this riding too was abolished, and Cardinal served his last term as the member for Athabasca-Redwater, which he won handily in the 2004 election. He did not seek re-election at the conclusion of this term.
Backbencher.
Cardinal served as a backbencher from the time of his election until Ralph Klein became premier in December 1992. During this time, he sponsored the "Metis Settlements Land Protection Act" of 1990, a government bill designed to give Metis settlements ownership over the land. It passed without significant controversy, though Liberal Nicholas Taylor questioned a portion of the bill that stipulated that the land, as it was communally owned, could not be mortgaged.
Minister of Family and Social Services.
Upon Ralph Klein's ascendancy to the Premiership in December 1992, Cardinal was brought into cabinet as the Minister of Family and Social Services. He was the first treaty Indian to be named to Alberta's cabinet, and, in addition to his portfolio, was given cabinet responsibility for aboriginal issues.

</doc>
<doc id="5913513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913513" title="Emilio Sagi Liñán">
Emilio Sagi Liñán

Emilio Sagi Liñán (born Bolívar, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 15 March 1900; died Barcelona, 25 May 1951), was a former footballer who played as a left-winger for FC Barcelona, the Catalan XI and Spain during the 1920s and 1930s. He was the son of Emilio Sagi Barba, the Catalan baritone singer, and as a result, was widely referred to as Saggybaggy. During his playing career he played 455 games and scored 134 goals for FC Barcelona and is best remembered for forming a successful partnership with Paulino Alcántara. Together with Josep Samitier, Ricardo Zamora, Félix Sesúmaga and, later, Franz Platko they were prominent members of the successful FC Barcelona team coached by Jack Greenwell. His younger brother, Luís Sagi Vela, followed in his fathers footsteps and also became a successful baritone singer. His son, Victor Sagi, later ran one of the biggest advertising agencies in Spain and in 1978 announced his candidacy for the presidency of FC Barcelona, but withdrew before the election was held.
Childhood and Youth.
Emilio was born in Argentina, where his father regularly toured and performed, but returned to Catalonia when he was three. He was educated at the Colegio Condal and Colegio Bonanova and his childhood friends included Salvador Dalí and Josep Samitier. During holidays at the Catalan resort of Cadaqués, the trio played football together. He also played football at school and as a junior with FC Catalònia, before joining FC Barcelona in 1915.
FC Barcelona.
In 1917, as a 17 year old, Emilio made his senior debut with FC Barcelona and during the 1918–19 season he helped the team win the Championat de Catalunya. In 1919 he left FC Barcelona to study in Terrassa and after getting married he briefly retired from the game. However in 1922 he rejoined FC Barcelona and embarked on a successful career which saw him win ten "Championats de Catalunya", four Copa del Rey and the inaugural La Liga.
International career.
Between 1922 and 1936 he played at least 15 games and scored at least 5 goals for the Catalan XI. However records from the era do not always include accurate statistics and he may have played and scored more. Together with Paulino Alcántara, Josep Samitier and Ricardo Zamora he helped the Catalan XI win an inter-regional competition, the "Copa Princep de Asturies", three times during the 1920s. He scored in the 1924 final, a 4–4 draw with a Castile XI, before helping the Catalan XI win the replay 3–2 . He also played once for Spain, in a 4–2 win over Hungary in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="5913520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913520" title="Hot Potato (song)">
Hot Potato (song)

"Hot Potato" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson, the third single from her successful 1984 album "Heart Don't Lie". It peaked at #43 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart and at #38 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart. It also enjoyed time on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart. It also peaked at #92 in the United Kingdom. The single was released on 7" and 12" formats with the album track "Think Twice" as the B-side. Some singles also include a dub version.
Performances.
Jackson performed the song on "Solid Gold" broadcast Saturday September 8, 1984. She also performed it on the U.S. TV show "The Fall Guy" broadcast on February 13, 1984, in the episode "Rock-A-Bye Baby".

</doc>
<doc id="5913521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913521" title="You're Not Alone (Olive song)">
You're Not Alone (Olive song)

"You're Not Alone" is a song written by Tim Kellett and Robin Taylor-Firth and performed by Olive on the 1996 album "Extra Virgin". First released as a single in 1996, it found greater success in 1997 in a remixed single version, reaching number one on the UK Singles Chart. The song has been covered by a number of artists, most notably by German trance DJ and producer ATB in 2002.
Music video.
Three entirely different music videos were filmed for "You're Not Alone". The first video features all three band members Ruth-Ann Boyle, Tim Kellett and Robin Taylor-Firth appearing in spectral forms in a hotel room. The second video is the version which is seen the most and is set in a dark night-time setting in France. It features all three band members and includes scenes in a public toilet, and by a road with glowing headlights of cars. A third video (which also includes elements from the second) is a montage of the band members in dark, moody urban settings. This video only features the remaining two band members, Ruth-Ann and Tim.
ATB version.
German trance producer and disc jockey ATB covered the song and released it as a single on 15 April 2002 in Germany.
Part of the radio edit of the song was used for seven seconds in episode four, "Are We Alone?", of the 2001 BBC series "Space". The clip included a computer generated earth and the 'camera' rushing past it into deep space.
The US CD release by Radikal Records had a cover misprint indicating the identical 4 track list as the 12" record release, however the CD contained 5 tracks.
Personnel.
Source:
Mads Langer version.
Danish singer-songwriter Mads Langer released a cover version of the song on 14 December 2009. The song charted in Belgium, Denmark, Italy, and the Netherlands. The cover version was later included on Langer's first international studio album, "Behold" which was released on 9 May 2011.
Personnel.
Source:
Other cover versions.
In 2009 the song was sampled by British rapper Tinchy Stryder on the song "You're Not Alone". It was released as a single from his second studio album, "Catch 22" on 26 October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5913529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913529" title="Bill Hudson (singer)">
Bill Hudson (singer)

William Louis "Bill" Hudson (born 17 October 1949) is an American musician and actor. He is best known for being in the band The Hudson Brothers.
Life and career.
Hudson was born in Portland, Oregon, the eldest of three sons born to Eleanor (née Salerno). His mother was Italian American (his maternal grandfather came from Carlentini, Province of Syracuse, Sicily, Italy) and his father was mostly of English descent. His father left his family when he was six. He was raised Roman Catholic.
As an actor, Hudson appeared in the film "Big Shots" (1987) and three episodes of the television series "Doogie Howser, M.D." from 1989 to 1992.
Hudson dated actresses Jill St. John, Ali MacGraw, and Loretta Swit. He married actress Goldie Hawn in 1976 following her divorce from Gus Trikonis. Together they had two children, both of whom are actors, Kate and Oliver Hudson. After their divorce in 1980, the children were raised by Hawn and her domestic partner, Kurt Russell. 
Hudson married Cindy Williams, of "Laverne & Shirley" fame, in 1982. They had two children, Emily and Zachary Hudson. That marriage also ended in divorce in 2000. He also has a daughter, Lalania Hudson, born in 2006 to a long-term girlfriend.
Hudson released his memoir, "Two Versions: The other side of fame and family", in December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5913548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913548" title="Izumo Airport">
Izumo Airport

This airport is also known as Izumo En-Musubi Airport「出雲縁結び空港」; meaning Izumo Airport of Romantic Fate.

</doc>
<doc id="5913549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913549" title="Breed of Horses Act 1535 &amp; Horses Act 1540">
Breed of Horses Act 1535 &amp; Horses Act 1540

The Breed of Horses Act 1535 and the Horses Act 1540 were pieces of legislation passed by the Parliament of England designed to improve the national stock of horses through equestrian eugenics. They were repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1863.
Breed of Horses Act 1535.
The Breed of Horses Act 1535 ("27 Henry VIII, c. 6") mentions a marked decay in the quality of the breed, the cause it is claimed that ""in most places of this Realme little horsis and naggis of small stature and valeu be suffered to depasture and also to covour marys and felys of very small stature"". The statute thus required each owner of enclosed deer-parks to possess a minimum of two mares whose height was to be above thirteen hands high in order for them to be bred with horses of no shorter than fourteen hands high.
Horses Act 1540.
The Horses Act 1540 ("32 Henry VIII, c.13") ordered that no stallion under 15 hands (60 inches, 152 cm) and no mare under 13 hands (52 inches, 132 cm) was permitted to run out on common land, or to run wild, and no two-year-old colt under 11.2 hands (46 inches, 117 cm) was allowed to run out in any area with mares. Annual round-ups of the commons were enforced, and any stallion under the height limit was ordered to be destroyed, along with "all unlikely tits whether mares or foals."
The requirement for swingeing culls of "under-height" horses was partially repealed by a statute of Queen Elizabeth I in 1566 ("8 Elizabeth I, c.8") on the basis that the poor lands could not support the weight of the horses desired by Henry VIII because of "their rottenness ... they are not able to breed beare and bring forth such great breeds of stoned horses as by the statute of 32 Henry VIII is expressed, without peril of miring and perishing of them", and thus many ponies of Britain's mountain and moorland pony breeds in their native environments escaped the slaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="5913564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913564" title="Area codes 234 and 330">
Area codes 234 and 330

Area codes 234 and 330 are North American telephone area codes for part of northeast Ohio, United States. Area code 330 was established on March 9, 1996. The overlay, area code 234, was established on October 30, 2000, but phone numbers were not assigned to it until 2003. They cover the Akron, Canton, Youngstown, and Warren areas. Ten-digit dialing has been mandatory since October 1, 2000.
Area codes 234 and 330 were originally part of area code 216, one of the original North American Numbering Plan codes. Some of the first 234 numbers were assigned in 2003, when a new FedEx Custom Critical office opened on Boettler Road in Green, Ohio.
Area code 234 was planned to become the area code for the Jacksonville, Florida area, but local businesses and the Federal Communications Commission split the existing area code, 904, into area codes 850 and 386.

</doc>
<doc id="5913569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913569" title="John Corley">
John Corley

John Corley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5913590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913590" title="Area code 440">
Area code 440

The Map to the right is now clickable; click on an area code to go to the map for that code.
Area code 440 is a North American telephone area code for the State of Ohio, serving parts of the Greater Cleveland area, but not the City of Cleveland or most of its inner suburbs. This area code was established August 16, 1997. Area code 440 was formed by a three-way split of Area code 216, one of the original North American Numbering Plan codes. Areas 330 and 440 were added in 1997 to keep up with the increasing number of cellular phones, as well as population factors.
440 covers all of Lake and Geauga Counties. It serves almost all of Ashtabula and Lorain Counties, part of Erie County, and the northeast corner of Huron County as well as the northwest part of Trumbull County. Finally, 440 shares Cuyahoga County with area code 216.

</doc>
<doc id="5913618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913618" title="RMAF">
RMAF

The acronym RMAF may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5913622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913622" title="Desmognathus auriculatus">
Desmognathus auriculatus

The southern dusky salamander ("Desmognathus auriculatus") is a species of salamander native to the coastal regions of the southeastern United States, from Virginia to Texas. Older sources often refer to it as the eared triton. 
Description.
The southern dusky salamander grows from 3 to 6 inches in length. It is typically dark brown to black in color, with a long tail, and rear legs which are noticeably larger than its front legs. Occasionally red of white spotting is between the limbs.
Behavior.
The southern dusky salamander prefers tannic, swampy areas near ponds or on the flood plain of streams and rivers. It is largely nocturnal. Breeding takes place in the fall months, and females lay eggs in moist, sheltered areas of ground debris.

</doc>
<doc id="5913627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913627" title="Network Access Control">
Network Access Control

Network Access Control (NAC) is an approach to computer network security that attempts to unify endpoint security technology (such as antivirus, host intrusion prevention, and vulnerability assessment), user or system authentication and network security enforcement.
Background.
Network Access Control (NAC) is a computer networking solution that uses a set of protocols to define and implement a policy that describes how to secure access to network nodes by devices when they initially attempt to access the network. NAC might integrate the automatic remediation process (fixing non-compliant nodes before allowing access) into the network systems, allowing the network infrastructure such as routers, switches and firewalls to work together with back office servers and end user computing equipment to ensure the information system is operating securely before interoperability is allowed. A basic form of NAC is the 802.1X standard.
Network Access Control aims to do exactly what the name implies—control access to a network with policies, including pre-admission endpoint security policy checks and post-admission controls over where users and devices can go on a network and what they can do.
In plain English.
When a computer connects to a computer network, it is not permitted to access anything unless it complies with a business defined policy; including anti-virus protection level, system update level and configuration. While the computer is being checked by a pre-installed software agent, it can only access resources that can remediate (resolve or update) any issues. Once the policy is met, the computer is able to access network resources and the Internet, within the policies defined within the NAC system. NAC is mainly used for endpoint health checks, but it is often tied to Role based Access. Access to the network will be given according to profile of the person and the results of a posture/health check. For example, in an enterprise, the HR department could access only HR department files if both the role and the endpoint meets anti-virus minimums.
Goals of NAC.
Because NAC represents an emerging category of security products, its definition is both evolving and controversial. The overarching goals of the concept can be distilled to:
Concepts.
Pre-admission and post-admission.
There are two prevailing design philosophies in NAC, based on whether policies are enforced before or after end-stations gain access to the network. In the former case, called pre-admission NAC, end-stations are inspected prior to being allowed on the network. A typical use case of pre-admission NAC would be to prevent clients with out-of-date antivirus signatures from talking to sensitive servers. Alternatively, post-admission NAC makes enforcement decisions based on user actions, after those users have been provided with access to the network use
Agent versus agentless.
The fundamental idea behind NAC is to allow the network to make access control decisions based on intelligence about end-systems, so the manner in which the network is informed about end-systems is a key design decision. A key difference among NAC systems is whether they require agent software to report end-system characteristics, or whether they use scanning and network inventory techniques to discern those characteristics remotely.
As NAC has matured, Microsoft now provides their network access protection (NAP) agent as part of their Windows 7, Vista and XP releases. There are NAP compatible agents for Linux and Mac OS X that provide equal intelligence for these operating systems.
Out-of-band versus inline.
In some out-of-band systems, agents are distributed on end-stations and report information to a central console, which in turn can control switches to enforce policy. In contrast the inline solutions can be single-box solutions which act as internal firewalls for access-layer networks and enforce the policy. Out-of-band solutions have the advantage of reusing existing infrastructure; inline products can be easier to deploy on new networks, and may provide more advanced network enforcement capabilities, because they are directly in control of individual packets on the wire. However, there are products that are agentless, and have both the inherent advantages of easier, less risky out-of-band deployment, but use techniques to provide inline effectiveness for non-compliant devices, where enforcement is required.
Remediation, quarantine and captive portals.
Network operators deploy NAC products with the expectation that some legitimate clients will be denied access to the network (if users never had out-of-date patch levels, NAC would be unnecessary). Because of this, NAC solutions require a mechanism to remediate the end-user problems that deny them access.
Two common strategies for remediation are quarantine networks and captive portals:
Mobile NAC.
Using NAC in a mobile deployment, where workers connect over various wireless networks throughout the workday, involves challenges that are not present in a wired LAN environment. When a user is denied access because of a security concern, productive use of the device is lost, which can impact the ability to complete a job or serve a customer. In addition, automated remediation that takes only seconds on a wired connection may take minutes over a slower wireless data connection, bogging down the device. A mobile NAC solution gives system administrators greater control over whether, when and how to remediate the security concern. A lower-grade concern such as out-of-date antivirus signatures may result in a simple warning to the user, while more serious issues may result in quarantining the device. Policies may be set so that automated remediation, such as pushing out and applying security patches and updates, is withheld until the device is connected over a Wi-Fi or faster connection, or after working hours. This allows administrators to most appropriately balance the need for security against the goal of keeping workers productive.
Controversy.
Spyware.
Some NAC software, such as Impulse SafeConnect, require the installation of a client agent. This agent is used to verify that the user is in compliance with the site network access agreement. This allows for locking down network access to any client running unauthorized software, unmaintained updates, or for any other violation detected.
File sharing.
Some colleges and universities used NAC systems in order to ban legal, as well as illegal, file sharing applications.
Network speed.
Implementing a NAC requires additional resources and expenses. This reduces access times and uses bandwidth.

</doc>
<doc id="5913646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913646" title="Pilot (boat)">
Pilot (boat)

Pilot is a pilot boat and museum ship in San Diego, California. She was launched in 1914 in San Diego, built in the local boatyard of Manuel Goularte. She is a 52-foot wooden diesel powered vessel. She was the first powered pilot boat in San Diego. She served as the official pilot boat of San Diego Bay for 82 years, with no more than three consecutive days of downtime. During World War II, she was used by the Coast Guard as a pilot boat and patrol boat, and decorated with six six-month service chevrons. 
She was donated to the Maritime Museum of San Diego in 1996 and underwent restoration. "Pilot" now hosts educational tours of San Diego Bay, and sometimes accompanies other historic vessels (most notably, "Star of India") into and out of the Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="5913649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913649" title="Post-dated cheque">
Post-dated cheque

In banking, post-dated cheque is a cheque written by the drawer (payor) for a date in the future.
Whether a post-dated cheque may be cashed or deposited before the date written on it depends on the country. A Canadian bank, for example, is not supposed to process a posdated cheque and if it does so by mistake, the cheque writer may ask his or her bank to correct the error. In the United States, however, check writers should not expect the post-dating of a check to be honored.
In the United States, postdated items are described in Article 3, Section 113 of the Uniform Commercial Code. Postdated checks are often used in conjunction with payday loans.
Practices in various countries.
Brazil.
In Brazil, the drawer may seek damages in Justice if their cheque is cashed in before its due date, according to the jurisprudential orientation of the Superior Court of Justice, as per Summary No. 370 of such court.
Canada.
Under the clearing rules of the Canadian Payments Association, a post-dated cheque cannot be cashed prior to the date written on it. If a Canadian financial institution inadvertently accepts and processes a cheque before the due date, the cheque writer may ask his or her financial institution to return the amount until the day before the cheque should have been cashed.
India.
Postdated cheques are illegal in India under section 68 of the Indian Stamp Act.
UK.
In the UK the legislation is clear; 'A cheque is a bill of exchange drawn on a banker payable on demand'. Under the Bills of Exchange and Banking Act 1882, part 10, bills of exchange are payable on demand and in part 13, 'A bill is not invalid by reason only that it is ante-dated or post-dated.' In the United Kingdom, postdating a cheque carries no legal weight and so such a cheque can be cashed before the due date. However, a bank may refuse to honour a cheque if the postdate is noticed; othwerwise, the payer has no right to take any form of legal action against the bank for letting the cheque be processed.
It is common for the terms and conditions of chequing accounts to state that postdated cheques should not be written and will be dishonoured if detected. In some instances a postdated cheque may be retained by the bank and paid on the due date if that date is only a few days away. Some UK organisations do not accept post-dated cheques as well as some Government Departments, while paying income tax or voluntary National Insurance may only be done with post-dated cheques with permission from HM Revenue and Customs Department.
United States.
In the United States, national banks are permitted to pay checks even though payment occurs prior to the date of the check. According to the Comptroller of the Currency: "A check is a negotiable instrument—the payee, the person to whom the check is written, may negotiate it through the banking system at any time" and check writers seeking redress must restrict themselves to pursuing the payee.
Nonetheless, if "the customer has given notice to the bank of the postdating describing the check with reasonable certainty" the Uniform Commercial Code requires that the notice to be honored. In practice, whether the check writer has any redress against the financial institution where the payee deposited the check may depend on whether it can be shown that the check was accepted over the counter without examination.

</doc>
<doc id="5913656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913656" title="Maria Clara Lobregat">
Maria Clara Lobregat

María Clara Rafols Lorenzo Lobregat (April 26, 1921 – January 2, 2004) was a Latina Zamboangueña - Filipina politician from Zamboanga City, where she served as its first woman mayor and also a representative to the Philippine Congress.
Early life.
Lobregat or "" was born April 26, 1921 in Zamboanga City, the second of five children of Don Pablo Lorenzo, who was a mayor of Zamboanga City from 1939 until 1940, a representative to the first Philippine Assembly, and a delegate to the Philippine Constitutional Convention, and Luisa Rafols of Cebu City. Lobregat grew up in the cities of Zamboanga, Cebu, and Manila. She spoke Zamboangueño Chavacano, Cebuano, English, Tagalog, and Spanish.
Political life.
Lobregat was present in Malacañan Palace on October 12, 1936 when President Manuel L. Quezon created and established the chartered city of Zamboanga through the Philippine Commonwealth.
Personal life.
Her son, Celso L. Lobregat, became representative to the former lone district of Zamboanga City in 1998 and later the Mayor of Zamboanga City in 2004 until the present.
Career.
Before 1971, Lobregat, mother of six, was president of the Philippine Coconut Producers Federation (COCOFED).
Throughout her political career, Lobregat lost in only one election – in 1984 for the lone seat at the Batasang Pambansa. Allied with the Marcoses, she lost to Mayor Cesar Climaco who did not assume his post as assemblyman.
With Marcos gone and the then opposition-turned-administration splitting into factions, Lobregat easily won as representative of the Lone District of Zamboanga City in the 1987 legislative elections and was reelected in 1992 and 1995. She ran and won the mayoralty in 1998, was reelected in 2001 and was set to file her certificate of candidacy for a third term on January 5 this year. Her son Celso, is had occupied the congressional seat she held from 1987 to 1998. 
Her nephew, Luis Lorenzo, Jr., is Agriculture Secretary.
Lobregat’s net worth as of end of 2002, was P27.8 million, making her the richest Mindanao city mayor.
In her Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Net Worth (SALN) as of end of 2002, Lobregat listed 18 companies where she has "shareholdings" and listed as number 19, "other enterprises (resort and others)" where she also has "shareholdings."
Lobregat's business interests included banking, real estate, flower growing, mining, resort and resort development, recreation, petroleum, etc.
Lobregat, always seen in public wearing kimona and patadyong, was among three female representatives who figured prominently in the protest actions against the creation of the Southern Philippines Council for Peace and Development (SPCPD) in 1996. She, along with then South Cotabato representatives Luwalhati Antonino and Daisy Fuentes, were referred to by the media as “Tres Marias.”
Lobregat was a harsh critic of Moro National Liberation Front chair Nur Misuari, insisted that the controversial coconut levy funds were private funds; campaigned against the inclusion of her city in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao in the 1989 and 2001 plebiscite; ordered the Filipino deportees from Sabah in 2002 to be “screened” before entering her city, opposed the transfer of the regional seat from Zamboanga City to Pagadian City and was an avid supporter of the joint US-RP military exercise, Balikatan.
Lobregat was educated at the Pilar College in Zamboanga City, Maryknoll and St. Scholastica in Manila and is the recipient of an "honoris causa" -- Doctor of Humanities from the Ateneo de Davao University in 1979, Doctor in Business Administration from the Aquinas University in 1980, and Doctor in Educational Administration, Western Mindanao State University.
Death.
She died of cardiac arrest at 11:30 p.m. January 2, 2004 at the Makati Medical Center. Her remains were brought in the Zamboanga Metropolitan Cathedral. Her remains were finally rested at the Manila Memorial Park. She was succeeded by Vice-Mayor Erico Basilio A. Fabian as Zamboanga City Mayor. Her son, Celso L. Lobregat was elected City Mayor in the 2004 local elections.

</doc>
<doc id="5913664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913664" title="Joseph Buckner Killebrew">
Joseph Buckner Killebrew

Joseph Buckner Killebrew (1831–1906) was an American planter and geologist.
Biography.
Early life.
Joseph Buckner Killebrew was born in 1831 in Montgomery County, Tennessee. When he was four years old, his mother died, and he was raised by a succession of relatives. He attended college and was deeply interested in education, agriculture, and geology. In 1851, he entered Franklin College in middle Tennessee, but soon exhausted his funds. He accepted a position teaching mathematics at the Clarksville school of John D. Tyler. In 1853, a family friend offered to finance his college education at the institution of his choice. He chose the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he graduated second in his class in June 1857.
Career.
As a young man, he took charge of the family farm. He was opposed to the secession attitudes of his fellow southerners, and he searched for ways to improve the situation of his slaves as well as his farm. During the American Civil War of 1861-1865, he knew that if slaves were able to survive emancipation, they must be trained in business. He started by paying his slaves wages for their labor, and he began to teach his slaves the skills necessary to function as free men: reading, writing, and math.
He was a progressive in the South during Reconstruction, realizing that his fellow Tennesseans needed to possess greater agriculture knowledge and skills if the South was to ever truly rebuild. He realized that a new South could only truly arise from the foundation of an education system that sought to offer equal education to all of its citizens. He authored the education reform bill in Tennessee. This innovative law dared to make education available to rich and poor alike.
Death.
He died in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="5913665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913665" title="Antedated cheque">
Antedated cheque

In banking, antedated refers to cheques which have been written by the maker, and dated at some point in the past. In the United States antedated cheques are described in the Uniform Commercial Code's Article 3, Section 113.

</doc>
<doc id="5913672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913672" title="The Dusty Foot Philosopher">
The Dusty Foot Philosopher

The Dusty Foot Philosopher is the first studio album by Somali-Canadian rapper K'naan after releasing a mixtape, published by BMG Music on June 7, 2005 in Canada and June 23, 2005 in the United States.
Awards.
The album won the Juno Award for Rap Recording of the Year in 2006, and was shortlisted for the 2006 Polaris Music Prize. He also was nominated for an mtvU award for most downloads of his song, "Soobax". The album was also included in The Guardian's November 2007 list of 1000 Albums to Hear Before You Die.
Soundtracks.
"In the Beginning" is part of the soundtrack of the 2008 comedy "Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay". This song also gives the title for episode 7 of the fifth season of True Blood, appearing in the closing credits of said episode. "Soobax" was also featured on the soundtrack for the video game "FIFA 06".

</doc>
<doc id="5913685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913685" title="2005 FIFA Club World Championship">
2005 FIFA Club World Championship

The 2005 FIFA Club World Championship Toyota Cup was the second edition of FIFA Club World Championship, and the first held after by the merger between the Intercontinental Cup and the FIFA Club World Championship (which had been played in a pilot edition in 2000 but later discontinued).
The football tournament was held in Japan from 11 December to 18 December 2005 and won by Brazilian club São Paulo.
Background.
The 2005 tournament was created as a merger between the Intercontinental Cup and the earlier FIFA Club World Championships. The previous of these had been running as an annual tournament between the champions of Europe and South America since 1960; the latter had undergone just one tournament, the 2000 FIFA Club World Championship. The 2001 tournament had been cancelled when FIFA's marketing partner ISL went bankrupt. To celebrate the marriage between the two competitions, a new trophy was introduced by FIFA.
As a result of this merger, the tournament was conceived as being smaller than the original Club World Championship, which had lasted two weeks, yet building on the one game format of the Intercontinental Cup. Six clubs were invited to take part in the tournament, one representing each regional football confederation. The competition's name, which was the simple union between the name of the two previous merging competitions, was evidently too long, and was going to be reduced the following year, becoming the FIFA Club World Cup.
Format.
The competition was a knockout tournament so each team played two or three matches. The champions of the four "weaker" confederations played in the quarter-finals; the losers played in a fifth place play-off. The winners were then joined by the European and South American champions in the semi-finals; the losers played in a third place play-off.
The matches were held in Tokyo's National (Olympic) Stadium, Toyota Stadium in Toyota, Aichi near Nagoya and the International Stadium in Yokohama, where the final was played. For marketing purposes it was known as the "FIFA Club World Championship Toyota Cup".
Qualified teams.
The following teams qualified during 2005:
Venues.
Tokyo, Yokohama and Toyota were the three cities to serve as venues for the 2005 FIFA Club World Cup.
Squads.
For a list of all squads which appeared at the tournament, see 2005 FIFA Club World Championship squads.
Tournament round-up.
Views on the tournament.
The tournament was quite well received, although some commentators have stated that, excluding São Paulo and Liverpool, the quality of football was quite poor leading to a view that it might have been better retaining the two continent format of the European/South American Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5913686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913686" title="Stupid Boy (disambiguation)">
Stupid Boy (disambiguation)

"Stupid Boy" is a song by Sarah Buxton from "Almost My Record" and her self-titled album, "Sarah Buxton".
Stupid Boy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5913689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913689" title="North Carolina Highway 58">
North Carolina Highway 58

NC 58 is a North Carolina state highway that traverses the state's Coastal Plain. The route links many of the Crystal Coast communities along its eastern segment. Its western terminus is near Warrenton, North Carolina at US 401 and Business US 158; its eastern terminus is at Fort Macon State Park. Conicidentially, the route intersects both routes related to U.S. Route 58, but the routes are not related.
Route description.
Highway 58 designations through Carteret County:
Fort Macon Road- From its terminus at Fort Macon State Park to the Atlantic Beach/Pine Knoll Shores town line.
Salter Path Road- From Pine Knoll Shores through Salter Path and Indian Beach to the Emerald Isle town line.
Emerald Drive- From the EI town line to JCT NC 24 at Bayshore Park/Cape Carteret.
North of Route 24, its only written designation is NC 58.
Major Junctions in Carteret County:
Atlantic Beach Causeway (Atlantic Beach)- provides access to the Atlantic Beach Boardwalk and the Causeway Bridge to US Route 70 near Morehead City.
Pine Knoll Boulevard (Pine Knoll Shores)- provides access to the NC State Aquarium in Pine Knoll Shores.
Bogue Inlet Drive (Emerald Isle)- Provides access to Bogue Inlet Pier in Emerald Isle, as well as indirect access to the soundfront marina.
Coast Guard Road (Emerald Isle)- Provides access to the US Coast Guard Station and "The Point" also known as Bogue Inlet, where Bogue Sound meets the Atlantic Ocean in the west.
NC Hwy 24 (Cape Carteret)-
W. B. McLean Drive (east of 58), Cedar Point Blvd (west of 58);
A major thru-route linking Morehead City with Jacksonville and running westward to Charlotte
Stella Road (near Stella)- Provides Access to the towns of Stella and Silverdale, as well as Belgrade-Swansboro Road, a major route paralleling 58 on the other side of the White Oak River.
Major Junctions in Jones County:
US Hwy 17 (confluence from Maysville to Pollocksville)- The major north–south road along the Virginian and Carolinian beach areas, locally linking New Bern with Jacksonville.
NC Hwy 41 (short confluence in Trenton)- Connects US 70 at Cove City circuitously with SC 9 east of Dillon, SC.
Major Junctions in Lenoir County:
US Hwy 70 (short confluence in Kinston)- Major east–west through route in this part of the state, linking Raleigh and west with the "Down East" part of Carteret County. It is also one of the transcontinental highways; running west to Globe, Arizona and originally to Hollywood, California.
US Hwy 258 (short confluence in Kinston)- Important north–south highway utilized by many beach vacationers from the northeastern US, running from Virginia to Jacksonville
NC Hwy 55 (Kinston)- Locally connects Dunn with New Bern
NC Hwy 11 (Kinston)- Another important vacationers route, running from Virginia to near Wilmington
Major Junctions in Greene County:
NC Hwy 123 - Local road running through Hookerton from 58 to US 258 North
US Hwy 258 (Snow Hill)- (again)
US Hwy 13 (Snow Hill)- another important beach route running from Philadelphia, PA to Fayetteville
NC 903 (Snow Hill)- Very circuitous route running throughout the eastern third of NC
Major Junctions in Wilson County:
NC Hwy 111/NC Hwy 222 (Stantonsburg)- Two similarly-routed highways of the interior of the coastal plain of NC
US Hwy 264 BYPASS (Evansdale)- Newly extended freeway running from Raleigh to the Outer Banks
US Hwy 264 ALTERNATE (Wilson)- Old routing of US 264
US Hwy 301 (Wilson)- Well-known parallel of Interstate 95 throughout the Mid-Atlantic
NC Hwy 42 (Wilson)- Runs from near Ahoskie all the way to near Asheboro
Major Junctions in Nash County:
NC Hwy 97 (near RM/W Airport)- local road stemming eastward from Raleigh
Interstate 95 (indirectly via West Mount Drive in Sandy Cross)- The "East Coast's Main Street"
US Hwy 64 (Nashville)- Cross-Country Route running from Arizona to OBX
NC Hwy 56 (Castalia)- Local route running from here to north of Durham
Major Junctions in Franklin County
NC Hwy 561 (Centerville)- A mostly desolate route stretching from nearby Louisburg east to the Chowan River
Major Junctions in Warren County
NC Hwy 43 (Liberia)- An important route running from here to New Bern
(END 58) US Hwy 401 & US Hwy 158 BUSINESS (Warrenton)- US 401 runs south from here to Sumter, SC, while BUS 158 connects to US 158, which runs from the Outer Banks to Mocksville, west of Winston-Salem
Major intersections.
!County
!Location
!Mile
!Destinations
!Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5913703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913703" title="Time Heals">
Time Heals

Time Heals may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5913712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913712" title="Spartak (sports society)">
Spartak (sports society)

Spartak (; English:Spartacus) is an international fitness and sports society that unites some countries of the former Soviet Union. 
It was founded in 1921 in Moscow as the "Moscow Sports Circle" (MSK) by footballer Nikolai Starostin and others. In 1926 it came under the sponsorship of the food worker's union ("Pischevik"). In 1934, it adopted the name of Spartak, after the ancient Roman slave, rebel and athlete Spartacus and became the sports society for all unions. It was dissolved in 1987 and reformed in 1991 as an international society among six nations of the former Soviet Union.
Overview.
Spartak was the first and the largest All-Union Voluntary Sports Society of workers of state trade, producers' cooperation, light industry, civil aviation, education, culture, health service etc. Originated in 1925-26 as several physical culture groups by small producers' artels as an all-union physical culture and sports society it was established on April 19, 1935 on the resolution of the Soviet government when its statute was approved by the All-Union Council of Physical Culture.
In 1936 Spartak organized and successfully conducted a sports parade at the Moscow's Red Square. In 1960 the society was reorganized into the Voluntary Sport Society. There were 23,000 physical culture collectives in the society in 1975 (including 100 sport clubs), that united 6.2 million people. There were 40 sports disciplines cultivated in the society in 1975. The society possessed 238 stadiums, 89 swimming pools, 1,800 sports halls, 1,300 football grounds, 2,600 sports camps, 264 Children and Youth Sport Schools (75,000 students). 
In 1987 Spartak was abolished and all its assets were transferred back to trade unions. In 1991 the society was reorganized as an international. Currently the society has affiliation in six countries of the former Soviet Union: Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Azerbaijan. Each society's affiliation is subordinated to their respective country's government, Olympic and trade unions committees, while participating in collective events organized by the Spartak Central Council.
Presidents.
VSS Spartak was awarded Order of Lenin (1937).
Countries-Members.
Since the revival in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="5913716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913716" title="Galata (Cyprus)">
Galata (Cyprus)

Galata is a village in the Solea valley of the Troödos Mountains in Cyprus. It is located about 60 km west of the capital Nicosia at an altitude of 620m.
According to Greek mythology, Cyprus was the first land that Aphrodite set foot on; where Pygmalion begged her to let him be with the statue that he created in her image. Aphrodite brought the statue to life and Pygmalion married Galata.
It is a popular summer tourist destination (especially amongst locals) for its cooler climate in the summer months. It is also well known on the island for its fruit produce. 

</doc>
<doc id="5913721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913721" title="The City Rises (Boccioni)">
The City Rises (Boccioni)

The City Rises (La città che sale) (1910) is an important painting by the Italian painter Umberto Boccioni.
In 1912 the picture was bought by the musician Ferruccio Busoni during the travelling futurist art exposition in Europe. It has been exhibited in the Museum of Modern Art in New York as part of their permanent collection though currently (January 2013) it is not listed as one of their exhibited paintings.
The original title of the painting was "Il lavoro" ("Work"), as it appeared at the "Mostra d'arte libera" (Exhibition of free art) in Milan in 1911. Though realistic elements are present, such as the building, and the space is still rendered through perspective, this painting is considered the first really futurist work by Umberto Boccioni, even though it is not markedly different from his previous works, all centered on suburbs. In this painting the naturalistic vision of the previous works is partly abandoned, replaced by a more dynamic vision.
Buildings in construction in a suburb can be seen with chimneys in the upper part, but the most of the space is occupied by men and horses, melted together in a dynamic effort. Boccioni thus emphasizes some among the most typical elements of futurism, the exaltation of human work and the importance of the modern town, built around modern necessities.
The painting portrays the construction of a new city, with developments and technology. Suburbs, and the urban environment in general, formed the basis of many of Boccioni's paintings, from the capture of the staccato sounds of construction in "Street-pavers" to the riot of sound and colour offered to the observer of street scenes, as typified by "The Street Enters the House".

</doc>
<doc id="5913722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913722" title="Anti-Burgher">
Anti-Burgher

The Anti-Burghers were opponents of the Burgher Oath on theological grounds.
In 1733 the First Secession from the Church of Scotland resulted in the creation of the "Associate Presbytery". This church split in 1747 over the issue of the Burgher Oath, which required holders of public offices to affirm approval of the religion "presently professed in this kingdom". The issue was civil compulsion in religious affairs, a forerunner of later arguments over the separation of church and state. Opponents of the Burgher Oath on theological grounds became known as the Anti-Burghers — showing a distinctive independence of conviction and an unwillingness to compromise over sincerely held beliefs. The Burgher and Anti-Burgher factions thus formed rival, independent synods.
Eventually both the Burghers and Anti-Burghers had further splits, the Burghers in 1798 and the Anti-Burghers in 1806. Both factions formed their own, separate "Auld Licht" "(old light)" and "New Licht" factions. The more Calvinistic "Auld Lichts" held to the obligations of the Solemn League and Covenant, the "New Lichts" were more theologically liberal — a notable and continuing influence in the post-1847 United Presbyterian Church of Scotland.
In 1820, the New Licht Anti-Burghers and the New Licht Burghers united as the United Secession Church, which in turn united with the Relief Church in 1847 to create the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland, which united with most of the Free Church of Scotland in 1900 to create the United Free Church of Scotland, most of whom ultimately reunited with the Church of Scotland in 1929.
The Anti-Burgher Auld Lichts became part of the United Original Secession Church in 1822, which split in 1852, one party joining in the Free Church of Scotland, the others finally reuniting with the Church of Scotland in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="5913739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913739" title="Oskar Böhme">
Oskar Böhme

Oskar Böhme (February 24, 1870 – 1938) was a German composer and trumpeter.
Life.
Oskar Böhme, a son of Wilhelm Böhme, also a trumpeter, was born in Potschappel, a small town near Dresden, Germany, which is now part of Freital. For much of his early career, after studying trumpet and composition in the Leipzig Conservatory of Music until graduating in 1885, it is unknown what Böhme's musical activities were, though it is probable he concertized, playing in smaller orchestras around Germany. 
From 1894-1896 he played in the Budapest Opera Orchestra and then moved to St. Petersburg, Russia, in 1897. Böhme played cornet for 24 years in the Mariinsky Theatre, turned to teaching at a music school on Vasilievsky Island in St. Petersburg for nine further years, from 1921-1930, and then returned to opera with the Leningrad Drama Theatre until 1934. 
In 1934, however, the Great Terror began under Joseph Stalin and in 1936 a committee was established to oversee the arts in Soviet Russia. According to its anti-foreign policies, Böhme was exiled to Orenburg on account of his German heritage. It is said that he died there in 1938, though he was also said to be seen working on the Turkmenistan Canal in 1941.
Music.
Böhme composed 46 known works, of which his "Trompetensextett" in E-flat minor for brass sextet and "Trumpet Concerto" (Op. 18) are the best known. He wrote in the Romantic style, primarily works for trumpet and brass instruments in general. While, as a consequence of his exile, his works were neglected during the Stalinist era, Böhme is increasingly being rediscovered.

</doc>
<doc id="5913741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913741" title="Methylmalonyl-CoA mutase">
Methylmalonyl-CoA mutase

Methylmalonyl Coenzyme A mutase, also known as MCM is an enzyme that catalyzes the isomerization of methylmalonyl-CoA to succinyl-CoA and it is involved in key metabolic pathways. It requires a vitamin B-derived prosthetic group, adenosylcobalamin, to function.
Function.
The substrate of methylmalonyl-CoA mutase, methylmalonyl-CoA, is primarily derived from propionyl-CoA, a substance formed from the catabolism and digestion of isoleucine, valine, threonine, methionine, thymine, cholesterol, or odd-chain fatty acids.
The product of the enzyme, succinyl-CoA, is a key molecule of the TCA cycle.
MCM resides in the mitochondria, where a number of substances, including the branched-chain amino acids isoleucine and valine, as well as methionine, threonine, thymine and odd-chain fatty acids, are metabolized via methylmalonate semialdehyde (MMlSA) or propionyl-CoA (Pr-CoA) to a common compound - methylmalonyl-CoA (MMl-CoA).
Human Genetics.
The gene encoding for this enzyme in humans is known as MUT.
Pathology.
A deficiency of this enzyme is responsible for an inherited disorder of metabolism, Methylmalonyl-CoA mutase deficiency, which is one of the causes of methylmalonic acidemia.
Mechanism.
MUT reaction mechanism begins with homolytic cleavage of AdoB12's C-Co(III) bond, the C and Co atoms each acquire one of the electrons that formed the cleaved electron pair bond. The Co ion, therefore, fluctuates between its Co(III) and Co(II) oxidation states two states are spectroscopically distinguishable: Co(III) is red and diamagnetic (no unpaired electrons), whereas Co(II) is yellow and paramagnetic (unpaired electrons). Hence, the role of coenzyme B-12 in the catalytic process is that of a reversible free radical generator. The C-Co(III) bond is well suited to this function because it is inherently weak (dissociation energy = 109 kJ/mol) and appears to be further weakened through steric interactions with the enzyme. A homolytic cleavage reaction is unusual in biology; most other biological bond cleavage reactions occur via heterolytic cleavage (in which the electron pair forming the cleaved bond is fully acquired by one of the separating atoms).

</doc>
<doc id="5913749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913749" title="How I Live Now">
How I Live Now

How I Live Now is a novel by Meg Rosoff, first published in 2004. It received generally positive reviews and won the British Guardian Children's Fiction Prize and the American Printz Award for young-adult literature.
Plot summary.
Fifteen-year-old Manhattanite Elizabeth (who goes by the name of Daisy) is sent to stay with cousins on a remote farm in the United Kingdom during the outbreak of a fictional third world war of the 21st century. Though enthusiastic about moving away from an evil stepmother who is with child, Daisy is homesick at first. This only lasts for a short while before she and her extended family become close, and Daisy begins to embrace her new home. Daisy soon finds herself falling in love with cousin Edmond and, after realizing that the affection is mutual, begins a relationship with him.
Meanwhile, the family receives news that Daisy's aunt Penn is stranded in Oslo. During this period of time, terrorists attack from an unknown enemy who later occupies Britain. The war becomes increasingly difficult for Daisy and her family as it affects their lives to a greater extent, eventually leading to food shortages and lack of other resources. One day, the farm is taken over by soldiers who separate the boys from the girls by sending them away to live at separate homes, and then separate farms. Daisy and Piper are forced to put survival as their top priority and cannot look for the male members of their family. After the war ends, Daisy must deal with putting the pieces of her life back together and overcoming the terrible experience of war as she reunites with the forever changed members of her family, including a physically and emotionally scarred Edmond.
Radio adaptation.
In 2007 the novel was adapted for radio by Elizabeth Burke. It was directed by Kate McAll and the music was composed by John Hardy. There were five parts of fifteen minutes each, which aired daily from 12 to 15 November as the "Woman's Hour Drama" on BBC Radio 4.
Cast:
Film adaptation.
The novel was adapted into a film directed by Kevin Macdonald that was released in 2013 and starred Irish-American actress Saoirse Ronan playing the role of Daisy, with George MacKay as Edmond (now written as the oldest cousin), Tom Holland as Isaac (now the younger cousin) and Harley Bird as Piper.

</doc>
<doc id="5913754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913754" title="Trent Acid">
Trent Acid

Michael Verdi (November 12, 1980 – June 18, 2010) was an American professional wrestler best known by his ring name Trent Acid. Verdi had worked as a tag team wrestler for most of his career, primarily as part of The Backseat Boyz with Johnny Kashmere, in several independent promotions in America, including Combat Zone Wrestling, Pro Wrestling Unplugged, and Ring of Honor. Acid also worked a singles career with several promotions, including Juggalo Championship Wrestling.
Professional wrestling career.
Combat Zone Wrestling (1999-2002; 2008-2009).
Acid debuted in Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) in 1999 and competed mostly in singles matches. At the first "Cage of Death", he teamed with White Lotus to face the Kashmerinoes (Johnny Kashmere and Robbie Mireno). Acid wrestled many matches against Kashmere before teaming up with him to form The Backseat Boyz. The Backseat Boyz won the CZW Tag Team Championship. While part of this team, Acid still wrestled in the singles division and won the CZW World Junior Heavyweight Championship three times, competing against the likes of Ruckus and Justice Pain for the title. He also became the second Best of the Best winner by defeating Jody Fleisch in the final match at "Best of the Best 2". In September 2003, Acid won the vacant CZW Iron Man Championship by defeating Nick Gage and Jimmy Rave in a three way match.
Around this time, Acid, along with Johnny Kashmere, joined the Hi-V stable and feuded with Zandig and his ultraviolent team. This feud came to an end at "Cage of Death V" in the Cage of Death match. However, before competing in the Cage of Death match, Acid first had to defend his Iron Man Championship against Jimmy Rave. The match went to a time limit draw with each man scoring one fall, but the match was ordered to restart and Rave won the title. Acid went on to the Cage of Death but was eliminated and his team eventually lost. The Hi-V broke up after this and The Backseat Boyz soon left CZW. Acid returned to CZW later in 2004 and feuded with Teddy Hart and Messiah. He left again shortly after.
On June 14, 2008, Acid made his return to CZW when he faced World Champion Nick Gage in a non-title match. At 'An Eye for an Eye' on April 11, 2009, Acid made his full-time return to CZW. It was the main event of the evening as Sami Callihan and Jon Moxley took on Brain Damage and Drake Younger.
Ring of Honor (2002-2004).
Acid joined Ring of Honor (ROH) in 2002, when he and Johnny Kashmere defeated Homicide and Steve Corino in an interpromotional match between ROH and CZW at the first "Glory By Honor". The Backseat Boyz would go on to work for ROH permanently. They continued wrestling together and competed in many scramble matches against the likes of The SAT, The Carnage Crew and Special K. However, Acid is perhaps best known from ROH for his feud with Homicide which ended in a Fight Without Honor match on May 28, 2003, at" Wrestlerave 03" which Acid would win. After this feud, The Backseat Boyz won the ROH Tag Team Championship by defeating Special K in the final round of a gauntlet match for the vacant title. This made The Backseat Boyz the first team to win both the CZW and ROH Tag Team Championships. Acid and Kashmere lost the title to Special K at the next show. Later, Kashmere left ROH and Acid would continue as a singles wrestler. At ROH's "Reborn: Completion", Acid fought with Jimmy Rave but he lost after Rave hit the Rave Clash on him. At "Testing The Limit", he challenged Samoa Joe for the ROH World Championship, but did not win. He was also part of the "Scramble Cage Melee" main event in the scramble cage. Acid had his last ROH match at "Final Battle 2004" against Jimmy Jacobs. After losing this match, he quit ROH.
Pro Wrestling Unplugged (2004-2005).
Acid joined Pro Wrestling Unplugged at its inception in 2004, eventually feuding with Homicide, 2 Cold Scorpio, and Devon Moore over the PWU World Heavyweight Title. In 2005, Trent feuded with his old friend and new rival, Hellter Skelter. The feud lasted a few months, starting with Hellter claiming that Trent turned his back on their friendship and made him the evil person he is today. After months of feuding, Acid defeated Skelter in a "Philadelphia Street Fight" match on August 20, 2005. The feud continued in 2007, with Hellter wanting a rematch, and recording disturbing promos on PWU "Surge TV", calling out Acid and claiming he would "carve [Acid's] flesh". Finally on November 23, 2007, Acid accepted the rematch and lost to Skelter, who had outside help from Sunny.
Acid made his return to PWU, following knee surgery, on March 16, 2008, at the event "Haunted", wrestling Television Champion ZBarr to a time-limit draw. Since the departure of Tod Gordon, and subsequent handoff of sole ownership to tag-team partner Johnny Kashmere, Acid has been named co-owner of the company.
Juggalo Championship Wrestling (2007-2009).
Acid debuted in Juggalo Championship Wrestling (JCW) in 2007 under the gimmick of an arrogant priest. Acid, the self-proclaimed "Savior of JCW", cut a promo against the Juggalo fanbase, the company, and Insane Clown Posse (real-life owners of JCW) in the first episode of SlamTV!. He continued to badmouth the company in the following weeks while having confrontations with several heroes. On the fourth episode, Acid won a 10 Man Battle Royal to become the number one contender for Corporal Robinson's JCW Heavyweight Championship. In their first match, Acid temporarily blinded Robinson with holy water, causing the referee to end the match. Two weeks later at "West Side Wars", Acid pinned Robinson after using Robinson's championship belt as a weapon, becoming the new JCW Heavyweight Champion. Corporal Robinson received his rematch at "East Side Wars" in a Steel Cage match and regained the championship. At Bloodymania, Acid and The Young Alter Boys lost a Six Man Tag Team match against the team of Insane Clown Posse and Sabu.
Acid returned to JCW at Bloodymania III, where he teamed with the Alter Boys (Tim, Tom, Terry, and Todd). The group lost to the Juggalo World Order (Corporal Robinson, Scott Hall, Shaggy 2 Dope, Violent J, and Sid Vicious) in the main event.
Pro Wrestling Syndicate (2009).
Acid also worked for the new promotion Pro Wrestling Syndicate where he had matches with Alex Shelley, Human Tornado, Danny Doring, Justin Credible and Sabu. On May 29, 2009, Acid won a four-way match to win the PWS Heavyweight Championship.
Personal life.
On April 2, 2010, Verdi was arrested for possession of heroin. This charge combined with other previous charges, which included possession of drug paraphernalia and public intoxication. On May 12 he was sentenced to a maximum of 23 months of confinement, in addition to court mandated rehab, after reaching a plea deal. He had another trial set for July 13.
Death.
On June 18, 2010, at approximately 9:00 AM, Verdi was found dead at his home by his mother. It was later determined that Verdi had died because of a drug overdose. At an ROH show in Buffalo, New York that night, ROH held a ten-bell salute to honor Verdi. At CZW Tournament of Death show on June 26 in Townsend, Delaware, CZW honored him with a ten bell salute before the show. On June 28, it was announced that a tribute show, "" would be taking place at The Arena in Philadelphia on July 10. The show featured several of Verdi's friends within professional wrestling along with some of his students from PWU, which raised over $7,000 for the Trent Acid Memorial Fund, helping his family with his funeral costs. During the event Verdi wited into the Hardcore Hall of Fame.Verdi was featured in the documentary "Card Subject To Change" which documented the independent wrestling scene, primarily on the East coast. Verdi talked candidly about his addiction and waking up three days after his overdose. He died before filming was complete and the film was dedicated to his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="5913757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913757" title="Western slimy salamander">
Western slimy salamander

The western slimy salamander (Plethodon albagula) is a species of salamander found in two distinct populations in the United States, one from Missouri to Oklahoma, and Arkansas, and another in south-central Texas. It is sometimes referred to as the whitethroat slimy salamander, because it was once considered to be a subspecies of the northern slimy salamander, "Plethodon glutinosus".
Description.
The western slimy salamander is typically black in color with white speckling. On some specimens, the white speckling turns into large, white blotches along the sides of their bodies. They have large, bulbous eyes and long tails. 
Behavior.
Primarily nocturnal, it is commonly found under rocks, or other ground debris in moist, wooded areas. Eggs are laid in damp protected locations. The species has no aquatic larval stage.
Usually scared by humans, after 30 minutes they start to move.

</doc>
<doc id="5913765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913765" title="Lion of Oz">
Lion of Oz

Lion of Oz is an animated film set before the children's novel "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz". It tells the story of how the Cowardly Lion, formerly part of the Omaha Circus, came to be in Oz, how he stopped the Wicked Witch of the East from getting the Flower of Oz. It is based upon the book "Lion of Oz and the Badge of Courage" by Roger S. Baum (great-grandson of L. Frank Baum, the original author of the Oz books).
Plot.
The Lion simply called "Lion" is a circus lion, displayed in a cage where everyone's afraid of him. His only friend is Oscar Diggs, the Circus Balloonist, who lets Lion out of his cage and takes him up on his balloon. While they're up there, Oscar gives Lion a Badge of Courage for coming up on his balloon,"when Lion wants to perform an act of bravery, his eyes turn from brown to green", but they are soon caught in a storm. Lion falls from the balloon and Oscar can't stop it from leaving and carrying him off, but he reminds Lion that "true friends can never be lost".
Lion comes across a living Oak Tree being harassed by Flying monkeys. Lion frightens them off and the Tree thanks him. Lion realises he can talk just as "tree" can talk. The Tree explains the monkeys serve the Wicked Witch of the East, and speak of the devil, she shows up. 
She threatens Lion to find it for her or he'll never see Oscar again as she says Oscar is her prisoner.Tree explains to Lion that The Witch is bent on conquering Oz, but is prevented from total control by something called the Flower of Oz
Setting out, Lion comes across two fairies, whose friend Starburst, is trapped in a chest of emeralds at the bottom of a deep pond. Lion dives in, despite his aversion to water, to save her when the Witch's henchman Gloom, a living mist of misery, arrives and tries to tempt Lion into forgetting Starburst and taking as many of the emeralds as he wants, but he ignores him and saves the little fairy. The fairies gratefully point Lion in the right direction, telling him to go to a certain castle. 
As he nearly arrives, he comes across a springy teddy bear named Silly Oz-bul, who says he needs to cross the river to get a drink at the castle. Lion points out he can get a drink from the river, which Silly does. He follows Lion to the castle where they are confronted by a toy soldier named Captain Fitzgerald, who thinks they're enemies. but the misunderstanding is cleared when a young girl named Wimzik and her toy ballerina Caroline come along. Lion explains his mission and they decide to come along with him.
Meanwhile, Gloom reports to the Witch that Lion interfered with his business, so the Witch confronts Lion again, and zaps Fitzgerald to her dungeon, threatening that for each day Lion doesn't find her the Flower of Oz, she'll hurt more of his friends.
Undeterred, the friends keep going, until they come to a waterfall. But they see a silver bridge to a floating island and Silly leaps out of the frying pan and into the fire when he tries to cross the bridge, but it turns out to be an illusion, and nearly falls over the cliff. Luckily Lion saves him. They then hear a voice from the bottom of the cliff telling them to go back, but when Lion announces they're looking for the Flower of Oz, they are invited down by the voice. They come to the town of the Mini-Munchkins, who built the Silver Bridge before it was destroyed by the Wicked Witch of the East and she punished them by making them smaller so they couldn't rebuild it. The bridge the group saw earlier was just an illusion caused by the Mini-Munchkins' sadness. But Wimzik inspires them to believe in themselves and not to give up, somehow breaking the Witch's spell over them, returning them to their real sizes and restoring the bridge.
Inside the dungeon, Fitzgerald learns from a guard that the Witch never really kidnapped Oscar, and had merely tricked Lion into thinking so, and the toy soldier realizes he must escape and warn his friends.
The group has crossed the bridge and as they go, Caroline's battery runs out, but Wimzik merely says she needs some sunlight to recharge it. But then the Witch returns, casting Caroline's unconscious body into a whirlpool. Lion dives in to save her but the current's too strong. Wimzik dives in and helps them to shore, whereupon Lion says somehow Wimzik's touch gave him strength and Caroline is fully charged from Wimzik's touch as well. The Witch leaves, promising that Silly's next.
Back in the dungeon, Fitzgerald escapes and spies on the Witch while the group come across a strange cottage, where they are then confronted by the Seamstress, an elderly enchantress with powers over thread, hems, and patchworks, her wand is a large sewing needle. She turns Silly and Caroline into quilt patches but then her wand is knocked from her hand by Lion and her living Pin Cushion nails her sleeve to the wall. Realizing the Seamstress is under another of the Witch's spells, Wimzik manages to calmly talk the Seamstress into remembering how to laugh and smile, breaking the spell and revealing the Seamstress to be a nice old lady, and she turns Silly and Caroline back to their real selves. She then gives them a petal she says came from the Flower of Oz. Lion gets a whiff and tracks it to a large garden that's encased in ice. When Wimzik touches the flower, the garden is instantly thawed and Lion realizes that they've had the Flower of Oz all along: Wimzik. And the flower she unfroze is really her throne.
The Witch attacks, bringing Gloom with her, as well as Fitzgerald, as he'd stowed along, and reveals the Witch doesn't have Oscar. Lion demands an explanation and the Witch reveals Oscar's balloon actually carried him to the distant Emerald City. The Witch then tries to destroy Wimzik, but with the combined efforts of Lion, Silly, Fitzgerald, and Caroline, she is thwarted and Wimzik seats herself on her throne (unintentionally), restoring her mystical powers as the Flower of Oz. 
Enraged, the Witch steals Lion's Badge of Courage and sends it to Gloom. The Witch then sends Gloom after Wimzik. He tries to absorb her, but she is too powerful and he is sent flying into the air (and most likely destroyed). Wizmik orders the Witch to leave, and the Witch swears vengeance before vanishing.
Lion is distraught to have lost his badge, now thinking himself no more than a Cowardly Lion. Wimzik explains his courage and everything he's done weren't because of a badge but Lion's brave and noble heart. Despite this, Lion sadly bids his friends goodbye as he must go find his badge and Oscar, but promises to come back someday.
Lion eventually comes across a yellow brick road and meets none other than Dorothy Gale, the Scarecrow, the Tin Man, and Toto. By joining them, Lion steps out of his own story and into one that is even greater, "The Wizard of Oz".
DVD release.
The film was released onto Region 1 DVD in 2000 with special features on the disc including Sing Alongs, Music Videos (which were straight from the movie), Games, Interviews with Behind the Scenes and a Gallery. The film was later released onto Region 2 DVD in 2002 but had no special features and only a scene selection on the DVD menu.[http://img.amazon.ca/images/I/517Z4ZQE8RL._SS500_.jpg] The film can now be found for digital download and streaming on iTunes and Hulu.

</doc>
<doc id="5913766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913766" title="Bogue Banks">
Bogue Banks

Bogue Banks form a barrier island off the mainland of North Carolina in Carteret County. The island, separated from the mainland by Bogue Sound, runs east to west, with the ocean beaches facing due south. Bogue Banks is the only island on the Carteret County shore that has been developed with housing: numerous communities are located on the island and can be accessed by one of two bridges across Bogue Sound, either from Morehead City to Atlantic Beach, which is the more heavily traveled bridge, or from Cape Carteret to Emerald Isle. The communities of Bogue Banks are the most prominent of the Crystal Coast. NC 58 traverses a majority of the island's length. There are several hotels that dot the island, but most of the land contains private houses, which are rented out during the summer, or maritime forest. Stores and other commercial properties are limited to the five main communities.
During a survey titled "The Greater Beaufort Area at 1800" completed by the North Carolina State College, or present day North Carolina State University's School of Design preserves the original place names for the area surrounding Beaufort. The School of Design delineators were; L. B. Askew Jr., W. M. Coble and E. H. Williams Jr. and show the place name of present day Bogue Banks as Bordens Banks with the present day inlet near Beaufort, North Carolina as Topsail Inlet. Also represented is the present day location of Morehead City, North Carolina known in 1800 as Shepard's Point which was owned by the Shepards Point Land Company.
Points of interest.
The Emerald Isle Coast Guard Station is located on the western end of Bogue Banks; Fort Macon State Park, located on the eastern end, beyond Atlantic Beach, saw action during the Civil War; there the ornithologist and naturalist Elliott Coues spent two years, 1869–70, as US Army surgeon, taking the opportunity to study the sea birds, marsh birds and shore birds that nested there, noting lynx and mink, "describing a coastal world scarcely touched by commercial fishing, much less by the unrestrained tourism and real-estate development of today". Today, with some of the highest sand dunes on the East Coast, it is North Carolina's most visited state park. The North Carolina Aquarium, one of three, is located in Pine Knoll Shores in the middle of the island. Surrounding the aquarium is the Theodore Roosevelt Natural Area, a maritime forest owned, maintained and protected by the state. It is one of the few remaining maritime forests on North Carolina's barrier islands. A historic marker stands at the corner of N.C. 58 and Roosevelt Boulevard (at mile marker 7), noting the spot of the first landing of Europeans on the North Carolina coast. Giovanni da Verrazano, a Florentine navigator in the service of France, explored the state's coast from Cape Fear to Kitty Hawk in 1524. His voyage along the coast marked the first recorded European contact with what is now North Carolina.
Salter Path.
The decline in the whaling industry in the mid-to-late 19th century and good fishing on Bogue Banks caused many settlers, mostly near Cape Lookout (Diamond City), to move toward the middle and western reaches of Bogue Banks. The community of Salter Path is believed to be named after Owen Salter or possibly Riley Salter although Riley Salter’s true whereabouts during the 1880s has been questioned by historians and native Bogue Bankers. Schools of mullet that ran close to the ocean shorelines were the prime catch for many of the natives. These fishermen would quickly tramp from the sound to the ocean, wearing a path in front of a Salter household, hence the name Salter Path. Many of the families who moved to Salter Path in the late 19th century and early 20th century established their residences without deeds before Bostonian John A. Royal purchased Salter Path. The area of Salter Path subsequently became known as a squatters' community.
Salter Path was passed from John A. Royal to Alice Green Hoffman, a distant relative of Theodore Roosevelt and daughter of Alfred Green, a former governor of New Jersey. Alice Hoffman developed an estate in present day Pine Knoll Shores and sued the residents of Salter Path in 1923 because their cows were wandering onto her estate. A subsequent court decision permitted the residents of Salter Path to remain, but the cows were not allowed to graze on the Hoffman estate. The village was restricted to that the squatters occupied, and direct ownership of the beachfront was granted to the village to use collectively. This ruling further stated that only current residents and descendents could occupy the property, but it did not give any individuals title to the land. This ruling remained intact until 1979 when a legal settlement permitted Salter Path residents to hold title to their property and for Carteret County to levy taxes on the former squatter’s village.
Communities.
The island is located in Morehead Township and White Oak Township. The following are communities on Bogue Banks:
Bogue Inlet Fishing Pier.
The Bogue Inlet Fishing Pier, located on the western end of the Bogue Banks is one of the only fishing piers left on the island. In 2006, a beachfront development company applied to purchase the pier's land for the construction of condos. However, many area residents and Emerald Isle city officials are now petitioning to stop demolition of the pier.

</doc>
<doc id="5913769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913769" title="Kimberlee Weatherall">
Kimberlee Weatherall

Kimberlee ('Kim') Weatherall is an Australian intellectual property lawyer, blogger and academic. 
Weatherall studied at Oxford and Yale, then worked for Mallesons Stephen Jaques in Sydney before becoming a lecturer at the Melbourne Law School. She is also the Associate Director of the Intellectual Property Research Institute of Australia and board member of the Australian Digital Alliance. She is currently an Associate Professor at the Sydney Law School. She was awarded the third annual Rusty Wrench award for service to the free software community at linux.conf.au 2007.
Blog.
Her blog "Weatherall's Law" is one of the few covering IP issues in Australia in a manner accessible to non-lawyers. It contains detailed analyses of legal issues in Australia, including cases, legislation and legislative review. Started in mid-2002, the blog was particularly active in discussing the Australia-United States Free Trade Agreement IP Chapter.
On 10 January 2007 Weatherall announced she would cease posting to the blog.
Submissions and Influence.
Weatherall was cited in the Senate Standing Committee on Legal and Constitutional Affairs report on the required Exceptions for Technological Protection Measures. Her article on "Sony vs. Stevens" (which tested the anti-circumvention law in Australia) was quoted twice in the final decision.

</doc>
<doc id="5913781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913781" title="Keith Maillard">
Keith Maillard

Keith Maillard (born 28 February 1942 in Wheeling, West Virginia) is a fiction author and poet.
Maillard has lived in various places in the United States and Canada. He attended West Virginia University and was host of a Boston campus radio programme. He moved to Canada in 1970, attaining citizenship in 1976.
In the early 1970s, Maillard worked as a freelancer for CBC radio, contributing pieces to "This Country in the Morning", "Five Nights", and "Our Native Land". He was active in the Writers' Union of Canada, served on the National Council for two years, and co-founded the Federation of BC Writers. Maillard studied music at Vancouver Community College, played the Irish pipes, taught recorder and the rudiments of music for the Vancouver School Board and Vancouver Community College, and played bass in the first band formed by Vancouver singer-songwriter, Ferron.
Maillard's first published novel, "Two Strand River", appeared in 1976. Most reviewers didn't know what to make of this strange book with its cross-gendered protagonists and weird events, but "Two Strand River" soon acquired a cult following, came to be labeled "a classic of Canadian magic realism," and has been republished twice.
Maillard's second published novel was actually the first one he had begun; the book rejected by twenty-six publishers finally – after having passed through eight major rewrites – appeared in 1980 as "Alex Driving South". In this gritty, naturalistic tale, Maillard first introduced the fictional town of Raysburg, West Virginia, where most of his novels have been set. "The Knife in My Hands" followed in 1981, and its sequel, "Cutting Through", in 1982. Then, with a fifth book half completed, Maillard was afflicted with writer's block.
From 1985 through 1988 Maillard applied his writing skills to designing university and adult education courses for The Open Learning Institute. His fifth novel, "Motet", was published in 1989 and won the Ethel Wilson Fiction Prize.
Having taught as a sessional lecturer at both the University of British Columbia (UBC) and Simon Fraser University, Maillard was appointed in 1989 to a regular teaching position in UBC's Creative Writing Department, where he has taught every genre except stage writing. He served as Advisory Editor of "PRISM international" for ten years. He is currently a full professor, co-chair of the department, and specializes in fiction and poetry.
While at UBC, Maillard began what he considers his mature work – what has come to be known as the "Raysburg Series." Called "a small masterpiece" by the "Georgia Straight", "Light in the Company of Women" was published in 1993 and was runner-up for the Ethel Wilson Fiction Prize. It was followed in 1995 by "Hazard Zones", which was included on the "Toronto Star"'s list of the best Canadian books for that year and was short-listed for the Commonwealth Writers' Prize. Maillard also returned to his first love, poetry, and published "Dementia Americana", which won the Gerald Lampert Award for the best first book of poetry published in 1994. "Gloria" (May 1999) was short-listed for the Governor General's Literary Award for Fiction. "The Clarinet Polka", was included in Booklist’s Editors’ Choice ’03 and has been optioned by Los Angeles filmmaker Liz Friedlander.
In 2004, he returned to the raw material first published in "The Knife in My Hands" and "Cutting Through" and rewrote and reshaped it into the "Difficulty at the Beginning" quartet, which appeared in four volumes between September 2005 and September 2006. The Toronto "Globe and Mail" selected "Difficulty at the Beginning" as one of the top books of 2006, calling it "a work of terrible beauty and grace, a masterpiece fit to contend with the best novels of the last century."
In 2011, Maillard published two excerpts from his unpublished memoir, "Fatherless," in Numéro Cinq: "Kilroy, a Writer's Childhood" and "Richland."

</doc>
<doc id="5913782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913782" title="Windows Script File">
Windows Script File

A Windows Script File (WSF) is a file type used by the Microsoft Windows Script Host. It allows mixing the scripting languages JScript and VBScript within a single file, or other scripting languages such as Perl, Object REXX, Python, or Kixtart if installed by the user. These types of scripts may also be used to link many other external scripts together using a codice_1 parameter on the codice_2 tag in a manner similar to HTML. Windows Script Files have the extension ".WSF". A WSF makes reference to each script module in a very basic XML hierarchy as shown below.
Error isolation.
A WSF may be useful for isolating errors. Its modular nature prevents one script reference from interfering with another. Here is a WSF example with one module that produces an error and one that does not:
The first script module will produce a "divide by zero" error. Typically this would cause the script to end in the Windows Script Host but this modular method allows the script to continue and execute the second script module.
Mixed language support.
A Windows Script File supports multiple languages, as described on the Windows Script Host reference. One of the features of this file format is that you may use more than one at once. This means you can have one scripting language use code from another scripting language. The most memorable example for long-time VBScript users is the use of Microsoft JScript to service a sort request for VBScript since it does not have a built-in sort function for an array of values. VBScript users may write their own sort method or borrow one from an existing object like an ADO (ActiveX Data Objects) Recordset or a .NET (.NET_Framework) ArrayList, but the fastest way to sort an array is to use the method built into JScript. Here is a basic example of how that works:
The output looks like this, sorted by ASCII code sequence:
Exposing constants.
Another very useful feature of a WSF is that the XML wrapper can be bound to an object reference or control so you can use that object's constants instead of having to declare them. In regular VBScript and JScript files, you would be forced to declare a constant's value (outside of those that are internal to the Windows Script Host) in order to use the constant. An example of this is shown below:
If your object documentation only refers to the constant's name and not the constant's value, you would have no way of knowing the value without the help of an Integrated development environment to tell you what they equate to. By using the WSF reference declaration, you can use the constants without declaring their values. The example below enumerates the values of several common constants in the ADO (ActiveX Data Objects) Recordset.
Running the above script from a file with a ".WSF" extension, such as one named "EnumerateConstantsADO.wsf", will produce the result shown below: 
In addition, using the object reference to expose the constants makes writing the script more like writing in a standard programming language. In fact, the contents of the sample script, written in VBScript, will actually compile into a Visual Basic program and run the same way as long as that program uses the same reference to ADODB.

</doc>
<doc id="5913797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913797" title="Thomas D. &quot;Tommy&quot; Wright">
Thomas D. &quot;Tommy&quot; Wright

Thomas David "Tommy" Wright (born January 16, 1956) is a Jena (La Salle Parish) Democrat who was forced to resign from the Louisiana legislature early in 2006 as part of a plea bargain regarding an obscenity charge. Wright represented District 22 in the north central section of the state. The district encompasses all of Grant and La Salle parishes, most of Winn Parish, and a precinct of Rapides Parish.
Misdemeanor obscenity charges.
Wright was charged with an obscenity violation at Lake Buhlow in Pineville in Rapides Parish. Wright and another individual, Charles Locher, II, were arrested in 2004, when a Red River Waterway Commission park ranger said that he walked into a public restroom and found the men engaged in sexual activities. Wright and Locker denied the charges since their arrests and grand jury indictments. The two initially pleaded not guilty. Wright claimed that he had dropped his pants as the ranger entered the restroom and that the ranger misinterpreted the situation. Locker denied impropriety and said that he did not know Wright. The two changed their pleas to guilty on misdemeanor charges. Wright pleaded guilty to flight from an officer, and Locker pleaded guilty to a charge of criminal mischief, according to Harold A. Van Dyke, III, the first assistant district attorney in Rapides Parish.
Wright's background.
When he entered the legislature in 1996, Wright listed his occupation as a "teacher" and a "businessman." He cited a business administration degree from the former Northeast Louisiana University (now the University of Louisiana at Monroe). He also did graduate studies at the same institution. In 1977, he formed Wright Real Estate in Jena. He was a Pontiac dealer from 1979 to 1980. He was a member of the Jena City Council from 1982 until he became state representative in 1996. He holds membership in the La Salle Economic Development Council, the Catahoula Lake chapter of Ducks Unlimited, the Masonic Lodge, and the Methodist Church.
Wright's legislative years.
Wright was first elected to the state House in the fall of 1995 to succeed the Independent Representative Stephen L. Gunn (born 1946) of Montgomery, also in Grant Parish. He defeated fellow Democrat Clifford Zell in the nonpartisan blanket primary. Gunn, a businessman, served only one term and did not seek reelection. He became the mayor of Montgomery in 2002. In 1999, Wright defeated the Republican Ira Preuett in the primary. Wright received 7,487 (52 percent) to Preuett's 6,823 (48 percent).
In 2002, Wright raised funds in a bid for the Fifth Congressional District seat but in the end did not list his name on the ballot. The seat became open when incumbent Republican John Cooksey of Monroe ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate. Democrat Rodney Alexander, later Republican, won the position.
In 2003, Wright led several opponents in the primary, including former Pineville Mayor Floyd W. Smith, Jr., then of Winn Parish. In the general election, Wright dispatched Republican Tony K. Owens (born 1960), also of Jena but then of Winnfield. Wright received 6,964 votes (52 percent) to Owens' 6,465 (48 percent) in the 76 precincts in the district. The percent breakdown in 2003 was identical to that in 1999.
Wright was succeeded in office by his fellow Democrat, Billy Chandler (born 1938), a Grant Parish School Board member from the village of Dry Prong. Chandler said in his victory statement that it was clear that many voters in the district were unhappy with Wright's controversies. As the newest legislator in Baton Rouge, Chandler vowed to look after the interests of the "little man". Chandler, like Wright three years earlier, also defeated Owens to win the position in the April 29 special election runoff contest.
Dismissal from the Jena trade school.
Meanwhile, Wright was dismissed from his position at the Jena campus of the Alexandria-based Louisiana Technical College after he was found to have used paid sick leave to attend legislative sessions. Wright then sued the state for wrongful termination. He argued that his sick leave requests were approved with bona fide medical excuses. Wright accused his fellow Democrat, Governor Kathleen Babineaux Blanco, of ordering his firing because he had angered technical college administrators when he questioned certain practices in the system.
Wright began his career with the vocational technical system as a business instructor in August 1988. Prior to his dismissal, he was a tech prep coordinator on the Jena campus. The position involved his acting as a mediator between public schools and the vocational-technical schools/community colleges. Early in 2006, Wright failed to obtain legal reinstatement to his job with the technical college.

</doc>
<doc id="5913812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913812" title="Dave Broda">
Dave Broda

David Mike "Dave" Broda (September 17, 1944 – June 13, 2010) was a provincial politician from Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1997 to 2004 sitting with the Progressive Conservative caucus in government.
Political career.
Broda ran for a seat to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in the 1997 Alberta general election. He ran as the Progressive Conservative candidate in the electoral district of Redwater. The race was hotly contested between Broda and Liberal incumbent Mary Anne Balsillie. He won by less than 300 votes over Balsillie in a field of five candidates.
Broda ran for a second term in the 2001 Alberta general election. He easily defeated three other candidates with a landslide majority to hold his seat.
During his time in office he served as Chair of the Advisory Council on Alberta-Ukraine Relations
Broda retired from provincial politics in 2004 at dissolution of the assembly.
Late life and death.
After retiring from provincial politics Broda was appointed by the Government of Alberta to serve on the Alberta Surface Rights Board in April 2005 to serve as Vice-Chairman. His appointed term on the board was scheduled until March 31, 2010.
Broda died in a car crash outside of Edmonton on June 13, 2010 after leaving a barbecue event held on behalf of the Canada-Ukraine Chamber of Commerce in the town of Mundare, Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="5913815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913815" title="The Last Goodbye (album)">
The Last Goodbye (album)

The Last Goodbye is a demo album by Edison which was released on December 10, 2004. It was only sold for one show, where the band announced that they were signed to Credential Recordings and consequently had to change their name to Edison Glass.
The show.
The Last Goodbye concert featured Edison, with Sleep Bellum Sonno, Jeremy Houtsma, and Chris Mcleod. It took place at the YWAM in Smithtown, New York. The cost to get in was US$5, and the show started at 7:00pm.
Notes.
"Intro" and "From Ruins to Orchids" are instrumental tracks. The following six tracks were remade and landed on the band's next cd titled "A Burn or a Shiver": This Romance (Forever), Dear Honesty, Michaela, Minutes for Memories, You Mean the World to me, and Today Has Wings. However, the song name "This Romance (Forever)" was shortened to "Forever", and "Michaela" (the name of lead singer and guitarist Joshua Silverberg's wife) was retitled "Angelic in Heart". A couple of songs contain xylophone music.

</doc>
<doc id="5913830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913830" title="Paul Burgess (musician)">
Paul Burgess (musician)

Paul Burgess (born 28 September 1950, Manchester, England) is an English rock drummer, notable for his association with a wide range of British rock and folk-rock bands. In addition to extensive session work, he has been an official member of 10cc, Jethro Tull, Camel, Magna Carta, and The Icicle Works.
Career.
Burgess started playing drums in 1965 and played in 60s Stockport four piece band Axis, which he left in July 1971. He then joined 10cc on their 1973 UK tour and subsequently played with the band on most of their tours until 1983.
He played on the "10cc Live: King Biscuit Flower Hour" album recorded in 1975 and officially joined 10cc in 1976 after the departure of Kevin Godley and Lol Creme. His first studio album with the band was "Deceptive Bends", which featured the hits "The Things We Do for Love", "Good Morning Judge" and "People in Love". During the 1977 10cc tour Burgess was joined on drums by Stuart Tosh. 
Burgess continued his association with 10cc on their albums "Bloody Tourists" (1978), "Look Hear?" (1980) and "Ten Out of 10" (1981). Paul also played drums on Graham Gouldman's Animalympics (1980) soundtrack and Eric Stewart's first two solo albums; the soundtrack to the French film "Girls" (1980) and "Frooty Rooties" (1982).
Burgess subsequently became a member of The Invisible Girls, a band that backed punk-influenced performance poet John Cooper Clarke on several of his late 70s/early 80s recordings. Burgess temporarily left the band in 1980 and was replaced by Buzzcocks drummer John Maher for the album "Pauline Murray and The Invisible Girls", on which the band backed ex-punk singer Pauline Murray.
He was also a member of folk-rock outfit Magna Carta for one album, 1981's "Midnight Blue". After the release of this album, Magna Carta broke up for several years.
The following year 1982, Burgess was briefly a member of Jethro Tull, replacing Gerry Conway, and touring throughout Europe and North America with the band. Burgess was in turn replaced by Doane Perry, and did not record with the band.
Burgess rejoined 10cc for their 1983 tour, after which 10cc broke up.
In 1984, Burgess became a member of progressive rock unit Camel, replacing Stuart Tosh, who had also been a member of 10cc. He stayed for one studio album ("Stationary Traveller"), and one live album ("") before the band dissolved in 1985.
Around the same time, Burgess was the session drummer (though not an official band member) for pop band The Colourfield, playing drums on virtually all the tracks on their 1985 debut LP, "Virgins & Philistines".
In 1986, he toured with Joan Armatrading and returned as a member of the reformed Magna Carta. During the late 1980s, Burgess also did extensive live work with a range of artists including glam-rocker/rockabilly revivialist Alvin Stardust and disco singer Gloria Gaynor.
In 1990, Burgess replaced drummer Zak Starkey in a late-running version of the new-wave rock band The Icicle Works. He recorded one album, 1990s "Permanent Damage", before the group broke up.
In 1992, Camel reformed with Burgess on drums. He stayed until 1993, recording a studio album "Dust and Dreams" (1991) and a live album "Never Let Go" (1992) with the band. Around the same time, Burgess worked on the debut album from Jynine James, which also featured Peter Frampton on lead guitar.
Burgess then joined Chris Farlowe's R&B styled backing band in 1995 and worked with Farlowe steadily for the next decade. In 2000, Burgess once again re-joined 10cc for a series of live shows.
In 2003, in addition to semi-regular gigs with Farlow and 10cc, Paul Burgess played drums with The Soul Company (a band headed by Dave Sharp, formerly of The Alarm), as well as Then Came The Wheel, a band consisting of several veterans of the UK folk rock scene. During the mid-2000s Burgess also began playing and touring with the Stockport based band, The Removal Men. More recently he has been working and performing as a member of English band Katy Lied, whose album, "Late Arrival" was released in 2008.
In 2013, Burgess joined the Midnite Johnny Band.

</doc>
<doc id="5913848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913848" title="Ōtomo Chikasada">
Ōtomo Chikasada


</doc>
<doc id="5913859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913859" title="Zerach Warhaftig">
Zerach Warhaftig

Zerach Warhaftig (, Yiddish: זרח ווארהאפטיק, also '"Zorah Wahrhaftig", 2 February 1906 - 26 September 2002) was an Israeli lawyer and politician. He was a signatory of Israel's Declaration of Independence.
Biography.
Zerach Warhaftig was born in Volkovysk in the Russian Empire (today Vaŭkavysk, Belarus) in 1906. His parents were Yerucham Warhaftig and Rivka Fainstein.
In 1941 Warhaftig and his family travelled east from Lithuania to Japan. On 5 June 1941 the Warhaftigs left Yokohama on the Japanese ocean liner "Hikawa Maru" and on 17 June they landed at Vancouver, Canada. He described the trip as "a summer vacation and with the war seeming to be so far away" although, he said "I didn't have a peaceful mind because of the strong responsibility I had to help the Jewish refugees with the troubles they faced."
In World War II Rabbi Warhaftig convinced the Japanese Vice-Consul in Kaunas, Lithuania, Chiune Sugihara, to issue visas for the entire Mir Yeshiva. By so doing, Chiune Sugihara saved thousands of lives and families from the Nazis who had occupied first Poland and then Lithuania.
In 1947 Warhaftig immigrated to Mandatory Palestine. Initially he joined the Hapoel HaMizrachi party, a religious-zionist party, and in 1949 he was elected to the first Knesset as part of the United Religious Front, an alliance between Mizrachi, Hapoel HaMizrachi, Agudat Yisrael and Agudat Yisrael Workers. In 1948-1963 he taught Jewish Law at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
The party contended in the 1951 elections alone. Although it won only two seats, it was included in David Ben-Gurion's coalition, and Warhaftig was appointed Deputy Minister of Religions in the fourth government. In 1956, Hapoel HaMizrachi and Mizrachi merged to form the National Religious Party. Warhaftig led the party and retained his ministerial role until the end of the third Knesset.
After the 1961 elections (the fifth Knesset) he was appointed Minister of Religions, a position he held until 1974. In 1981 he retired from the Knesset.
Warhaftig was among the founders of Bar-Ilan University.
Awards and recognition.
The Dr. Zerah Warhaftig Institute for Research on Religious Zionism at Bar Ilan University is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="5913863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913863" title="Pantetheine">
Pantetheine

Pantetheine is the cysteamine amide analogue of pantothenic acid (vitamin B5). The dimer of this compound, pantethine is more commonly known, and is considered to be a more potent form of vitamin B5 than pantothenic acid. Pantetheine is an intermediate in the production of coenzyme A by the body.

</doc>
<doc id="5913909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913909" title="Jerry Bilik">
Jerry Bilik

Jerry Bilik (b. New Rochelle, New York, United States, October 7, 1933) is an American composer, arranger, songwriter, conductor, and director of stage productions.
Bilik studied with Tibor Serly who had been a student of Béla Bartók. A musical virtuoso by the age of 13, Bilik composed more than 50 pieces of music, which run the gamut from popular ballads to marches to his 'Symphony for Band,' (copyright 1972) and dedicated to Tibor Serly. His concert march "Block M" has been voted by band composers as one of the top 100 marches of all time. He wrote the "M Fanfare" which is usually played by the University of Michigan marching band prior to their playing the famous fight song "The Victors." He has worked with many popular artists, including Danny Kaye, Dick Van Dyke, Leonard Bernstein, Barbra Streisand, and Neil Diamond.
He has arranged music for several television series, including "Starsky and Hutch" and "Charlie's Angels".
He serves as Vice President of creative development for Disney on Ice, having arranged all the music for the Disney on Ice shows, which he also writes and directs. Bilik received both a B.M. and M.M. of music from Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="5913936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913936" title="Lite FM (Sweden)">
Lite FM (Sweden)

Lite FM is a radio station in Sweden broadcasting at 101,1 MHz in Trollhättan and Vänersborg.

</doc>
<doc id="5913947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913947" title="Maxacapan, Veracruz">
Maxacapan, Veracruz

Maxacapan is a village and ejido (population 981 in 2010 and 1039 in 2000) within the municipality of Catemaco, located on the edge of Laguna Catemaco, south of Catemaco City in southcentral Veracruz, southeastern Mexico.
Locally, the ejido is well known for its freshwater snails tegogolos harvested from Laguna Catemaco.

</doc>
<doc id="5913950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913950" title="Yokohama Archives of History">
Yokohama Archives of History

The in Naka ward, central Yokohama near Yamashita Park is a repository for many precious archive materials on Japan and the foreign connection with Japan since the arrival of Commodore Matthew Perry in 1853. The archives are next to Kaiko Hiroba (Port Opening Square) where Commodore Perry landed to sign the Convention of Kanagawa.
The archives are housed in a newly built annex to the former British Consulate building. The British Consulate building, which replaced the former consulate building destroyed in the 1923 Great Kanto Earthquake, was completed in 1931 and used as a consulate until 1972. The ground floor of the former consulate building is open to the public and there is a small exhibition room which is free. There are plaques in the consulate commemorating consulate employees who died in the Great Kanto Earthquake as well as British sailors who died during the British Bombardment of Kagoshima in 1863. The British Court for Japan, under the British Supreme Court for China and Japan sat in the consulate compound from 1879 to 1900. Prior to that the British Provincial Court for Kanagawa sat in the compound from 1865 to 1878.
The Archives include a museum which tells the story of Japan and Yokohama's opening to the West from the arrival of Commodore Perry and his black ships.
The reading room downstairs has historic Japanese and English newspapers and books. Materials housed include many of the papers of Ernest Satow, foreign and Japanese newspapers of the Meiji period etc., including, the Japan Daily Herald, the Japan Weekly Mail and Japan Punch. Many of the old newspapers have been copied onto new paper making them very easy to handle. These copies can be accessed directly from the shelves and can be photocopied. There are also collections of various diplomatic papers relating to Japan's foreign relations. A select number of books on Japanese history published by the archives are also available for purchase.

</doc>
<doc id="5913974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913974" title="Kainnilai">
Kainnilai

Kainnilai (Tamil:கைநிலை), and Innilai (Tamil:இந்நிலை) are Tamil poetic works belonging to the "Pathinenkilkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature. These two books together form the eighteenth book in the anthology, belonging to the 'post Sangam period' corresponding to between 100 – 500 CE. "Kainnilai" contains sixty poems written by the poet Pullangkaathanaar and "Innilai" contains 45 poems and was written by the poet Poigayaar.
The poems of "Innilai" deal with the ethical concepts of "aram" – propriety, "porul" – wealth, "inpam" – love and "veedu" – salvation. In this respect it is similar to "Tirukkural" which also concerns with these concepts. 
"Kainnilai" is available in a much-damaged condition with many of its poems only partially available. "Kainnilai" deals with the subjective ("agam") concepts. "Agam" in the Sangam literature denotes the subject matters that deal with the intangibles of life such as human emotions, love, separation, lovers' quarrels, etc. The poems of "Kainnilai" are categoriesed into twelve poems for each of the five "thinai", or landscape of Sangam poetry and describe in detail the situation and emotions specific to each landscape. The five landscapes of Sangam poetry are "mullai" – forest, "kurinji" – mountains, "marutham" – farmland, "paalai" – arid land and "neithal" – seashore.

</doc>
<doc id="5914004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914004" title="Sentry Foods">
Sentry Foods

Sentry Foods is a grocery store chain operating in Wisconsin. 
Sentry Foods stores got their start in the Milwaukee area in the 1960s, being operated and supplied by the Godfrey family. In the mid-1980s, Fleming Companies, Inc., at the time a major wholesaler, bought the majority of the stores and took over supplying them. Being predominantly a wholesaler, Fleming was never a major force in the retail market, and as a result of missteps and poor financial choices, Fleming went bankrupt in 2000 and was forced to sell off the stores. Each store is now independently owned and operated. Terry Daniels owns and operates six: Janesville East, Janesville West, Whitewater, Elkhorn, Walworth and recently, Belleville, Wisconsin. They are all supplied by "Supervalu" of Eden Prairie, Minnesota. Brothers Tim and Kevin Metcalfe own and operate three: Madison and Wauwatosa. These stores are branded under the "Metcalfe's Market" name. Metcalfe's also operated stores in Waunakee and Middleton which have since closed.
Sentry Foods had its own bakery division, Crestwood, which was located on Highway 100 and Greenfield in West Allis, Wisconsin. After the purchase of the Sentry distribution line from Supervalu, the company saw the bakery as obsolete and closed the division, selling its bakery recipes to Milwaukee-based Grebe's Bakery. The former bakery building was sold and then demolished to make way for an Aldi store and a Culver's restaurant.
Sentry benefited from the exit of Kohl's Food Stores and Jewel-Osco from the Milwaukee Market. A few of the former Jewel stores were rebranded Sentry and continued distribution with SuperValu. When A&P exited the market along with the Kohl's Food Stores, the smaller stores were purchased by 
independent owners, remodeled and reopened as Sentry.
The stores were formally marketed under the Supersaver, Rainbow Foods and Sun Foods banners. SuperSaver stores were generally the largest Sentry stores, while Rainbow stores were stripped-down, low-cost affairs. A number of stores have closed because of competition with Pick 'n Save (Roundy's), Wal-Mart and ALDI. When Jewel Osco, owned by Supervalu, closed its stores in Wisconsin in May 2007, Albrecht's Sentry Foods took over two stores in Racine and Kenosha Counties. About six months after its grand opening Albrecht's Sentry Foods closed its store in Kenosha and its Racine store is still in debut.

</doc>
<doc id="5914005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914005" title="Mary Anne Balsillie">
Mary Anne Balsillie

Mary Anne Balsillie was a former politician from Alberta, Canada.
In 1977, Mary Anne Balsillie was elected to the Municipal Council for the Town of Morinville. She served as a Town Councillor until 1992, when she defeated long-time Mayor Ross Quinn. She served as Mayor until 1996. Balisillie worked for the Alberta Home and School Association, and became part of a committee to help create Bill 41 "School Amendment Act", introduced in the Alberta legislature in 1992 during the 22nd Legislature 4th Session. The bill was designed to help increase rights for francophone parents and students. The bill died in committee and did not receive Royal Assent. Following Redwater MLA Nicholas Taylor's appointment to the Senate in 1996, Balsillie ran in the by-election for the Alberta Liberals. She again defeated Ross Quinn, who represented the Progressive Conservatives, by 98 votes. 
As a member of the Official Opposition she served as a member of the Law and Regulations Committee. In the 1997 Alberta general election she was defeated by Progressive Conservative Dave Broda by 316 votes. In 2001, Balsille was elected as a representative to the Aspen Regional Health Authority.
Balsillie is currently the Executive Director for the St. Albert Stop Abuse in Families (SAIF) Society in St. Albert

</doc>
<doc id="5914011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914011" title="Berks (SEPTA station)">
Berks (SEPTA station)

One SEPTA bus route serves Berks station: route 3.

</doc>
<doc id="5914047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914047" title="87th Grey Cup">
87th Grey Cup

The 87th Grey Cup (Canadian Football League championship) was held in 1999 in Vancouver. The Hamilton Tiger-Cats won the game 32-21 over the Calgary Stampeders in a rematch of the previous year's 86th Grey Cup.
Game summary.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats (32) - TD's, Ronald Williams, Darren Flutie (2); FG's, Paul Osbaldiston (3); cons., Osbaldiston (3); singles, Osbaldiston (2).
Calgary Stampeders (21) - TD's, Vince Danielson, Allen Pitts, Duane Forde; cons., Mark McLoughlin (3).
First Quarter <br>
HAM—TD Williams 1-yard run (Osbaldistan convert) 4:52 <br>
HAM—FG Osbaldiston 46 yard field-goal 13:39 <br>
Second Quarter <br>
HAM—Single Osbaldiston missed 56 yard field-goal attempt, one-point granted 0:44 <br>
HAM—FG Osbaldiston 41 yard field-goal 9:26 <br>
HAM—TD Flutie 13-yard pass from McManus (Osbaldiston convert) 13:57 <br>
Third Quarter <br>
HAM—Single Osbaldiston missed 41 yard-field goal attempt, one-point granted 1:34 <br>
CAL—TD Danielson 7-yard pass from Dickenson (McLoughlin convert) 4:55 <br>
CAL—TD Pitts 18-yard pass from Dickenson (McLoughlin convert) 9:57 <br>
HAM—FG Osbaldiston 20 yard field-goal 13:08 <br>
Fourth Quarter <br>
HAM—TD Flutie 7-yard pass from McManus (Osbaldiston convert) 0:39 <br>
CAL—TD Forde 1-yard run (McLoughlin convert) 12:00
The Tiger-Cat started off strong from the opening kick-off. Midway through the first quarter, the Tiger-Cats got on the board as McManus hit Williams for a 35-yard gain to the Stamps' 15-yard line. Three plays later, Williams plunged into the end zone from one-yard out to give the Tiger-Cats a 7-0 lead.
On Hamilton's next possession, McManus found Flutie for a 40-yard gain as the Tiger-Cats again moved into Calgary territory. That led to a 46-yard field goal from Paul Osbaldiston to give the Tiger-Cats a 10-0 advantage, as the gun sounded to end the first quarter.
With almost four minutes gone in the second quarter, the Stampeders finally picked up their first first down when Kelvin Anderson ran wide near midfield. However they were unable to sustain the drive.
Midway through the second quarter, the Hamilton offence drove downfield as McManus passed to Darren Flutie and Andrew Grigg culminating in a 41-yard field goal by Osbaldiston.
Late in the half, Calgary punter Tony Martino pinned the Tiger-Cats deep with a 42-yard punt that went out of bounds at the 4-yard line. The move appeared to pay off but the Hamilton defence then took centre stage.
When Joe Montford sacked Calgary quarterback Dave Dickenson, the ball came loose and Tim Terry scooped it up. From there, McManus found Flutie open in the end zone and he made a one-hand grab for the touchdown.
The Stamps had only 51 yards in total offence in the first half.
The Stamps tried some trickery on the second half kickoff with an onside kick but the Tiger-Cats recovered the ball with good field position. Osbaldiston turned that into a single point.
Then came the biggest play of the game for Calgary. Dickenson spotted Travis Moore behind the Hamilton defence and completed a 57-yard pass down to the 7-yard line. On the next play, Dickenson passed to Danielsen, who took it in for the touchdown to put the Stamps on the board.
On their next possession, the Stampeders took the ball down the field again and Dickenson found Pitts wide open in the end zone to close the gap to 22-14.
Osbaldiston added a 20-yard field goal late in the quarter to take some momentum away from the resurgent Stampeders.
McManus then engineered a drive to open the fourth quarter culminating in a touchdown pass to Flutie.
Calgary's next possession was ended by an interception by Orlondo Steinauer. Calgary regained possession, Dickenson drove deep into Hamilton territory and, on third down, Duane Forde plunged over the goal line with just over three minutes remaining. The Stamps were unable to score again and so came up short as the Tiger-Cats won 32-21.
Notable facts.
Grey Cup Most Valuable Player Danny McManus led the way connecting on 22 of 34 passes for 347 yards and no interceptions. Darren Flutie was also impressive, pulling in six catches for 109 yards and two touchdowns.
Cats kicker Paul Osbaldiston chipped in with three field goals, while slotback Mike Morreale caught three passes for 51 yards and was named the game's Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="5914071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914071" title="Merlin (musical)">
Merlin (musical)

Merlin was a musical based on a concept by popular illusionist Doug Henning and Barbara De Angelis, written by Richard Levinson and William Link, with music (and incidental music) written by Elmer Bernstein and lyrics by Don Black. 
"Merlin" opened on Broadway at the Mark Hellinger Theatre on February 13, 1983 and closed on August 7, 1983 after 199 performances and 69 previews. It was directed by Ivan Reitman and choreographed by Christopher Chadman and Billy Wilson. The cast included Henning as Merlin, Chita Rivera as an evil sorceress and, in supporting roles, newcomer Nathan Lane and a young Christian Slater.
The show was not a critical or financial success and is remembered today chiefly because of the number of "preview" performances it played: while most shows play a month or so prior to inviting critics and having an official opening, Merlin had 69, never inviting the critics and postponing the opening three times, despite charging full ticket prices. During the musical's troubled tryouts, the original director (Frank Dunlop) was replaced by Co-Producer Reitman and choreographer Billy Wilson was added. The tune for the song "Put a Little Magic in Your Life" had previously supported a different lyric: "These Are Not the Merriest of Days".
Synopsis.
The story focuses on the legendary wizard Merlin, not as an elderly man as he is usually depicted, but as a young man, still an apprentice learning the rules of magic. The storyline was barely more than a framework for the presentation of as many magic tricks as possible, some of them quite spectacular. During the production number "Put a Little Magic in Your Life", Henning mounted a white horse and rode it into a gigantic box, which was then closed and hoisted into the air above the stage. In midair, the box suddenly broke open, turning out to be empty. A moment later, Henning appeared at the opposite edge of the stage, still mounted on a horse. In another scene, Henning levitated and flew above the stage with no visible support. Anticipating the audience's suspicion that Henning was hanging on invisible wires, the set design for this scene included several large Stonehenge-like trilithons: Henning levitated beneath the lintels of these structures, which would have caught any wires hanging above him. In a battle sequence, Rivera's villainess character and her minions, in full view of the audience, assembled several large pieces of armor into a giant warrior, which immediately began walking and wielding a sword even though the armor had no discernible human occupant.

</doc>
<doc id="5914077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914077" title="CYP17A1">
CYP17A1

Cytochrome P450 17A1, or steroid 17-alpha-monooxygenase, or 17α-hydroxylase/17,20 lyase/17,20 desmolase is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "CYP17A1" gene. It is found in the zona reticularis of the adrenal cortex. This gene encodes a member of the cytochrome P450 superfamily of enzymes. The cytochrome P450 proteins are monooxygenases that catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol, steroids, and other lipids. This protein localizes to the endoplasmic reticulum. It has both 17alpha-hydroxylase and 17,20-lyase activities, and is a key enzyme in the steroidogenic pathway that produces progestins, mineralocorticoids, glucocorticoids, androgens, and estrogens.
More specifically, CYP17A1 acts upon pregnenolone and progesterone to add a hydroxyl (-OH) group at carbon 17 of the steroid D ring (the hydroxylase activity), or acts upon 17-hydroxyprogesterone and 17-hydroxypregnenolone to split the side-chain off the steroid nucleus (the lyase activity).
Clinical significance.
Mutations in this gene are associated with 17 alpha-hydroxylase deficiency, 17 alpha-hydroxylase/17,20-lyase deficiency, pseudohermaphroditism, and adrenal hyperplasia.
The drug abiraterone which is used to treat castration-resistant prostate cancer blocks the biosynthesis of androgens by inhibiting the CYP17A1 enzyme. Abiterone binds in the active site of the enzyme and coordinates the heme iron through its pyridine nitrogen, mimicking the subtrate.

</doc>
<doc id="5914086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914086" title="Perry Ryan">
Perry Ryan

Perry Ryan may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5914108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914108" title="Steroid 17a-monooxygenase">
Steroid 17a-monooxygenase

Steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase (, "steroid 17alpha-hydroxylase", "cytochrome P-45017alpha", "cytochrome P-450 (P-45017alpha,lyase)", "17alpha-hydroxylase-C17,20 lyase") is an enzyme with system name "steroid,hydrogen-donor:oxygen oxidoreductase (17alpha-hydroxylating)". This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
Steroid 17a-monooxygenase requires NAD(P)H and P-450.

</doc>
<doc id="5914140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914140" title="Robert B. Ferguson Museum of Mineralogy">
Robert B. Ferguson Museum of Mineralogy

The Robert B. Ferguson Museum of Mineralogy is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. It is located at the University of Manitoba in the Wallace Building. The museum got its start in 1918 by way of a donation from geologist Joseph Winthrop Spencer. His 1,100 mineral and rock specimen formed the basis of the early museum. The museum has grown over the years through various donations.
Part of the collection is on display for the benefit of students. One sixth of the collection is displayed in the Wallace Building, and is arranged from the most chemically and structurally simple to progressively more complex. 
Many of the most attractive mineral specimens are on public display at the Ed Leith Cretaceous Menagerie.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5914151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914151" title="Oracy">
Oracy

The term oracy was coined by Andrew Wilkinson, a British researcher and educator, in the 1960s. This word is formed by analogy from literacy and numeracy. The purpose is to draw attention to the neglect of oral skills in education.

</doc>
<doc id="5914160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914160" title="Clach an Tiompain">
Clach an Tiompain

The Clach an Tiompain (in English, the "Sounding Stone") or The Eagle Stone is a small Class I Pictish stone located on a hill on the northern outskirts of Strathpeffer in Easter Ross, Scotland. 
Description.
The stone is made of blue gneiss and is high, wide, and thick. Carved on the southeast side are two images, a horse shoe-like arc symbol above an eagle. 
History.
The stone was originally located further down the hill, towards Dingwall, but was moved to its current site in 1411. One old tradition is that the stone marks the site of a Scottish clan battle that took place in 1411 between the Clan Munro and a branch of the Clan MacDonald, and that the stone commemorates a Munro victory as it is marked with their symbol, an eagle.
The stone is associated with the prophecies of the 16th century Brahan Seer (). He predicted that if the stone fell three times, the surrounding valley would be flooded, and the stone used as an anchor.
It has since fallen twice, and is now set in concrete.

</doc>
<doc id="5914185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914185" title="Let Your Backbone Slide">
Let Your Backbone Slide

"Let Your Backbone Slide" is the debut single of Maestro Fresh-Wes, released in 1989, from his debut album "Symphony in Effect". In Canada, over 50,000 copies of the single were sold, making Maestro the first Canadian rapper to have a gold single. It also reached #1 on "The Record" Singles Chart, in April 1990. In the United States, 25,000 copies were sold in its first few weeks of release. As of early 2008, it remained the best-selling Canadian hip hop single of all time. 
The song contains samples of "The Champ" by The Mohawks, "Funky Drummer" by James Brown, "Set It Off" by Strafe, "La Di Da Di" by Doug E. Fresh and Slick Rick, "One, Two, Three" by The B-Boys, and "Rebel Without a Pause" by Public Enemy.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Joel Goldberg was shot in Toronto, with most of it taking place in a club. In the video's first few seconds, current CBC News anchor Dwight Drummond plays the role of a cameraman. It also received rotation on MTV.
Track listing.
12" single.
A-side
B-side

</doc>
<doc id="5914192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914192" title="Jack Harvard">
Jack Harvard

Jack Harvard (born October 23, 1946) was the mayor of Plano, Texas from 1982-1990.
Harvard came to Plano in 1975 as a banker because of the city's inexpensive housing and good schools. In 1983, Harvard founded Willow Bend National Bank and served as its chairman during his time as mayor. Harvard, along with Jack Evans, former mayor of Dallas, Texas, formed the Metroplex Mayors Association in 1984. He was the president of the association from 1984-1990. Harvard was known during his four terms as mayor for drving his car around the city with his "PLANO" license plates. The city's current logo was chosen while he was mayor because of a contest created by him and the city council.
Harvard was sure to win a fifth term in 1990, but he decided not to run again, citing exhaustion. However, in 1992, he tried for the Texas State Senate, but lost to Florence Shapiro, who served on his city council and was his successor as mayor.
On September 13, 1996, Harvard pled guilty under a plea agreement in a federal investigation into a series of bank loans totaling more than $25 million. He was convicted of one count of providing false information about a $3.18 million loan from the failed Plano Savings and Loan Association. Harvard and another former Plano mayor David B. McCall, Jr. were indicted in August 1995, along with three other men, on federal bank fraud charges relating to the loan investigation. Harvard was sentenced to three years in prison. President George W. Bush pardoned McCall in 2004 after he went into a coma.

</doc>
<doc id="5914233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914233" title="Opposite field">
Opposite field

Opposite field is a baseball term that refers to the area of the outfield that faces the hitter, which would be right field for a right-hander and left field for a left-hander. A hitter is said to hit to "all fields" if he or she hits the ball consistently to left, right, and center fields.
Opposite field home run hitters are less common than pull hitters, who hit the ball to the same side as their body, because to do so requires more strength as contact with the ball is made earlier in the swing and the bat is not at full speed. Contemporary prominent opposite field home run hitters include David Wright, Albert Pujols, Alex Rodriguez, Jim Thome, Raúl Ibáñez, Adrian Gonzalez, Joey Votto, Ryan Howard, and Bryce Harper.

</doc>
<doc id="5914236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914236" title="Donald Ross">
Donald Ross

Donald Ross may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5914244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914244" title="Southern red-backed salamander">
Southern red-backed salamander

The southern red-backed salamander (Plethodon serratus) is a species of salamander native to the United States. It is found in four widely disjunct populations: one in central Louisiana; one in the Ouachita Mountains of Arkansas and Oklahoma; one in central Missouri; and one from southeastern Tennessee, to southwestern North Carolina, western Georgia, and eastern Alabama. It is sometimes referred to as the Georgia red-backed salamander or the Ouachita red-backed salamander. It was once considered a subspecies of the red back salamander, "Plethodon cinereus".
Description.
The southern red-backed salamander is typically gray or black in color, with a red-brown, fading stripe across the width of its back. It grows from 8 to 11 cm (3 to 4 in) in length.
Behavior.
Mostly nocturnal, it is often found under ground debris in moist, forested areas. In dry seasons, it moves closer to permanent water sources. Its primary diet is small arthropods and mollusks.

</doc>
<doc id="5914249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914249" title="Honda G engine">
Honda G engine

The Honda G-series engine is a family of slanted inline-five cylinder gasoline engines; the engines are SOHC with 4 valves per cylinder. They were originally used in the 1989 Honda Vigor, Honda Rafaga, Honda Ascot and Honda Inspire. They carried over to the Vigor's successor the Acura 2.5TL, which ran from 1995-1998 in North America, and the Honda Saber in Japan.
Some people colloquially refer to an F-Series block (found in Accords) with an H-Series head (found in Preludes) as a "G-series" engine. This combination of an Accord bottom end with a Prelude head has nothing in common with the actual G-series engine. The engine is longitudinally mounted and resembles an F-Series single cam engine (found in early Accords) with an extra cylinder on it and a shorter stroke.
G20A.
Found in the 1989-1991 JDM Inspire/Vigor (CB5), 1992-1994 JDM Inspire/Vigor 20 (CC3), 1993-1997 JDM Ascot/Rafaga 2.0 (CE4), and 1995-1997 JDM Inspire/Saber 20 (UA1).
G25A.
Found in the 1992-1994 JDM Inspire/Vigor 25 (CC2), 1993-1997 Ascot/Rafaga 2.5S (CE5), and 1995-1997 JDM Inspire/Saber 25 (UA2).
G25A1.
Found in the 1992-1994 USDM & CDM Acura Vigor (CC2).
G25A3.
Found in the 1995-1998 USDM & CDM Acura 2.5TL (UA2).

</doc>
<doc id="5914256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914256" title="A. H. Patch">
A. H. Patch

Asahel Huntington Patch (November 18, 1825 – January 29, 1909) was an inventor, and manufacturer from Hamilton, Massachusetts.
In 1872, Patch patented his first pole-mounted corn sheller. It was featured in Scientific American magazine in 1872. According to an article in the Clarksville Chronicle dated July 17, 1966, Patch's corn sheller was given the "highest award of the World's Fair" at the 1893 Columbian World's Fair in Chicago, Illinois for ingenuity. One of the major themes of the Chicago World's Fair was that of the value of corn as a crop and as a dietary staple. 
Patch moved to Louisville, Kentucky and later to Clarksville, Tennessee where he also invented other box shellers. His most famous sheller was called the "Blackhawk corn sheller." The Blackhawk sheller became one of the best sellers of agricultural equipment around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5914275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914275" title="Aurora SPARC Linux">
Aurora SPARC Linux

Aurora SPARC Linux is an operating system, based on Fedora Core, for SPARC-based computers. Aurora was originally created after Red Hat dropped support for the SPARC architecture after Red Hat Linux 6.2.
The name derives from the internal Sun codename for the SPARCStation 5 chassis.
Since Aurora is derived from Fedora, and most of its developers are located in the US, it only maintains packages legally distributable in the United States.
Version history.
Like Fedora (and Red Hat Linux before that), Aurora names all of its releases.
Repositories of extra software.
Like Fedora Core, Aurora only includes a core set of packages. For downloading and installing programs or codecs not distributed with Aurora, there are several repositories available.
Official repositories.
Currently only Aurora Extras has an official status. This repository supports the currently released version of Aurora SPARC Linux Build 2.0. Aurora Extras is maintained by a group of volunteers. As a link to Extras is currently included in the base distribution, no extra configuration is required to enable it.

</doc>
<doc id="5914297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914297" title="SS Rajputana">
SS Rajputana

The SS "Rajputana" was a British passenger and cargo carrying ocean liner. She was built for the Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company at the Harland and Wolff docks on the River Clyde near Glasgow, Scotland in 1925. She was one of the P&O 'R' class liners from 1925 that had much of their interiors designed by Lord Inchcape's daughter Elsie Mackay. Named after the Rajputana region of western India, she sailed on a regular route between England and British India.
She was requisitioned into the Royal Navy on the onset of World War II and commissioned in December 1939 as the armed merchant cruiser HMS "Rajputana". 
The installation of eight six-inch guns gave her the firepower of a light cruiser without the armoured protection.
She was torpedoed and sunk off Iceland on 13 April 1941, after escorting a convoy across the North Atlantic.
World War II.
In the Battle of the Atlantic HMS "Rajputana" escorted several North Atlantic convoys from Bermuda and Halifax under Captain F. H. Taylor, including
BHX 42,
BHX 45,
BHX 49,
BHX 52,
BHX 54,
BHX 61,
BHX 64,
BHX 71,
BHX 83,
BHX 94,
BHX 101,
BHX 111 and
BHX 117
Her sister ships SS "Rawalpindi", SS "Ranchi" and SS "Ranpura" were also converted to armed merchant cruisers. Except for small corvettes, the converted passenger ships like HMS "Rajputana" were the only armed protection for most of the early convoys. With their six-inch guns, they were the only escorts that could engage German surface ships. Very few convoys received the protection of the larger cruisers or battleships.
On 13 April 1941, four days after parting company with convoy HX 117, she was torpedoed by "U-108" in the Denmark Strait west of Reykjavík, Iceland. She sank over an hour later with the loss of 42 men, including her last civilian captain Commander C.T.O. Richardson. [http://www.warsailors.com/gb5.html] A total of 283 of her crew were saved by the destroyer HMS "Legion", some of them after spending 12 hours in overcrowded lifeboats. Among the survivors was Daniel Lionel Hanington, who later become a Rear Admiral in the Royal Canadian Navy. 
Of her sister ships two survived the war. On 23 November 1939, while on "Northern Patrol" guarding the GIUK gap, HMS "Rawalpindi" engaged in battle against the German small battleships "Scharnhorst" and "Gneisenau". She prevented the breakthrough of the ships, but was herself sunk southeast of Iceland in the Iceland-Faroe passage.
[http://home6.inet.tele.dk/ron/greenland/amc_rawalpindi.htm]
HMS "Ranchi" (F15) survived the war and was scrapped at Newport in 1953. HMS "Ranpura" (F93) was sold to the Admiralty in 1943 and converted to a repair ship. She served in the Royal Navy as a fleet depot ship until 1961, when she was broken up. [http://www.uboat.net/allies/warships/ship/7295.html She took part in the 1956 British invasion of Egypt. [http://www.totalcatholic.com/discuss/viewtopic.php?p=25206&sid=6f043dcfa76965d8ce86681ec0d5af1f]

</doc>
<doc id="5914305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914305" title="Beth Morgan">
Beth Morgan

Beth Morgan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5914337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914337" title="Bagnall 0-4-0ST &quot;Alfred&quot; and &quot;Judy&quot;">
Bagnall 0-4-0ST &quot;Alfred&quot; and &quot;Judy&quot;

"Alfred" and "Judy" are two unusually low four-wheel saddle tank railway steam locomotives. They were built by W.G. Bagnall for use at Par harbour in Cornwall, United Kingdom. The unusual design was required to cope with some extremely tight curves, and a very low bridge under the Cornish Main Line. The locomotives are both preserved in operational condition on the nearby Bodmin and Wenford Railway and inspired the Rev. W. Awdry to include them in The Railway Series of children's books.
History.
The first ships used Joseph Treffry’s artificial harbour at Par on the south coast of Cornwall in 1833. It was fully operational by 1840 when it was linked to his inland mines and quarries by a canal up the valley to Ponts Mill, where it connected with inclined tramways to Treffry’s copper mines and granite quarries. The canal was supplemented by a horse-drawn tramway to Ponts Mill in 1855 and a separate tramway incline served the Par Consols mine on the hill behind the harbour. In 1860 a connection was made to the recently opened Cornwall Railway which was carried on a viaduct and embankment between the harbour and mine. The mine closed in 1869 and the main tramway was converted to locomotive haulage as the Cornwall Minerals Railway in 1874, but wagons continued to be moved by horses within the harbour complex. Several years later a branch line was taken through an bridge beneath the Cornish Main Line to serve new china clay processing works. As well as the very low bridge, this line had a tight radius curve; these two restrictions had to be taken into consideration when buying locomotives to work at the harbour.
The first steam locomotive to be put to use by the Treffry Estates was a small four-wheel vertical boiler locomotive built by Sara and Burgess in Penryn in 1912 that arrived at Par the following year. This was supplemented by a more conventional 0-4-0ST in 1916, this was "Punch", a second hand Manning Wardle. The Sara locomotive was taken out of service in 1927 to be replaced by a Sentinel known as "Toby". This was another four-wheel vertical boiler locomotive but of a much more modern design than the one it replaced. In 1932 "Punch" was rebuilt by the harbour staff using the Sara boiler but it only operated in this form for five years. At around this time they created another locomotive at Par using the parts from two steam cranes that had been operating around the harbour.
A larger locomotive was ordered from W. G. Bagnall and delivered without a name in 1937; this was later christened "Judy" which continued the Punch and Judy theme, but the final locomotive was named "Alfred" after the manager of the harbour, Alfred Truscott. This locomotive, which arrived at Par in 1954, was another Bagnall 0-4-0ST similar to Judy.
The Treffry Estates leased the harbour to English China Clays (ECC) in 1946 and sold it outright to them in 1964. It was then operated as the Port of Par by ECC Ports. "Toby" was kept as a spare locomotive until it was withdrawn in 1957. "Judy" was taken out of traffic in 1969, but "Alfred" was kept in service until 1977. The connection to British Railways' Cornish Main Line was closed in 1965 and most of the sidings around the harbour were taken out of use, the main rail traffic that remained was china clay dried on the harbour that was moved out over the old tramway connection beneath Par Viaduct. This line is still in use but is now worked by DB Schenker locomotives from St Blazey.
"Judy".
Works number 2572, built 1937.
Bagnall designed a locomotive that was only high by dropping the cab floor down between the main frames. long over headstocks and wide, "Judy"'s wheels set just apart allowed her to negotiate the sharp curve by Par Moors drier. The outside cylinders allowed her to be serviced without the use of an inspection pit, and Bagnall-Price valve gear was fitted. She cost £1,200 and weighed on delivery.
It had originally been planned to name her "Chough" after a distinctive Cornish bird. The message was received by Bagnall's as "Cough", which they thought was rather strange and so she was sent to Par without a nameplate. She was finally given nameplates that read "Judy" in 1960.
In 1969 she was withdrawn from service as the cost of boiler repairs could not be justified considering how little rail traffic was now handled at Par. She was kept in the engine shed until 1978 when she was moved to the china clay museum at Wheal Martyn near St Austell where she was displayed as a static exhibit alongside a locomotive from the Lee Moor Tramway in Devon.
In 2004 she was given to the care of the Cornish Steam Locomotive Preservation Society (CSLPS). Before "Judy" could be moved from Wheal Martyn to their base at Bodmin General railway station a specialist had to remove the asbestos insulation around the boiler. A £50,000 grant was made from the Heritage Lottery Fund towards her restoration, and the work was supported by both Poltair Community School and the Cornwall Young Archaeologists Club. Part of the firebox had to be renewed, this being the reason it was taken out of service at Par in 1969. One of the four axle journals were found to have suffered water damage while on static display, but otherwise it was in reasonable condition despite not having been in steam for more than 30 years. Heavy and specialised repairs were undertaken by contractors, but much of the work was done at Bodmin by volunteers. The boiler was steamed in June 2008 and she moved under her own power on 31 October 2008 for the first time in nearly 40 years. Now fitted with a vacuum brake so that she could operate passenger trains, "Judy" entered service on the Bodmin and Wenford Railway in April 2009.
"Alfred".
Works number 3058, built 1953.
Although essentially the same design, the second Bagnall locomotive had several small differences. These included flat handrail mountings instead of turned fittings, and a flush saddle tank without the prominent rivets used on "Judy". It also weighed more.
No longer required for traffic at Par harbour in 1977, "Alfred" was moved to the CSLPS site at Bugle in 1978 where a vacuum brake was fitted so that it could haul passenger trains. In 1987 the CSLPS had to move, and so "Alfred" found a new home on the Bodmin and Wenford Railway. About ten years later it was repainted in yellow livery, the colour used by the fictional "Bill" and "Ben" who were inspired by "Judy" and "Alfred", but it has now been repainted back into a green Port of Par livery with the lettering as carried from 1969 to 1977.
This has always been the wider-travelled of the pair of locomotives. In 1955 it spent a short while at Ponts Mill working in the china clay drier there while the regular locomotive was being serviced, the movement between Par harbour and Ponts Mill being made under its own power over British Railways tracks. In 1994 it was taken to Exeter for a rail fair celebrating the 150th anniversary of railways in that city. August 2002 saw it at St Blazey depot of an open day and it was steamed down the branch to Par harbour, the first time in 25 years. In May 2009 it was taken to Saltash as part of the 150th anniversary of the Royal Albert Bridge.
Fictional counterparts.
The Rev. W. Awdry visited the Port of Par in 1966 and he soon wrote "Main Line Engines", the 21st volume of "The Railway Series" of children's books. This book featured two diminutive low cab 0-4-0STs named "Bill and Ben". These locomotive characters also appeared in the "Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends" television series based on the books.

</doc>
<doc id="5914372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914372" title="Ferry Field">
Ferry Field

Ferry Field is a multi-purpose stadium in Ann Arbor, Michigan. It opened in 1906 and was home to the Michigan Wolverines football team prior to the Michigan Stadium opening in 1927. It had a capacity of 46,000.
After football moved to Michigan Stadium in 1927, Ferry Field was converted to an outdoor track and field facility and is still used for this purpose. In 1935 Ohio State sprinter Jesse Owens set world records in the 220 yard dash, the 200 meter dash, the 220 yard low hurdles, the 200 meter low hurdles, and the long jump, and tied the world record in the 100 yard dash.
Beginning on March 1, 2015, the University of Michigan will be building new indoor and outdoor track facilities. Following the 2015 men's and women's outdoor track & field season, Ferry Field will be demolished and turned into a parking lot for sports surrounding the area.
Development.
Michigan's football team became a major attraction after the success of coach Fielding H. Yost, and Regents Field with its 800-seat grandstand could not accommodate the paying crowds that sought to watch the team play. Michigan Athletic Director Charles A. Baird improved the university's athletic fields and "was responsible for the construction of Ferry Field to replace the outdated Regents Field." When Baird resigned as athletic director, one newspaper wrote: "Baird's greatest work for Michigan was planning and building Ferry field, which is the largest college athletic ground in the United States."
In 1902, Detroit businessman Dexter M. Ferry purchased and donated north of Regents Field for use in constructing a new athletic facility. Baird began by constructing new bleacher seating for 6,000 adjacent to the existing grandstand. One thousand circus seats were also installed. In November 1902, a Thanksgiving Day game against the University of Minnesota was held at Ferry Field with 10,000 spectators in attendance.
By 1906, the new Ferry Field with seating for 18,000 spectators was opened. The facility included a brick wall and ornamental gate with ten ticket windows. The gateway was designed by Albert Kahn Architects of Detroit and constructed at a cost of over $10,000. In the 1890s, a $3.00 membership granted students admission to all athletic events. By 1904, a general admission ticket for a big game cost as much as $3.00. With a seating capacity of 18,000, Baird's athletic department could generate $50,000 in revenue from a single game. When Ferry Field was completed, Baird expressed his pride in the facility:"Speaking of the field, Michigan today has the finest athletic grounds in the United States. With the completion of the operations we are making the total expenditure for permanent improvement of the field will cost $150,000. On it we have a gridiron for practice, another where the old field was, and the splendid new one, drained, leveled, sodded, surrounded by a concrete wall."

</doc>
<doc id="5914374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914374" title="Bevis">
Bevis

Bevis (sometimes spelled "Beavis" or "Bevys") is a given name of Old French or Welsh origin. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5914381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914381" title="Hammy">
Hammy

Hammy may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5914397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914397" title="Eli Mandel">
Eli Mandel

Eli Mandel (December 3, 1922 - September 3, 1992) was a Canadian poet, editor of many Canadian anthologies, and literary academic.
Biography.
Ten years prior to his death, Eli Mandel’s passing would have been significant news; however, because of a series of strokes that left him unable to write, Mandel had long since gone unrecognized.
He was born Elias Wolf Mandel in Estevan, Saskatchewan, Canada to Russian Jewish parents who had emigrated from the Ukraine, and grew up the Canadian prairies during the Great Depression. After a job working for a pharmacist who, landed him a position serving in Canada's Medical Corps during World War II, it has been said Mandel returned a forever emotionally distraught man who was destined to live the rest of his life without a sense of belonging. This helps explain the alienation that is illustrated throughout his writings.
He studied English at the University of Saskatchewan attaining a Master of Arts degree in 1950. His further studies at the University of Toronto earned him a PhD in 1957.
Mandel taught English and creative writing at the University of Alberta, University of Victoria, University of Toronto, and York University. He also taught Canadian studies at the University of Calgary.
Besides his poetry, he wrote other works such as his 1969 essay on fellow poet Irving Layton.
He was married to his first wife, Miriam Mandel for 18 years. The couple had two children, Evie and Charles. In 1967 he divorced her and married Ann Hardy; they had one child, Sara.
Publishing poetry in the early 1950s, Eli Mandel’s first significant collection was entitled "Minotaur poems" (1954), and it appeared in the contact press anthology "Trio" (1954).
His poetry was published in 1954 in "Trio," an anthology of poems by Mandel, Gael Turnbull, and Phyllis Webb published by Raymond Souster's Contact Press.
His first book was "Fuseli poems" (1960).
His works seem to have been deeply influenced by World War II, especially all the horrors of the Jewish concentration camps. Despite the lack of direct references to the war until "Stony Plain" (1973), his work illustrates many grim and morbid images of despair, destruction written with a tone of inescapable pessimism.
Mandel’s style was contemplative and intellectual - "an ironic poet, rather than an angry one".
He deliberately lacks emotion in his work, which heightens his desired hopeless outlook.
This is a central feature in all of his collected works. Being exceptionally literarily complex, his early works appear not to have been written for "a scholarly rather than public audience". However, later, starting with the poetry of Black and secret man (1964), Mandel simplifies the syntax and uses more colloquial language. While the thoughtful view remained as it was in his earlier work, a wittier tone replaced the previously somber one.
Mandel, also being an active critic and editor, published a monograph on his fellow-poet Irving Layton and in his first anthology, "Poetry62/Poésie62"(1962) which he co-edited with Jean-Guy Pilon. Additionally, he championed many otherwise unnoticed newcomers of the 1950s such as Al Purdy, Milton Acorn, D.G. Jones and Alden Nowlan.
Critical Reception.
Eli Mandel’s book," The Family Romance" (1986), has been characterized by his quotations from essays on Hugh MacLennan and Northrop Frye’s The Great Code. Both excerpts exemplify Mandel’s questioning of whatever is viewed as orthodoxy. He refuses to let pass what most people simply accept. In this essay collection, it has been recognized that the first piece, "Auschwitz and Poetry", is the most powerful and significant and the last of this series of essays, "The Border League: American ‘West’ and Canadian ‘Region’", seems to be the least successful.
 The compilation of Mandel’s work, "The Other Harmony: the Collected Poetry of Eli Mandel", is a two volume collection where the first includes works such as Mandel’s contributions to "Trio", His "Fuseli Poems", "An Idiot Joy", "Stony Plain", and many others. It has been acknowledged as the more noteworthy of the two volumes in terms of its primary material.
Recognition.
Mandel won the 1968 Governor General's Award for "An Idiot Joy".
In 1982 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.
In 1989 he was made an honorary Doctor of Letters by York University. York University Honorary Degree Recipients, Web.

</doc>
<doc id="5914402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914402" title="Alon Hazan">
Alon Hazan

Alon Hazan (; born 14 September 1967) is a former Israeli footballer and is now the coach of the Israel U-17 side. Outside of football he is taking a degree in politics.
Hazan spent most of his playing career in Israel, but did spend 18 months with English side Watford, with whom he achieved two promotions - from Division Two to the Premier League. He turned home to Israel for personal reasons before he could play a part in the top tier of English football.

</doc>
<doc id="5914417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914417" title="MassCREST">
MassCREST

MassCREST stands for Massachusetts Center for Renewable Energy Science and Technology at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. It brings together complementary expertise in molecular design and synthesis, physical characterizations, device fabrications and theoretical modeling from at least five different departments within UMass Amherst.
Using their expertise in soft materials and in soft-hard material interfaces, MassCREST researchers are focusing on developing efficient solar cells and fuel cells, producing hydrogen from water using enzymes and developing catalysts for the conversion of biomass to hydrocarbon fuels.

</doc>
<doc id="5914460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914460" title="Archaeidae">
Archaeidae

The Archaeidae are a spider family with 25 described species in three genera.
Their common name pelican spider stems from their specialised anatomy: they have evolved elongated chelicerae and necks for catching other spiders.
Distribution.
Archaeidae occur in South Africa, Madagascar and Australia.
Assassin spiders.
Assassin spiders, also known as the Spidsnuck, are a group of spiders of the families Archaeidae and Mecysmaucheniidae, which are extremely unusual in that they have "necks," which can be very long and slender or short and fat. Archaeids prey only upon other spiders, while mecysmaucheniids seem to be generalists. Assassin spiders were first known from 40 million year old amber fossils, which were found in Europe in the 1840s, and were not known to have living varieties until 1881, when the first living assassin spider was found in Madagascar. They are native to Australia, South Africa, and Madagascar, with the sister family Mecysmaucheniidae occurring in Southern South America and New Zealand. They range in size from 2-8 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="5914465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914465" title="Burt L. Talcott">
Burt L. Talcott

Burt Lacklen Talcott (born February 22, 1920) is a former member of the United States Congress from the State of California.
Military career.
Born in Billings, Montana, Talcott received his degree from Stanford University in 1942, after which he enlisted in the United States Army Air Corps where he became a bomber pilot. On a mission in a B-17 Flying Fortress over Austria, Talcott was shot down and captured, spending 14 months in a German Prisoner-of-war camp. Upon his discharge from the military in 1945 he received the Air Medal and Purple Heart with clusters.
Political career.
After holding various county offices, Talcott was elected to the 88th United States Congress as a Republican and served an additional seven terms (January 3, 1963 – January 3, 1977) before losing his seat in 1976 to Leon Panetta. Since then Talcott has worked on a variety of private and public legislative work.
Personal life.
He currently (Feb. 2014) resides in Tacoma, Washington with his son and daughter-in-law, Ron & "Gigi" Talcott. He was elected to serve on the Charter Review Commission Dist. 7 Pos. 3 of Pierce County.

</doc>
<doc id="5914468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914468" title="Grown Ups (1997 TV series)">
Grown Ups (1997 TV series)

Grown Ups is a British television sitcom aired by the BBC in 1997. Written by Paul Makin, it ran for a total of six episodes.
The series featured a group of friends from University who had stayed together 15 years later. Jim and Clare got married, so too did Bob and Mel. They were all trying to stay like their younger selves of 15 years ago.
The cast were Penny Bunton as Mel, Tony Gardner as Murray, Pippa Haywood as Claire, Andrew Powell as Martin, James Simmons as Jim, and Jason Watkins as Bob. The series was directed by Angela De Chastelai Smith and produced by Esta Charkham. Executive Producers for the series were Claire Hinson, plus "Birds of a Feather"'s Laurence Marks and Maurice Gran.

</doc>
<doc id="5914480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914480" title="Holarchaeidae">
Holarchaeidae

The Holarchaeidae are a spider family with only two described species in one genus.
They are only up to 1.5mm in size and shiny black to beige in color. Together with the Uloboridae and possibly the Mesothelae, they are one of three taxa of spiders known to lack venom glands.
Distribution.
Holarchaeid spiders are known only from the forests of Tasmania and New Zealand, where they live in microhabitats with consistently high humidity.
Species.
"Holarchaea" Forster, 1955

</doc>
<doc id="5914488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914488" title="Cedric van der Gun">
Cedric van der Gun

Cedric van der Gun (born 5 May 1979 in The Hague) is a Dutch football Winger who is currently without a club after being released by FC Utrecht.
Career.
Van der Gun started his career at FC Den Bosch where he made his debut in the Eredivisie in the 1999–2000 season. In the 1998–99 season, he was part of the senior squad of AFC Ajax, but did not play.
In the summer of 2000, Van der Gun was brought back to Ajax, where he made the breakthrough, but the following season was not so satisfactory, so he was loaned to Willem II. 
He then played for ADO Den Haag.
In 2005, he was signed by Borussia Dortmund. His first game for Dortmund was for the reserve team against FC Gütersloh 2000 in August 2005. At the club, he was on the wings with David Odonkor, Salvatore Gambino and Delron Buckley. On 28 August 2005, he debuted in the Bundesliga on matchday three in a 1–1 draw against MSV Duisburg. The former Dortmund coach Bert van Marwijk replaced him in the 62nd Minute for Euzebiusz Smolarek. On 11 September 2005, the following matchday, he suffered in the match against the 1. FC Köln a torn ACL and was out for months. This injury threw him far behind. On the last matchday he gave his comeback but his expiring contract was not renewed. 
After a season with injury problems at the German side, he returned to the Netherlands for FC Utrecht. The was also plagued with injuries. In the 2008–09 season, he was able to put his skills to the test when he scored ten goals in 21 games.
In September 2009, he signed a one-year contract with Swansea City with a 12 month extension option. This was his first period in the United Kingdom. He scored his first goal for the Swans against Scunthorpe United on 31 October 2009. He was released by Swansea City at the end of the 2010–11 season, following Swansea's promotion to the Premier League. 
After seven months without a club, Van Der Gun rejoined his former club Utrecht until the end of the season. In addition, the club has an option to extend the contract by one year in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="5914494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914494" title="Small-mouth salamander">
Small-mouth salamander

The small-mouth salamander (Ambystoma texanum) is a species of mole salamander found in the central United States, from the Great Lakes region in Michigan to Nebraska, south to Texas, and east to Tennessee, with a population in Canada, in Pelee, Ontario. It is sometimes referred to as the Texas salamander, porphyry salamander, or the narrow-mouthed salamander. The Kelley’s Island salamander ("Ambystoma nothagenes") was synonymized with "A. texanum" in 1995.
Description.
The small-mouth salamander grows from 4.5 to 7.0 in. It is typically black or dark brown in color with light-grey or silvery-colored flecking, or grey blotching. It has a fairly small head, relative to its body, and a long tail. Males are typically smaller than females. Their bellies are black, often with tiny flecks, and have 14 to 15 costal grooves.
Behavior.
Small-mouth salamanders are nocturnal, often subterranean, preferring moist habitats near permanent bodies of water. Breeding occurs in the spring, with groups of salamanders congregating near the water. Females can lay up to 700 eggs, which they attach in small clumps of up to 30 eggs at a time, to rocks or vegetation under the water. Their diets include insects, slugs, and earthworms. Larvae hatch at 0.5 in (13 mm); they metamorphisize in May to June at about 1.6 in (40 mm). When disturbed, the small-mouth salamander raises its tail and waves it back and forth. Being shy and sensitive, it shares breeding pools with larger spotted salamanders and marbled salamanders.
Habitat and range.
Small-mouth salamanders live in moist pine woodlands and deciduous forest bottomlands, tallgrass prairies, farming areas, near temporary ponds, and along streams. Their range is from Ohio south to the Gulf of Mexico, west to Kansas, Oklahoma, and Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="5914496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914496" title="Spin-transfer torque">
Spin-transfer torque

Charge carriers (such as electrons) have a property known as spin which is a small quantity of angular momentum intrinsic to the carrier. An electrical current is generally unpolarized (consisting of 50% spin-up and 50% spin-down electrons); a spin polarized current is one with more electrons of either spin. By passing a current through a thick magnetic layer, one can produce a spin-polarized current. If a spin-polarized current is directed into a magnetic layer, angular momentum can be transferred to the layer, changing its orientation. This can be used to excite oscillations or even flip the orientation of the magnet. The effects are usually only seen in nanometer scale devices.
Spin-transfer torque memory.
Spin-transfer torque can be used to flip the active elements in magnetic random-access memory. Spin-transfer torque random-access memory (STT-RAM) has the advantages of lower power consumption and better scalability over conventional magnetoresistive random-access memory (MRAM) which uses magnetic fields to flip the active elements. The name STT-RAM was first coined by Grandis, Inc. Spin-transfer torque technology has the potential to make possible MRAM devices combining low current requirements and reduced cost; however, the amount of current needed to reorient the magnetization is at present (2008) too high for most commercial applications, and the reduction of this current density alone is the basis for current academic research in spin electronics.
Hynix Semiconductor and Grandis formed a partnership in April 2008 to explore commercial development of STT-RAM technology. On August 1, 2011, Grandis announced that it had been purchased by Samsung Electronics for an undisclosed sum.
Hitachi and Tohoku University demonstrated a 32-Mbit STT-RAM in June 2009.
In 2011, Qualcomm presented a 1 Mbit Embedded STT-MRAM, manufactured in TSMC's 45 nm LP technology at the Symposium on VLSI Circuits.
Other companies working on STT-RAM include Everspin Technologies, Crocus Technology and Spin Transfer Technologies. In May 2011, Russian Nanotechnology Corp. announced an investment of $300 million in Crocus Nano Electronics (a joint venture with Crocus Technology) which will build an MRAM factory in Moscow, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="5914515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914515" title="Lee Aronsohn">
Lee Aronsohn

Lee Aronsohn (born December 15, 1952) is a television writer, composer and producer.
He has written for some very successful sitcoms, such as "The Love Boat", "Who's the Boss?", "Murphy Brown", "Grace Under Fire", "The Big Bang Theory", and "Cybill".
In 2003, he co-created the sitcom "Two and a Half Men" and wrote the original music for the series as well. Besides writing scripts, Aronsohn has also worked as executive producer and directs one show per season. He is also executive producer and writer for "The Big Bang Theory".

</doc>
<doc id="5914524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914524" title="Wahrmann">
Wahrmann

Wahrmann is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5914525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914525" title="Rekel">
Rekel

Rekel () or Lang Rekel (plural rekelech) is a type of coat worn mainly by Hasidic Jewish men during the Jewish work-week (Sunday-Friday). 
Rekelech are generally made of a black or navy wool blend or of worsted wool. Today some are made of 100% polyester. Many Hasidim in the past did not wear wool clothing, and the new polyester rekelech actually make it easier to keep this old custom. They tend to be light, and thinner than the average suit coat, since they are generally worn throughout the year. Rekelech are usually sold as part of a suit with matching pants and a vest (waistcoat, זשילעט), though they are also sometimes available as suit separates.
The most common type of rekel is the double-breasted variety, but many other styles exist. These include a single-breasted version (typical of the Breslover Hasidim), and concealed button version, which many Gerer, Bobover and Sanz-Klausenburger Hasidim wear. There is also a single breasted version with a shawl collar and attached gartel. Several styles of unlined rekelech exist, which are typically worn in hot weather, and often conform to the styles noted above. All rekelech share a right over left button style, the opposite of what one would find on most men's clothing. Unlike most long coats rekelech tend not have walking vents, but some of the concealed button and single-breasted rekelech do.
As with most Haredi Jewish clothing today, rekelech may be darkly colored; black and navy blue are favorite color choices. Prior to World War II the most popular color for the rekel was a light grey, but this has fallen into disuse. Pinstripes have always been a common feature on rekelach. In recent times, rekelech with other patterns such as embossed checkers have caught on, particularly with the more colorful Breslov, Bobov, and Sanz-Klausenbug Hasidim. The rekelekh of these groups also tend to use lighter colors than those of other Hasidim, ranging anywhere from black to lighter shades of midnight blue.
Prior to the use of the rekel as standard Hasidic garb, Hasidic coats were generally buttonless, white robes with black or multi-color stripes, held together by a gartel. The change in Hasidic dress occurred towards the end of the 19th century, when the Jewish Emancipation became successful. The old style is still maintained by many communities in Jerusalem, even non-Hasidic ones. 
Though the rekel was intended for weekday use, some Hasidim wear one on Shabbat. A proper Shabbat coat is called a bekishe in Hungarian. A bekishe is usually made of polyester or silk.

</doc>
<doc id="5914527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914527" title="Michael Row the Boat Ashore">
Michael Row the Boat Ashore

"Michael, Row the Boat Ashore" (or "Michael Rowed the Boat Ashore" or "Michael, Row Your Boat Ashore" or "Michael Row That Gospel Boat") is a African American spiritual. It was first noted during the American Civil War at St. Helena Island, one of the Sea Islands of South Carolina.
It was sung by former slaves whose owners had abandoned the island before the Union navy arrived to enforce a blockade. Charles Pickard Ware, an abolitionist and Harvard graduate who had come to supervise the plantations on St. Helena Island from 1862 to 1865, wrote the song down in music notation as he heard the freedmen sing it. Ware's cousin, William Francis Allen, reported in 1863 that while he rode in a boat across Station Creek, the former slaves sang the song as they rowed.
The song was first published in "Slave Songs of the United States", by Allen, Ware, and Lucy McKim Garrison, in 1867.
Lyrics.
The oldest published version of the song runs in a series of unrhymed couplets:
As this song originated in oral tradition, there are many versions of the lyrics. It begins with the refrain, "Michael, row the boat ashore, Hallelujah." The lyrics describe crossing the River Jordan, as in these lines from Pete Seeger's version:
The River Jordan, the place where Jesus was baptised, can be viewed as a metaphor for deliverance and salvation, but also, as the boundary of the Promised Land, death and the transition to Heaven.
Interestingly, on his album "Midnight Special", Harry Belafonte sang a rendition that combines the Christian, American slavery and 1960s Civil Rights traditions. The lyrics work their way through different parts of the Biblical narrative before concluding with the following verses:
According to Allen, the song refers to the Archangel Michael. In Christian tradition, Michael is often regarded as a psychopomp, or conductor of the souls of the dead.
Recordings.
The version of "Michael, Row the Boat Ashore" that is widely known today was adapted by Boston folksinger and teacher Tony Saletan, who taught it to Pete Seeger in 1954. One of the earliest recordings of the song is by folksinger Bob Gibson, who included it on his 1957 "Carnegie Concert" album. After The Weavers included an arrangement in "The Weavers' Song Book", published in 1960, the American folk quintet The Highwaymen had a #1 hit on both the pop and easy listening charts in the U.S. with it (under the simpler title of "Michael") in 1960; this version also went to #1 in the United Kingdom. Lonnie Donegan reached #6 in the UK Singles Chart with his cover version in 1961. Harry Belafonte recorded a popular version of it for his 1962 "Midnight Special" album; Pete Seeger included it in his "Children's Concert at Town Hall" in 1963. Trini Lopez had a hit with it in 1964. The Israeli-French singer Rika Zaraï also recorded a French version under the title "Michaël" in 1964. Richard Jon Smith's version spent nine weeks at #1 in South Africa. German disco group Dschinghis Khan recorded a version of it in 1981. In 1993, the Cedarmont Kids recorded the song on their album "Sunday School Songs."
The Smothers Brothers did a fairly straightforward version of the song on their album "It Must Have Been Something I Said!", before turning it into a comic sing-along on "Golden Hits of the Smothers Brothers, Vol. 2" (which is also included on their album "").
Sule Greg Wilson produced a version based upon Allen/Ware/Garrison, as well as Row, Michael Row, by Jane Hunter and Moving Star Hall singers. Featuring Tuscarora vocalist Pura Fé (with Wilson on instruments and background vocals), this version was used for the end credits of "The Librarian and the Banjo", Jim Carrier's 2013 film on Dena Epstein, author of the book, "Sinful Tunes and Spirituals".

</doc>
<doc id="5914541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914541" title="Evolution of ageing">
Evolution of ageing

Enquiry into the evolution of aging aims to explain why almost all living things weaken and die with age. There is not yet agreement in the scientific community on a single answer. The evolutionary origin of senescence remains a fundamental unsolved problem in biology.
Historically, ageing was first likened to "wear and tear": living bodies get weaker just as with use a knife's edge becomes dulled or with exposure to air and moisture iron objects rust. But this idea was discredited in the 19th century when the second law of thermodynamics was formalized. Entropy (disorder) must increase inevitably "within a closed system", but living beings are not closed systems. It is a defining feature of life that it takes in free energy from the environment and unloads its entropy as waste. Living systems can even build themselves up from seed, and routinely repair themselves. There is no thermodynamic necessity for senescence. In addition, generic damage or "wear and tear" theories could not explain why biologically similar organisms (e.g. mammals) exhibited such dramatically different life spans. Furthermore, this initial theory failed to explain why most organisms maintain themselves so efficiently until adulthood and then, after reproductive maturity, begin to succumb to age-related damage.
History.
August Weismann was responsible for interpreting and formalizing the mechanisms of Darwinian evolution in a modern theoretical framework. In 1889, he theorized that aging was part of life's program because the old need to remove themselves from the theatre to make room for the next generation, sustaining the turnover that is necessary for evolution. This theory again has much intuitive appeal, but it suffers from having a teleological or goal-driven explanation. In other words, a "purpose" for aging has been identified, but not a "mechanism" by which that purpose could be achieved. Aging may have this advantage for the long-term health of the community; but that doesn't explain how individuals would acquire the genes that make them get old and die, or why individuals that had aging genes would be more successful than other individuals lacking such genes. (In fact, there is every reason to think that the opposite is true: aging "decreases" individual fitness.) Weismann disavowed his own theory before his life was over.
Theories suggesting that deterioration and death due to aging are a purposeful result of an organism's evolved design (such as Weismann's "programmed death" theory) are referred to as theories of programmed aging or adaptive aging. The idea that the aging characteristic was selected (an adaptation) because of its deleterious effect was largely discounted for much of the 20th century, but is now experiencing a resurgence because of new empirical evidence as well as new thinking regarding the process of evolution.
Mutation accumulation.
The first modern, successful theory of mammal aging was formulated by Peter Medawar in 1952. It formed from discussions in the previous decade with J. B. S. Haldane and the selection shadow concept. Their idea was that aging was a matter of neglect. Nature is a highly competitive place, and almost all animals in nature die before they attain old age. Therefore, there is not much reason why the body should remain fit for the long haul - not much selection pressure for traits that would maintain viability past the time when most animals would be dead anyway, killed by predators or disease or by accident.
Medawar's theory is referred to as "Mutation Accumulation". The mechanism of action involves random, detrimental mutations of a kind that happen to show their effect only late in life. Unlike most detrimental mutations, these would not be efficiently weeded out by natural selection. Hence they would 'accumulate' and, perhaps, cause all the decline and damage that we associate with aging.
Modern genetics science has disclosed a possible problem with the mutation accumulation concept in that it is now known that genes are typically expressed in specific tissues at specific times (see regulation of gene expression). Expression is controlled by some genetic "program" that activates different genes at different times in the normal growth, development, and day-to-day life of the organism. Defects in genes cause problems (genetic diseases) when they are not properly expressed when required. A problem late in life suggests that the genetic program called for expression of a gene only in late life and the mutational defect prevented proper expression. This implies existence of a program that called for different gene expression at that point in life. Why, given Medawar's concept, would there exist genes only needed in late life or a program that called for different expression only in late life? The "maintenance mechanism" theory (discussed below) avoids this problem.
Medawar's concept suggested that the evolution process was affected by the age at which an organism was capable of reproducing. Characteristics that adversely affected an organism prior to that age would severely limit the organism's ability to propagate its characteristics and thus would be highly "selected against" by natural selection. Characteristics that caused the same adverse effects that only appeared well after that age would have relatively little effect on the organism's ability to propagate and therefore might be allowed by natural selection. This concept fit well with the observed multiplicity of mammal life spans (and differing ages of sexual maturity) and is important to all of the subsequent theories of aging discussed below.
Medawar did not suggest that there were fundamental limitations on life span. Organisms exhibiting negligible senescence suggest that aging is not a fundamental limitation, at least not in the scale of mammal life span.
Antagonistic pleiotropy.
Medawar's theory was further developed by George C. Williams in 1957, who noted that senescence may be causing many deaths, even if animals are not 'dying of old age.' In the earliest stages of senescence, an animal may lose a bit of its speed, and then predators will seize it first, while younger animals flee successfully. Or its immune system may decline, and it becomes the first to die of a new infection. Nature is such a competitive place, said Williams, (turning Medawar's argument back at him), that even a little bit of senescence can be fatal; hence natural selection does indeed care; ageing isn't cost-free.
Williams's objection has turned out to be valid: Modern studies of demography in natural environments demonstrate that senescence does indeed make a substantial contribution to the death rate in nature. These observations cast doubt on Medawar's theory. Another problem with Medawar's theory became apparent in the late 1990s, when genomic analysis became widely available. It turns out that the genes that cause ageing are not random mutations; rather, these genes form tight-knit families that have been around as long as eukaryotic life. Baker's yeast, worms, fruit flies, and mice all share some of the same ageing genes.
Williams (1957) proposed his own theory, called "antagonistic pleiotropy". Pleiotropy means one gene that has two or more effects on the phenotype. In antagonistic pleiotropy, one of these effects is beneficial and another is detrimental. In essence this refers to genes that offer benefits early in life, but exact a cost later on. If evolution is a race to have the most offspring the fastest, then enhanced early fertility could be selected even if it came with a price tag that included decline and death later on. Because ageing was a side effect of necessary functions, Williams considered any alteration of the ageing process to be "impossible."
Antagonistic pleiotropy is a prevailing theory today, but this is largely by default, and not because the theory has been well verified. In fact, experimental biologists have looked for the genes that cause ageing, and since about 1990 the technology has been available to find them efficiently. Of the many ageing genes that have been reported, some seem to enhance fertility early in life, or to carry other benefits. But there are other ageing genes for which no such corresponding benefit has been identified. This is not what Williams predicted. This may be thought of as partial validation of the theory, but logically it cuts to the core premise: that genetic trade-offs are the root cause of ageing.
Another difficulty with antagonistic pleiotropy and other theories that suppose that ageing is an adverse side effect of some beneficial function is that the linkage between adverse and beneficial effects would need to be "rigid" in the sense that the evolution process would not be able to evolve a way to accomplish the benefit without incurring the adverse effect even over a very long time span. Such a rigid relationship has not been experimentally demonstrated and, in general, evolution is obviously able to independently and individually adjust myriad organism characteristics.
In breeding experiments, Michael R. Rose selected fruit flies for long life span. Based on antagonistic pleiotropy, Rose expected that this would surely reduce their fertility. His team found that they were able to breed flies that lived more than twice as long as the flies they started with, but to their surprise, the long-lived, inbred flies actually laid more eggs than the short-lived flies. This was another setback for pleiotropy theory, though Rose maintains it may be an experimental artifact.
Disposable soma theory.
A third mainstream theory of ageing, the "Disposable soma" theory, proposed in 1977 by Thomas Kirkwood, presumes that the body must budget the amount of energy available to it. The body uses food energy for metabolism, for reproduction, and for repair and maintenance. With a finite supply of food, the body must compromise, and do none of these things quite as well as it would like. It is the compromise in allocating energy to the repair function that causes the body gradually to deteriorate with age. A caveat to the disposable soma theory suggests that time, rather than energy, is a limiting resource that may be critical to an organism. The concept is that each organism must reproduce in an optimal period in order to ensure the greatest chance of success for the offspring. This optimal period is dictated by the ecological niche of the organism but in essence, it limits the time that any given organism can devote to growth and development prior to bearing offspring. Thus, developmental rate and gestational rate are subject to evolutionary pressure. The need to accelerate gestation limits the time allocated to damage repair at the cellular level, resulting in an accumulation of damage and a decreased lifespan relative to organisms with longer gestation. This concept stems from a comparative analysis of genomic stability in mammalian cells.
The term "disposable soma" came from the analogy with disposable products—why spend money making something durable, if it will
only be used for a limited amount of time?
The disposable soma theory has great appeal because its basis is so sensible and intuitive, but there are arguments against it. The theory clearly predicts that a shortage of food should make the compromise more severe all around; but in many experiments, ongoing since 1930, it has been demonstrated that animals live longer when fed substantially less than controls. This is the caloric restriction (CR) effect, and it cannot be easily reconciled with the Disposable Soma theory. Though by decreasing energy expenditure the damage generated (by free radicals for instance) is expected to be reduced and the total energy budget might indeed be reduced, but the investment in repair function might still be relatively the same. But dietary restriction has not been shown to increase lifetime reproductive success (fitness), because when food availability is lower reproductive output is also lower. So CR does thus not completely dismiss disposable theory.
Experimentally, some animals lose fertility when their life spans are extended by CR and some suffer no appreciable loss. Males, for example, typically remain fertile when underfed, while females do not. And, even females present an enigma because their fertility decline is not tightly coupled to their longevity gain. For example, in female mice that are restricted to 60% of a free-feeding diet, reproduction is shut down altogether. But female life span continues to increase linearly right up to the threshold of starvation - around 30% of free-feeding levels.
A difficulty with the disposable soma theory is that the energy required for maintenance and repair would appear to be relatively minor when compared to the energy required for gestation (repair should take less energy than producing an entire new organism). Yet gestating animals seem able to perform the maintenance while post-reproductive animals do not. A similar difficulty is that male animals seem to have similar life spans as females despite the apparently higher energy requirement for gestation and other reproductive activities.
With respect to such limitations Kriete proposed consideration of systems-level properties like robustness (evolution) to characterize aging as a robustness tradeoff. According to this concept living systems evolve into a state of highly optimized tolerance promoting traits beneficial for survival and fitness at the cost of fragilities driving the aging phenotype. The view is compatible with aspects of the antagonistic pleiotropy and the disposable soma theory, but offers additional mechanisms rooted in complex systems theory.
Other problems with the classical ageing theories.
A raised criticism for all three mainstream theories based on classical evolutionary process concepts is the potential existence of 'deliberate' metabolic mechanisms that work to promote death.
One is "apoptosis", or programmed cell death. Apoptosis is responsible for killing infected cells, cancerous cells and cells that are simply in the wrong place during development. There are clear benefits to apoptosis, so the existence of apoptosis isn't a problem for evolutionary theory. The problem is that apoptosis seems to ramp up late in life and kill healthy cells, causing weakness and degeneration. And, paradoxically, apoptosis has been observed as a kind of 'altruistic suicide' in colonies of yeast under stress. This seems to be a direct hint that senescence arose because it conferred a direct evolutionary advantage, rather than some kind of side effect of genes that have other evolutionary advantages (pleiotropy).
A second 'deliberate' mechanism is called "replicative senescence" or cellular senescence. Metaphorically, a cell may be said to 'count' (with its "telomeres") the number of times that it has divided, and after a set number of replications, it languishes and dies. It has been proposed that this mechanism evolved to suppress cancer. Many invertebrates experience replicative senescence, though they never die of cancer. Even one-celled organisms count replications, and will die if they don't replenish their telomeres with conjugation (sex).
More strictly, of course, cells cannot 'count' the number of times they have divided. Telomeres are not a counting mechanism, though they may be used to indicate the number of times a particular chromosome has been replicated. Cellular processes for genetic material replication occurs in both directions along DNA, 5' to 3' and on the other strand, 3' to 5'. As the 3' to 5' end is impossible for DNA polymerase to grab at the 1 base pair mark, a handful of basepairs (10-15) are cut off each replication. Over time, this cutting short of the DNA results in no telomeres, and the cell is unable to replicate that chromosome without cutting into genes.
The dilemma is that classical evolutionary theory says that what is maintained in a lineage is that which ensures the viability of an organism and its offspring. Ageing can only cut off an individual's capacity to reproduce. So, according to classical theory, ageing could "only" evolve as a side effect, or epiphenomenon of selection. The disposable soma theory and antagonistic pleiotropy theory are examples in which a compensating individual benefit, compatible with classical evolution theory (See neo-Darwinism and modern evolutionary synthesis) is proposed. Nevertheless, there is accumulated evidence that ageing looks like an adaptation in its own right, selected for its own sake.
Semelparous organisms and others that die suddenly following reproduction (e.g. salmon, octopus, marsupial mouse (Brown Antechinus), etc.) also represent instances of organisms who incorporate a life span limiting feature. Sudden death is more obviously an instance of programmed death or a purposeful adaptation than gradual ageing. Biological elements clearly associated with evolved mechanisms such as hormone signalling have been identified in the death mechanisms of organisms such as the octopus.
Impact of new evolution concepts on ageing theories.
At the time most of the non-programmed ageing theories were developed there was very little scientific disagreement with classical theories (i.e. Neo-Darwinism or modern evolutionary synthesis) regarding the process of evolution. However, in addition to suicidal behaviour of semelparous species (not handled by the classical ageing theories) other apparently individually adverse organism characteristics such as altruism and sexual reproduction were observed. In response to these "other" conflicts, adjustments to classical theory were proposed:
Ageing theories based on group selection.
Group selection is often criticized to be too slow to happen in real biology. However, Jiang-Nan Yang recently showed with an individual-based model that the evolution of altruistic aging occurs under fairly general conditions by kin/group selection. Group selection can be based on population viscosity (limited offspring dispersal, first proposed by Hamilton (1964) for kin selection) that is widely present in natural populations. This population structure builds a continuum between individual selection, kin selection, kin group selection and group selection without a clear boundary for each level. Although early theoretical models by D.S. Wilson et al. (1992) and Taylor (1992) showed that pure population viscosity cannot lead to cooperation/altruism because of the exact cancelling out of the benefit of kin cooperation and the cost of kin competition, this exact cancelling out also suggests that any additional benefit of local cooperation would be sufficient for the evolution of cooperation. Mitteldorf and D.S. Wilson (2000) later showed that if the population is allowed to fluctuate, then local populations can temporarily store the benefit of local cooperation and promote the evolution of altruism. By assuming individual differences in adaptations, Yang (2013) further showed that the benefit of local altruism can be stored in the form of offspring quality and thus promote the evolution of altruistic aging even if the population does not fluctuate, this is because local competition among the young will result in an increased average local inherited fitness of survived progenies after the elimination of the less adapted by natural selection, since the young do not have strong age-associated abilities and have to depend more on inherited abilities to compete. In Yang (2013)'s model, altruistic aging is stabilized by higher-level selection instead of just kin selection.
Mitteldorf proposed a group benefit of a limited life span involving regulation of population dynamics. Populations in nature are subject to boom and bust cycles. Often overpopulation can be punished by famine or by epidemic. Either one could wipe out an entire population. Senescence is a means by which a species can 'take control' of its own death rate, and level out the boom-bust cycles. This story may be more plausible than the Weismann hypothesis as a mechanistic explanation, because it addresses the question of how group selection can be rapid enough to compete with individual selection.
Libertini also suggests benefits for adaptive ageing.
Inversely, within a "Negative Senescence Theory" R.D. Lee (similarly J.W. Vaupel) considered positive group effects performing a selection force directed to survival beyond the age of fertility. Often also postreproductive individuals make intergenerational transfers: bottlenose dolphins and pilot whales guard their grandchildren; there is cooperative breeding in some mammals, many insects and about 200 species of birds; sex differences in the survival of anthropoid primates tend to correlate with the care to offspring; or an Efe infant is often attended by more than 10 people. Lee developed a formal theory
integrating selection due to transfers (at all ages) with selection due to fertility.
Ageing theories based on evolvability.
Goldsmith proposed that in addition to increasing the generation rate and thereby evolution rate a limited life span improves the evolution process by limiting the ability of older individuals to dominate the gene pool. Further, the evolution of characteristics such as intelligence and immunity may specially require a limited life span because otherwise acquired characteristics such as experience or exposure to pathogens would tend to override the selection of the beneficial inheritable characteristic. An older and more experienced but less intelligent animal would have a fitness advantage over a younger more intelligent animal except for the effects of ageing.
Skulachev has suggested that programmed ageing assists the evolution process by providing a gradually increasing challenge or obstacle to survival and reproduction and therefore enhancing the selection of beneficial characteristics. In this sense ageing would act in a manner similar to that of mating rituals that take the form of contests or trials that must be overcome in order to mate (another individually adverse observation). This suggests an advantage of gradual ageing over sudden death as a means of life span regulation.
Weissmann's 1889 ageing theory was essentially an evolvability theory. Ageing or otherwise purposely limited life span helps evolution by freeing resources for younger, and therefore presumably better adapted individuals.
Yang (2013)'s model is also based on mechanisms of evolvability. Aging accelerates the accumulation of novel adaptive genes in local populations. However, Yang changed the terminology of "evolvability" into "genetic creativity" throughout his paper to facilitate the understanding of how aging can have a shorter-term benefit than the word "evolvability" would imply.
Ageing mechanism concepts.
If organisms purposely limit their life spans via ageing or semelparous behaviour, the associated evolved mechanisms could be very complex just as mechanisms that provide for mentation, vision, digestion, or other biological function are typically very complex. Such a mechanism could involve hormones, signalling, sensing of external conditions, and other complex functions typical of evolved mechanisms. Such complex mechanisms could explain all of the observations of ageing and semelparous behaviours as described below.
It is typical for a given biological function to be controlled by a single mechanism that is capable of sensing the germane conditions and then executing the necessary function. The mechanism signals all the systems and tissues that need to respond to that function by means of organism-wide signals (hormones). If ageing is indeed a biological function we would expect all or most manifestations of ageing to be similarly controlled by a common mechanism. Various observations (listed below) indeed suggest the existence of a common control mechanism.
It is also typical for biological functions to be modulated by or synchronized to external events or conditions. The circadian rhythm and synchronization of mating behaviour to planetary cues are examples. In the case of ageing seen as a biological function, the caloric restriction effect may well be an example of the ageing function being modulated in order to optimize organism life span in response to external conditions. Temporary extension of life span under famine conditions would aid in group survival because extending life span combined with less frequent reproduction would reduce the resources required to maintain a given population.
Theories to the effect that ageing results by default (mutation accumulation) or is an adverse side effect of some other function are logically much more limited and suffer when compared to empirical evidence of complex mechanisms. The choice of ageing theory therefore is logically essentially determined by one's position regarding evolutionary processes and some theorists reject programmed ageing based entirely on evolutionary process considerations.
Maintenance theories of ageing.
It is generally accepted that deteriorative processes (wear, other molecular damage) exist and that living organisms have mechanisms to counter deterioration. Wounds heal; dead cells are replaced; claws regrow.
A non-programmed theory of mammal ageing that fits with classical evolution theory and Medawar's concept is that different mammal species possess different capabilities for maintenance and repair. Longer lived species possess many mechanisms for offsetting damage due to causes such as oxidation, telomere shortening, and other deteriorative processes that are each more effective than those of shorter lived species. Shorter lived species, having earlier ages of sexual maturity, had less need for longevity and thus did not evolve or retain the more effective repair mechanisms. Damage therefore accumulates more rapidly resulting in earlier manifestations and shorter life span. Since there are a wide variety of ageing manifestations that appear to have very different causes, it is likely that there are many different maintenance and repair functions.
A corresponding programmed maintenance theory based on evolvability suggests that the repair mechanisms are in turn controlled by a common control mechanism capable of sensing conditions such as caloric restriction and also capable of producing the specific life span needed by the particular species. In this view the differences between short and long lived species are in the control mechanisms as opposed to each individual maintenance mechanism.
Problems with programmed aging theories.
Contrary to the theory of programmed death by aging, individuals from a single species usually live much longer in a protected (laboratory, domestic, civilized environment) than in their wild (natural) environment, reaching ages that would be otherwise practically impossible. Also, in majority of species there doesn't exist any critical age after which death rates change dramatically as intended by the programmed death by aging theory, but the age-dependence of death rates is very smooth and monotonic. However, as mentioned above, V.P. Skulachev explained that a process of gradual aging has the advantage of facilitating selection for useful traits by allowing old individuals with a useful trait to live longer. It is also easy to imagine that animals with gradual aging will live longer in a protected environment.
The death rates at extreme old ages start to slow down, which is the opposite of what would be expected if death by aging was programmed. From an individual-selection point of view, having genes that would not result in a programmed death by aging would displace genes that cause programmed death by aging as individuals would produce more offspring in their longer lifespan and they could increase the survival of their offspring by providing longer parental support.
Biogerontology considerations.
Theories of aging affect efforts to understand and find treatments for age-related conditions (see biogerontology):

</doc>
<doc id="5914556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914556" title="Frank Bernardi">
Frank Bernardi

Frank Dominic Bernardi (born June 17, 1933 in Highwood, Illinois) is a former American football defensive back who played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL). He played college football at the University of Colorado at Boulder. A 4th round selection (38th overall pick) in the 1955 NFL Draft, Bernardi played for the NFL's Chicago Cardinals from 1955 through 1958, and for the AFL's Denver Broncos in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="5914564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914564" title="Pararchaeidae">
Pararchaeidae

The Pararchaeidae are a spider family with 34 described species in seven genera.
Distribution.
These species occur only in Australia and New Zealand.
Genera.
"Anarchaea" Rix, 2006
"Flavarchaea" Rix, 2006
"Forstrarchaea" Rix, 2006
"Nanarchaea" Rix, 2006
"Ozarchaea" Rix, 2006
"Pararchaea" Forster, 1955
"Westrarchaea" Rix, 2006

</doc>
<doc id="5914590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914590" title="Tell Me Who You Are (Malene song)">
Tell Me Who You Are (Malene song)

"Tell Me Who You Are" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in English by Malene.
The song was performed in Danish at Dansk Melodi Grand Prix in 2002, titled "Vis mig hvem du er".
The song was performed fourteenth on the night, following Finland's Laura with "Addicted To You" and preceding Bosnia and Herzegovina's Maja Tatić with "Na jastuku za dvoje". At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing 24th (last) in a field of 24. This is the worst result Denmark has ever had. For her Eurovision appearance, Malene wore a red top and skirt. 
The song is a plea from a woman to her lover for him to "tell me who you are" in order to help them move forwards in their relationship.
Due to the poor placing, Denmark was not invited to participate in the 2003 contest, but was permitted to return in the next year's show. Thus, it was succeeded as Danish representative at the 2004 contest by Thomas Thordarsson with "Shame on You".

</doc>
<doc id="5914620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914620" title="Society of Tribologists and Lubrication Engineers">
Society of Tribologists and Lubrication Engineers

The Society of Tribologists and Lubrication Engineers or "STLE" is a technical society that serves the needs of more than 10,000 individuals and 150 companies and organizations that comprise the tribology and lubrication engineering business sector, bringing together managers, engineers, scientists, technicians, academics, and government institutions from around the world to learn and share the “best practices” for the tribology and lubrication fields.
This professional organization's stated mission is to advance the science of tribology and the practice of lubrication engineering in order to foster innovation, improve the performance of equipment and products, conserve resources and protect the environment. Its stated vision is to be a leader in the global network of individuals, institutions, societies and corporate entities with a common interest in advancing the science of tribology and the practice of lubrication engineering.
This international and interdisciplinary society operates from its . headquarters building located in Park Ridge, Illinois, a suburb located fifteen miles (24 km) northwest of downtown Chicago, where staff focus on areas of membership, certification, technical information and training, and publications to better support its members who influence the worldwide communities affected by tribology and lubricants.
History.
STLE is an individual membership society focusing on professional, technical and scientific issues and needs. It was founded on March 3, 1944, in Chicago as the American Society of Lubrication Engineers (ASLE). From these early days, into the 1980s, the organization’s primary audience was plant engineers in charge of lubrication for production equipment at major facilities like auto plans or steel mills. Major activities were technical conferences, peer-reviewed publishing and educational activities.
To adapt and reflect evolving market and audience needs, the organization’s membership voted in 1987 to change the name to Society of Tribologists and Lubrication Engineers (STLE). This acknowledged a growing international participation and appealed to a more diverse audience that encompassed many aspects of engineering and tribology, as well as the traditional base of lubrication engineers and suppliers of liquid lubricants.
Organization.
STLE is incorporated in the State of Illinois. Structure and governance procedures are defined in a Constitution and Bylaws, which have recently been updated and revised. In addition, a strategic plan directs the ongoing activities of the Society. Annual budget is approximately $2.25 million.
STLE’s elected leadership is provided by a 24-member Board of Directors. The President, who serves a one-year term, is the organization’s chief elected officer and the chairman of the Board of Directors.
Complementing and extending the work of the Board is an impressive volunteer network that includes hundreds of individuals serving in a variety of ways. This might include participation in one of 23 technical committees and councils, an administrative committee, serving as an associate editor or reviewer for a Society journal or local Section activity.
Working in concert with the elected leadership and volunteers is a 9-person professional staff who work out of its headquarters in Park Ridge.
STLE is recognized by the US Internal Revenue Service as a 501(c)(3)non-profit organization.
Membership.
Membership in the STLE is open to anyone involved with tribology and lubrication issues, especially as they apply to industrial production and who want to acknowledge their professionalism and focus in these fields. There are 4 ways for an individual to become a member of the STLE; corporate membership, regular membership, associate membership, and student membership.
Corporate membership provides opportunities for industry to stay at the forefront of their field. Included in this membership is the membership magazine TLT, plus online access to the full archives of Tribology Transactions and Tribology Letters. Also included are two free admissions to the annual meeting including two education courses. Corporate members receive discounts on exhibit booth space and Commercial Marketing Forum registrations, and are listed in the STLE Online Corporate Member Directory.
Regular membership is available to the technical individual with an engineering or science degree or equivalent experience. Membership carries voting privileges and leadership opportunities on both the national and local levels, such as involvement in various committees through the organization or one of the local sections.
Associate membership is open regardless of experience or educational background to anyone with an interest in lubrication engineering. Associate membership carries voting privileges and leadership opportunities on the local level, such as a local section of the STLE organization.
Student membership is available for interested students studying in one of the education fields of lubrication engineering at a collegiate level, whether they be undergraduate or graduate and offers discounts for various STLE events, such as registration to the Annual Meeting or International Joint Tribology conferences each year.
Publications.
STLE's magazine "Tribology & Lubrication Technology" or TLT and its two scholarly journals, "Tribology Transactions" and "Tribology Letters" are sources for technical and scientific information and peer-reviewed research papers, known throughout the tribology and lubrication industries. On top of these significant publications, STLE also offers a monthly e-newsletter that can be accessed on the organization's website.
Tribology & Lubrication Technology is the official monthly magazine of STLE and is provided free as part of STLE membership. TLT was created to aid in the technical education and professional development of STLE members and industry colleagues. Each issue is filled with feature articles, case studies, best practice analysis, industry surveys, interviews with leading professionals, resources, lubrication fundamentals and more. TLT published its first issue in October 2003 and in June 2009 the magazine went digital, allowing for a total circulation of more than 13,000 print and online readers and articles that can be translated into 38 languages.
Tribology Transactions features scientific and technical papers in the field of tribology. Since its inception in 1957, the quarterly journal has published more than 2,000 papers of relevance to a wide variety of industries. Transactions is read and referenced by nearly 1,000 leaders in the field of tribology research in countries around the world.
Tribology Letters is devoted to the development of the science of tribology and its applications. It serves as a depository for new information on the properties of surfaces and interfaces in relative motion, among which are friction, lubrication, wear, adhesion, failure and contact phenomena. The journal facilitates communication and exchange of seminal ideas among thousands of practitioners who are engaged worldwide in the pursuit of tribology-based science and technology. Coverage spans all areas of industrial and academic tribology. Tribology Letters fosters the cross-fertilization of ideas by rapid dissemination of the results of frontier research and development
Education and certification.
Professional development activities are at the heart of the STLE's programs. Technical professionals working in tribology and the lubricants industry expect that organizations like the STLE will remain as their primary source of continuing education. The STLE offers educational programs in several different venues and formats, such as the annual meeting, local sections, online education, certifications, and education partners.
The Annual Meeting is a week long conference that occurs each May in various cities across the U.S., where one-day technical education courses are taught by professionals who have in-depth knowledge of current trends in their respective fields. Local Sections often conduct education days during the year, using a format similar to the Annual Meeting courses. The STLE also implementing online education in 2010 to the betterment of its members and it also works in conjunction with Education partners who have recommended training programs to further the success of the individual in the lubrication industry.
The STLE is also to offer credentialing in 3 areas of expertise with sponsored certifications exams. These certifications are designed to be consistent with the standards of the National Organization for Competency Assurance (NOCA), ISO 17024, and also distinguish between a credible real professional and a “self-proclaimed” expert. These 3 exams are the Certified Lubrication Specialist (CLS), Oil Monitoring Analyst (OMA I and OMA II), and Certified Metalworking Fluids Specialist (CMFS).
Certified Lubrication Specialist (CLS) is the only independent certification for the lubrication professional that verifies your broad lubrication engineering knowledge. Certification recognizes those individuals who possess current knowledge of lubrication fundamentals and best practices in lubrication maintenance in industrial settings. Certified individuals must have at least three years of experience in the field of lubrication.
Oil Monitoring Analyst (OMA) is the certification for the Predictive Maintenance Professional that demonstrates competence in the field of machinery oil monitoring. Oil monitoring in this context consists of sampling and analyzing the oil properties to assess whether the oil needs service and/or to assess the mechanical health of the equipment being monitored. There are two types of OMA certifications. OMA I is for the oil sampler, the individual on the shop floor with responsibility for sampling the oil and the overall care of the equipment. OMA II is for the oil analyzer, the individual in the laboratory responsible for properly running the appropriate tests, data interpretation, program management, and related activities.
Certified Metalworking Fluids Specialist (CMFS) verifies knowledge, experience and education in this specialized and growing field. The certification is intended for individuals with overall responsibility for metal removal or forming fluids management; for specialists with on-site responsibility for metal removal or forming systems, and for others involved with research, instruction, evaluation, analysis, selection, technical management, application and handling of metalworking fluids and related materials.

</doc>
<doc id="5914679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914679" title="Shawnee Park">
Shawnee Park

Shawnee Park is a municipal park in Louisville, Kentucky. It was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted, who designed 18 of the city's 123 public parks. Along with the rest of the city's Olmsted-designed park system, Shawnee Park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
History.
Shawnee Park was proposed in 1890 to be one of the three flagship parks in Louisville's new park system. All three were located on the geographic edges of the city, in Shawnee's case it was the western edge bordering the Ohio River. The land at the time was still mostly used for truck farms, but it was clear residential development was imminent even without the park. Shawnee was the slowest of the parks to develop, as much of the land was already owned by investors who figured they could increase the sale price by holding out.
The city had to condemn the properties to acquire the land for park, and won its case in 1895. In 1896, the city began to create access to the park, another area in which Shawnee was lagging behind the other two parks. River Park Drive was paved in 1899, but the Broadway entrance remained unfinished until 1914.
The Olmsted firm initially advised the city not to build a golf course at Shawnee Park due to the "grave danger to visitors in the park and especially the children" but demand was such that the course was built anyway in 1927.
All three parks had the intended effect of spurring residential development near them. The interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments, as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best. Dozens of subdivisions were built near Shawnee Park, and the neighborhood itself came to be called Shawnee.
Shawnee Park was legally restricted to whites from 1924 to 1954, although park officials and police had a de facto policy of denying blacks access to the park for some years prior to that. The only sizable park blacks were allowed access to was nearby Chickasaw Park, which many people entered by traveling through Shawnee.
Features.
Great Lawn.
Although now overshadowed by the Louisville Waterfront Park, Shawnee boasts an expansive Great Lawn which is very useful for formal gatherings. The Great Lawn, the principal feature of the park, is enclosed by plantings and a circular drive that is lined with trees.
Riverwalk Trail.
Louisville's Riverwalk Trail, which passes through Shawnee Park, extends across Louisville's waterfront, which is an extensive, mostly flat pedestrian pathway. The one-way distance between the Belvedere and Shawnee Park is .

</doc>
<doc id="5914684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914684" title="Denys–Drash syndrome">
Denys–Drash syndrome

Denys–Drash syndrome (DDS) or Drash syndrome is very rare disorder or syndrome characterized by gonadal dysgenesis, nephropathy and Wilms tumor.
Etiology.
The cause of DDS is most commonly (96% of patients) an abnormality in the WT1 gene (Wilms tumor suppressor gene). These abnormalities include changes in certain exons (9 and 8) and mutations in some alleles of the WT1 gene. Genetically, the syndrome is due to mutations in the Wilms tumor suppressor gene, WT1, is on chromosome 11 (11p13). These mutations are usually found in exons 8 or 9 but at least one has been reported in exon 4.
Presentation and clinical course.
The presenting characteristics of DDS include loss of playfulness, decreased appetite, weight loss, growth delay, abnormal skeletal development, insomnia, abdominal pain, constipation, and anuria. 
Clinically, Denys–Drash is characterized by the triad of pseudohermaphroditism, mesangial renal sclerosis, and Wilms tumor. The condition first manifests as early nephrotic syndrome and progresses to mesangial renal sclerosis and ultimately renal failure, usually within the first three years of life.
History.
P.Denys and Allan L. Drash first described the syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="5914688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914688" title="Mecysmaucheniidae">
Mecysmaucheniidae

The Mecysmaucheniidae are a spider family with 25 described species in seven genera.
Distribution.
Most genera only occur in South America (Chile and Argentina), with two genera endemic to New Zealand.
Species.
The categorization into subfamilies follows Joel Hallan's Biology Catalog.

</doc>
<doc id="5914689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914689" title="Ambystoma talpoideum">
Ambystoma talpoideum

The mole salamander (Ambystoma talpoideum) is a species of salamander found in much of the eastern and central United States, from Florida to Texas, north to Illinois, east to Kentucky, with an isolated population in Virginia. Older sources often refer to this species as the tadpole salamander because some individuals remain in a neotenic state. This salamander lives among the leaf litter on the forest floor, migrating to ponds to breed.
Description.
Mole salamanders are stocky, with short bodies and large heads. They can grow to 10 cm (4 in) in length. They are normally gray or dark brown in color, with darker mottling and lighter gray undersides.
Distribution and habitat.
Mole salamanders are found in south eastern lowland areas of the Gulf Coastal Plains of the United States. Their main range extends from eastern Texas to southern South Carolina and inland as far as southern Illinois. It is absent from southern Florida and Louisiana, and there are separate populations in Kentucky, Virginia, Tennessee, North Carolina, northern South Carolina, northern Georgia and northern Alabama. They inhabit floodplain pine or broadleaf forests, especially near gum and cypress ponds. Adults live under the surface of leaf litter while larvae are aquatic and found in ponds and ephemeral, fish-free waters. 
Behavior.
Primarily nocturnal, the mole salamander is found in habitats of moist forest debris, usually near a permanent source of water. The adult range is up to about and the animals migrate to near bodies of water on rainy nights in winter when the breeding season approaches. The eggs are laid in the spring, during heavy rains. Some larvae undergo metamorphosis while others are neotenic and retain their gills. In larger bodies of water where predatory fish like the bluegill ("(Lepomis macrochirus)") are present, metamorphosis is more common. When attacked, adults and juveniles lower their heads to expose their parotoid glands which exude a noxious secretion. This salamander is an opportunistic feeder, eating almost anything smaller than itself which it can overpower, including various arthropods and tadpoles.
Conservation.
In its Red List of Threatened Species, the IUCN lists "Ambystoma talpoideum" as being "Least Concern" because the population trend is stable. Threats to this species include destruction of the forest habitat, the filling in or deepening of the breeding ponds and the introduction of predatory fish. In Indiana, the mole salamander is listed as an endangered species.

</doc>
<doc id="5914715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914715" title="National league">
National league

The National League is one of the two baseball leagues constituting Major League Baseball in the United States and Canada.
National League can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5914725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914725" title="DiskothiQ">
DiskothiQ

DiskothiQ was an indie rock band from central southern California, led by Peter Hughes. The band released five albums between 1994 and 1999, including "The Football Albums," a double album consisting of one song about each team in the NFL. They are currently inactive, but Peter Hughes has gone on to play bass with The Mountain Goats.

</doc>
<doc id="5914726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914726" title="Shame on You (Thomas Thordarsson song)">
Shame on You (Thomas Thordarsson song)

"Shame on You" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in English by Thomas Thordarson.
The song was performed in Danish at Dansk Melodi Grand Prix in 2004, titled "Sig det' løgn" ("Say it's a lie").
As Denmark had not finished in the top 10 at the 2003 Contest (they had in fact not even been permitted to perform), the song was performed in the semi-final. Here, it was performed nineteenth (following Croatia's Ivan Mikulić with "You Are The Only One" and preceding Serbia and Montenegro's Željko Joksimović & Ad Hoc Orchestra with "Lane Moje"). At the close of voting, it had received 56 points, placing 13th in a field of 22 and missing out on qualification to the final by three places (15 points), thus requiring Denmark to qualify from the semi-final in their next Contest appearance.
The song is sung from the perspective of a man telling his lover that he is tired of the lies on which their relationship is founded. He sings that "you're my fire, you're my desire" in an attempt to keep the relationship alive. While Thordarsson himself is gay, the lyrics do not suggest either a straight or gay relationship.
Musically, the song was originally heavily Latin-inspired, with many reviewers suggesting a similarity between Thordarsson and Ricky Martin. As performed at the Contest, however, much of this influence had been diluted - with commentators remarking that this was due to public pressure in Denmark.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 2005 Contest by Jakob Sveistrup with "Talking to You".

</doc>
<doc id="5914750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914750" title="Peninsula Lake">
Peninsula Lake

Peninsula Lake in the District Municipality of Muskoka, is one of the (North) Muskoka Lakes.
Peninsula Lake is a mid-sized cold-water lake located just east of Huntsville, Ontario. Municipal jurisdiction is split between the Town of Huntsville and the Township of Lake of Bays. The Lake encompasses a surface area of 868.8 ha (8.6 km²) and a total shoreline of 27.4 km. 
The shoreline of Peninsula Lake is generally characterized as being typical of most developed cottage country lakes. The land immediately surrounding Peninsula Lake has predominantly residential uses. However, there are 7 commercial resorts, including Cedar Grove Lodge, one commercial ski hill and one residential condominium. Other resorts on the lake include Deerhurst Resort and Hidden Valley Resort. There are two large islands on the lake. Hills Island, the largest of the two is situated in the central waters and Wolf Island is located in Wolf Bay at the lake's eastern edge.
There is currently no industrial development, although the area has been heavily logged over the past two centuries.
The G8 summit was held on the lake at the Deerhurst Resort from June 25-26, 2010.
The water level of Peninsula Lake is controlled at two points. The first control point, which is the outlet of the lake, is the canal that is located between Fairy and Peninsula Lake. The canal was excavated in 1888 to facilitate access to Peninsula Lake by large steam ships. Before the canal was created the area consisted of a small stream and wetland. The second point is a water control structure located at the outlet of Fairy Lake. This dam was built in 1877 to control the water levels of Fairy and Peninsula Lakes to enhance navigation and logging operations.

</doc>
<doc id="5914752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914752" title="Aintinai Eḻupatu">
Aintinai Eḻupatu

Ainthinai Ezhupathu(Tamil: ஐந்திணை எழுபது), is a Tamil poetic work belonging to the "Pathinenkilkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature, belonging to the 'post Sangam period' corresponding to between 100 – 500 CE. "Ainthinai Ezhupathu" contains seventy poems written by the poet Muvathiyaar.
The poems of "Ainthinai Ezhupathu" deals with the subjective ("agam") concepts. "Agam" in the Sangam literature denotes the subject matters that deal with the intangibles of life such as human emotions, love, separation, lovers' quarrels, etc. The poems of "Ainthinai Ezhupathu" are categorised into fourteen poems for each of the five "thinai", or landscape of Sangam poetry and describe in detail the situation and emotions specific to each landscape. The five landscapes of Sangam poetry are "mullai" – forest, "kurinji" – mountains, "marutham" – farmland, "paalai" – arid land and "neithal" – seashore.

</doc>
<doc id="5914758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914758" title="I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Again Mama!">
I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Again Mama!

"I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Again Mama!" is a 1969 studio album by Janis Joplin. It was the first solo studio album Joplin recorded after leaving Big Brother and the Holding Company.
Record history.
The LP was released on September 11, 1969 and reached gold record status within two months of its release. It was issued by Columbia under #KCS 9913. The first pressing was titled only on the spine and disc labels. Later, the title of the album was added as a sticker designed by R. Crumb and stuck to the shrink wrap. The album was re-released by Columbia as WKPC 9913 and again as PC 9913 both on vinyl. The re-issued album did not have the same title sticker, instead the re-issues had the title printed on the cover and the Sony's "Nice Price" sticker on the shrink wrap. Some of the newer PC 9913 have a bar code. A 180 Gram Limited Edition classic LP high-definition Virgin Heavy Vinyl pressing was also released in 2010. Technically, this album was reissued on vinyl a total of six times. Many collectors are mistaken in thinking the issue that included the R. Crumb sticker was the original issue, it was not. The hard to find original sealed issue is KCS 9913, which had no R. Crumb sticker, and the title was only on the spine of the cover. Columbia Records released as a single Kozmic Blues b/w Little Girl Blue 4-45023, the single peaked at #41 on the US Billboard charts
"I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Again Mama!" also contains the hits "Try (Just A Little Bit Harder)", "Kozmic Blues" and "To Love Somebody". The CD reissue of the album additionally includes the outtake cover of Bob Dylan's "Dear Landlord", with new lyrics and arrangements provided by Joplin, and versions of "Summertime" and "Piece of My Heart" recorded live at Woodstock as bonus tracks. 
Reception.
According to critic Richie Unterberger, the album was poorly reviewed on its initial release, due in part to its shift towards soul/R&B and away from the hard rock/psychedelic sound that brought her to fame with Big Brother and the Holding Company. Over the decades, Unterberger notes that opinions of the album have warmed somewhat and that taken on its own merits the album has its strengths, but he nonetheless describes it as a "flawed" effort due in part to the backing musicians sounding "a little stiff".

</doc>
<doc id="5914791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914791" title="Madison Pride and MAGIC Picnic">
Madison Pride and MAGIC Picnic

Madison Pride and MAGIC Picnic is the yearly celebration of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) residents of Madison, Wisconsin. 
The 2009 version of this event, now entitled "Wisconsin Capitol Pride," will center around the weekend of Saturday and Sunday, August 15 and 16, 2009. (See details and link at bottom of article.)
Origins.
The event is an amalgamation of two LGBT events that had originally been separate, distinct events:
The Pride march and Rally were originally organized by the now defunct GALVAnize organization, an LGBT group; 
The MAGIC Picnic was started by the late Rodney Scheel who owned and operated the Hotel Washington complex of night clubs (which included the establishments The Club DeWash, The New Bar, Rods, The Barbers Closet, etc.), which the community lost in a tragic fire in 1996. The picnic is traditionally held on the third weekend of July although that has been shifted in some years to avoid conflicts with other regional gay events, such as the Gay Games in 2006 when the picnic was held on the second weekend of July. The picnic is traditionally held at Brittingham Park at the junction of Park Street and West Washington Avenue in Madison. 
The acronym MAGIC stands for Madison Area Gay Interim Committee and was also formed partially in response to Anita Bryant's anti-gay campaign of the late 1970s/early 1980s. The MAGIC picnic was also closely associated with the local and national gay volleyball league which usually held a tournament in Madison on the same weekend as the MAGIC picnic
On October 11, 1987, Madison residents Pam Jacobson and Tim O'Brien were separately attending the Second National March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights, greatly inspired by the presence of the more than 500,000 people assembled on the national Mall. Upon returning to Madison, Jacobson explored the possibility of organizing a local march, and began searching for others to help organize the event. At the same time, O'Brien was also discussing the idea of organizing a march. Mutual friends connected O'Brien and Jacobsen, and their meeting resulted in the formation of the Madison Pride March Committee.
It was during the first committee meeting that the name GALVAnize (Gay and Lesbian Visibility Alliance) was selected. During GALVAnize's existence as a group, its goal was to increase awareness about the number of lesbians, gays, and bisexuals in Madison, to work for their civil rights, and to form coalitions with other minority groups in Madison.
GALVAnize held two major marches for Gay and Lesbian Civil Rights in Madison. The first was held on May 6, 1989. The second major march occurred 2½ years later on October 5, 1991. Official attendance estimates for the first march averaged about 7500 people, and about 5000 people at the second march, on a scale roughly comparable to the number of people attending many of the record-setting Madison civil rights and anti-war related marches of the 1960s. Both of these marches were accompanied by several days of associated events, including concerts and workshops, and an exhibition of a major portion of the NAMES Project AIDS Memorial Quilt. Both events were coordinated by a central committee of approximately twenty members that met weekly or twice weekly over a period of many months, and at least a dozen standing and ad hoc committees. Everything was made possible due to the individual contributions of hundreds of volunteers, many volunteering labor equivalent to part-time or even full-time jobs. 
The events served as a catalyst for dozens of positive stories about LGBT people in the local media, and an opportunity to highlight the very visible presence of dozens of LGBT-supportive communities of faith. The marches also featured the very visible support of local government officials, and a wide variety of community nonprofits and for-profit businesses, and formed the foundation for coalition-building efforts in years to come with other groups working for civil rights and social justice. In addition, the accompanying workshops were an incubator for new organizations addressing the needs of a changing community, including a workshop that laid the groundwork for the 200 plus families-strong Lesbian Parents Network and other subsequent parenting groups (such as Rainbow Families), as well as galvanizing LGBT community efforts around support of LGBT youth and associated advocacy efforts in the schools, and efforts to reach out to older LGBT adults, and other diverse LGBT communities. In a city and county that had already seen more than a decade of multiple pioneering successful openly lesbian and gay candidates for local office, the marches also had a marked positive political effect, including boosting efforts at the level of Madison Council and Dane County Board to pass legislation providing some measure of domestic partner benefits. In general, the successful organizing efforts that surrounded these initial marches also provided a positive example of what greater Madison's LGBT community members could accomplish working together—laying the groundwork for the political mobilization and coalition-building work that would eventually lead to the election, from Madison, of the nation's first openly lesbian Congresswoman. 
The first march's rally featured a variety of distinguished speakers, including Madison Alderperson Ricardo Gonzalez (the nation's first openly gay Latino-American elected official), State Rep. David Clarenbach (principal author of Wisconsin's 1982 first-in-the-nation LGBT rights law), and then Dane County Supervisor Tammy Baldwin. Baldwin would later make state history in 1992 as Wisconsin's first openly lesbian/gay member of the state legislature, and then national history in 1998 as the first successful non-incumbent openly gay or lesbian candidate for the U.S. Congress. The second march's rally included a keynote speech by Urvashi Vaid, then director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force.
While each of these major marches in 1989 and 1991 was judged to be extremely successful by most measures, the human and financial resources necessary to continue to produce an ongoing series of events on this scale proved to be prohibitive (which also explains, in part, why the second major march occurred over 2 years after the first). LGBT community leaders believed that an annual event, planned on a more manageable scale, and in collaboration with groups producing longstanding existing LGBT-focused summer events, such as the MAGIC Picnic, would be more sustainable and desirable. While many Pride celebrations nationwide occur during the last weekend in June, in order to coincide with the annual observance of the anniversary of the historic Stonewall Rebellion, Madison organizers decided not to compete with popular celebrations occurring nearby in Chicago and Minneapolis/St. Paul on that same weekend, and decided to hold Madison's pride celebration several weeks later. 
Following that, the March evolved into a more traditional pride parade and was consolidated into the Pride Weekend in 2002. Pride Weekend traditionally consists of the Madison LGBT community center OutReach's annual dinner on Friday (in which community leaders and allies receive recognition for their work), University of Wisconsin–Madison GLBT Alumni breakfast on Saturday or Sunday morning (which also includes a ceremony recognizing distinguished LGBT alumni), the MAGIC picnic on Saturday afternoon, followed by the Pride Parade on Sunday morning and a repeat of the picnic on Sunday afternoon.
2009 UPDATE
Madison's 2009 celebration, now called "Wisconsin Capitol Pride," will occur on Saturday, August 15 and Sunday, August 16. In this 20th anniversary year, the current pride committee will honor the contributions of the founders of Madison's first major march in 1989 (described above), by asking them to serve as parade marshalls. This year's extensive weekend calendar of events, many of them occurring in an expansive new venue on the grounds of the Alliant Energy Center, just off of John Nolen Drive at the Beltline, are described at "The Wisconsin Capitol Pride-mandated wisconsincapitolpride.org website".
Please note that some aspects of the traditional pride weekends described above have broken off, and are now held at other times of year; others have morphed into different types of events. For example, the OutReach Annual Community Awards Dinner (held earlier in 2009 on July 17), will be moving to September 17 in 2010. The University of Wisconsin–Madison LGBT Alumni Association will produce a new special event just prior to this year's pride weekend. Entitled "Alumni Pride Soiree," it runs from 5 to 9pm on Thursday, August 14 in the UW–Madison's Pyle Center, 702 Langdon Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5914796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914796" title="Dicentric chromosome">
Dicentric chromosome

Dicentric chromosome is an aberrant chromosome having two centromeres. Dicentric chromosomes form when two chromosome segments (from different chromosomes or from the two chromatids of a single one), each with a centromere, fuse end to end, with loss of their acentric fragments. Dicentrics, despite their two centromeres, may be mitotically stable if one of the two centromeres is inactivated, or if the two centromeres always coordinate their movement to one or the other pole during anaphase. Such chromosomes are formally called pseudodicentric. The most common pseudodicentrics involve the sex chromosomes or the acrocentric chromosomes (Robertsonian translocation). Evaluation of centromere function by FISH combined with immunofluorescence analysis of centromere and kinetochore proteins is a specialized procedure in some clinical cytogenetics laboratories. 
As telomeres shorten with continued cell divisions, the chromosome-ends fuse forming dicentric chromosomes. This is considered "Crisis" or M2. Most cells in M2 will suffer apotosis.

</doc>
<doc id="5914800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914800" title="Japanese marten">
Japanese marten

The Japanese marten ("Martes melampus") is a mammal in the marten genus most closely related to the sable. It is half a meter (1½ feet) in length on average, not counting a , and between in weight. Males are generally larger than females. The pelage varies in color from dark brown to dull yellow with a cream-colored throat. 
Both males and females are territorial, the size of each individual's territory depending on food availability. The Japanese marten is omnivorous, preferring meat from fish, frogs, and small birds and mammals, but consuming insects, fruit, and seeds when necessary. It sleeps in a den in a hollow tree or a ground burrow.
There are three subspecies of Japanese marten:
Legends.
In the Iga region, Mie Prefecture, there is the saying, "the fox has seven disguises, the tanuki has eight, and the marten has nine," and there is a legend about how the marten has greater ability in shapeshifting than the fox (kitsune) or tanuki. In the Akita Prefecture and the Ishikawa Prefecture, it is said that if a marten crosses in front of someone, it is an omen for bad luck (the weasel has the same kind of legend), and in the Hiroshima Prefecture, it is said that if one kills a marten, one would encounter a fire. In the Fukushima Prefecture, they are also called heko, fuchikari, komono, and haya, and they are said to be those who have died in avalanches in disguise.
In the collection of yōkai depictions, the Gazu Hyakki Yagyō by Sekien Toriyama, they were depicted under the title "鼬," but this was read not as "itachi" but rather "ten," and "ten" are weasels that have reached several years of age and became yōkai that have acquired supernatural powers. In the depiction, several martens have gathered together above a ladder and created a column of fire, and one thing that was feared about them was that if martens that have gathered together in this form appear next to a house, the house would catch on fire.。

</doc>
<doc id="5914814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914814" title="Micropholcommatidae">
Micropholcommatidae

The Micropholcommatidae are a spider family with 33 described species in eight genera. Micropholcommatids are extremely small, with body lengths typically between 0.5 and 2 mm. They are usually found among leaf litter or moss.
Distribution.
Almost all genera are endemic to New Zealand and Australia, with two genera ("Teutoniella", "Tricellina") found in South America.
Taxonomy.
The families Micropholcommatidae and Textricellidae were synonymized with the Symphytognathidae by Forster (1959), but again split from it in 1977. Later they were considered to be only one family, namely Micropholcommatidae, by Platnick & Forster (1986). Although they were synonymized with Anapidae by Schütt (2003), this move was not followed by most authors. The Micropholcommatidae have been assigned to Palpimanoidea, Archaeoidea, and at the latest Araneoidea.
Fossil species.
In 2007 the first fossil species of this family was described from Early Eocene amber (about 53 million years ago), and classified in subfamily Textricellinae. In contrast to living species it was found in the Northern Hemisphere.

</doc>
<doc id="5914818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914818" title="Talking to You">
Talking to You

"Talking to You" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English by Jakob Sveistrup.
The song was performed in Danish at Dansk Melodi Grand Prix in 2005, titled "Tænder på dig" ("Turned on by you").
As Denmark had not finished in the top 10 at the 2004 Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final. Here, it was performed twenty-fourth (following Slovenia's Omar Naber with "Stop" and preceding Poland's Ivan & Delfin with "Czarna dziewczyna"). It received 185 points to place 3rd in the 25-song semi-final and qualify for the final.
In the final, it was performed thirteenth (following Serbia and Montenegro's No Name with "Zauvijek moja" and preceding Sweden's Martin Stenmarck with "Las Vegas". At the close of voting, it had received 125 points, placing 9th in a field of 24 and ensuring that Denmark would remain in the final at their next Contest appearance.
The song itself is a love ballad, with Sveistrup trying to communicate his interest in a woman. He appears quite shy in the lyrics, as he is "talking to you, through my heart".
Musically, the song owes something to the reggae style of music.
The rules of the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix were changed so that songs could be performed in any language, however Jakob Sveistrup, did not take advantage of this and performed his song in Danish at the national finals.
In addition to its Contest performance, the song was performed at some length by Sveistrup and Charlie McGettigan at the Congratulations special in late 2005 as part of a medley of favourites.
The Danish title "Tænder på dig" was actually a line used in the 1997 Danish Eurovision entry Stemmen i mit liv by rapper Kølig Kaj, although the songs clearly have no other connection. 
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 2006 Contest by Sidsel Ben Semmane with "Twist of Love".

</doc>
<doc id="5914823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914823" title="Pellet (ornithology)">
Pellet (ornithology)

A pellet, in ornithology, is the mass of undigested parts of a bird's food that some bird species occasionally regurgitate. The contents of a bird's pellet depend on its diet, but can include the exoskeletons of insects, indigestible plant matter, bones, fur, feathers, bills, claws, and teeth. In falconry, the pellet is called a "casting".
The passing of pellets allows a bird to remove indigestible material from its proventriculus, or glandular stomach. In birds of prey, the regurgitation of pellets serves the bird's health in another way, by "scouring" parts of the digestive tract, including the gullet. Pellets are formed within six to ten hours of a meal in the bird's gizzard (muscular stomach).
Ornithologists may collect one species' pellets over time to analyze the seasonal variation in its eating habits. One advantage of collecting pellets is that it allows for the determination of diet without the killing and dissection of the bird. Pellets are found in different locations, depending on the species. In general, roosting and nesting sites are good places to look: for most hawks and owls, under coniferous trees; for Barn Owls, at the bases of cliffs or in barns and silos; for yet other species of owls, at their burrows or in marsh and field grasses.
Hawk and owl pellets are grey or brown, and range in shape from spherical to oblong or plug-shaped. In large birds, they are one to two inches long, and in songbirds, about half an inch. Many other species produce pellets, including grebes, herons, cormorants, gulls, terns, kingfishers, crows, jays, dippers, shrikes, swallows, and most shorebirds.
Ornithologists examining pellets have discovered unusual items in them—even bird bands that were once attached to a smaller species that was consumed by the predator bird. In the United States, screech owl pellets have contained bands from a Tufted Titmouse, Black-capped Chickadee, and American Goldfinch. In 1966, a Golden Eagle pellet in Oregon was found to contain a band placed on an American Wigeon four months earlier, and away in southern California.
The hair, bones and other body parts (such as limbs, skin fragments, and even faeces) of rodents found in owl pellets may carry viable rodent viruses and bacteria. It is therefore advisable to sterilize pellets in a microwave oven before study. This is particularly important when using pellets at school. Recently, Smith "et al." described two pellet-borne outbreaks of "Salmonella typhimurium" in public schools. Rodents tend to avoid owl pellets, apparently due to their infective potential.
In falconry.
In falconry, casting involves giving a hawk roughage, which is regurgitated later to purge and cleanse its crop. Hawks in the wild will produce castings of their own accord, in the form of small pellets of fur, feathers, and other indigestible material, regurgitated hours after it has eaten. Of the roughage used for falcons in captivity, there are two kinds: plumage, and cotton; the latter of which is generally in pellets about the size of hazelnuts, made of soft fine cotton, and conveyed into the hawk's gorge after supper. In the morning, the hawk will have "cast" them out, at which time they should be examined for color and condition to determine the state of the hawk's body. If they are cast out round, white, without stench, nor very moist, then the hawk is healthy; if otherwise, particularly black, green, slimy, or the like, the hawk is ill.
The casting of plumage is examined in the same manner. The yellow down feathers of day-old cockerel chicks, which are a common diet among hawks in captivity, can be enough to induce casting. However, rabbit fur and feathers from game birds are better suited for this purpose.
Casting will occur at the same time daily, provided that hawks are flown at the same time daily. Hawks in captivity are usually weighed immediately before being flown. If they were fed roughage the previous day, they should cast it out before being weighed, to avoid an inaccurate measurement.
Casting is a necessary part of a hawk's survival. Not only does it clear out the crop, but the roughage that is regurgitated cleans bacteria from the walls of the crop. If hawks in captivity are not provided with this necessary roughage, and instead are simply fed meat, they will become seriously ill and unreleasable into the wild.

</doc>
<doc id="5914824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914824" title="Chummidae">
Chummidae

The Chummidae are a tiny spider family with only two described species in one genus. Both were first described in 2001. Both species are known from males and females.
They are small, three-clawed spiders with a strong dorsal scutum. They have no fovea, and the posterior and median spinnerets are reduced. The males of "C. gastroperforata" have two pairs of abdominal pockets, which play a role in mating.
Distribution.
This family is endemic to South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="5914825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914825" title="Tiṉaimalai Nūṟṟu Aimpatu">
Tiṉaimalai Nūṟṟu Aimpatu

Thinaimalai Nurru Aimpathu,(Tamil: திணைமாலை நூற்றைம்பது) is a Tamil poetic work belonging to the "Pathinenkilkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature, belonging to the 'post Sangam period' corresponding to between 100 – 500 CE. "Thinaimalai Nurru Aimpathu" contains 154 poems written by the poet Kanimeythaviyaar.
The poems of "Thinaimalai Nurru Aimpathu" deals with the subjective ("agam") concepts. "Agam" in the Sangam literature denotes the subject matters that deal with the intangibles of life such as human emotions, love, separation, lovers' quarrels, etc. The poems of "Thinaimalai Nurru Aimpathu" are categorised into 31 poems for each of the five "thinai", or landscape of Sangam poetry and describe in detail the situation and emotions specific to each landscape. The five landscapes of Sangam poetry are "mullai" – forest, "kurinji" – mountains, "marutham" – farmland, "paalai" – arid land and "neithal" – seashore.

</doc>
<doc id="5914828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914828" title="Jules Bara">
Jules Bara

Jules Bara (23 August 1835 – 26 June 1900) was a Belgian statesman and liberal politician.
Early years.
He was born at Tournai and pursued the study of law in his native town, showing remarkable intellectual gifts and a fine power of oratory.
Career.
Shortly after he had begun his professional practice he was summoned to be professor of law at the Université Libre de Bruxelles and established his reputation by a treatise on the relations of church and state, the "Essai sur les rapports de l'etat et des religions au point de vue constitutionnel" (1859). He succeeded Tesch as Minister of Justice in 1865, being appointed to that position by the King. In line with his extremely Liberal tendencies, he attempted, in 1868, to bring about the abolition of capital punishment, but failed because of a powerful opposition in the Senate. After the failure of the Frère-Orban cabinet in 1870 Bara reëntered the Chamber of Representatives and by his great power of invective caused the resignation of the Clerical Ministry of D'Anethau in 1871 and helped to overthrow the Ministry of Malou in 1878. Bara became once more Minister of Justice under Frère-Orban, resigning in 1884 after the overwhelming defeat of the Liberals at the polls. From 1884 to 1894 he was leader of the Opposition in the Lower Chamber, but in the latter year failed of reëlection, entering the Senate soon afterward.
Death.
He died at Brussels, 26 June 1900.
Mason.
He was a Mason, raised in 1859 in the lodge "Les Vrais Amis de l'Union et du Progrès" from Bruxelles.

</doc>
<doc id="5914840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914840" title="Cryptothele (spider)">
Cryptothele (spider)

Cryptothele is a spider genus with ten described species.
This genus was the sole member of the family Cryptothelidae, which is no longer valid as of 2006. 
Distribution.
The genus occurs in Southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="5914852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914852" title="Radio Starmaker Fund">
Radio Starmaker Fund

The Radio Starmaker Fund is a private fund developed by the Canadian Association of Broadcasters with the approval of the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC). It is a private fund that supports new artists with substantial investments in the careers of emerging artists.

</doc>
<doc id="5914857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914857" title="Bangudae Petroglyphs">
Bangudae Petroglyphs

Korea's National Treasure No. 285, the Bangudae Petroglyphs, are located mainly on flat vertical rock faces around 8m wide and around 5m high on steep cliffs on the riverside of the Daegokcheon stream, a branch of the Taehwa River, which runs eastward and joins the Sea of Japan (EastSea) at Ulsan. The surrounding ten rock faces have a small number of engravings as well. The rocks consist of shale and hornfels oriented toward the north and they shine for a while at sunset. As an overhanging cliff they are in the structure of a rock shelter.
Description.
Three hundred and four representations can be seen, of which 166 figures are animals and 108 are unidentified motifs. Representations of cetaceans are the most frequent, being 14.4% of the figures. In terms of theme, the representations are either anthropomorphic, depicting the body or face of a human; zoomorphic, showing sea and land animals; hunting and fishing tools; and indeterminate markings whose themes or shapes are hard to identify. 
The engravings of whales and deer were made in most cases by carving out the body, while those of land animals mostly consist of outlines and patterns drawn on the rock surface. Such difference suggest difference in the time of production, given the overlapping relationships of the depictions. At the site, cetaceans are most important, followed by deer and land animals in that order, and there are a small number of turtles, seals, fish, and birds. 
Human figures.
The figures are side views of the whole body with a somewhat exaggerated penis or front images of people with mask-like faces spreading their four limbs. There are engravings of people hunting animals with a bow, raising their hands, and playing a long rod like a musical instrument, recalling hunting and religious acts. 
Animal figures.
Shapes and features enable the species to be discriminated. Most of them are whales and concentrated on the left main rock face. Ungulate mammals like deer and predatory animals like tigers, leopard, and wolves are mainly on the right main rock face. Animals whose species can be identified include large cetaceans such as the northern right whale, the humpback whale, the right whale, the grey whale, and the sperm whale. There are also sea animals such as sea turtles, seal, salmon-like fish; sea birds; and land animals such as red deer, musk deer, roe deer, water deer, tigers, leopards, wolves, foxes, racoons, and wild pigs. 
Sea animals:
Whale engravings are in general 20 to 30cm long and between 10 and 80cm high. Most show whales swimming in a group upward as if seen from a bird's-eye view. Sideway engravings of whales are made in a "twisted method" in which the tail is carved sideways to show the horizontal tail of the whale, which is different from fish. Other rock art shows a mother whale with her baby on her back, whale jumping scenes, and large cetaceans migrating to and from the remote sea, all vividly depicting whale behaviour. The whale horizontally overturning a boat with its body seems to be dead, and stripes carved on its body are thought to be distribution or breakup lines, resembling ethnographic material describing natives distributing pieces of whale. These engravings are assessed to provide important information about the hunting and subsequent distribution of large animals.
The three turtles on the upper left of the main rock face appear to be guiding whales swimming in a group. Since sea turtles come to the shore to spawn between early spring and summer, they are often regarded in ancient myth as symbolic animals crossing the boundary of sea and land. In the case of fish, heads of fish looking like sharks are depicted sideways, and there are salmon jumping above the sea surface. On later engravings there is the suggestion of a wooden fence, but since the inner outlines resemble fish and land animals are lacking the possibility of a fishpound has been considered. 
Land animals: 
Most of the land animals are shown in a side view, which can best express the shape of four-limbed land animals. Some species can be classified according to the shape of body, skin patterns, the length of tail and legs, and the shoulder line. These include sika deer, red deer, musk deer, roe deer, and water deer. 
Sea birds are always placed around whales as they are hunting prey. Some engravings show mating and molt scenes of land animals and because of different patterns and angle of fall suggest the annual change of seasons and the breeding season. 
Tools.
Tools relating to hunting and fishing such as boats, floats, harpoons, fishing net, fish pounds, and bows provide information on the age of the rock art and livelihood of the time. This site also has scenes of whales and tigers being captured with a net. Although no prehistoric net has yet been excavated, fine marks of net on pottery discovered in the Dongsam-dong midden suggest that nets were widely used not only for fishing but also for hunting in those days. 
The site has scenes showing whaling activities in great detail. Around 5-17 people are on boats surrounding whales. The bows and sterns are semi-circular and are connected to a harpoon stuck into the body of whales and to floats hanging on a rope. The tools are almost identical to those used by natives for whaling today. 
Indeterminate figures.
Engravings of uncertain theme and content have been classified into two types: those of unknown theme which are in good condition and those of unknown shape which have been worn and damaged over time and are therefore hard to decode. Some have signs with certain patterns, but it is hard to classify them on the basis of engravings on the rock alone. Signs are conceptual expressions that are impossible to find in real life but are repeated expressions of a certain pattern. 
Dating.
According to the results of an analysis of animal bones discovered in a shell midden in Ulsan and widespread along the southeastern coasts and of research on Ulsan Bay's archaeological environment, the site dates back to 7,000 to 3,500 years ago. Many relics related to the themes of the rock art were found at Neolithic sites, include deer pattern pottery, net pattern pottery and shell mask discovered in the Dongsam-dong Shell Midden in Busan, a figure with human faces in Osan-ri in Yangyang, a small clay wild pig excavated from the shell midden on Yokjido island of Tongyeong, the clay figure of a woman in Sinam-ri in Ulsan, and a small clay seal excavated from the shell midden in Sejuk-ri, Ulsan. Furthermore, a boat was excavated from the shell midden in Bibong-ri, Changnyeong, and during the Hwangseong-dong site excavation research project conducted by the Korea Archaeology and Art History Research Institute a whale bone stuck with a harpoon was found, which empirically proves whaling. 
The layers which contain the bones of captured whales date back to 5500 to 4700 BP. Consequently, considering livelihoods in that period, hunting and fishing tools, related relics, and contemporary contents, the rock art seems to have been made between the early and mid-Neolithic era. Before the site was discovered, the first whaling was thought to have taken place between the 10th and 11th century.
From the abundant representations of marine animals, the site seems to be in close relationship with hunter-fishers attributed to the Neolithic era (between 8000 BP and 3500 BP). Consequently, the Bangudae site has the most ancient evidence of whaling worldwide and is considered highly important not only as a first whaling representation, but also for understanding prehistoric maritime culture in the northern Pacific area.
Preservation concerns.
The Sayeon Dam, built from 1962 to 1965 and expanded between 1999 and 2002, helps supply Ulsan with drinking water but has caused the rocks on which the petroglyphs are carved to be flooded for about eight months of every year. This periodic flooding raises concerns of erosion and water damage of the rock-art motifs, which are considered to be masterpieces of prehistoric art and an invaluable source of prehistoric information. The government of Korea is considering building a polycarbonate “dam” to protect the rock faces.

</doc>
<doc id="5914872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914872" title="Hung Pham">
Hung Pham

Hung Pham or Hung Kim Pham (born Phạm Kim Hưng in Saigon on October 2, 1963) is a former politician and information expert in Alberta, Canada. He formerly served as a member of Legislative Assembly of Alberta, Canada.
Early life.
Born and growing up in Saigon, the capital of South Vietnam, Hung Pham was one of the boat people leaving the country after Vietnam War. Coming to Canada in 1980 at the age of 16 without English, teenager Hung Pham worked as a part-time janitor to make his living while going to high-school in Calgary.
Education.
Hung Pham completed his high-school education in 1982 and subsequently took the computer science university transfer program at Mount Royal College, where he received many awards and scholarships for outstanding academic achievements. Pham then transferred to University of Calgary in 1984 and graduated from the university in 1986 with two Bachelor Degrees with Distinction: Bachelor of Science with Distinction in Computer Science and Bachelor of Science with Distinction in Pure Mathematics. He went on to take Master program at University of Calgary, specializing in Artificial Intelligence.
Technology Profession.
Starting as a prominent Information Analyst with Canalta Data Services in 1988, Hung Pham joined The City of Calgary in 1989 as a Database Technical Analyst. He was promoted by The City of Calgary to be Senior Programmer Analyst in 1991.
Community Activities.
As an active member of many non-profit organizations, Hung Pham helped Calgary Police Service with her multicultural and crime prevention programs. He was elected President of Calgary Vietnamese Canadian Association in 1990. At that position, Pham promoted programs to help low income workers. With his well-known speech delivered to the community on 1991 Tết celebration event, Pham publicly declared his programs to help cleaners in Calgary.
Political career.
Elected to Legislative Assembly of Alberta (Progressive Conservative), Canada at the age of 29, Hung Pham was the youngest Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA) in Alberta Legislature at the time. He is also the very first Vietnamese ever elected to a state legislature outside of Vietnam in history.
Re-elected four times later, Hung Pham has held many high-rank positions in Alberta Government. In 2006, he was promoted by Premier Ed Stelmach to be a member of Alberta Treasury Board, the legislative body responsible for all expenditures and budgets of Alberta (Premier Ed Stelmach is also a member of the board).
In January, 2008, Hung Pham announced that he would not seek re-election. 

</doc>
<doc id="5914881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914881" title="Ursus of Benevento">
Ursus of Benevento

Ursus or Orso (died 892) succeeded his father, Aiulf II, as Prince of Benevento in 890 or 891. Ursus did not long hold this post. He was deposed after the capture of Benevento by the Byzantine "strategos" of Calabria, Sybbaticius. Benevento became, albeit briefly, the capital of the "thema" of Langobardia. His "epitaphium" says: 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5914886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914886" title="Cycloctenidae">
Cycloctenidae

Cycloctenidae is a spider family with 36 described species in 5 genera. The genera ' (5 spp.), ' (12 spp.) and ' (1 sp.) are all endemic to New Zealand, ' is found in both Australia (7 spp.) and New Zealand (10 spp.), while ' (1 sp.) is endemic to Java. The placements of ', ' and ' in Cycloctenidae are tentative only.

</doc>
<doc id="5914891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914891" title="Ridgemont">
Ridgemont

Ridgemont may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5914894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914894" title="Hold You (ATB song)">
Hold You (ATB song)

"Hold You" is a single by ATB released as the first single from his album "Dedicated". It features Roberta Carter Harrison of the band Wild Strawberries on vocals. It became a top 20 hit in Germany, Hungary and Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="5914897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914897" title="Irish National League">
Irish National League

The Irish National League (INL) was a nationalist political party in Ireland. It was founded in October 1882 by Charles Stewart Parnell as the successor to the Irish National Land League after this was suppressed. Whereas the Land League had agitated for land reform, the National League also campaigned for self-government or Irish Home Rule, further enfranchisement and economic reforms.
The League was the main base of support for the Irish Parliamentary Party (IPP), and under Parnell's leadership, it grew quickly to over 1,000 branches throughout the island. In 1884, the League secured the support of the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland. Its secretary was Timothy Harrington who organised the Plan of Campaign in 1886. The Irish League was effectively controlled by the Parliamentary Party, which in turn was controlled by Parnell, who chaired a small group of MPs who vetted and imposed candidates on constituencies.
In December 1890 both the INL and the IPP split on the issues of Parnell's long standing family relationship with Katharine O'Shea, the earlier separated wife of a fellow MP, Capt. O'Shea, and their subsequent divorce proceedings. The majority of the League, which opposed Parnell, broke away to form the "Anti-Parnellite" Irish National Federation (INF) under John Dillon. John Redmond assumed the leadership of the minority Parnellite group who remained faithful to Parnell. Despite the split, in the 1892 general election the combined factions still retained the Irish nationalist vote and their 81 seats.
Early in 1900 the Irish National League (INL) finally merged with the United Irish League and the National Federation (INF) to form a reunited Irish Parliamentary Party under Redmond's leadership returning 77 seats in the September 1900 general election, together with 5 Independent Nationalists, or Healyites.

</doc>
<doc id="5914898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914898" title="Twist of Love">
Twist of Love

"Twist of Love" was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in English by Sidsel Ben Semmane.
As Denmark had finished in the top 10 in the 2005 contest, the song was pre-qualified for the final. Here, it was performed ninth, following Germany's Texas Lightning with "No No Never" and preceding Russia's Dima Bilan with "Never Let You Go". At the close of voting, it had received 26 points, placing 18th in a field of 24 and meaning that Denmark would have to qualify through the semi-final at their next Contest appearance.
The song describes the attempts of "this guy called Johnny" to catch the eye of "Connie", a girl who is also being pursued by "O'Smarty". In the event, it turns out that O'Smarty is unable to dance the twist, while Johnny's prowess means that he wins the girl.<br>
Fittingly, the music is heavily inspired by early rock-n-roll. Indeed, the guitar solo was performed at the Contest in a manner similar to the iconic scene in the "Back to the Future" film.
The song had divided opinion prior to the Contest, with many fans arguing that the lyrics were excessively silly - particularly the names of the characters.
Following the Contest, the song was covered by South African boy band Hi-5 as "Die Twist" (The Twist).
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 2007 Contest by DQ with "Drama Queen".
Due to a change of the rules at the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix the year before, songs could be performed in any language chosen as opposed to all being in Danish and the winning song translated into English for the Eurovision night. As a result, this entry was the first ever Danish entry which did not have a Danish language version in existence. Jakob Sveistrup did not take advantage of this, having performed his song in Danish at the national finals and recording a Danish language version as well. 

</doc>
<doc id="5914903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914903" title="The Fields of Love">
The Fields of Love

"The Fields of Love" is a single released by ATB from his album "Two Worlds". It features the music group York.

</doc>
<doc id="5914907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914907" title="Gurindji people">
Gurindji people

Gurindji are a group of Indigenous Australians living in northern Australia, 460 km southwest of Katherine in the Northern Territory's Victoria River region.
Gurindji are most well known in the broader Australian community for The Gurindji Strike, led by Vincent Lingiari, in 1966.
Their land was handed back to them in 1975 by Australian Prime Minister Gough Whitlam. They were granted freehold title, receiving inalienable title to almost all of Wave Hill Cattle Station, 3,250 square kilometres of their tribal land – paving the way for further land rights victories in Australia.
Gurindji people share many similarities in language and culture with the neighbouring Warlpiri people.
Two Gurindji communities are Kalkaringi and Daguragu. The Daguragu Community Government Council provides municipal and other services to the township and surrounds of Kalkaringi (formerly Wave Hill) and to Daguragu, a community settled on land under the Aboriginal Land Rights Act.
The township of Kalkaringi is 260 hectares. It was gazetted as an open town in September 1976 (hence permits are not required for residents or visitors). Kalkaringi is located on the Buntine Highway, which runs between Top Springs, NT and Halls Creek, Western Australia.
Daguragu is located 8 km north of Kalkaringi via a bitumen road. Permission from traditional owners, through the Central Land Council, is required to visit Daguragu. Daguragu became the first cattle station to be owned and managed by an Aboriginal community. It is still owned and managed by the Murramulla Gurindji Company.
The Council also services a number of outstations where traditional owners reside. Traditional owners belong to the Gurindji language group. There are also other residents of Daguragu and Kalkaringi who belong to other language groups, including the Warlpiri. The population of Daguragu/Kalkaringi is approximately 700 people.
In August every year, a large celebration is held at Kalkarinji to mark the anniversary of the strike and walk-off. Known as Freedom Day, people gather from many parts of Australia to celebrate and re-enact the walk-off.

</doc>
<doc id="5914923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914923" title="Damon Knight bibliography">
Damon Knight bibliography

This is a bibliography of works by Damon Knight.
The bibliography is in chronological order of first publication of the books. In most cases only first editions are shown for each title. In some cases, multiple editions are shown if the title was changed; this happened for "Hell's Pavement", for example. Some other variant titles are listed separately, with notes indicating what the original titles were.
The main bibliographic sources are footnoted from this paragraph and provided much of the information in the following sections.,, Some footnotes annotating specific points are provided at the appropriate places below.
Translated books.
Also see "Thirteen French Science-Fiction Stories" in the "Edited books" section, below.

</doc>
<doc id="5914925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914925" title="Ken Hinkley">
Ken Hinkley

Ken Hinkley (born 30 September 1966) is currently the senior coach of the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League and a former player with the Geelong Football Club and Fitzroy Football Club.
Playing career.
Hinkley, recruited from Camperdown, started his league career as a forward at Fitzroy but played his best football with Geelong, where he was used as a rebounding defender. Hinkley walked out of Fitzroy in 1988 and asked for a clearance to Geelong. He stood out of football for the rest of 1988 season before being trade to Geelong for the 1989 season. A half back flanker in the 1991 and 1992 All-Australian teams, Hinkley also won a Carji Greeves Medal as Geelong's best and fairest player in the 1992 AFL season. In the same year he finished third at the Brownlow Medal count, behind winner Scott Wynd and Hawthorn's Jason Dunstall. He appeared in 12 finals with Geelong, including the 1992, 1994 and 1995 Grand Final losses.
Coaching career.
Retiring after the 1995 AFL Grand Final, Hinkley joined Hampden Football League club Mortlake as coach, where he remained for three seasons. He then returned to Camperdown and steered his former club to back to back premierships in 1999 and 2000, the former as captain-coach. St Kilda acquired his services as an assistant coach in 2001 but the following year he took up the role of senior coach of Bell Park in the Geelong Football League and oversaw a premiership in 2003. He resumed his AFL coaching career in 2004, as an assistant to Mark Thompson at Geelong. At the end of the 2009 season, Hinkley was announced as an assistant at the new Gold Coast Suns Franchise. Hinkley has also interviewed for the Richmond, Geelong and St Kilda senior coach positions but was unsuccessful.
Port Adelaide Football Club (2013–present).
On 8 October 2012, Hinkley was announced as the senior coach of the Port Adelaide Football Club making him the first coach that has not been associated with the club before since Fos Williams. In his debut season, he led Port to 13 wins, which included an elimination final win at the MCG against Collingwood before being eliminated by Geelong in a close game a week later. This came to a surprise to many as Port Adelaide had only won 8 games in the previous two seasons. For his impressive season, Hinkley was voted as the Coach of the Year by the AFL Coaches Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5914938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914938" title="Marquise, Pas-de-Calais">
Marquise, Pas-de-Calais

Marquise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
Geography.
Marquise is a farming, quarrying and light industrial town, situated some northeast of Boulogne, at the junction of the D191, D231 and D238 roads. The river Slack flows through the commune, as too does the A16 autoroute.
History.
Part of the Flemish-speaking territory until 1346, Marquise became an English county under King Edward III after the battle of Crécy and the hexagonal bell-tower goes back to the English period. In 1420, in the suburbs of Marquise, at Leulinghen, the church of which was divided by the French-English border, King Henry V married Princess Katharine, daughter of Charles VI of France. <br>At the end of September and at the beginning of October 2006, Marquise was at the top of current events, on prime time television, when the local gendarmerie retrieved a famous painting by Maurice Boitel, stolen forty years before and taken out of France.

</doc>
<doc id="5914940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914940" title="The Parish School">
The Parish School

The Parish School is a private, non-profit school located in Houston, Texas, United States. It is adjacent to the Spring Branch district.
The independent school serves children from developmentally 18 months to 12 years (or the fifth grade) who have average or above learning potential, but whose language, learning or communication differences impact their ability to be successful in a mainstream academic setting.
The Parish School is located outside of Beltway 8 and north of Interstate 10 in West Houston.
The school is a part of the Houston Area Independent Schools.
History.
The Parish School was established in 1983 by Robbin Parish, M.A., CCC-SLP, a speech language pathologist. The school initially had six students. As its founder, Parish sought to create an environment where students with average or above cognitive skills, could receive therapeutic intervention to support their learning. The intent was to assist the student and his or her family to learn how the child learns best (visually, kinesthetically or auditorily), and to then use that strength to assist the child in their areas of focus.
Originally the school was located at a small lot at 11059 Timberline, but the school moved into a new campus at 11001 Hammerly in the Fall of 2005. The former site of The Parish School is, as of 2007, occupied by The Rainard School; Rainard moved from its Old Katy Road campus to the Timberline address after The Parish School moved to 11001 Hammerly.
The school planned for Parish's retirement party to occur on Saturday June 19, 2010. Parish died on Saturday June 12, 2010. The school opted to continue with its scheduled plans for the retirement party.
As of 2010 the school had 150 students, from 18 months to 12 years of age.
In January 2011 the University of Texas Medical School at Houston Children's Learning Institute began sending resident neurologists and pediatricians to The Parish School, making it a part of their training rotations.
On February 2, 2011 the school celebrated its first "Founder's Day" as a memorial to Parish.
In June 2011 Nancy Bewley, M.A.T., CCC-SLP, the principal, received the 2011 Tina E. Bangs Award by the Houston Association for Communication Disorders (HACD).
Curriculum.
The school uses teachers, speech therapists, counselors, and music therapists. The employees assist children with speech education, reading education, social skills education, the act of paying attention, and auditory and language processing. The school has low student to teacher ratios.
School uniform.
The Parish School requires its students to wear school uniforms.
All students must wear green or white polo shirts with the school's logo. All students may wear khaki trousers or shorts. In addition, girls may wear plaid skirts.

</doc>
<doc id="5914952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914952" title="Kingman Island">
Kingman Island

Kingman Island (also known as Burnham Barrier) and Heritage Island are islands in Northeast and Southeast Washington, D.C., in the Anacostia River. Both islands are man-made, built from material dredged from the Anacostia River and completed in 1916. Kingman Island is bordered on the east by the Anacostia River, and on the west by Kingman Lake. Heritage Island is surrounded by Kingman Lake. Both islands were federally owned property managed by the National Park Service until 1995. They are currently owned by the District of Columbia government, and managed by the District of Columbia Department of Parks and Recreation. Kingman Island is bisected by Benning Road and Benning Bridge, with the southern half of the island bisected again by East Capitol Street and the Whitney Young Memorial Bridge. As of 2010, Langston Golf Course occupied the northern half of Kingman Island, while the southern half of Kingman Island and all of Heritage Island remained largely undeveloped. Kingman Island, Kingman Lake and nearby Kingman Park are named after Brigadier General Dan Christie Kingman, the former head of the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
History of the site.
Prior to the arrival of European settlers in the 18th century, the Anacostia River was a fast-flowing and relatively silt-free river with very few mudflats or marshes. White settlers cleared much of the surrounding forest for farmland, however, and extensive soil erosion led to a heavy load of silt and effluent in the Anacostia. In 1805, local landowner Benjamin Stoddert built a wooden bridge over the Anacostia River at the present site of Benning Bridge. The bridge was sold Thomas Ewell, who in the 1820s sold it to William Benning. Thereafter the structure was known as Benning's Bridge (or Benning Bridge). The wooden bridge was rebuilt several times after 1805. This included construction of a steel bridge in 1892. The construction of Benning and other bridges and the diversion of inflowing streams to agricultural use also slowed the river's current, allowing much of the silt to settle and be deposited.
Between 1860 and the late 1880s, large mudflats ("the Anacostia flats") formed on both banks of the Anacostia River due to this deforestation and runoff. At this time, the city allowed its sewage to pour untreated into the Anacostia. Marsh grass began growing in the flats, trapping the sewage and leading public health experts to conclude that the flats were unsanitary. Health officials also feared that the flats were a prime breeding ground for malaria- and yellow fever-carrying mosquitoes. By 1876, a large mudflat had formed immediately south of Benning Bridge and another flat some wide had developed south of that. By 1883, a stream named "Succabel's Gut" traversed the upper flat and another dubbed "Turtle Gut" the lower, and almost all flats on the river hosted substantial populations of American lotus, lily pads, and wild rice.
In 1898, officials with the United States Army Corps of Engineers and the District of Columbia convinced the United States Congress that the Anacostia River should be dredged to create a more commercially viable channel that would enhance the local economy. The dredged material would be used to build up the marshes—drying them out and eliminating the public health dangers they caused, as well as creating land where factories or warehouses might be built. Although the height of the reclaimed land would vary from to (the amount of dredged material depended on how much money was appropriated), the Corps of Engineers hoped to reclaim mudflats from Pennsylvania Avenue SE north to at least Benning Bridge.
Decisions on how to use the newly created land occurred over the next few years. In 1900, the United States Senate established the McMillan Commission, a body to advise the Congress and District of Columbia on ways to improve the parks, monuments, memorials, and infrastructure of the city as well as plan for urban renewal, economic growth, and expansion of the federal government. The McMillan Commission concluded that commercial land was not needed and proposed turning the reclaimed flats into parkland. The D.C. government agreed in 1905, and the United States Commission of Fine Arts (a federal advisory agency with review authority over the design and aesthetics of projects within Washington, D.C.) and the Army Corps of Engineers concurred in 1914. Most of the reclaimed mudflats were subsequently declared to be parkland and named Anacostia Water Park (now Anacostia Park) in 1919. The National Capital Park and Planning Commission (NCPPC) signed on (belatedly) to the park plan in 1928.
The original dredging plan called for a channel wide on the Anacostia's west bank from the 11th Street Bridges to Massachusetts Avenue SE, narrowing to a wide channel from Massachusetts Avenue SE to the Maryland-District border line. In addition to this channel (which was meant to facilitate the passage of cargo ships), the McMillan Commission proposed building a dam across the Anacostia River at Massachusetts Avenue SE or at Benning Bridge to form a large lake for fishing and recreational boating. The Commission also proposed using dredged material to build islands within the lake. The "Washington Post" reported in July 1914 that Congress had approved the plan for a dam on the river at Massachusetts Avenue SE. By 1916, the Corps of Engineers was still planning a dam, with access to the deep lake behind it controlled by locks. The Corps also planned to create several large islands in the lake and planned to replace Benning Bridge with a drawbridge to accommodate cargo ship traffic through the lake.
The firm of Sanford and Brooks began the dredging in January 1903, at which time the Army Corps of Engineers began surveying the surrounding land to determine whether the federal government or private landowners had title to the marshes themselves. The survey work was complete by November 1905, with the U.S. government asserting ownership over the flats. In June 1912, Congress appropriated $100,000 to dredge the Anacostia from the 11th Street Bridges to the District-Maryland line. In June 1915, the dredges discovered two large anchors with many feet of chain attached to them. The anchors were believed to have come from United States Navy gunboat barges burned on the Anacostia River in 1814 during the War of 1812. Both Kingman Island and Heritage Island were completed in 1916.
In 1915, ownership of the newly created land became an issue in a lawsuit. The boundary of the District of Columbia had been set by the Black-Jenkins Award, a decision by an arbitration panel in 1874 which resolved centuries of dispute by placing Virginia's boundary with Maryland at the low-water mark on the Virginia side of the Potomac River. The Virginia retrocession of 1846-1847 returned a portion of the District of Columbia on the Virginia site of the Potomac River to the state of Virginia. This left in doubt the exact position of the District's border with Virginia. In "Morris v. United States", 174 U.S. 196 (1899), the Supreme Court of the United States held that land built in the Potomac River not only belonged to the District of Columbia but to the federal government (contrary to the claims of private landowners, who believed the property belonged to them). In "Maryland v. West Virginia", 217 U. S. 1 (1910), the U.S. Supreme Court again affirmed that Maryland's southern border extended to the low-water mark on the far side of the Potomac River. The issue arose again in 1915, when the Washington Steel & Ordnance Company claimed it owned the newly created land in the Anacostia River created by the dredging operation. The District of Columbia Supreme Court held on December 29, 1915, that the federal government held title to the land. But this decision was overturned on technical grounds by the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in "Washington Steel & Ordnance Company v. Martin", 45 App. 600 (1917). Nonetheless, in "dicta" in "Washington Steel & Ordnance Company", the court of appeals made note of the Supreme Court's ruling in "Morris v. United States" and held that the reclaimed land belonged to the federal government. The issue as to who owned the dredged land and islands seemed settled.
By 1920, the Corps of Engineers had dropped the dam idea and instead proposed creating a deep lake on one side of the Anacostia River by linking several of the mid-river islands it had built with dikes. That same year, Congress specifically prohibited the Corps from extending Anacostia Park beyond Benning Bridge, which forced the Corps to drop its plans for a drawbridge. In late 1922, dredging temporarily ceased after funding for continued dredging ran out.
Early development efforts.
In 1926, the National Aeronautic Association proposed filling in all or part of Kingman Lake to expand Kingman Island so that a new city airport could be built there. Two years later, the piers supporting the Benning Bridge were reconfigured to permit a dredge to pass between them. The existing piers (which were apart) were replaced with piers apart. The reconfiguration was exceptionally complex, as 92 percent of the city's electrical supply passed through cables carried by Benning Bridge. The new, large dredging ship "Benning" was used to dredge the upper part of the Anacostia River, and some of the fill from this operation was used to create two new islands in Kingman Lake, named Island No. 3 ( in size) and Island No. 4 ( in size).
In 1934, Benning Bridge was rebuilt as a beam bridge on concrete piers. That same year, the Corps of Engineers transferred ownership of Anacostia Park, Kingman and Heritage islands, and Kingman Lake to the National Park Service. The Park Service also proposed extending East Capitol Street onto the reclaimed land and then over the Anacostia River, and building a complex of sports stadiums, an armory, an outdoor theater, a swimming pool, an ice skating rink, and athletic fields on the flats. Legislation proposing a bridge across Kingman Island and stadium complex in Anacostia Park was submitted to Congress, which did not act on the proposals. The first nine holes of Langston Golf Course were built on the north end of Kingman Island in 1939, and the back nine on the lake's western shore in 1955.
Work on the islands stopped in 1941 due to budgetary and resource shortages associated with the advent of World War II. In August 1947, construction of an airport on Kingman Island was again proposed, but the NCPPC disapproved the proposal in December. The project was proposed again in August 1948, because dredged material was still being placed on Kingman Island to build it up and large portions of the island remained undeveloped.
In 1946, the last pair of bald eagles on the Anacostia River abandoned their nest on Kingman Island. Although a bird watcher claimed to have seen a bald eagle nest on the Anacostia River in 1988, the bald eagle did not return until transplanted eaglets returned to the river as adults in 2004.
The city finally extended East Capitol Street across the Anacostia River and Kingman Island in 1955. That 1934 proposal was finally approved by city and federal planners in 1949. Construction required that of lake bottom be dredged from Kingman Lake and replaced with sand and gravel to create a gently curving peninsula that extended into the western side of the lake. of fill would be used to raise the peninsula above the low water mark, so that the bridge's western approaches could built on the new land. The Whitney Young Memorial Bridge opened in November 1955.
Reclaimed land on the western shore of Kingman Lake became the site of RFK Stadium in 1957. D.C. officials, who had been seeking a site for a large all-purpose sports stadium since the early 1930s, finally won support from the U.S. House of Representatives for a stadium at Anacostia Park in January 1957. D.C. Commissioners approved the site a few days after the House vote, and the District of Columbia Stadium (renamed Robert F. Kennedy Stadium in 1968) opened in 1961.
A number of development proposals were made for Kingman Island throughout the 1960s, although few were adopted. A second concrete span for Benning Bridge was constructed in 1961; the old span now carried eastbound traffic, while the new span carried only westbound traffic. In 1961, the NCPPC proposed filling in of Kingman Lake (about 50 to 60 percent of the lake's total area) and relocating some of the riprap walls to make Islands 3 and 4 part of the mainland and add an additional to Langston Golf Course. This plan was never acted on, and a year later the city proposed turning Kingman Island into a landfill. Two years later, the city proposed closing the first nine holes of Langston Golf Course and building a $10 million public aquarium on the site, but the National Park Service refused to turn over the land to the city. In 1965, the city again asked permission to turn Kingman Island into a landfill. Although this plan was not approved, the city did begin dumping environmental trash (such as grass cuttings, leaves, and tree stumps) on Kingman Island at this time. Four years later, the city proposed closing all of Langston Golf Course and building extensive low-income public housing on the golf course and the rest of Kingman Island.
Children's Island and stadium proposals.
Turning Kingman and Heritage Islands into a children's theme park was a major development proposal which was under consideration for two decades before being abandoned. The idea was first proposed in 1967. The concept was revived in 1972 as part of the United States Bicentennial celebrations, and included a $3 million playground and arts facility for children (including special areas for the handicapped). The American Revolution Bicentennial Commission gave the backers of the plan a $30,000 planning grant to help get the park off the ground. City officials began informally calling the Kingman Island "National Children's Island" in order to support the park's developers. The city also leased the southern part of Kingman Island from the United States Department of the Interior to spur the development. A small administration building and a children's playhouse were built, 100 cherry trees planted, and Islands No. 3 and 4 connected to the mainland by wooden footbridges. Some land was cleared, and a few brick footpaths laid down. Plans for the park soon included several playgrounds, undeveloped areas where children could learn about nature, a stage, and a worm farm. The Army Corps of Engineers itself erected a wooden footbridge connecting the shore to Heritage Island and Heritage Island to Kingman Island. The size of the theme park was also expanded to include Heritage Island. But four years and $4 million of public and private funds later, the proposal was abandoned. City officials said in 1980 that deteriorating budget conditions (caused by the beginning of the early 1980s recession) had led to "the worst budget crisis in the city's history", and officials could no longer justify spending another $4 million to complete the park. But 15 years later, press reports laid the failure of the project to a decision by Congress and the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to withhold funds for the project.
District officials built a fence around the shores of Kingman and Heritage Island in the early 1980s to protect them from illegal dumping and vandalism, but the fences did not work. Businesses and members of the public dumped discarded construction materials and other waste on the islands, and homeless people often tried to live there.
In 1986, D.C. officials considered building a new District of Columbia Jail on Kingman Island, but the National Park Service still controlled the island and refused to consider the idea. Two years later, the District of Columbia was looking for a way to upgrade RFK Stadium so that the Washington Redskins would continue to play their games inside the city limits. D.C. Mayor Sharon Pratt Dixon proposed allowing the Redskins to build a new stadium on the parking lots adjacent to RFK Stadium and replacing the lost parking lots with new ones built on Kingman Island—a proposal that included tearing up Langston Golf Course and turning it, too, into parking lots. In 1991, as the District still struggled to craft a deal to build a new stadium, Secretary of the Interior Manuel Lujan, Jr. forced Mayor Dixon to agree to preserve Langston Golf Course (although Lujan did agree to allow a redesign of the facility to accommodate some stadium parking).
A renewed effort to build a children's theme park emerged during this period as well. In 1983, a new company, National Children's Island, Inc., was formed to act as the new developer. In 1991, the company proposed yet another large children-oriented theme park for Kingman and Heritage islands. Mayor Dixon supported the idea, but Interior Secretary Lujan forced her to drop the idea because Interior officials felt the proposed development was too densely built-up and would destroy the character of the region. The company drew up new proposals in August 1991 that provided for fewer attractions. Its new designs provided for a "family-oriented" park with walking trails and meadows (with only about used for buildings and exhibits). Access to Kingman Island would be restricted to those who paid the $8 to $10 admission fee.
Attempts to build Children's Island quickly became entangled with the stadium deal. On September 10, 1991, the Dixon administration agreed to let the Redskins organization build parking lots on Kingman and Heritage islands. By March 1992, this agreement had been scaled back, so that the Redskins were permitted to build on only a portion of Kingman Island, while additional parking would be built on Langston Golf Course (which would be redesigned to accommodate the lots). The parking deal helped clinch the stadium agreement: On December 7, 1992, Redskins owner Jack Kent Cooke agreed to build his team's new stadium in the District of Columbia. Seven days later, Interior Secretary Lujan agreed to transfer of Kingman Island to the District of Columbia for construction of the children's theme park. By now, National Children's Island, Inc., was advocating a $120 million park which would include science, nature, and geography pavilions; an entertainment building; a plaza that would host fairs, marketplace booths, and outdoor performances; a science center; and formal gardens—while still preserving much of the two islands as a nature preserve. Under terms of the agreement transferring the land to the city, no more than could be utilized for buildings, and no structure could be taller than .
The National Capital Planning Commission quickly approved of the transfer. However, various other groups were opposed to the theme park development, including several Advisory Neighborhood Commissions, the Anacostia Watershed Society, the Capitol Hill Restoration Society, and the Committee of 100 on the Federal City (a highly influential businesspersons' and civic leaders' organization). The D.C. City Council nonetheless approved the land transfer on July 13, 1993, although it also required that any plans for the islands be submitted to the council for approval. The Council also required the company to complete an environmental impact assessment and more than a dozen other studies and present them to the Council before any development could proceed. Meanwhile, the loss of parking space to the children's theme park and rising Congressional opposition to the stadium deal (primarily due to the impact it would have on local residents and its high costs) imperiled the D.C. stadium deal. Congressional opposition rose significantly after the stadium's chief proponent, D.C. City Council Chairman John A. Wilson, committed suicide on May 19, 1993. By December, Redskins owner Jack Kent Cooke had pledged to build his stadium in Maryland.
The land transfer became the subject of a legal battle, which eventually led to congressional action. In August 1993, the Sierra Club Legal Defense Fund filed suit to block it, claiming that the federal government was required to conduct an environmental impact assessment before handing over the land. The group's interest in Kingman and Heritage islands was environmental: The lack of development and the wilderness-like aspect of the two islands had made them important to wildlife in the area. According to an Audubon Society survey at the time, more than 60 species of birds—including blue herons, eagles, snowy egrets, and ospreys—now lived on the islands. In December 1994, a United States district court agreed, and said the Park Service had violated the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) by transferring the land without conducting the assessment. D.C. officials sought the assistance of Congress. In July 1996, after a two-year lobbying effort, Congress passed the "National Children's Island Act of 1996" (P.L. 104-163, 110 Stat. 1416), which bypassed NEPA and transferred the land to the District of Columbia. The legislation specified, however, that the city could use the land only for a children's park. Congress acted after National Children's Island, Inc., unveiled plans for a scaled-back, $150 million development which was characterized as a "mini-Epcot Center". The company said it would begin construction within 14 months of the passage of the legislation.
The project again caused significant controversy, but was eventually terminated. In early October 1997, D.C. Mayor Marion Barry proposed legislation giving National Children's Island, Inc., a 99-year lease on Kingman and Heritage islands. Although it initially appeared that the legislation would pass quickly, opposition from the Sierra Club Legal Defense Fund led several Council members to withdraw their support for the lease. Opponents pointed out, too, that the company had performed none of the studies required by the 1993 Council vote. The delay doomed the project. In 1995, Congress had imposed a Financial Control Board on the D.C. government in an attempt to help the city avoid impending bankruptcy. The Control Board had the power to override decisions made by the mayor and city council. On March 5, 1999, the Financial Control Board exercised that power and voided the city's agreements to build Children's Island. The Control Board said the project would cost too much and was not financially viable. The decision was the first time the panel overturned a decision by city officials.
On September 15, 1998, the wooden footbridge from the western shore to Kingman Island was set afire by vandals around 9:00 p.m., and burned for about two and a half hours. Despite the efforts of 50 firefighters and a fire boat, most of the structure burned and collapsed into Kingman Lake.
Recent development.
Since 1999, a variety of proposals have been made for Kingman and Heritage islands, most focusing on retaining the islands' character as one of the few remaining wild places within the city's limits. In December 2000, D.C. Mayor Anthony A. Williams signed an agreement with the Department of the Interior allowing the District government to retain ownership of Kingman and Heritage islands, even though the children's theme park had not been built. Under the agreement, the District of Columbia agreed to make improvements to the islands, provide police patrols on both islands, and conduct studies on how to best utilize the area. The city budgeted $500,000 for the capital improvement effort, which included rebuilding the wooden footbridge to the shore. The federal government and the city both agreed to spend $12 million on the study efforts. One of the improvements made was the planting and dedication, in September 2002, of a grove of trees on Kingman Island as a memorial to the lives lost in the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on New York City and The Pentagon. The United States Forest Service pledged $160,000 to the memorial grove, and environmental groups were working to raise additional money for more plantings and for maintenance. Over the next several years, the city said, it anticipated planting more than 2,000 trees in the grove, adding a memorial marker, and creating a nearby meadow for children to play in. In 2003, the Corps of Engineers said it would assist the city by replacing non-native trees and plants on the islands, and constructing meadows, footpaths, canoe tie-ups, and a playground on Kingman Island at a cost of $3 million.
More recent efforts have focused on turning Kingman and Heritage islands into nature centers. The islands were closed to the public in 2004 as improvements were made and trash removed. In 2005, Mayor Williams proposed turning the two islands into a formal wildlife refuge and building a $9 million environmental education center on Kingman Island. Williams proposed building the center as part of the Anacostia Waterfront Initiative, a multibillion-dollar plan to restore the river and economically develop the neighborhoods around it. Studios Architecture was chosen from among 10 firms to design the green building, which would extend out over the river, include a rooftop plant nursery, and use solar energy for heat. Local and national environmental groups also pledged their assistance. Williams proposed turning the two islands over to the Anacostia Waterfront Corporation, which was managing the Initiative at the time, and in May 2007 legislation to turn the islands over to the Corporation's successor was introduced in the City Council. The legislation passed and was signed into law. Just four months later, the Office of the Deputy Mayor for Planning and Economic Development announced that proceeds from a $111.5 million PILOT bond would be used to improve Kingman Island and three other city parks. As of mid-2009, extensive improvements had been made. The two islands had about of trails, and the wooden footbridge connecting Kingman Island to the shore had been rebuilt. A square pier was built in the center of the footbridge connecting Heritage and Kingman islands, providing a place for bird watching, fishing, and for pedestrians to rest and view the marshes. The islands were home to more than 100 species of birds as well as mimosa trees, purple loosestrife, Queen Anne's lace, and turtles. The D.C. government turned over maintenance of the islands in 2009 to the nonprofit group Living Classrooms, and the city continued to plan for an environmental center and more trails.
Accidents.
A few unusual accidents have occurred on Kingman Island. In October 1941, the body of a homeless African American man was found on the island. Police concluded that the man had been attacked and killed by a wild dog, and the body almost completely devoured. Attempts to capture the animal proved fruitless. A seven-year-old boy, which the local media dubbed the "Cold Crusoe" (after the fictional shipwrecked character of Robinson Crusoe), was rescued from Island No. 3 in February 1956. The boy allegedly swam to the island using a log as a raft. With no sign of a boat, police believed the boy had drowned. After several days, the police finally located the child (who revealed how he got to the island). And in 1959, a 13-year-old boy in a stolen automobile plunged into Kingman Lake while being chased by police. The boy later said he had no idea the lake was there.

</doc>
<doc id="5914957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914957" title="Ashton Athletic F.C.">
Ashton Athletic F.C.

Ashton Athletic F.C. are an English football club based in Ashton in Makerfield in Greater Manchester. They currently play in the Premier Division of the North West Counties League and are full members of the Lancashire County Football Association. They play their home matches at Brocstedes Park, two miles north-west of the town centre.
History.
Formed in 1968, Ashton Athletic joined the Lancashire Combination in the 1978–79 season, but struggled and finished bottom of the league. They continued to struggle for the next three seasons before becoming founder members of the North West Counties League in 1982. However, they finished in last place of Division Three in the first season, 1982–83. After finishing in last place twice more, they left the league in 1986, having failed the ground grading. They joined the Manchester League for the 1988–89 season. Results did not however improve as they finished mostly in the toward the bottom of the table in the 1990s with their highest position coming in the 1994–95 season when they finished ninth. After finishing 12th in 2000–01, results improved and they finished in fifth place in both 2001–02 and 2002–03. The 2005–06 season was their last in the Manchester League, when they achieved their highest league placing, in fourth.
After a two year campaign to achieve the required standards, Ashton re-joined the North West Counties Football League in 2006–07, finishing 16th in Division Two. They also won the Atherton Charity Cup beating local rivals Ashton Town in the final on 18 May 2007.
In 2007–08 they finished in third place and were promoted to the Premier Division. They also made a relativel successful debut in the FA Vase beating Rossington Main 6–0 in the first qualifying round. Then after beating Congleton Town in the second qualifying round and Colne in the first round they went out of the competition in the second round losing 2–1 to Billingham Synthonia.
They made their debut in the 2008–09 FA Cup losing 2–0 to Oldham Town in the extra preliminary round on 16 August 2008.
The second tier of the club (The Development Squad )play in the Lancashire Galaxy FA League.
Youth teams and mini-soccer.
The club have a youth development policy with teams ranging from Under-8 to Under-18 with FA qualified coaches.
Attendances.
The average league-game attendance at Ashton Athletic's home games for the 2013–14 season was 58, an 11.5% increase from the previous season.
Past averages.
Source: Tony Kempster's site Non League Matters NW Counties Football League site

</doc>
<doc id="5914959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914959" title="Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 2">
Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 2

Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 2 is the headquarters element of the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing and is located at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point
History.
Commissioned on 31 December 1955, Marine Wing Headquarters Group 2 was garrisoned at Marine Corps Air Station, Cherry Point, North Carolina with the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing. At that time, the unit was composed of Headquarters and Headquarters Squadron 2, Marine Air Support Squadron 1, and Marine Air Control Squadron 7 and Marine Air Control Squadron 8. In May 1966, MWSG-2 was decommissioned. Through further reorganization in August 1967, MWSG-2 was reactivated and assumed the responsibilities of supporting the Marine Wing Headquarters. On 1 July 1971, MWSG-2 was re-designated to the current title of Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 2.
Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 2 has traditionally been a non-deployable Marine Corps unit, though it supports the War on Terror through individual augments to deploying units. The unit deployed as a whole for the first time in February 2005 until February 2006 where it was deployed to Al Asad Airbase in the Al Anbar Province Iraq. It operated for a second time in Al Asad from February 2007 until March 2008 and deployed a third time to Al Asad from January 2009 until November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5914964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914964" title="Poruṇarāṟṟuppaṭai">
Poruṇarāṟṟuppaṭai

Porunaraatruppadai,(Tamil: பொருநராற்றுப்படை) is a Tamil poetic work in the "Pathinenmaelkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature, belonging to the Sangam period corresponding to between 100 BCE – 100 CE. "Porunaraatruppadai" contains 250 lines of poems in the "Achiriyappa" meter. The poems were written by the poet Mutathaamakkanniyaar in praise of the Chola king Karikala Chola. "Porunaraatruppadai" belongs to the Pattupattu collection and follows the "Arruppadtai" style, a device used by most of the books in the Pattupattu collection. 
"Arruppatai" poems read like travelogues in which poets who were returning with gifts received from a king, encourage other poets to do the same by describing in glowing terms the king and his country. This gives the opportunity to the poet, among other topics, to describe in great detail the natural beauty, fertility, and resources of the territory that has to be traversed to reach the palace of the patron.

</doc>
<doc id="5914966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914966" title="Ridgemont High School">
Ridgemont High School

Ridgemont High School may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5914984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914984" title="Kaishaku (manga group)">
Kaishaku (manga group)


</doc>
<doc id="5914989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914989" title="Gordon Taylor (politician)">
Gordon Taylor (politician)

Gordon Edward Taylor (July 20, 1910 – July 26, 2003) was a Canadian politician, businessman and teacher.
Provincial political career.
Taylor was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in the 1940 provincial election representing Drumheller for Social Credit Party and continued to sit in the legislature for 39 years. He survived the 1971 defeat of the Social Credit government and remained in the legislature until 1979. Taylor was Social Credit's whip from 1943 to 1950. From 1951 to 1971, he served as Minister of Highways in the governments of Ernest Manning and Harry Strom. During his tenure, 8,401 kilometers of highways were paved, and Highway 2 between Calgary and Edmonton was planned. He was also minister of telephones from 1950 to 1959. While a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) during World War II, he also served with the Royal Canadian Air Force. 
Taylor ran twice for the party leadership, coming in second to Strom in the 1968 leadership election to replace Manning and coming in third in the 1973 leadership race. 
As an opposition MLA in the 1970s, Taylor broke with Social Credit over his support for the Lougheed government's plan to provide gasoline to farmers, a measure the Social Credit party opposed. Taylor also felt the Social Credit caucus was "moving to the left" and was supporting the federal Liberals. As a result, Taylor sat as an Independent Social Credit MLA supporting Peter Lougheed, and was re-elected as such in the 1975 provincial election. He supported the Lougheed government during his last term in the legislature, planned to cross the floor to join the Progressive Conservatives on the last day before the legislature was dissolved in 1979, and then run as a Progressive Conservative in the 1979 provincial election.
Federal political career.
Early in 1979, Taylor was approached to run for the Canadian House of Commons as a Progressive Conservative candidate in the 1979 federal election in Bow River, Alberta. He defeated incumbent Member of Parliament Stanley Schumacher for the PC nomination. Schumacher had refused to step aside for party leader Joe Clark, whose riding was being merged with Schumacher's as a result of redistribution. After Clark decided to run in another riding, Taylor defeated Schumacher for the party nomination, and then in the federal election when Schuamcher stood as an independent candidate. Taylor remained in parliament until he retired at the 1988 federal election.
Taylor became known for hosting an annual hockey game between the Members of Parliament and the House of Commons Pages.

</doc>
<doc id="5914998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5914998" title="Nagu merelaine">
Nagu merelaine

"Nagu merelaine" (Like a seawave) was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994. It was the first time Estonia participated in the contest, after Janika Sillamaa had failed to qualify from the East European final in 1993. The lyrics were written by Leelo Tungal, a well-known Estonian poet and writer of children's books. The composer was Ivar Must, the same man who composed "Everybody", Estonia's winning entry in 2001. 
The song was performed tenth on the night, following Switzerland's Duilio with "Sto pregando" and preceding Romania's Dan Bittman with "Dincolo de nori". At the close of voting, it had received 2 points (both from Greece), placing 24th out of 25, in front of only Lithuania's first entry. 
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman explaining herself to a lover. She likens herself to a wave in an extended metaphor, explaining that she will love him on her terms only.
A cover version of this song (performed with a heavy metal backing ) has been recorded by Tanel Padar.
It was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 1996 Contest by Maarja-Liis Ilus & Ivo Linna with "Kaelakee hääl" (Estonia's poor result having disqualified them from the 1995 Contest).

</doc>
<doc id="5915026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915026" title="A. E. Hotchner">
A. E. Hotchner

Aaron Edward "A.E." Hotchner (born June 28, 1920) is an American editor, novelist, playwright and biographer.
Life and career.
Hotchner was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the son of Sally (Rossman), an administrator, and Samuel Hotchner, a lawyer. He attended Soldan High School. In 1940, he graduated from Washington University in St. Louis with degrees in both history (A.B.) and law (J.D.). He briefly practiced law, then served in the U.S. Army Air Corps as a journalist during World War II. When the war was over, he decided to forgo the law and pursue a career in writing. Hotchner's articles appeared in the best magazines and journals of the time. He has also been an editor, biographer, novelist and playwright. In 1948, Hotchner met Ernest Hemingway and the two were close friends until Hemingway's death in 1961. Hotchner is best known for "Papa Hemingway", his 1966 biography of Hemingway, whose work he had adapted for plays and television. His play "Sweet Prince" was produced Off-Broadway in 1982 at the Theater Off-Park, starring Keir Dullea and Ian Abercrombie. "King of the Hill" is Hotchner's evocative memoir of his childhood in St. Louis during the Great Depression. It was made into a film in 1993, screen-written and directed by Steven Soderbergh.
Hotchner founded Newman's Own, Inc., with his friend and neighbor, actor Paul Newman, in 1982. All profits from this successful line of food products and other ventures are turned over to charities, including the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp that they established in 1988 for children with life-threatening illnesses.
Hotchner lives in Westport, Connecticut.
Hotchner has been honored with a star on the St. Louis Walk of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5915032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915032" title="Domenico Criscito">
Domenico Criscito

Domenico "Mimmo" Criscito (; born 30 December 1986) is an Italian footballer who plays as a left back for Russian Premier League club Zenit Saint Petersburg. A full international since 2009, he represented the Italian national team at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Club career.
A native of southern Italy, Criscito moved up north at age 13 to pursue his football career. He started his professional career at Genoa, for whom he made his debut in Serie B in June 2003 at the age of 16. In the summer of 2004, Genoa sold 50% of his contract to Juventus for €950K (€500K + co-ownership of Antonio Nocerino's contract).
Juventus.
Criscito played for Juventus's "Primavera" team alongside Italy U-21 teammates Claudio Marchisio, Paolo De Ceglie and Sebastian Giovinco, and together they won the 2006 Campionato Primavera. In the 2006–07 season, he returned to Genoa and established himself as one of the top young defenders in Serie B. In January, Juventus bought the remaining 50% of his contract for a combined price of €7.5 million. This was paid by the co-ownership of Masiello and Konko to Genoa, and €5.25 million. He also signed a new contract with Juventus that would last until 30 June 2011.
Criscito made his Serie A debut for Juventus on 25 August 2007, in Juve's comeback game in Serie A versus Livorno, a crushing 5–1 victory. However, he endured a difficult time at the Turin club. He was deemed "too soft" to be a centre back after Francesco Totti scored twice in six minutes in the September game, a 2–2 draw, against Roma from his side of the pitch. Criscito was substituted at half-time. After that, he found himself behind Nicola Legrottaglie and Giorgio Chiellini in the pecking order due to their outstanding form.
Genoa.
Not content to remain on the bench, Criscito opted to return to Genoa on loan in the opening days of the winter transfer window. In the summer of 2008, he was sent on loan to Genoa again for €1 million with the Ligurian club having the option to purchase half of his contract for €5.5 million. In February 2009, he scored his first goal since returning to Genoa, the winner against Palermo. His co-ownership agreement was renewed for the 2009–10 season. He was very impressive after re-joining Genoa, who were back in Serie A by then, and he retained a place in the starting line-up as Gian Piero Gasperini's first choice left back. However, he did not rule out a return to Juventus after being linked to a permanent return to replace Fabio Grosso. In September against Napoli, Criscito was shown a straight red card for allegedly swearing at the referee after being penalized for a foul on Christian Maggio, but Gasperini later defended the 23-year-old saying that he was angry at himself, not the referee. The appeal to rescind the red card was turned down, but his ban was reduced to 2–3 matchdays.
On 25 June 2010, Juventus announced that the Criscito's remaining 50% registration rights were sold for another €6 million. However co-currently 50% registration rights of Leonardo Bonucci was signed from Genoa via Bari for €8 million.
Zenit.
On 27 June 2011, Criscito signed for Russian Premier League club Zenit for €11 million. He penned a 5-year contract with the club. He made his debut for the club on 6 August in a 2–0 away victory against CSKA Moscow, providing an assist for teammate Aleksandr Kerzhakov. He ended the season as a league champion, his first career silverware.
International career.
On 14 November 2006, Criscito made his debut for the Italy U21 squad in a match against the Czech Republic. He was present in two Euro U21 Championships, in 2007 and 2009. In 2008 he also represented Italy at the Summer Olympics.
On 12 August 2009, he made his senior national team debut in a friendly against Switzerland in Basel. After a promising season, he was named in Marcello Lippi's 23-man squad for the 2010 World Cup, where he was the starting left back.
Criscito was named to Italy's Euro 2012 squad, but withdrew from the team after he came under investigation for match fixing. Manager Prandelli explained his withdrawing Criscito from the Italy squad for Euro and said ""I am not taking Criscito because he would have been under pressure which no human being can bear, The other reason is that he could have been summoned by the prosecutor at any moment, before a match"" Criscito went on to criticize the Italian FA for the decision to drop him despite the limited selection of left backs. Several months later he was cleared of all charges.

</doc>
<doc id="5915040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915040" title="Montana Academy">
Montana Academy

Montana Academy (John A. McKinnon, MD. Clinical Director and Founder.) is a small coeducational therapeutic boarding school in Marion, Montana with emotional growth and academic programs. The school is for students age 14-18 (high school) and enrollment is generally around 70 students.
Location.
Montana Academy is located in Lost Prairie, about forty-five minutes west of Kalispell.

</doc>
<doc id="5915045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915045" title="Barred tiger salamander">
Barred tiger salamander

The barred tiger salamander or western tiger salamander ("Ambystoma mavortium") is a species of mole salamander found from southwestern Canada in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Manitoba, south through the western United States to Texas and northern Mexico.
Description.
The barred tiger salamander typically grows from but it can grow to long at the most and is one of the largest species of salamander in North America. It has a broad head and a sturdy body. The color is variable across its range. The dorsal surface is grey, dark brown or black with bars and spots of muddy yellow giving it a tiger-like coloring. The ventral surface varies from light to dark. Larvae have alternating dark and light blotches on the centre of the dorsal surface and pale stripes running along the sides.
Behavior.
Primarily nocturnal, barred tiger salamanders are opportunistic feeders, and will often eat anything they can catch, including various insects, slugs, and earthworms. They are primarily terrestrial as adults, but their juvenile larval stage is entirely aquatic, having external gills. Breeding takes place during most months of the year. The eggs are laid in water and the developing larvae are aquatic. There have been reports of cannibalism in this species but it seems to vary in extent in different parts of its range. 
Subspecies.
The six recognized subspecies of "A. mavortium" are:
Distribution and habitat.
The barred tiger salamander is found in western Canada and the western half of the United States, but infrequently in California and Nevada. In Canada it is known from British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba. Its range in the United States extends to the southernmost tip of Texas, but no further east than the Dakotas and Oklahoma. It has been introduced into southern Arizona because its larvae are used as fish bait. It is a mainly terrestrial species and is found in lowland deciduous forests, coniferous forests and woodlands. It also inhabits open fields and rough ground, upland meadows, grasslands, semi-deserts and deserts and is occasionally found in streams.
Status.
The barred tiger salamander is believed to have suffered some declines in population over several decades. These are likely to have been caused by deforestation and habitat loss. The introduction of non-native predatory fish may be an important cause of declines but this has not been investigated fully. 
In captivity.
Tiger salamanders are frequently kept in captivity; they mostly hide and ambush their prey. It is illegal to sell adults in most parts of the United States. Their large size allows for ease of feeding, and their hardy nature make them excellent captives. Their larval stage is often sold as fishing bait, marketed as mud puppies or water dogs.
Symbolism.
The tiger salamander is the state amphibian of Kansas. The second grade class of 1993 of OK Elementary in Wichita, KS, petitioned the governor and the initial idea for a state amphibian was presented to their teacher by Timothy Boyd and Kristofer Voorhees. It is also the state amphibian of Colorado after being recognized by the Colorado legislature on March 16, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5915049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915049" title="Lindley's paradox">
Lindley's paradox

Lindley's paradox is a counterintuitive situation in statistics in which the Bayesian and frequentist approaches to a hypothesis testing problem give different results for certain choices of the prior distribution. The problem of the disagreement between the two approaches was discussed in Harold Jeffreys' 1939 textbook; it became known as Lindley's paradox after Dennis Lindley called the disagreement a paradox in a 1957 paper.
Although referred to as a "paradox", the differing results from the Bayesian and Frequentist approaches can be explained as using them to answer fundamentally different questions, rather than actual disagreement between the two methods.
Description of the paradox.
Consider the result formula_1 of some experiment, with two possible explanations, hypotheses formula_2 and formula_3, and some prior distribution formula_4 representing uncertainty as to which hypothesis is more accurate before taking into account formula_1.
Lindley's paradox occurs when
These results can occur at the same time when formula_2 is very specific, formula_3 more diffuse, and the prior distribution does not strongly favor one or the other, as seen below.
Numerical example.
We can illustrate Lindley's paradox with a numerical example. Imagine a certain city where 49,581 boys and 48,870 girls have been born over a certain time period. The observed proportion formula_1 of male births is thus 49,581/98,451 ≈ 0.5036. We assume the number of male births is a binomial variable with parameter formula_17. We are interested in testing whether formula_18 is 0.5 or some other value. That is, our null hypothesis is formula_19 and the alternative is formula_20.
Frequentist approach.
The frequentist approach to testing formula_2 is to compute a p-value, the probability of observing a fraction of boys at least as large as formula_1 assuming formula_2 is true. Because the number of births is very large, we can use a normal approximation for the fraction of male births formula_24, with formula_25 and formula_26, to compute
We would have been equally surprised if we had seen 49,581 female births, i.e. formula_28, so a frequentist would usually perform a two-sided test, for which the p-value would be formula_29. In both cases, the p-value is lower than the significance level of 5%, so the frequentist approach rejects formula_2 as disagreeing with the observed data.
Bayesian approach.
Assuming no reason to favor one hypothesis over the other, the Bayesian approach would be to assign prior probabilities formula_31, and then to compute the posterior probability of formula_2 using Bayes' theorem,
After observing formula_34 boys out of formula_35 births, we can compute the posterior probability of each hypothesis using the probability mass function for a binomial variable,
where formula_37 is the Beta function.
From these values, we find the posterior probability of formula_38, which strongly favors formula_2 over formula_3.
The two approaches—the Bayesian and the frequentist—appear to be in conflict, and this is the "paradox".
The lack of an actual paradox.
The apparent disagreement between the two approaches is caused by a combination of factors. First, the frequentist approach above tests formula_2 without reference to formula_3. The Bayesian approach evaluates formula_2 as an alternative to formula_3, and finds the first to be in better agreement with the observations. This is because the latter hypothesis is much more diffuse, as formula_17 can be anywhere in formula_46, which results in it having a very low posterior probability. To understand why, it is helpful to consider the two hypotheses as generators of the observations:
Most of the possible values for formula_17 under formula_3 are very poorly supported by the observations. In essence, the apparent disagreement between the methods is not a disagreement at all, but rather two different statements about how the hypotheses relate to the data:
The ratio of the sex of newborns is improbably 50/50 male/female, according the frequentist test. Yet 50/50 is a better approximation than most, but not all, other ratios. The hypothesis formula_56 would have fit the observation much better than almost all other ratios, including formula_57.
For example, this choice of hypotheses and prior probabilities implies the statement: "if formula_17 > 0.49 and formula_17 < 0.51, then the prior probability of formula_60 being exactly 0.5 is 0.50/0.51 formula_61 98%." Given such a strong preference for formula_62, it is easy to see why the Bayesian approach favors formula_63 in the face of formula_64, even though the observed value of formula_65 lies formula_66 away from 0.5. The deviation of over 2 sigma from formula_63 is considered significant in the frequentist approach, but its significance is overruled by the prior in the Bayesian approach.
Looking at it another way, we can see that the prior distribution is essentially flat with a delta function at formula_68. Clearly this is dubious. In fact if you were to picture real numbers as being continuous, then it would be more logical to assume that it would impossible for any given number to be exactly the parameter value, i.e., we should assume P(theta = 0.5) = 0.
A more realistic distribution for formula_17 in the alternative hypothesis produces a less surprising result for the posterior of formula_2. For example, if we replace formula_3 with formula_72, i.e., the maximum likelihood estimate for formula_17, the posterior probability of formula_2 would be only 0.07 compared to 0.93 for formula_75 (Of course, one cannot actually use the MLE as part of a prior distribution).
Reconciling the Bayesian and Frequentist approaches.
If one uses an uninformative prior and tests a hypothesis more similar to that in the Frequentist approach, the paradox disappears.
For example, if we calculate the posterior distribution formula_76, using a uniform prior distribution on formula_17 (i.e., formula_78), we find
If we use this to check the probability that a newborn is more likely to be a boy than a girl, i.e., formula_80, we find
In other words, it is very likely that the proportion of male births is above 0.5.
Neither analysis gives an estimate of the effect size, directly, but both could be used to determine, for instance, if the fraction of boy births is likely to be above some particular threshold.

</doc>
<doc id="5915064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915064" title="Supreme Court of Russia">
Supreme Court of Russia

The Supreme Court of the Russian Federation (Russian: ) is a court within the judiciary of Russia and the court of last resort in Russian administrative law, civil law and criminal law cases. It also supervises the work of lower courts. Its predecessor is the Supreme Court of the Soviet Union.
Composition.
There are 115 members of the Supreme Court. Supreme Court judges are nominated by the President of Russia and appointed by the Federation Council. In order to become a judge, a person must be a citizen of Russia, be at least 35 years old, have a legal education, and have at least 10 years of service.
The Supreme Court consists of the Judicial Panel for Civil Affairs, the Judicial Panel for Criminal Affairs, and the Military Panel, which deal with respective cases. Those cases in which the Supreme Court is the original jurisdiction are heard by the panels. Appeals of the decisions of the panels are brought to the Cassation Panel. Whereas a panel reviews the decisions of lower courts, an appeal is brought to the Presidium of the Supreme Court.
Plenary sessions of the Supreme Court are held at least once every four months. A plenary session must be attended by all judges of the Supreme Court and the Prosecutor General of Russia. At plenary sessions the Supreme Court studies the judicial decisions of lower courts on various topics and adopts resolutions, which establish recommendations on the interpretation of particular provisions of law for lower courts for uniform application. Russian law does not recognize judicial precedent as a source of law, but courts strictly follow such recommendations.
The Academic Consultative Council attached to the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation () is a body created in order to assist the Supreme Court in various legal and academic matters. It comprises members of the Supreme Court itself, academics, practicing lawyers, and law enforcement officers. The members of the Academic Consultative Council are elected at plenary sessions of the Supreme Court.
Powers.
The Supreme Court of the Russian Federation has original jurisdiction in certain cases. Those include: challenging of individual acts of the Federal Assembly and decrees of the President of Russia and the Government of Russia; challenging of delegated legislation of governmental agencies; termination of political parties and all-Russian NGOs; challenging of actions of Central Electoral Commission of Russia when organizing presidential elections, State Duma elections or referendum. The Supreme Court may also hear criminal cases against members of the Federation Council of Russia and the State Duma and federal judges by their discretion.
The Supreme Court is also the court of last resort for cases heard in lower courts since it reviews decisions of lower courts. When petition requesting reverse of a decision of a Supreme Court of Federal Subject comes to the Supreme Court it is observed by one of the judges of the Supreme Court. He may either submit it to respective Board or decline to do it if he finds decision of a lower court "lawful and well-grounded" (common legal expression in Russian courts). The Supreme Court may either affirm or reverse the decision of a lower court. If it is reversed the Supreme Court either renders its own resolution or provides that the case is to be reheard in lower courts.

</doc>
<doc id="5915073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915073" title="Steve Riley and the Mamou Playboys">
Steve Riley and the Mamou Playboys

Steve Riley and the Mamou Playboys are a Cajun band from southern Louisiana. The band formed in 1988 and has since recorded 10 albums, nine of which are on Rounder Records.
The band includes Steve Riley (accordion), David Greely (fiddle), Sam Broussard (guitar), Brazos Huval (fiddle/saxophone/bass) and Kevin Dugas (drums) and formerly Jimmy Domengeaux (guitar) before his death in 1999. Kevin Wimmer (fiddle) joined the band in 2011.
History.
Steve Riley and the Mamou Playboys started in 1988 by Steve Riley and David Greely. They have been very prolific with more than 10 CD's almost exclusively in Cajun French. Their style has grown from exclusively traditional music of Riley's mentors Dewey Balfa, Belton Richard, and Walter Mouton to a more personal style that still has a distinctively Cajun sound.
They released a 'Best of' compilation album in 2008, which featured some of their greatest hits.
David Greely has retired from the band due to hearing problems. His last performance was the 2011 Mardis Gras dance in Eunice, LA.
Awards.
Steve Riley and the Mamou Playboys have been nominated for two Grammy Awards in The Best Traditional Folk Album category, one Grammy nomination was for "Trace of Time" for Best Traditional Folk Album, and the second was for "Bon Rêve" in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5915082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915082" title="Cystohepatic triangle">
Cystohepatic triangle

The hepatobiliary triangle (or cystohepatic triangle) is an anatomic space bordered by the common hepatic duct medially, the cystic duct laterally and the cystic artery superiorly.
Eponym.
Another name used to refer to this region is Calot's Triangle. It is named for Jean-François Calot. Of note, Calot's original description of the triangle in 1891 included the cystic duct, the common hepatic duct, and the cystic artery (not the inferior border of the liver as is commonly believed).
The cystohepatic triangle is the area bound by the cystic duct, common hepatic duct, and the liver margin.
Clinical significance.
General surgeons frequently quiz medical students on this term and the name for the lymph node located within the triangle, Mascagni's lymph node or Lund's node. The latter is frequently enlarged due to inflammation of the gallbladder (e.g. cholecystitis) or the biliary tract (e.g. cholangitis) and may be removed along with the gallbladder during surgical treatment (cholecystectomy).
Calot's triangle, containing the cystic artery, may also contain an aberrant / accessory Right Hepatic Artery or anomalous sectoral bile ducts. As a result dissection in the triangle of Calot is ill-advised until the lateral-most structures have been cleared and identification of the cystic duct is definitive. According to SESAP 12 (produced and distributed by the American College of Surgeons) dissection in the triangle of Calot is the #1 cause of common bile duct injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="5915101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915101" title="Franco Belgiorno-Nettis">
Franco Belgiorno-Nettis

Franco Belgiorno-Nettis, AC (20 June 1915 – 8 July 2006) was an Australian industrialist and patron of the arts. He founded the construction and engineering company Transfield and also helped establish the Biennale of Sydney.
Belgiorno-Nettis was born in Cassano delle Murge, Italy in 1915 and attended the Turin Military Academy before joining the Italian army and serving in North Africa during World War II. He spent 3 years at an allied POW camp in India. After the war he returned to Italy to complete his studies in engineering at the University of Turin. In 1951 he came to Australia as the employee of Italian engineering firm Electric Power Transmission, (an off-shoot of Milan-based Societa' Anonima Elettrificazione), which was constructing powerlines.
In 1956 Belgiorno-Nettis and a colleague, Carlo Salteri, set up Transfield which became the largest construction and engineering firm in the Southern Hemisphere. One of Transfield's recent projects was the Sydney Harbour Tunnel.
Belgiorno-Nettis was also prominent as a patron of the arts. In 1959 he set up the Transfield Art Prize, the largest art prize in Australia. He also helped to found the Biennale of Sydney in 1973. His portrait was among the finalists for the 2004 Archibald Prize.
Belgiorno-Nettis died aged 91 after a terminal brain stroke, while attending to home maintenance in Italy in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5915105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915105" title="Hasan Üçüncü">
Hasan Üçüncü

Hasan Üçüncü (born November 16, 1980 in Sürmene, Trabzon Province) is a Turkish footballer currently playing for Mersin İdmanyurdu. Standing at 177 cm and weighing 74 kg, he wears the # 15 jersey and plays in the midfield position. He assisted Gökdeniz Karadeniz's goal against Galatasaray in the second half of the 2005-2006 Turkcell Super League season, helping Gökdeniz come back from a long suspension.

</doc>
<doc id="5915106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915106" title="Dragon Venom">
Dragon Venom

Dragon Venom (2003) is the third fantasy novel of The Obsidian Chronicles, a trilogy by Lawrence Watt-Evans. 
Plot introduction.
Arlian has discovered how to kill the dragons, he now faces an all-out war between dragons and humans. The Dragon Society is split between those loyal to the dragons and those loyal to themselves. Arlian's quest for vengeance will find many secrets of the past, including the origins of the dragons greatest foes...the gods. He gives dragon venom to his steward's wife who is carrying a child. She becomes a dragonheart (a human carrying a baby dragon) and her baby becomes a god. To protect the new born god Arlian battles the dragons killing the three dragons who killed his family and turned him into a dragon heart. He becomes badly injured by dragon venom (the only substance that can harm a dragonheart) so mages cut open his heart and remove the dragon within him. He then awakens to find the young god has healed him and at long last ends his quest for vengeance. At the end of the story Arlian is joined by his closest friends and for the first time in a long time feels the emotion of love.

</doc>
<doc id="5915114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915114" title="List of Disney's Hollywood Studios attractions">
List of Disney's Hollywood Studios attractions

Disney's Hollywood Studios consists of six themed areas. Major attractions are listed below.
Hollywood Boulevard.
Hollywood Boulevard is lined with shops selling Disney merchandise and food. This is also the location of the former parade "Pixar Pals Countdown To Fun!." While parades are a major attraction today, the area was not originally built to handle parades, and an appropriate sound system and other facilities had to be retrofitted after initial construction. Michael Eisner, who had a major part in the park's creation ever since the earliest development, demanded the opening land operate on the same principle as Main Street, U.S.A. — a street lined with shops and food, but in a style more fitting to the Studios. 
Entertainment.
Theater of the Stars.
The theater is also used for occasional corporate, seasonal, promotional and internal events, and presentations.

</doc>
<doc id="5915115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915115" title="Kuṟiñcippāṭṭu">
Kuṟiñcippāṭṭu

Kurincippattu () is a Tamil poetic work in the "Pathinenmaelkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature, belonging to the Sangam period corresponding to between 100 BCE – 100 CE. "Kurincippattu" contains 261 lines of poems in the "Achiriyappa" meter. "Kurincippattu" tells the story about the love affair between the hero and the heroine. The poems were written by the poet Kapilar. An ancient note at the end of this poem notes that Kapilar wrote this to explain the beauty of Tamil poetry to a north Indian king names Brhadatta.
"Kurincippattu" describes the "kurinchi" landscape of the mountainous terrain and mentions almost 100 different plant names. Some of these are "Atumpu" (Ipomoea pes-caprae), "Aati" (Lablab bean), "pinti" (Saraca indica), "tumpai" (Leucas aspera) and "nanti" (Ervatamia divaricata)
Story.
The hero and the heroine fall in love. They do not want their parents to know of this relationship. Perhaps they fear their disapproval. Perhaps they are attracted by the forbidden! The hero and the heroine try to arrange frequent clandestine trysts, but sometimes it is impossible. Whenever she cannot meet with her dear lover, she pines for him and wastes away. Her parents are at a loss to the reasons for her apparent sickness. They try various remedies but the heroine shows no sign of recovery. Such state of affair lasts for a while and one day a friend of the heroine come to her parents and divulges the reason for heroine's 'sickness'. She reveals the clandestine affair of the hero and the heroine, but in a manner that makes the parents feel favourable towards the love affair.

</doc>
<doc id="5915119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915119" title="Gloucestershire Northern Senior League">
Gloucestershire Northern Senior League

The Gloucestershire Northern Senior League is a football competition based in England founded in 1922. The league is affiliated to the Gloucestershire County FA. It has two divisions, Division One and Division Two, with Division One sitting at level 12 of the English football league system. This league is a feeder to the Gloucestershire County League. The Cheltenham League, Stroud and District League and North Gloucestershire League are feeders to the NSL.
In the 2012–13 season, Gala Wilton won the Division One title (and they were not promoted to the County League), while Ruardean Hill Rangers won the Division Two championship.
History.
The league was formed in 1922 and the founder members included Cheltenham Town, Gloucester City and Forest Green Rovers.
A number of clubs in the NSL have played in the Gloucestershire County League or higher but have dropped back into lower tier football. Notable clubs include:
Among the clubs that have left the Gloucestershire Northern Senior League and now compete at a higher level are:
Champions.
Source 

</doc>
<doc id="5915126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915126" title="Holy Spirit Adoration Sisters">
Holy Spirit Adoration Sisters

The Holy Spirit Adoration Sisters are a Roman Catholic religious institute of cloistered nuns. 
The nuns live a contemplative life, focused on perpetual adoration of the Blessed Sacrament, offering intercessory prayers for the world. Inside the cloister the nuns wear rose-colored habits in honor of the Holy Spirit. As a consequence of these habits those nuns are nicknamed the "Pink Sisters."
The congregation was founded in 1896 in the Netherlands by Saint Arnold Janssen, a German diocesan priest who had first foundet in 1875 the Society of the Divine Word and in 1889 the Missionary Sisters Servants of the Holy Spirit. Janssen was canonized on October 5, 2003 by Pope John Paul II. The first house was established in Pennsylvania, United States in 1915 by Mother Mary Michael (Adolfine Tönnies) (1862 - 1934), upon the invitation of Archbishop Edmund Francis Pendergast. 
Currently, there are 22 Houses located in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Germany, India, Indonesia, the Netherlands, the Philippines, Poland, Slovakia, Togo, and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5915130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915130" title="Guy IV of Spoleto">
Guy IV of Spoleto

Guy IV ("Guido" or "Wido"; assassinated 897) was the Duke of Spoleto and Camerino from 889 and Prince of Benevento from 895. He was the son of Guy II of Spoleto.
In either 888, when his father was crowned King of France, or 889, when his father was crowned King of Italy, Guy was granted the Duchies of Spoleto and Camerino. Though his father never secured the French kingdom, he did maintain his Italian crown and thus happily divested himself of his responsibilities in Spoleto itself, the hereditary possession of his family. Guy was a capable warrior and leader. He conquered Benevento from the Greeks and made himself prince there (895). He offered the regency of his conquered principality to Guaimar I of Salerno, the husband of his sister Itta, but Guaimar was captured "en route" to Benevento by Adelfer, the gastald of Avellino. Guy had to go down and besiege Avellino to get his release.
After reigning in Benevento for a year and eight months, Guy travelled to Rome to meet the Emperor Lambert. He was murdered on the Tiber by agents of Alberic, who seized Spoleto and set himself up as duke.

</doc>
<doc id="5915154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915154" title="The New Inventors">
The New Inventors

The New Inventors was an Australian television show, broadcast on ABC1, and hosted by broadcaster and comedian James O'Loghlin. Each episode featured three Australian inventions and short video tape packages. IP Australia, a supporter of the program, describes it as a way for Australian inventions to gain publicity and possible entrance into the mass market.
The 200th episode of the program was broadcast on 29 October 2008.
The program aired on Wednesday nights at 8pm. The grand finale edition for season 7 was broadcast on 23 September 2010 on ABC.
Episodes.
Each invention is given time to present its use, economic viability, purpose and niche. The inventors are then queried by a panel of three judges, chosen for each program based on their speciality. The judges include agricultural scientist Chris Russell, CSIRO engineer James Bradfield Moody, designer Alison Page, futurist Mark Pesce, science broadcaster and microbiologist Bernie Hobbs, woodworker Richard Vaughan, designer and inventor Sally Dominguez, materials scientist Veena Sahajwalla, journalist and inventor Christine Kininmonth and inventor and plastic surgeon Dr Fiona Wood.
At the end of the show the three judges pick a winner, referencing the six criteria of the show: originality, need, safety, design, market and marketability, and manufacture and pricing. The winner of the episode is then in the running to appear in the annual grand final episode, and be named "Inventor of the Year" and join the ranks of the Hills Hoist and the fax machine in Australia's hall of fame of home-grown inventions. The public can vote by SMS or online for their favourite invention, which is then in the running for an annual People's Choice award.
History.
In the 1970s ABC broadcast "The Inventors", produced by Beverly Gledhill. The new show is called "The New Inventors".
After 8 seasons, "The New Inventors" ended in 2011. The last episode aired on 17 August 2011 on ABC TV.

</doc>
<doc id="5915155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915155" title="Berkeley Vale, New South Wales">
Berkeley Vale, New South Wales

Berkeley Vale is a suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia. It is part of the Wyong Shire local government area.
Wyong Road is the main road that runs through Berkeley Vale. Berkeley Vale contains two public schools - Berkeley Vale Campus, which is a part of Tuggerah Lakes Secondary College, and Berkeley Vale Primary School.
There is a private hospital and a retirement village on the lake side of Wyong Road. Youth activities available include 1st Berkeley Vale Scout Group.
Berkeley Vale is home to the Berkeley Vale "Panthers" Rugby League Football Club and the Berkeley Vale "Wombats" Soccer Club.

</doc>
<doc id="5915157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915157" title="Aideen Nicholson">
Aideen Nicholson

Aideen Nicholson (born April 29, 1927) is a former Canadian politician.
Background.
Aideen Nicholson was born in Dublin, Ireland. She was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, and later at the London School of Economics.
A social worker by profession, Nicholson worked at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto, taught at George Brown College and the University of Toronto and also worked at Ontario Correctional Services and as a founding member of the Ontario Commission on the Status of Women.
Politics.
She entered politics in the 1974 federal election, defeating Paul Hellyer in the riding of Trinity in Toronto and was re-elected three times as a Liberal. She served as parliamentary secretary for several years and was on the Liberal front bench after the party entered the opposition as a result of the 1984 federal election. She served as Chair of the Public Accounts Committee from 1984 through 1987.
Due to redistribution, her riding disappeared prior to the 1988 election, and she decided to seek the Liberal nomination in St. Paul's riding, which was held by Progressive Conservative cabinet minister Barbara McDougall. The nomination was contested by Paul Hellyer, whom Nicholson had defeated when he ran as a Tory in 1974 but who had rejoined the Liberals in 1982. Nicholson defeated Hellyer for the Liberal nomination, but was unable to defeat McDougall in the general election.
Later life.
She subsequently was appointed to the Immigration Review Board.
In 2003, Nicholson was the recipient of the Distinguished Service Award by the Canadian Association of Former Parliamentarians.

</doc>
<doc id="5915161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915161" title="John Hannah Gordon">
John Hannah Gordon

Sir John Hannah Gordon (26 July 1850 – 23 December 1923) was a Scottish-Australian judge and politician.
Gordon was born at Kilmacolm, Renfrewshire, Scotland, the eldest son of the Rev. James Gordon, preacher of the Free Church, and his wife Margaret, "née" Leonard. The family migrated to South Australia in 1859 where Rev. Gordon took charge of the Presbyterian church at Mount Barker, and was afterwards stationed at Gawler. Gordon was educated at Mount Barker under James Clezy, M.A., and at Gawler under the Rev. J. Leonard and W. L. S. Burton. On leaving school he studied theology and classics for two years, and was then for some years in the offices of W. Duffield and Company of Gawler, and Dunn and Company, Port Adelaide. He took up the study of law and was admitted to the South Australian bar in 1876, but practised for 11 years at Strathalbyn as a solicitor.
Gordon did not become a Q.C. until 1900. In 1888 he was elected to the Legislative Council for the Southern District and held the seat for 15 years. He was minister of education in the Cockburn ministry from June 1889 to August 1890, and held the same position in the first Holder ministry from June to October 1892. He became chief secretary in the Kingston ministry in June 1893 but resigned on 15 February 1896. He was attorney-general in Holder's second ministry from December 1899 to May 1901 and from May 1901 to December 1903 in the Jenkins ministry. Gordon was then raised to the supreme court bench. A strong federalist he was a representative of South Australia at the 1891 convention, was elected fifth out of 33 candidates in 1897, and sat on the constitutional committee. 
In February 1913 Gordon declined an invitation from Billy Hughes to move to the High Court. Gordon was a lecturer on literary subjects, such as the Elizabethan period, publishing occasional articles in the Adelaide press. He died at Adelaide, South Australia of cardiac disease on 23 December 1923. He married in 1876 Ann Rogers who survived him with a daughter. He was knighted in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="5915163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915163" title="Cuarteto Latinoamericano">
Cuarteto Latinoamericano

Cuarteto Latinoamericano is a world-renowned, Latin Grammy winning string quartet from Latin America. They have toured extensively in Europe, the Americas, Israel, China, Japan and New Zealand. The recipient of a Mexican Music Critics Association award in 1983 and "most adventurous programming" awards from CMA/ASCAP in 1997, 1999 and 2000, the group has introduced more than a hundred works written for them and has participated in over a hundred world premieres. 
Formed in Mexico in 1981, Cuarteto Latinoamericano was, from 1987 until 2008, quartet-in-residence at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh. They have collaborated with many artists including cellists János Starker and Yehuda Hanani, pianists Santiago Rodriguez, Cyprien Katsaris and Rudolph Buchbinder, tenor Ramón Vargas, and guitarists Narciso Yepes, Sharon Isbin, David Tanenbaum and Manuel Barrueco. With Barrueco, they have played in some of the most important venues of the USA and Europe, have recorded two cds, and commissioned guitar quintets from American composers Michael Daugherty and Gabriela Lena Frank. The work by Frank, Inca Dances, won a Latin Grammy in 2009 for Best New Latin Composition. 
Under the auspices of the Sistema Nacional de Orquestas Juveniles of Venezuela, the Cuarteto has created the Latin American Academy for String Quartets, based in Caracas, which serves as a training ground for five select young string quartets from the Sistema. The Cuarteto visits the Academy four times a year. The Cuarteto Latinoamericano is represented by Sue Endrizzi Morris, at California Artists Management.
Recordings.
Cuarteto Latinoamericano have recorded over fifty CDs, which include the complete works for quartet by Heitor Villa-Lobos, Silvestre Revueltas, Alberto Ginastera, Rodolfo Halffter, Carlos Chávez, Manuel M. Ponce, Mario Lavista, Francisco Mignone, Julián Orbón, and many other Latin American composers. Their sixth, and final, album of Hector Villa-Lobos's string quartets, Quartets Nos. 4, 9 and 11, was nominated for two Grammy Awards (Best Chamber Music and Best Latin Music) in 2002. For Élan Recordings they have recorded "Ginastera: The Three String Quartets" and "Latin American String Quartets", which includes the world premiere recordings of Orbón's "String Quartet" and Lavista's "Reflejos de la Noche". As of 2011 the Cuarteto Latinoamericano is under an exclusive recording agreement with Sono Luminus, for whom they have released three albums: "Encores" (2010), "Mexican Romantic Quartets" (2011), and their latest CD, "Brasileiro: Works of Mignone", which was released in January of 2012 and won a Latin Grammy in the Best Classical Recording category.

</doc>
<doc id="5915164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915164" title="European System of Accounts">
European System of Accounts

The European System of Accounts (often abbreviated as ESA) is the system of national accounts and regional accounts used by members of the European Union. It was most recently updated in 2010 (ESA 2010).
The ESA 95 is fully consistent with the United Nations System of National Accounts (1993 SNA) in definitions, accounting rules and classifications. However, it incorporates certain differences, particularly in its presentation, that are more in line with use within the European Union. The ESA 95 is undergoing a revision to meet the requirements of the update of the SNA 1993 launched in 2003 under the auspices of the United Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="5915168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915168" title="Berkeley Vale">
Berkeley Vale

Berkeley Vale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5915182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915182" title="West Bend Municipal Airport">
West Bend Municipal Airport

West Bend Municipal Airport is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of West Bend, a city in Washington County, Wisconsin, United States.
This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation "reliever airport".
Facilities and aircraft.
West Bend Municipal Airport covers an area of 404 acres (163 ha) at an elevation of 887 feet (270 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways and one helipad:
For the 12-month period ending May 18, 2010, the airport had 56,000 aircraft operations, an average of 153 per day: 71% general aviation, 18% military, and 11% air taxi. At that time there were 106 aircraft based at this airport: 77% single-engine, 11% multi-engine, 9% military, 2% jet, and 1% helicopter.
West Bend Air operates the FBO (fixed base operator) and provides 100 octane low lead fuel as well as Jet-A fuel. Rental aircraft, a pilot's lounge, a weather office and a gift shop are also located on field and operated by West Bend Air.
Pilot information.
Navigation.
The West Bend Airport can be found on the Chicago sectional chart on the North side. The airport has a non-directional beacon (NDB), as well as a very high frequency omni directional radio (VOR), both on field. The Kettle Moraine NDB (LLE .-.. .-.. .) has a frequency of 329 KHz. The West Bend VOR (BJB -... .--- -...) has a frequency of 109.8 MHz.
Communication.
West Bend Municipal Airport has a UNICOM frequency of 122.8 MHz, manned by West Bend Air Inc. This frequency is also the common traffic advisory frequency (CTAF). An AWOS is available on 120.0 MHz, which provides wind, visibility, sky conditions, and the altimeter. The weather for this airport can also be found in the form of a METAR on various online aviation weather sites. The controlling agency is Chicago center, but services are also available from Milwaukee approach or Milwaukee departure on 125.35 MHz. IFR flights can also contact clearance delivery on 124.75 MHz.
Airspace.
Immediately overlying the airport is Class G Airspace. A ring approx. 14 miles in diameter, centered on the field, of Class E Airspace begins at 700 feet above ground level (AGL) and meets Class A Airspace at, but not including, 18,000 feet MSL. The outer ring of Milwaukee's Class C Airspace begins approx. 17 miles south-southeast of the field, with Waukesha County Airport and Lawrence J. Timmerman Airport's Class D Airspace beginning 18 miles south-southwest and 14 miles south (respectively) of the field.
The nearest special use airspace is Restricted Airspace R-6903, which is superimposed over the Minnow MOA (Military Operations Area), approx. 20 miles east and northeast of the field, over Lake Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="5915201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915201" title="The Inn at Little Washington">
The Inn at Little Washington

The Inn at Little Washington is a luxury country inn and restaurant located in Washington, Virginia. Patrick O'Connell and Reinhardt Lynch founded the Inn in a former garage in 1978. It has been a member of the Relais & Châteaux hotel group since 1987.
Awards and honors.
The Inn has been featured in several national and international newspapers including "The Washington Post" and "The New York Times". It was the first establishment to ever receive five stars for both its accommodations and its cuisine in the Mobil Travel Guide, a distinction that it still maintains. It repeated this feat by becoming the first restaurant/inn to receive five diamonds from the AAA for both its food and accommodations in 1989. The inn and restaurant maintained that distinction through 2013. The restaurant received five James Beard Foundation awards including those for "Best Service", "Best Wine List", "Restaurant of the Year", "Best Chef in the Mid–Atlantic" and "Chef of the Year". The "International Herald Tribune" rated it as one of the "Top Ten Best Restaurants in the World". Additionally, the Zagat Survey for Washington, D.C., has rated it as number one in all categories for the past 14 years. Travel & Leisure Magazine has ranked the Inn as the number one hotel in the world for food, the number in the world for service, and the number eight in world and number 2 in North America overall. The Restaurant has been awarded Wine Spectator’s “Grand Award” for the last 12 years. Other distinctions include Cigar Aficionado’s “Grand Cru” award for the restaurant’s wine list, and the “Reader’s Top Table” award in Gourmet’s "Restaurant" Issue. 
Andrew Lloyd Webber once claimed, "For my money this little hotel provides the best overall dining experience I can remember in a long while, perhaps my best ever."
The Inn's was detailed in a 2010 article, stating that the Inn's staff "discreetly tries to detect and record the emotional state of each person in a dinner party on a scale of 1 to 10. Their goal is to get you up to at least a "9" before the long drive home. This simple rating system allows the staff at The Inn to make very subtle adjustments to service throughout the night—so that even someone who arrives for dinner in a serious funk will likely wind up walking on country air before the night is through."
Ownership.
Though owned and operated by Patrick O’Connell and Reinhardt Lynch since 1978, the Inn is no longer owned jointly by the former business and romantic partners. Their personal relationship deteriorated in 2006 and precipitated the business split. "The Washington Post" reported that O'Connell, the chef, took out a loan of $17.5 million in January 2007 in order to facilitate a buyout of Lynch and become sole owner of the famous establishment. The specific amount Lynch received was undisclosed.

</doc>
<doc id="5915217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915217" title="Todd Christensen">
Todd Christensen

Todd Jay Christensen (August 3, 1956 – November 13, 2013) was an American football player who played in the National Football League from 1978 until 1988, spending most of that time playing tight end for the Oakland and Los Angeles Raiders. Following his retirement Christensen became a commentator for both professional and collegiate games, working for NBC Sports, ESPN, and CBS Sports Network among others.
Early years.
Christensen was born in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania, on August 3, 1956, to Ned Jay and June Christensen. His father was working on a doctorate degree at Pennsylvania State University at that time. After teaching in West Virginia, his father was offered a professorship in Eugene, Oregon, when Todd was 5 and the family relocated.
Athletically, Christensen’s early desire was to continue excelling in track and field as he had when he set the world records as a 9-year-old boy. "Puberty and adolescence helped me realize that I was not as fast as I had thought," he recalled. "My body went a different direction and that was when I started leaning towards football." He graduated from Sheldon High School in Eugene, and then attended Brigham Young University (BYU) in Utah.
At BYU, Christensen was a four-year starter (1974–1977) at running back, led the team for three consecutive seasons in receiving and was an All-Western Athletic Conference selection in 1977. His career numbers while at BYU: 152 receptions, 1,568 yards and 15 touchdowns. He graduated with a degree in social work in 1978 before embarking on his pro career.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Christensen began his NFL career as a second-round draft pick of the Dallas Cowboys in the 1978 NFL Draft. While playing fullback and leading the team in rushing, he broke his foot in the final exhibition game, so he was placed on injured reserve and couldn't play a down in a season the team went on to play in Super Bowl XIII. The next year the Cowboys wanted to convert him to tight end, but he didn't agree with the move after working one week in his new position, so he was waived at the end of training camp.
New York Giants.
Christensen was claimed off waivers by the New York Giants but only played in one game, and lasted two weeks with the team.
Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders.
After being unclaimed, he was signed by the Oakland Raiders in 1979 and became a key player on special teams. After three seasons of unspectacular statistics (including the Raiders' Super Bowl winning campaign in 1980), Christensen broke out in 1982, catching 42 passes for 510 yards and four touchdowns during the strike-shortened season, helping the Raiders to the best record in the NFL. The next year, Christensen caught 92 passes for a career high 1,247 yards and 12 touchdowns and earned the first of his five trips to the Pro Bowl for his efforts. His total catches led the NFL, making him the second tight end to ever do this (Kellen Winslow was the other). The Raiders finished the season with a resounding 38–9 victory over the Washington Redskins in Super Bowl XVIII. Christensen topped 1,000 yards again in 1984, catching 82 passes in the process. He hit 80 receptions again the following year, missing 1,000 yards by just 13 yards. The 1986 NFL season was Christensen's last big one statistically. He ended the year with a career-high, league-leading 95 receptions for 1,153 yards and eight touchdowns. He also became the first tight end in history to catch 90 passes in each of two consecutive seasons.
Christensen's 1987 campaign was cut short, but in 12 games he still managed to catch 47 balls (a little fewer than four per game). His 663 yards averaged to 14.1 yards per reception, a career high in seasons where he caught at least 40 passes. In Christensen's final year, he missed more than half the season with injuries. He only caught 15 passes, with none going for touchdowns, and then he retired from pro football.
In his career, Christensen caught 461 passes for 5,872 yards and 41 touchdowns. In eight postseason games, he caught 31 balls for 358 yards and only one touchdown. He led the league in receptions twice, and his 349 receptions from 1983 through 86 (four seasons) was an NFL record.
After the NFL.
Following his football career Christensen had tryouts with the Oakland Athletics and the Anaheim Angels but found his niche in Masters Track and Field where he set an age-group World Record in the Heptathlon and was the top decathlete in the world for ages 45-and-over. Christensen became a broadcaster, co-hosting the second half of the first season of "American Gladiators" with Mike Adamle. He later joined the "NFL on NBC" as a color commentator from 1990 to 1994, teaming up with Charlie Jones for the first four years (see List of NFL on NBC commentator pairings).
In 1994, Christensen guest-starred on an episode of "Married... with Children" titled "Kelly Knows Something."
Christensen did color commentary for ESPN's college football coverage before moving to MountainWest Sports Network. Christensen would remain with "the mtn." until the network shut down in June 2012. Christensen was announced as the new analyst for CBS Sports Network Navy games in August 2012. In 2000, he was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame.
Christensen died at age 57 on November 13, 2013, from complications during liver transplant surgery at Intermountain Medical Center in Murray, Utah, near his home in Alpine. He had battled liver disease and related illnesses for about two years, though his son, Tory, said his liver issues began with a "botched" gall-bladder operation 25 years ago. 

</doc>
<doc id="5915223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915223" title="Simmons SDS-V">
Simmons SDS-V

The Simmons SDS 5, SDSV, or Simmons Drum Synthesizer (notated as "SDS-V" on the following) was the first viable electronic replacement for acoustic drums. It was developed by Richard James Burgess and Dave Simmons, manufactured initially by Musicaid in Hatfield, UK, and commercially released in 1981. After Musicaid went bankrupt, Simmons set up a new manufacturing company under his name, Simmons. 
Burgess pioneered the use of the SDS-V, triggering the prototype version with a Roland MC-8 Microcomposer in 1979 to make Landscape's groundbreaking computer-programmed futurist album "From the Tea-Rooms of Mars... To the Hell-Holes of Uranus". Burgess's original concept had been to make a machine which could be played by a drummer as a replacement for acoustic drums. This idea was developed from dealing with the problems of audio spill via the microphones on a live stage and was fleshed out via an article he wrote for "Sound International Magazine" in 1979 called "Skin and Syn". He finally recorded the first example of the SDS-V to be played by a drummer in 1981 when he produced the Spandau Ballet hit, "Chant No. 1 (I Don't Need This Pressure On)", featuring John Keeble on the now famous hexagonal pads and the first production SDS-V 'brain', which immediately became popular with several 1980s musicians.
Idea.
Burgess had been triggering electronics from his acoustic drums both live and in the studio throughout the 1970s, but he really wanted a drum synthesiser that would stand alone and would allow adjustment of the individual parameters of the drum sound. For live applications he realised some sort of sound memory would be essential so they came up with the cost-effective idea of four (adjustable) presets for each module which were preloaded so, even without programming experience, something decent could be coaxed out of it.
Pads.
The pads were made from extremely hard plastic material that was used in police riot shields. They were robust and could take a serious beating, but many drummers complained of wrist and elbow ache. Subsequent versions of the SDS line introduced rubber pads that were kinder on drummers but many felt that the later revisions of the electronics lacked the character of the original SDS-V.
The futuristic hexagonal pads were Burgess's idea based on the idea of interlocking shapes and inspired by a honeycomb. Many other prototype shapes were tested including batwings and triangles, and there were a very limited number of production kits made that were known as the Rushmore headkits that featured fiberglass faces as the body/shell of the 'drum'.
Modules.
The standard SDS-V was loaded with 5 modules: Bass, Snare and three Tom Toms, which looked almost identical, with controls for noise level, tone level, bend, decay time, noise tone (a simple filter) and click drum control which added extra attack derived from pad impact. Each module's parameters were optimised for the drum it was designed to emulate. Optional Cymbal and Hi-Hat modules were also available with open and closed hi-hats controlled from an external pedal. There was also a mixer section with individual volume control for each module (only into the mono/stereo output) and controls for pad sensitivity.
Outputs were balanced XLRs for live and studio applications (pins 1 & 2 ground, pin 3 hot), however the XLR pad input wiring on the SDS-V was unconventional - the User Manual states that pin 2 is hot and pins 1 & 3 are ground. Each module also had a 1/4" jack trigger input allowing triggering from various sources including the SDS-6 and even audio (for example from a drum machine).

</doc>
<doc id="5915226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915226" title="Robert III, Prince of Capua">
Robert III, Prince of Capua

Robert III (1153–1160c) was the second son of William I of Sicily and Margaret of Navarre. He was an infant when first appointed Prince of Capua after his father's succession in 1157. He died three years later, around 1160. He was technically the third Robert of Capua. His younger brother Henry was made Prince of Capua in his place.

</doc>
<doc id="5915229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915229" title="Battle of Shiting">
Battle of Shiting

The Battle of Shiting was fought between the contending states of Cao Wei and Eastern Wu in 228 during the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history. The battle concluded with victory of Wu over Wei.
Battle.
Sun Quan ordered Zhou Fang to lay a trap for Cao Xiu, the commander-in-chief of Wei, by pretending to defect. Cao Xiu was deceived into leading his troops straight into Wan. Then, Sun Quan appointed Lu Xun as Grand Chief Commander, commanding him to lead an attack against Cao Xiu. On the way to the camping area, Cao Xiu was ambushed as planned. Cao Xiu was unable to gain the upper hand in battle, and thus retreated to make camp at Shiting. However, the camp was disturbed in the middle of night, and the soldiers ran away in disarray. Many sets of armor and carts of supplies were abandoned. Cao Xiu sent in a memorial acknowledging his fault. Many of his men were killed. When he looked around for Zhou Fang, Zhou was nowhere to be found. He then knew he had been duped. When Cao Xiu realized that he was tricked, he was too ashamed to turn back; so, thinking that he had more troops and supplies, he chose to engage Lu Xun's army. Lu Xun personally led the central force and ordered Zhu Huan (朱桓) and Quan Cong to take the left and right flanks. The three armies advanced simultaneously, and decisively took on Cao Xiu's ambushing troops. Following that, the Wu troops pursued hard on the fleeing Cao army until they reached Jiashi, where they annihilated some 10,000 men and won over 10,000 spoils of war; in addition, All of the Wei army's equipment and weaponry were looted. Lu Xun regrouped his men; and when he passed by Wuchang, Sun Quan instructed his attendants to shield Lu Xun with his own canopy when entering and leaving the palace doors.
Sun Quan bestowed upon Lu Xun as reward were imperial items, precious items of the finest grade. The honor Lu Xun received was matched by no one in that era.
Cao Xiu barely escaped the battlefield with his life. Indeed, he died a few months later of an ulcer on his back, even after having been pardoned by the Emperor of Wei, Cao Rui.
According to legend, Cao Xiu did not believe Zhou Fang at first. Zhou Fang cut off his famous locks of hair to prove his "loyalty". In any case, Zhou Fang knew the territory, so he started to lead Cao Xiu into a clearing, where Cao could set up camp. However, before they left, Cao Xiu was advised not to trust Zhou Fang by one of his advisers, Jia Kui. Cao Xiu did not heed his words; however, and not only went on with Zhou Fang's ploy, but removed Jia Kui from the campaign and decided to march with 70,000 troops.
Jia Kui, who had come along with Cao Xiu, helped Cao retreat from the ambush. For this, Jia Kui was highly praised by the emperor Cao Rui himself, and given many promotions. He lived the last years of his life in happiness.

</doc>
<doc id="5915240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915240" title="Ignazio Abate">
Ignazio Abate

Ignazio Abate (; born 12 November 1986) is an Italian profesional footballer who plays as a fullback for Milan in Serie A. He is renowned for his quick sprints down the right wing.
Abate started playing football with amateur club Rescaldina, before joining Milan's youth system in 1999. Since 2004, he spends his five years in various loan spells with several Italian clubs, before back to Milan in 2009. He has an important role when Milan won their 18th Scudetto in 2011.
Abate has represented the Italy national team and Italy U21 national team, and also played for the Italy U19 national team and Italy U20 national team. Prior to starring for the senior team, he represented his country in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2009 European U-21 Championship. He made his senior international debut in November 2011, in a friendly match against Poland and since then has represented the country in UEFA Euro 2012. Nearly two years after his debut, Abate scored his first international goal against Germany in November 2013.
Early years.
Abate was born in Sant'Agata de' Goti, the son of former Italian goalkeeper Beniamino Abate.
Club career.
Early career.
Abate started playing football with amateur club Rescaldina, before joining Milan's youth system in 1999. During the 2003–04 season, he made his professional debut, playing in a Coppa Italia game against Sampdoria on 3 December. He also made his debut in European competitions, in a Champions League group-stage game versus Celta Vigo on 9 December. In that match he set the record as the youngest Milan player to ever play in the UEFA Champions League, at 1 years and 27 days.
Various loan spells (2004–2007).
For the 2004–05 season he was loaned out to Napoli in Serie C1, where he made 29 appearances and scored 2 goals. In the summer of 2005 he had been set to spend the following season on loan to Serie A side Sampdoria. However, prior to the actual start of the competitions, he was called back and loaned to Piacenza instead, though he only made 13 appearances in his first Serie B season. The following one was more successful for the young winger, who made 38 appearances during his loan spell at Modena.
Serie A debut (2007–2009).
In the 2007–08 season Abate eventually made his Serie A debut, after being acquired by Empoli in a co-ownership deal, for €900,000. That year, he also scored his first goal in Serie A, in a match against Genoa, on 27 April 2008. Following Empoli's relegation, Milan fully purchased him for €2 million as well as Luca Antonini for €2.9M (and sold Nicola Pozzi and Lino Marzoratti for €4.75M total fee) only to send him to Torino in another co-ownership deal, for €2 million. Despite an early injury, he had a good season, appearing in 25 games and scoring 1 goal.
Back to Milan.
On 24 June 2009, Milan reclaimed Abate for €2.55 million and this time he was included in the team roster for the upcoming 2009–10 season. After serving mainly as a reserve midfielder in the first few games, he later started to be employed as the regular right back by Milan head coach, Leonardo. Due to his good performances, on 11 February 2010 he was offered and signed an extension to his contract until 2014.
New coach Allegri kept him in the same position for the 2010–11 season. His dribbling skills and speed in the right wing allowed him to out run opponent defenders, his crossing into the center also result in goals regularly. His solid defense has also lent a hand in winning Milan their 18th Scudetto and the Super Coppa Italiana.
International career.
After playing at various levels of youth international football, Abate made his U–21 debut with Italy in a friendly against Luxembourg, coming off the bench during the second half, on 12 December 2006.
With the Olympic national team coached by Casiraghi, he won the 2008 Toulon Tournament, in which he played four games and scored a goal against the United States. He also took part in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
He then participated in the 2009 European U-21 Championship held in Sweden, making two appearances.
Abate was a member of the Italian squad for UEFA Euro 2012.
Personal life.
Ignazio Abate is currently married to an Italian woman, Valentina Abate. Abate and his wife have one child, a son, Matteo Abate, born on 19 November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5915243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915243" title="How the Quest Was Won">
How the Quest Was Won

How the Quest Was Won was a TV series on ABC Network (Australia) that aired Friday 6.30PM in 2004-2005.
Hosted by Sam Longley, the series focused on sending three reporters (Jimmy Eaton, Brendan Hutchens, Sam Longley, Jane Cunningham) on a weekly challenge. The reporters commonly complete a quest to gain an insight into varying topics such as homelessness or life as a senior.

</doc>
<doc id="5915252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915252" title="The Obsidian Chronicles">
The Obsidian Chronicles

The Obsidian Chronicles are a trilogy by Lawrence Watt-Evans. The three books are Dragon Weather, The Dragon Society, and Dragon Venom.
It centers around a boy named Arlian and his quest for vengeance against the dragons that destroyed his hometown and killed his family, and against the man who sold him into slavery, the mysterious and ruthless Lord Dragon. Along the way, Arlian will uncover the secret behind draconic reproduction, and even how to make a god.

</doc>
<doc id="5915262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915262" title="1998 PBA season">
1998 PBA season

The 1998 PBA season was the 24th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="5915266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915266" title="Voukourestiou Street">
Voukourestiou Street

Voukourestiou Street (Greek: Οδός Βουκουρεστίου, "Odos Voukourestiou") named after the Treaty of Bucharest, which in 1913 ended the second Balkan War, is a rather narrow street in the Kolonaki district of Athens known for its high-end boutiques. Starting in the 1950s, this street was "the" street for hip and trendy European and American goods in the Greek capital as well as gold and jewellery shops. Running from Panepistimiou Street to the slope of Mt. Lycabettus, the street epitomized fancy shopping in Greece for generations.
Voukourestiou Street is one of the four streets (the others are Stadiou Street, Amerikis Street and Panepistimiou Street) which enclose the large building of the former Army Shareholders' Fund. Now the building houses the "Attica Department Store" and the headquarters of the Piraeus Bank. Among others, there are a spa, three theatres and three cafés and restaurants, one of which is the famous "Zonar's–Le café d'Athènes". The building is crossed by an arcade which connects Voukourestiou and Amerikis Streets. This block—recently known as "Athens City Link"—houses the majority of the high-end boutiques in central Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="5915281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915281" title="25th Genie Awards">
25th Genie Awards

The 25th Genie Awards were held on March 21, 2005 to honour the best Canadian films released in 2004. The awards took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre in Toronto.
Andrea Martin was the host.
Nominees and winners.
The Genie Award winner in each category is shown in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="5915288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915288" title="Walthère Frère-Orban">
Walthère Frère-Orban

Hubert Joseph Walthère Frère-Orban (22 April 1812 - 2 January 1896) was a Belgian liberal politician and statesman.
Early life.
He was born at Liège, received his education at home and in Paris, and began the practice of law in his native town. He identified himself with the Liberal party, and was conspicuous in the controversy with the Catholic clergy.
Career.
In 1846, he wrote the program, which was accepted as the charter for a liberal political party. In 1847 he was elected to the Belgian Chamber and appointed Minister of Public Works. and from 1848 to 1852 he held the portfolio of Finance. He founded the national bank of Belgium, reduced postage, abolished the newspaper tax and was a strong advocate of free trade.
His work, "" (1854–57), directed against the Conservatives, produced a great effect on the position of parties in Belgium. As a result, in 1857, the Liberals returned to power and Frère-Orban became once more Minister of Finance in the cabinet of Charles Rogier, whom he succeeded to become the 11th Prime Minister in 1868. In 1870 the Catholics regained their supremacy and forced him to retire, but from 1878 to 1884 he was again at the head of the cabinet, most notably breaking off diplomatic relations with the Vatican in 1880 (which were restored in 1884).
Standing as a liberal again in the October 1894 elections, he categorically refused the support of Catholics against progressives and socialists. He was not re-elected, defeated by the socialist Célestin Demblon.
Weakened by illness, he died 2 January 1896. Frère-Orban lies in its birthplace, Liège, in the cemetery of Robermont.
Political philosophy.
Frère-Orban's liberalism consisted in the assertion of the authority of the state over the church and the defense of the system of secular public instruction against the clergy. He was at all times opposed to the "undue extension" of the suffrage. Among other works he wrote "Le question monétaire".

</doc>
<doc id="5915299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915299" title="Jon Lord (politician)">
Jon Lord (politician)

Jonathan Joseph Lord (December 29, 1956 – March 25, 2014) was a Canadian politician and member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from Alberta, Canada.
Early life.
Lord was born Jonathan Joseph Brown in Calgary and raised in on a homestead in rural Central Alberta. Lord started his first business at age 18 (A Appolo Painting - named as such so that it would be listed in the first page of the phone book) and has owned and operated small businesses ever since. As a young adult, Brown, a diehard fan of the band Deep Purple, changed his surname to Lord as a tribute to one of their founders, Jon Lord. Lord attended the University of Alberta studying Business Administration and Commerce (first class standing). He then established Casablanca Video in Calgary, which became the 11-time Readers Choice Award Winner as Calgary's best Video Rental outlet ("FFWD" magazine). Casablanca was honoured as one of four finalists for Alberta Small Business of the Year, Premier's Award, Alberta Chamber of Commerce in 2007 and in 2012 was still open as one of Canada's oldest surviving video rental outlets. Casablanca is well known in the community for its support of volunteer charities and local community initiatives. In 1985, Lord was the Founding Chairman of one of Alberta's first Business Revitalization Zones (BRZ) which named the district "Marda Loop" in 1985. Lord was Founding Chairman of Alberta's first BRZ Summerfestival which they named Marda Loop "Marda Gras" summer festival,first held in 1985. Lord became the Founding Chairman of the Federation of Business Revitalization Zones (FedBRZ), representing all the provincial BRZs in the Province of Alberta, encompassing about 5000 mostly small businesses.
Political career.
Lord ran for Calgary City Council in 1995, and was elected as Alderman for Ward 8 for two consecutive terms. Lord introduced ISO14000 while on Council, now the basis of the City's environmental planning policies. 
In the 2001 Alberta election, Lord was the Progressive Conservative candidate for the electoral district of Calgary-Currie and was elected Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA). Lord served on many MLA committees, including Chair of the School Construction and Operating Costs, which identified potential saving of 25% in new school building costs, Chair of the Secondary Suites Review Committee which established building codes for secondary suites under the Alberta Building Codes for the first time, Chair of Special Places 2000 which finalized the designation as environmentally protected of nearly 7000 km2 of provincial land and created over 60 new provincial parks. He also served on the Alberta's Place within Confederation Committee. Lord was one of three MLAs who requested and formed the so-called Dumb Rules committee, aimed at reducing red tape and government inefficiencies. 
In the 2004 Alberta election Lord was defeated by Dave Taylor of the Liberals.
In the 2010 Calgary election Lord came in fifth place of 17 candidates who had not dropped out, and was selected as "Best Choice" for Calgary Mayor by the Foundation for Democratic Advancement in a 96-page audit of mayoral candidates. Lord spent $40,000 in this election in which most top finishers spent over $300,000 - one spent $1 million, but also did not win. The election was won by Naheed Nenshi with reported expenditures of $404,000. 
Lord ran for the Conservative nomination for the Calgary Centre by-election held in late 2012. 
Lord ran in the 2013 Calgary civic election for mayor. He gained 21% of the popular votes and lost to incumbent Naheed Nenshi.
He was Chairman of BBQ on the Bow, Canada's oldest Kansas City Barbeque Society sanctioned barbecue competition.
Death.
Lord died of a heart attack at his home in Calgary on March 25, 2014. He was 57.

</doc>
<doc id="5915340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915340" title="United States Senate election in New York, 2000">
United States Senate election in New York, 2000

The United States Senate election in New York in 2000 was held on November 7, 2000. First Lady of the United States Hillary Rodham Clinton, the first First Lady to run for political office, defeated Congressman Rick Lazio. The general election coincided with the 2000 U.S. presidential election.
The race began in November 1998 when four-term incumbent New York Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan announced his retirement. Both the Democratic Party and Republican Party sought high-profile candidates to compete for the open seat. By early 1999 Clinton and Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani were the likely respective nominees. The lead in statewide polls swung from Clinton to Giuliani and back to Clinton as the campaigns featured successful strategies, mistakes, and dealing with current events. In late April and May 2000, Giuliani's medical, romantic, marital, and political lives all collided in a tumultuous four-week period, culminating in his withdrawing from the race.
The Republicans chose lesser-known Congressman Rick Lazio to replace him. The election included a record $90 million in campaign expenditures between Clinton, Lazio, and Giuliani and national visibility. Clinton showed strength in normally Republican upstate areas and a debate blunder by Lazio solidified Clinton's previously shaky support among women. Clinton won the election in November 2000 with 55 percent of the vote to Lazio's 43 percent.
An open seat draws high-profile candidates.
When four-term New York Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan announced his retirement in November 1998, his previously safe Senate seat became open in the 2000 U.S. Senate election. Both parties tried to find high-profile candidates to run for it.
New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who was prevented by term limits from running for mayoral reelection in 2001, immediately indicated interest. Due to his high profile and visibility, Giuliani was supported by the state Republican Party, even though he had irritated many by endorsing incumbent Democratic Governor Mario Cuomo over Republican George Pataki in 1994. 
Giuliani became the presumptive Republican nominee, and by April 1999 had formed a formal exploratory committee for a Senate run. There were still possible Republican primary opponents. Rick Lazio, a Congressman representing Suffolk County on Long Island, was raising money and had a candidacy announcement scheduled for August 16; he had openly discussed a primary against Giuliani, believing his more conservative record would be appealing to Republican primary voters. In early August, under pressure from state and national Republican figures, Pataki endorsed Giuliani. Pataki prevailed upon Lazio to forgo his candidacy, which Lazio agreed to despite frustration that Giuliani had still not officially announced that he was running; Lazio said, "If the mayor wants to be a candidate, I think he needs to get into this race. It's time to put the soap opera aside and step up to the plate." Nassau County Congressman Pete King also considered running and had raised some funds.
New York Congresswoman Nita Lowey was the candidate first expected to be the Democratic nominee, while other mentioned possible candidates included Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Andrew Cuomo, New York State Comptroller Carl McCall, and New York Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney. State Democratic figures were concerned that neither Lowey nor the others had the star power to rival Giuliani, and that the seat would be lost.
Late in 1998,
prominent Democratic politicians and advisors, including New York Representative Charles Rangel, urged First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton to run for the New York Senate seat. An unprecedented action if she did it, Clinton spent considerable time mulling over the idea while Lowey waited in the wings. Her political advisors told her the race would be difficult and some of them told her she would lose. She waited for the impeachment proceedings of Bill Clinton to conclude, which it did with his acquittal on February 12, 1999.
The early Clinton campaign.
On February 16, 1999, the First Lady's office announced that she was considering running for the Senate position. Once it was clear Clinton was going to run, Lowey stepped aside, although she would be disappointed at the lost opportunity. On July 7, 1999, Clinton formally announced an exploratory committee for the Senate run; the setting was Moynihan's farm in Pindars Corners, in rural Delaware County. Bill Clinton was less than enthusiastic about her candidacy. The staging of the event was brokered by the Clintons' political consultant Mandy Grunwald. Hillary Clinton embarked upon a "listening tour" of all parts of New York after her entrance into the race. She planned to visit all 62 counties in New York, talking to New Yorkers in small-group settings according to the principles of retail politics. During the race, she spent considerable time campaigning in traditionally Republican upstate regions. Clinton faced charges of carpetbagging, since she had never resided in the State of New York nor directly participated in state politics prior to her Senate race. 
Meanwhile, in September 1999, the Clintons purchased a $1.5 million home in Chappaqua, New York, north of New York City. Even the commonplace activity of house hunting leading up to this was the subject of considerable media attention; coverage of personal lives would be the norm in this contest of two "electrifying and polarizing figures".
The early stages of her campaign were not without mistakes, and as she later wrote, "Mistakes in New York politics aren't easily brushed aside."
In a much-publicized move, Clinton donned a New York Yankees baseball cap at a June 1999 event when she had been a lifelong fan of the Chicago Cubs. This brought her much criticism, and Thomas Kuiper would later write an anti-Clinton book titled: "I've Always Been a Yankees Fan: Hillary Clinton in Her Own Words". Clinton said she had to develop an American League rooting interest, since fans of the Cubs were not expected to root for the American League Chicago White Sox. In her 2003 autobiography, she said that putting on the hat had been a "bad move", but reiterated what had been reported in the press prior to the incident, that she had been "a die-hard Mickey Mantle fan;" the book included a photograph of her with a Yankees cap on from 1992.
More seriously, on November 11, 1999, at the dedication of a U.S.-funded health program in the West Bank, she exchanged kisses with Suha Arafat, wife of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, after Suha Arafat had delivered a speech claiming that Israel had deliberately poisoned Palestinians through environmental degradation and the use of "poisonous gas". Some Israeli supporters said that Clinton never should have kissed the wife of the Palestinian leader, especially after such inflammatory remarks. The following day, Clinton denounced Suha Arafat's allegations, and said that Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat had told her Suha Arafat had been referring to 'tear gas' and not 'poison gas'. The kiss became a campaign issue, especially with Jewish voters. Clinton said it as a formality akin to a handshake, saying that to not have done so would have caused a diplomatic incident. Clinton later wrote that the live Arabic-to-English translation had failed to convey the accurate nature of her remarks: "Had I been aware of her hateful words, I would have denounced them on the spot."
Somewhat surprisingly, Clinton faced an erosion of support from women voters during her campaign, with her numbers declining throughout 1999. This was partly a typical pattern seen with women candidates where they have an early surge of female support, which then wears off, and it was partly due to her early campaign stumbles. But it also reflected the particular set of mixed feelings that women had towards Clinton's marriage and the ambition and the power she derived from it. The problem was especially acute among some female demographics; one of her longtime advisers later said, "Women in the educated professional class? They fucking couldn't stand her. We could never figure out why. We had psychologists come in." 
Clinton's campaign to all counties, carried by a Ford conversion van, helped to defuse the carpetbagger issue, with many New York residents saying that Clinton "seems like one of us." She discussed local issues such as price supports for the dairy industry, fares for air travel, college tuition levels, and the brain drain in parts of the state. Her political positions were well matched to the different constituencies in the state that she targeted. In a January 2000 appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman", she established a rapport with the host that would continue throughout her Senate years and into her 2008 presidential campaign. Clinton formally announced her official candidacy in Purchase, New York in February 2000, adopting the simple name "Hillary" for her campaign literature.
Distrustful of the press since her husband's 1992 presidential campaign and her early days as First Lady, she imposed limits on her availability to the press van following her. Associated Press reporter Beth Harpaz later recounted a typical day from this time: "But we'd been told there'd be no 'avail' today, and we'd accepted it. That didn't prevent me from feeling slightly humiliated. I was so worn down and so exasperated by the lack of access and the lack of news in this campaign that I'd given up fighting."
The early Giuliani campaign.
An early January 1999 Marist Institute of Public Opinion poll showed Giuliani trailing Clinton by 10 points. By January 2000, the Marist poll showed Giuliani up by 9 points. Giuliani's tactics involved intentionally baiting the Clinton campaign with deliberate overstatements, keeping them off balance and behind in the response cycle. Giuliani emphasized his depiction of Clinton as a carpetbagger. He made a one-day visit to Little Rock, Arkansas, where he announced he would fly the Arkansas state flag over New York's City Hall. When Hillary Clinton visited New York from Washington, he said, “I hope she knows the way. I hope she doesn’t get lost on one of the side streets.” Giuliani's campaign prepared a 315-page opposition research dossier that went back to her time at Wellesley College; it included eleven pages of what they termed "Stupid Actions and Remarks". The Giuliani campaign had no problems raising money, getting over 40 percent of its funds from out-of-state and outraising Clinton overall two-to-one.
The Giuliani campaign showed some structural weaknesses. So closely identified with New York City, he had somewhat limited appeal to naturally Republican voters in Upstate New York. The Farmersville Garbage Scandal was indicative of his lower levels of support upstate. By late December 1999, Clinton adapted to Giuliani's psychological warfare, saying in response to one such gambit, "I can’t be responding every time the mayor gets angry. Because that’s all I would do." A February 2000 attempt by Giuliani to capitalize on a Clinton campaign event's accidental playing of Billy Joel's suburban drug tale "Captain Jack" led to more ridicule for him than for her.
On March 11, 2000, Giuliani and Clinton met face-to-face for the first time since the campaigning began, at the New York Inner Circle press dinner, an annual event in which New York politicians and the press corps stage skits, roast each other and make fun of themselves, with proceeds going to charity.
Giuliani was on stage in male disco garb spoofing John Travolta in "Saturday Night Fever", but also appeared in drag in taped video clips that reworked the "Rudy/Rudia" theme of a past Inner Circle dinner, as well as in an exchange with Joan Rivers that sought to make fun of Clinton. Other performers' skits made fun of Clinton's Yankees claim and the infidelity of her husband.
The New York Police Department's fatal shooting of Patrick Dorismond on March 15, 2000 inflamed Giuliani's already strained relations with the city's minority communities, and Clinton seized on it as a major campaign issue. By April, reports showed Clinton gaining upstate and generally outworking Giuliani, who stated that his duties as mayor prevented him from campaigning more. He gave priority to city duties over campaign activities. Some Giuliani aides and national Republican figures concluded that his interest in the campaign was flagging, as although he was desirous of winning in political combat against a Clinton, he was by nature an executive personality and the prospect of serving as one of a hundred legislators was unappealing to him. 
By this time, Clinton was 8 to 10 points ahead of Giuliani in the polls. In retrospect, "The New York Times" would write that the battle so far between the two had comprised "a blistering year of mental gamesmanship, piercing attacks, contrasts in personalities and positions, and blunders, played out by two outsize political figures in a super-heated atmosphere."
A tumultuous four weeks.
Giuliani's marriage to his wife, broadcast journalist and actress Donna Hanover, had been distant since 1996, and the two were rarely seen in public together. There had been no formal announcement of any change in their relationship, although Hanover had indicated that she and their children would not move to Washington if Giuliani won the race. Beginning in October 1999, a new woman was being spotted at mayoral functions. By March 2000, Giuliani had stopped wearing his wedding ring and was being seen more in the company of this other woman, including at the Inner Circle press dinner, the St. Patrick's Day parade, and town hall meetings, but it was not yet fully clear whether the relationship was personal or professional. While this woman had become a frequent subject of insider talk among the New York political circle, she had not been mentioned in the press.
On April 20 Hanover announced that she would soon be taking over the lead role in Eve Ensler's controversial play "The Vagina Monologues". Political observers speculated that Hanover was partly engaging in a political act against her husband, as Ensler was a friend and supporter of Hillary Clinton and the role would not go over well with social conservatives within the Republican Party. Giuliani declined to say whether he would attend one of her performances. On April 22, the "New York Post" obtained photographs of Giuliani openly strolling on a Manhattan street with the other woman after they left a restaurant, but did not have more than a first name for her; the "Post" sat on the story, but it was clear the relationship was a personal one.
On April 26, television channel NY1 reported that Giuliani had undergone a second round of tests for prostate cancer at Mount Sinai Medical Center; the same disease had led to the death of his father. On April 28, Giuliani held a news conference to announce that he did in fact have prostate cancer, but it was in an early stage. He was unsure of which of several types of treatment he might undergo, and that decision would impact whether he could stay in the senate race or not. Hanover was not present at the conference, but issued a note saying she would support him in his decision process.
As Giuliani mulled over his medical options, on May 1 Hanover announced that she was postponing her appearance in "The Vagina Monologues" due to "personal family circumstances." On May 2 the "New York Daily News" published a brief item about Giuliani's other woman, without name or description. On May 3 the "New York Post" finally published its photographs of Giuliani and the woman, now identified as Judith Nathan, leaving a restaurant together, under the front page headline "Rudy's Mystery Brunch Pal is Upper East Side Divorcée". (Some observers felt that Giuliani, known for his ability to manipulate the New York media, had been eager for news of the relationship to come out.) Later that day, Giuliani responded to a barrage of questions on the subject at a news conference by acknowledging Judith Nathan publicly for the first time, calling her "a very good friend" and expressing his annoyance that her privacy was being invaded. The next days were filled with New York media coverage on Nathan's background and on the relationship. On May 6 Hanover held an unusually-located news conference at the back of St. Patrick's Cathedral before the funeral of Cardinal John O'Connor; visibly trembling, she said, "I will be supportive of Rudy in his fight against his illness, as this marriage and this man have been very precious to me." The following day half the press tried to stake out Nathan's known locations while the rest pestered Nathan's hometown relatives in Hazleton, Pennsylvania; Giuliani looked weak in a public appearance.
On May 10, Giuliani held what "The New York Times" described as an "extraordinary, emotional news conference" in Bryant Park to announce that he was seeking a separation from Hanover, saying, "This is very, very painful. For quite some time it's probably been apparent that Donna and I lead in many ways independent and separate lives." Regarding Nathan, Giuliani said "I'm going to need her now more than maybe I did before," making reference to his battle with cancer and her background in nursing. Regarding the senate race, he again did not commit to a decision, saying, "I don't really care about politics right now. I'm thinking about my family, the people that I love and what can be done that's honest and truthful and that protects them the best. I'm not thinking about politics. Politics comes at least second, maybe third, maybe fourth, somewhere else. It'll all work itself out some way politically." Giuliani had, however, neglected to inform Hanover in advance of his announcement; her reaction was described as distraught. Three hours later, she held her own news conference at Gracie Mansion, where she said, "Today's turn of events brings me great sadness. I had hoped to keep this marriage together. For several years, it was difficult to participate in Rudy's public life because of his relationship with one staff member." In this, she was making reference to Cristyne Lategano, the former communications director for Giuliani; "Vanity Fair" had reported in 1997 that Lategano and Giuliani were having an affair, which both of them had denied. Hanover continued, "Beginning last May, I made a major effort to bring us back together. Rudy and I re-established some of our personal intimacy through the fall. At that point, he chose another path."
State Republican leaders, who until now had avoided talk of replacements for Giuliani should he not run, now gave more attention to the matter, with the state party convention coming up on May 30. Former possible contenders Rick Lazio and Pete King immediately indicated they were available; other names mentioned included Wall Street financier Theodore J. Forstmann and Governor Pataki, although the latter indicated no interest.
Giuliani continued to ponder his senate race decision; when he had dinner with Nathan on May 12, they were trailed by a flock of photographers. Giuliani canceled campaigning and fundraising trips to upstate New York and California on May 13, suggesting he would not run, but then resumed fundraising and suggested he was inclined towards running on May 15. Two Republican county chairmen became upset at the indecision, saying, "Like "Waiting for Godot", we have "Waiting for Rudy"," and, "We need a decision. Like tomorrow would be nice. Because this is getting ridiculous." A top state Republican said, "He seem to like the attention. He seems to be going through some sort of catharsis in public. And we're like psychiatrists watching it. I can't quite figure it out. I don't think anybody can." Clinton, meanwhile, said as little as possible about the situation, preferring to let Giuliani's drama play out on its own; on May 17, as he huddled with his doctors over whether to choose surgery or radiation as his treatment while facing conflicting political advice from his aides, she won the unanimous approval of delegates to the Democratic Party state convention at the Pepsi Arena in Albany, New York, giving a constrained acceptance speech because she did not know her general election opponent.
Finally, on May 19, Giuliani held what "The New York Times" again described as "an emotional, riveting news conference" that "reached a new level of introspection" to announce that he was dropping out of the senate race: "This is not the right time for me to run for office. If it were six months ago or it were a year from now or the timing were a little different, maybe it would be different. But it isn't different and that's the way life is." He added that, "I used to think the core of me was in politics, probably. It isn't. When you feel your mortality and your humanity you realize that, that the core of you is first of all being able to take care of your health." He said that he would instead devote the remainder of his mayoralty trying to overcome the hostile relations he had with many of the city's minority groups.
A change of Republicans: Lazio.
While previous Republican nominee candidates and fellow Long Island Congressmen Rick Lazio and Pete King had both indicated an interest in replacing Giuliani, upon Giuliani's withdrawal the state party quickly rallied around Lazio, who had more campaign funds and who was viewed as a potentially strong candidate. In particular, Governor Pataki — who never cared much for Giuliani to begin with — was strongly in favor of Lazio, and praised him as "fresh, unencumbered challenger" to Clinton. This also caused a shuffle in New York's unique third-party ballot-line alignments: the Liberal Party of New York, which was previously set to run Giuliani (whom they had supported in all three of his mayoral races), now switched to Clinton, while the Conservative Party of New York, which had previously been loath to endorse the socially liberal Giuliani (and was set to nominate former Westchester Congressman Joe DioGuardi) lined up behind Lazio. Lazio accepted the unanimous approval of delegates to the Republican Party state convention at a hotel ballroom in Buffalo on May 30.
Clinton now faced a lesser-known candidate in Lazio. While a relative moderate among House Republicans, Lazio had frequently supported former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, an largely despised figure among many New Yorkers. Lazio did bring to the table an ethnic suburban background familiar to many New Yorkers, and had a reputation as an energetic campaigner.
One formality left were New York's late-in-the-season primary elections on September 12, which in this case merely served to ratify the state party conventions' choices. Lazio won unopposed, while Clinton won 82 percent of the vote in easily defeating unknown Manhattan doctor Mark McMahon, who ran on the grounds that "the Clintons have tried to hijack the Democratic Party." For her part, Clinton said that she was "surprised, in a way see her name in the voting booth. I stood there for a minute, staring at my name." In any case, the general election was already well underway.
General election campaign.
The contest drew considerable national attention and both candidates were well-funded. By the end of the race, Democrat Clinton and Republicans Lazio and Giuliani had spent a combined $90 million, the most of any U.S. Senate race in history. Lazio outspent Clinton $40 million to $29 million, with Clinton also getting several million dollars in soft money from Democratic organizations. Among Clinton antagonists circles, direct mail-based fundraising groups such as the Emergency Committee to Stop Hillary Rodham Clinton sprung up, sending out solicitations with apoplectic visions of: just as one Clinton leaves office, another gains office.
Clinton secured a broad base of support, including endorsements from conservation groups and organized labor, but notably not the New York City police and firefighters' unions, which endorsed Lazio. 
While Clinton had a solid base of support in New York City, candidates and observers expected the race to be decided in upstate New York where 45 percent of the state's voters live. During the campaign, Clinton vowed to improve the economic picture in upstate New York, promising that her plan would deliver 200,000 New York jobs over six years. Her plan included specific tax credits with the purpose of rewarding job creation and encouraging business investment, especially in the high-tech sector. She called for targeted personal tax cuts for college tuition and long-term care. 
Lazio faced a unique tactical problem campaigning upstate. The major issue there was the persistently weak local economy, which Lazio hoped to link to his opponent's husband's tenure in office. Attacks on the state of the upstate economy were frequently interpreted as criticism of incumbent Republican governor George Pataki, however, limiting the effect of this line of attack. 
Opponents continued to make the carpetbagging issue a focal point throughout the race and during debates. Talk radio hammered on this, with New York-based Sean Hannity issuing a daily mantra, "Name me three things Hillary Clinton has ever done for the people of New York!" Clinton's supporters pointed out that the state was receptive to national leaders, such as Robert F. Kennedy who was elected to the Senate in 1964 despite similar accusations. In the end, according to exit polls conducted in the race, a majority of the voters dismissed the carpetbagging issue as unimportant.
During the campaign, Independent Counsel Robert Ray filed his final reports regarding the long-running Whitewater, "Travelgate", and "Filegate" investigations of the White House, each of which included specific investigations of Hillary Clinton actions. The reports exonerated her on the files matter, said there was insufficient evidence regarding her role in Whitewater, and said that she had made factually false statements regarding the Travel Office firings but there was insufficient evidence to prosecute her. Although "The New York Times" editorialized that the release of the reports seemed possibly timed to coincide with the Senate election, in practice the findings were not seen as likely to sway many voters' opinions.
A September 13, 2000 debate between Lazio and Clinton proved important. Lazio was on the warpath against soft money and the amounts of it coming from the Democratic National Committee into Clinton's campaign, and challenged Clinton to agree to ban soft money from both campaigns. He left his podium and waved his proposed paper agreement in Clinton's face; many debate viewers thought he had invaded her personal space and as a result Clinton's support among women voters solidified.
Late in the campaign Lazio criticised Clinton for accepting campaign donations from various Arab groups in the wake of the attack. This issue caused former New York Mayor Ed Koch to take out ads telling Lazio to "stop with the sleaze already," and did not change the dynamic of the race.
Results.
Analysis.
Clinton won the election on November 7 with 55% of the vote to Lazio's 43%, a difference larger than most observers had expected. Clinton won the traditionally Democratic base of New York City by large margins, and carried suburban Westchester County, but lost heavily populated Long Island, part of which Lazio represented in Congress. She won surprising victories in Upstate counties, such as Cayuga, Rensselaer, and Niagara, to which her win has been attributed.
In comparison with other results, this 12% margin was smaller than Gore's 25% margin over Bush in the state Presidential contest, was slightly larger than the 10% margin by which fellow New York senator Charles Schumer defeated incumbent Republican Al D'Amato in the hotly contested 1998 race, but was considerably smaller than the 47% margin by which Senator Schumer won reelection in 2004 against little-known Republican challenger Howard Mills. The victory of a Democrat in the Senate election was not assured, because in recent decades the Republicans had won about half the elections for governor and senator.
Lazio's bid was handicapped by the weak performance of George W. Bush in New York in the 2000 election, but it is also clear Hillary Clinton had made substantial inroads in upstate New York prior to Lazio's entry into the race. Exit polls also showed a large gender gap with Clinton running stronger than expected among moderate women and unaffiliated women.
Post-election charges.
Hasidic pardons.
In January 2001, two months after Hillary Clinton's election to the Senate, President Clinton pardoned four residents of the New Square Hasidic enclave in Rockland County, New York, who had been convicted of defrauding the federal government of $30 million by establishing a fictitious religious school.
New Square had voted almost unanimously for Hillary Clinton in the New York Senate race. A lawyer following the matter stated that even if Hillary Clinton had promised to lobby her husband for clemency in exchange for the town's votes — a claim for which there was no proof — it would be difficult to establish a crime had taken place: "Politicians make promises all the time. That's nothing new — or illegal." Hillary Clinton acknowledged sitting in on a post-election meeting discussing possible clemency for the four, but said she had played no part in her husband's decision. 
A federal investigation launched to investigate various Clinton pardons, closed its investigation of the New Square matter in June 2002 by taking no action against Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, or any residents of New Square.
Hollywood fundraiser.
Peter Paul has also filed a civil suit in this matter, "Paul v. Clinton". On April 10, 2006, the judge in charge of the case removed Hillary Clinton as a defendant, citing a lack of evidence. However, she may still be called to testify as a witness in the case. The removal was upheld by the California Second District Court of Appeal on October 16, 2007.
Meanwhile, by the time of Hillary Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign, a 13-minute video produced by Paul and describing his various allegations against Hillary Clinton had become quite popular on the Internet, gaining 1.4 million hits on Google Video and about 350,000 on YouTube in a single week in October 2007.
Legacy.
Clinton's victory would establish her as an effective campaigner and an electoral force on her own, able to capture Republican and independent votes and overcome her polarizing image. She would easily win re-election in 2006, and in 2007 began her presidential campaign for 2008.
Lazio gave up his House seat to run for Senate. Following his defeat, which set a record for the most money spent in a losing Senate effort, he took positions in the corporate world and avoided electoral politics until becoming a candidate in New York's 2010 gubernatorial election. However, he was defeated by a wide margin in the Republican primary.
Giuliani would undergo treatment for his cancer and eventually recover; he would also divorce Donna Hanover and eventually marry Judith Nathan. After his campaign withdrawal, his political future looked uncertain at best. But less than a year after the senate general election, the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks took place, with Giuliani still mayor. Giuliani's performance in the aftermath of September 11 earned him many accolades and resurrected his political prospects. After a successful stint in the private sector, in 2007 he also began his presidential campaign for 2008.
Throughout much of 2007, Clinton and Giuliani led in national polls for their parties' respective nominations, and media reports often looked back to the 2000 "race that wasn't" as a preview of what might lie in wait for the entire nation in 2008. Such extrapolating ended with the Giuliani campaign's precipitous decline and January 2008 withdrawal. Clinton as well failed to gain the 2008 nomination and, in June 2008, she finished in a close second place to Illinois Senator Barack Obama. 
In December 2008, Lowey would have another chance at the Senate seat, when Clinton was nominated for U.S. Secretary of State by President-elect Obama and Lowey was considered a front-runner to be named as her appointed replacement. But Lowey withdrew from consideration, as in the intervening years she had gained enough seniority to become one of the powerful "cardinals" on the House Appropriations Committee and did not want to relinquish that position. When Caroline Kennedy announced her interest in the vacancy, comparisons were drawn to Clinton in 2000, with both being famous people seeking to hold elective office for the first time. Others pointed out that Clinton had won election to the office while Kennedy would first be appointed. In any case, Kennedy's effort soon faltered, in part due to not having the same desire or willingness to work for the seat as Clinton had had, and she soon withdrew as abruptly as she had entered. 
Kirsten Gillibrand received the appointment, and attention then turned to who would run against her in the 2010 Senate special election. By November 2009, Giuliani was seriously considering a run for his old would-have-been Senate seat, but the following month he announced he was not running for it or anything else in 2010, possibly signalling an end to his political career.

</doc>
<doc id="5915375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915375" title="Victoria Louise">
Victoria Louise

Victoria Louise may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5915378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915378" title="Kerri-Anne">
Kerri-Anne

Kerri-Anne was an Australian morning television program shown on the Nine Network, hosted by Kerri-Anne Kennerley. It aired weekdays at 9am for two hours. The final episode of the series aired on 25 November 2011. It was replaced by "Mornings", hosted by Sonia Kruger & David Campbell.
History.
The program debuted on 28 October 2002 on the Nine Network to compete against Network Ten's "Good Morning Australia" with Bert Newton. The show began as a one hour program airing from 9:30 am to 10:30 am five days a week.
In the program's second season in 2003, the show progressed to an hour and a half airing from 9:30 am to 11:00 am. After the network's decision to rest "Here's Humphrey" which had been broadcast since 1965, the show began its third season as a two-hour program airing 9:00 am to 11:00 am.
"Mornings" proved to be a success against "GMA" and by the end of 2005, Newton announced that he would be returning to the Nine Network. As a result, Network Ten cancelled the program and replaced it with "9am with David & Kim" at the start of the 2006 television season. The Seven Network saw the success that its competitors were having with the morning show format and as such created "The Morning Show" which began in June 2007. This meant that all three commercial stations from 9:00 am to 11:00 am now air their own morning show.
However this changed in 2010, were Kerri-Anne only goes up against the Seven Network's "The Morning Show" for the first hour after a re-shuffle of Network Ten's programing. Network Ten's programing shift came after "9am with David and Kim" was axed and replaced by "Ten Morning News" hour at 9am, then following is their new morning show, "The Circle" at 10am.
The program covered a variety of issues and features interviews, music, lifestyle and societal commentary. Jamie Malcolm often appears on the show, presenting some of the infotainments and being a sidekick to Kennerley. "Nine News" updates were presented by Wendy Kingston (Mon-Thurs) and Deborah Knight (Friday) throughout the program.
In 2010, the Nine Network announced that the show would be renamed from "Mornings with Kerri-Anne" to just "Kerri-Anne", part of the shows makeover. The makeover consisted of a brand new set, new graphics and more variety within the program consisting of more news and entertainment. Also within the makeover "Kerri-Anne" a new producer took over being Kerri Elstub who was formally producer for "Weekend Today". This shift also saw the program share the studio with Nine's breakfast TV program "Today". In February 2010, it was also announced that a highlight show will air on Saturdays from 9-10am, showing the best bits of the week. 
Amanda Keller, Brendan Jones, Catriona Rowntree, Sophie Falkiner, Nicky Buckley, Shelley Craft, Mia Freedman, Livinia Nixon, Jaynie Seal, Jamie Malcolm and Steven Jacobs filled in for Kerri-Anne when she was sick or away.
After months of speculation that the Nine Network was looking to replace Kerri-Anne Kennerley in the morning timeslot. In November 2011, the Nine Network announced that the series would finish airing with Kennerley as host. On 25 November 2011, the final episode of "Kerri-Anne" aired and Kennerley bid farewell to the viewers after nine years and the show was replaced by "Mornings" with Sonia Kruger and David Campbell which commenced in 2012.
Segments.
Kerri-Anne included a mix of lifestyle, cooking and interview segments along with advertorials & is presented in front of a live studio audience in Melbourne. The advertorials are for products from home-shopping companies such as Danoz Direct and Global Shop Direct and are presented by Roz Switzer, Jamie Malcolm and Paul Hancock.
Summertime.
During the Summer non-ratings period from December to January, a pre-recorded highlands show was broadcast, featuring notable segments from the year past. Advertorials were still shown.

</doc>
<doc id="5915380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915380" title="Multiplex (TV)">
Multiplex (TV)

A multiplex or mux (called virtual sub-channel in the United States and Canada, and bouquet in France) is the erroneous term given to the grouping of program services that are sub-grouped as interleaved data packets for broadcast over a network or modulated multiplexed medium, which are split out at the receiving end. There are two different types of groupings, which are closely related but not identical.
In the United Kingdom, a terrestrial "multiplex" (usually abbreviated "mux") has a fixed bandwidth of 8 MHz CODFM of interleaved H.222 packets containing a number of "channels". In the United States, a similar arrangement using 6 MHz 8VSB is often described as a "channel" with "virtual sub-channels".
Pay television multiplexes.
Many pay television services on cable and satellite television offer program service packages, in which a single provider offers a number of separate channels to its subscribers. The channels may be distinct in regards to the programming format (for example, one channel offering comedy programming and another carrying action and adventure films), be timeshifted, or offer different views of the same event ( such as overviews of a car race, the view from different drivers' cars or a view of the pits). Some pay television program services offer picture in picture (PIP) capabilities to follow the various feeds simultaneously on one screen. If the hardware allows, several channels in one multiplex can be viewed simultaneously. Pay television multiplexes may be purchased on a subscription or a pay-per-view basis.
Digital subchannels.
Analog television channels, whether terrestrial, cable or satellite, are transmitted as a single program service uncompressed at the same fixed bandwidth, which fills the entire bandwidth available. Digital television channels can be interleved and are in a highly compressed format, so that the bandwidth they require varies due to the bitrate provided to each channel; it is more cost efficient to transmit several channels together so that they share the same bandwidth, each channel have carefully constrained bitrates allocated, so that the sum of all channels fill the fixed bandwidth provided. A group of program services transmitted within a particular bandwidth allocation is erroneously known as a multiplex; or the channels may be called subchannels. Sometimes, when analog transmissions are replaced by digital, the fixed bandwidth of one analog broadcast is allocated to the program services; the bandwidth of one analog broadcast is sufficient for several compressed channels.
A set top box or Integrated Digital Television is required to tune in, receive, and split a channel for viewing. A H.222 transport can contain (depending on the bit-rate available) half a dozen television channels yet only uses the same space of one analog broadcast. 
Any program services, not necessarily from the same broadcaster, can be interleaved on the same transport. Programming from a commercial broadcaster that would not otherwise be available in the station's broadcast area can be transmitted. 
Digital television transports vary in the number of channels that can be transmitted, based on the bandwidth of the multiplex and the broadcast quality specified for each channel. Digital terrestrial offers the least, digital cable and satellite the most bandwidth. 
A single transport may carry conventional television channels, radio, teletext, and sometimes hidden channels carrying metadata or interactive services.
United States.
In the United States, the standard for over-the-air digital transmissions is ATSC, digital cable is based on the worldwide DVB standard, DVB-C ("C" for cable) and transmission via satellite are based on the DVB-S ("S" for satellite) standard, all use multiplexes to deliver various channels to the viewer. Smaller and newer commercial networks, such as The CW and MyNetworkTV, are available in some markets as digital subchannels of stations affiliated with other networks rather than as standalone stations. A transport can also carry radio and interactive television content.
The ATSC 1.0 standard and its early adoption of high-definition television was the best quality available of HD programming until the arrival of the ATSC 2.0 standard. A typical American ATSC 1.0 transport offers three to four channels, in most cases one of them is broadcast in HD (the station's main channel) and the rest of the channels are broadcast in standard definition, due to the limited 6 MHz 8VSB bandwidth used.
Europe.
In Europe, transports are used on CODFM 64-QAM/256-QAM modulated DVB-T and DVB-T2 ("T" for terrestrial) digital terrestrial standards, on CODFM 256-QAM modulated DVB-C digital cable and on CODFM QPSK/8PSK modulated DVB-S digital satellite. Publicly and privately owned television broadcasters use interleaving to broadcast many digital channels over a few transports using the various digital broadcast standards. A typical DVB-T transport in Europe offers four or more standard definition channels transmitted simultaneously; if some channels transmit only for part of the day (for example, a children's channel during daytime, a channel with programs for adults in the evening), many channels may share the same transport.

</doc>
<doc id="5915397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915397" title="Charles Wolf">
Charles Wolf

Charles Wolf may refer to:

</doc>
