<doc id="5886328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886328" title="4th Reconnaissance Battalion">
4th Reconnaissance Battalion

The 4th Reconnaissance Battalion is a reserve reconnaissance battalion in the United States Marine Corps. It falls under the 4th Marine Division and Marine Forces Reserve. 
Organization.
The battalion has broken ground in Marseilles, Illinois for a new Reserve Training Center which will be ready by 2010.
Chronology.
Between 1943–1945 during World War II the unit was designated Company D (Scout), 4th Tank Battalion of 4th Marine Division.
The unit was officially constituted in San Antonio, TX on 28 August 1948, as Company "C" of 20th Infantry Battalion. Since that time San Antonio area Marines have served variously as the 7th Rifle Company, 14th Infantry Battalion.
History.
World War II.
The unit fought in the Battle of Kwajalein, Battle of Saipan, Battle of Tinian and the Battle of Iwo Jima.
Eniwetok, February–March 1944.
The Planning for the seizure of Eniwetok began when the fighting was still taking place on Kwajalein. The D-Day for Eniwetok was scheduled for 17 February 1944. Eniwetok is made up of forty islets or more and was given the operation codename, DOWNSIDE. The preliminary pre-D-Day amphibious reconnaissance was performed by both Captain Edward Katzenbach's designated 4th Marine Division's Company D (Scout), 4th Tank Battalion, and Captain James Jones's Amphibious Reconnaissance Company of the V Amphibious Corps.
The landing plan encompassed four phases, on D-Day, three islets in the north of the atoll were to be seized. Two were to be used for artillery bases, Aistu and Rujioru—codenamed CAMELIA and CANNA. Bogen Island, or ZINNIA, lies north of the islet of Engebi (FRAGILE). ZINNIA was tasked to be seized by Katzenbach's 4th Division Scouts while Jones's company was ordered to recon and seize CAMELIA and CANNA. Katzenbach and his scouts fought the heavy surf and fierce 25-knot winds, which instead forced them to land on an island next to ZINNIA. By 0327 on D+1, the scout Marines crossed over to Bogen and declared it secured.
General Thomas E. Watson, assistant division commander of 4th Marine Division, ordered both the amphib recon and scout companies to continue reconnoitering, seizing and clearing other islands in the atoll, moving south toward the islet of Japtan, or LADYSLIPPER. While VAC Amphib Recon Company were operating on Parry island, or LILAC, in the eastern-side, Katzenbach's Scouts were clearing the islands and coral outcroppings on the western-side of DOWNSIDE. Once Katzenbach reached the larger islet of Rigii (POSY), 20 miles west of LILAC, and were engaged by hostile fire from the Japanese defenders; the scouts killed nine Japanese before declaring POSY secured.
After the seizure of both Aitsu and Rujioru, artillery emplaced on the two islands and were used in fire support for the occupation landing forces on Engebi, or FRAGILE. General Watson attached the 2nd Separate Tank Company from 22nd Marines and Captains Jones's and Katzenbach's recon and scout companies to the Army 106th Infantry Regiment (less 2nd Battalion) and designated the reinforced unit as 3rd Battalion, 106th Infantry (3/106) as reserve.
At 0908, the Marines hit the beach for the main assault of 1st and 2nd Battalions of 22nd Marine Regiment. Third Battalion were called in early to follow in trace. At 1230, both the VAC Amphib Recon Company and 4th Division Scout Company were ordered to augmented the 22nd Marines. Jones's company reported to 1st Battalion and Katzenbach's company reported to 2nd Battalion, both landing at 1320. On 23 February 1944, the Eniwetok Atoll was declared secured, closing Operation DOWNSIDE.
Saipan, June 1944.
Company D (Scout) performed a series of special missions with 2nd Marine Division's scout company, that included a recon detachment with 1st Battalion, 9th Marine Regiment (1/9). Seizing the summit of Mount Tapochau later repulsed a Japanese counterattack on that highest point of Saipan.
Iwo Jima, February 1945.
Before the operations of Iwo Jima, two officers and twenty enlisted scout-recon Marines from the scout and sniper platoons of 4th and 5th Marine Division and three amphib recon Marines from Company B of VAC Amphib Recon Battalion, FMFPAC were detached to composite together a "provisional amphibious reconnaissance group" made up of recon Marines and four Underwater Demolition Teams (#12, #13, #14 and #15). The reason was to expedite the passage and briefing of raw beach and enemy information to their own respective parent operations (S-3) and intelligence (S-2) staffs. Embarking on the augmented recon and UDT team, along with the four UDTs embarked on high-speed transport ships , , and , and headed to Iwo Jima, arriving just off the eastern beaches of Iwo Jima on the morning of 17 February 1945, two days prior to D-Day (D-2).
Naval gunfire support commenced from battleships , and and by 1025, Admiral William Blandy ordered the fire-support battleships to retire and clear the approach lanes for the UDT and recon Marines. The UDT and Marines were tasked with taking photographs of the beaches and enemy defenses, if possible. At 1100, the four APDs slowed and dropped the Higgins boats, launching their rubber boats. While they made their preliminary landing toward shore, they immediately encountered enemy fire. Evading fire, they made their way to the beachhead, every one of the twelve landing personnel carriers were either hit or sinking. After completing their photo reconnaissance, they made their way on the remaining landing craft still floatable and returned to the APDs.
Korean War.
In 1950, with the outbreak of the Korean War the Marine Corps Reserve was activated. San Antonio Marines joined the mobilization via troop train to Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, California in July 1950.
Interim years.
February 1991—March 1991, the Marines of 4th Reconnaissance Battalion volunteered for extended active duty in support of three counter-narcotic operations under the control of Joint Task Force Six headquarters in El Paso, TX.
Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Marines from 4th Reconnaissance Battalion have served multiple combat tours in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom supporting active-duty Force Reconnaissance units and Division-level reconnaissance units. In 2003 Delta Company, attached to 1st Recon Battalion, was one of the first Marine Units in many parts of Iraq. The Battalion acted as the Spear head for the 1st Marine Division spawning the book and HBO Show "Generation Kill". Charlie Company augmented 2nd Force Reconnaissance Company, II Marine Expeditionary Force in support of Task Force Tarawa. Charlie Company lead reconnaissance efforts through the initial invasion of Iraq, during the Battle of An Nasiriyah, the Jessica Lynch rescue, and initial movements to secure Baghdad and Al-Kut. In 2005 Headquarters and Service Company augmented 3d Battalion, 25th Marines in Al Anbar. In 2006 and 2007, 4th Reconnaissance Battalion headquarters and platoons operated as an independent command in support of Regimental Combat Team 7 in Iraq's Al Anbar Province.
Detachment 4th Force Reconnaissance Company
4th Marine Division
Previous Address of Company "C" 4th RECON BN
4601 Cocoa Avenue
Reno, Nevada 89506-1298
FORCE RECONNAISSANCE COMPANY
The primary mission of the force reconnaissance company is to conduct pre-assault and deep post-assault reconnaissance operations in support of a landing force and its subordinate elements.
Unit History
4th Special Infantry Company 15 August 1952 – 30 June 1962
49th Rifle Company 1 July 1962 – 31 January 1967
Company "I", 23rd Marines 1 February 1967 – 30 September 1971
Company "C", 4th Reconnaissance Battalion 1 October 1971 – 31 December 1982
Det. 4th Force Reconnaissance Company
 1 January 1983 – present
History of the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve in Reno
The Reno Marine Reserve Unit was activated as the 49th Special Infantry Company, United States Maine Corps Reserve on 15 August 1952, with Captain Albert L Simson as the first Commanding Officer. The Honorable Charles H. Russell, Governor of the state of Nevada, officiated at the activation ceremony and proclaimed a Marine Corps Reserve Week for the State of Nevada. In March 1953, the first formal inspection of the unit was held and on 13 June of that year, with thirty Marines in attendance, the first annual field training was held at the Marine Recruit Depot, San Diego, California. During the remainder of the 50's, the unit participated in field training exercises at Camp Pendleton, Landing Force Training Command, Coronado and Marine Corps Base, and Twenty-nine Palms, California. Home state training was conducted throughout the regions surrounding Reno and at Marine Barracks Hawthorne, Nevada.
Beginning in 1956 Cold Weather and Mountain Warfare Training were held each year at Bridgeport, California and survival training was conducted at Stead Air Force Base, Nevada in 1960-61.
To conform with the reorganization of the Marine Corps Reserve, this unit was redesignated as the 49th Rifle Company, FMF, United States Marine Corps Reserve on 1 July 1962. During its young life, the Reno unit has participated in training exercises "Whiplash", "Pikepole" and "Inferno" and has supported the underprivileged boys summer outing at Camp High Sierra in Bridgeport, California.
A further update of Reserve reorganization, caused the unit to be redesignated as Company "I", 2nd Marines, on 1 February 1967. From that date until 1 October 1971, Company "I" grew rapidly and focused on training for its ultimate goal of mobilization.
On 1 October 1971, restructure of the Marine Reserve again caused a change in Reno. The unit was redesignated as Company "C", 4th Reconnaissance Battalion. As their newly acquired reconnaissance mission coincided nicely with the terrain and environment, the Reno Marines set about to accomplish individual and small unit Reconnaissance Training to include: Mountain Warfare, Helicopter Rappelling, Swimming, Amphibious Reconnaissance and the opportunity for Parachuting and Scuba diving. In August of 1972, the unit relocated from its original drill center on Evans Avenue near the University of Nevada, Reno to its present location at 4601 Cocoa Avenue on the former Stead AFB north of town.
Continuing on with their reconnaissance training, Co. C, 4th Reconnaissance Bn, performed numerous training missions in both in and outside the United States throughout the 1970s. Unit members participated in cold weather exercises in Alaska in 1974. Also that year they were called upon to assist in making a recruiting film, demonstrating, both cliff and helicopter rappelling, helocasting, small boat operations and patrolling techniques. The highlight of the 1970s was the participation in NATO Exercise BOLD GUARD, 1978 in West Germany.
On 1 January 1983, the most recent chapter in the history of the Reno Marines began with redesignation, as Detachment, 4th Force Reconnaissance Company. As part of a reserve Force Reconnaissance Company headquartered in Hawaii, the training of the marines in this unit only intensified. Newer challenges and opportunities were made available and the unit rose to them.
During the 1980s Marines from Detachment 4th Force Reconnaissance Company participated in large scale amphibious exercises such as SOLID SHIELD, 1986 and KERNAL-BLITZ, 1989 and in numerous smaller operations both locally and abroad. Honing their diving skills took Reno Marines to Puerto Rico, Hawaii, Lake Tahoe and Key West, Florida. In 1985, a parachute team from the unit took 1st place in the International Parachute Competition sponsored by the Rhode Island National Guard. During this decade, Marines from the unit also participated in cold weather exercises in Norway and jungle operations in the Philippines.
Starting in 1986, the Reno Marines began their association with the Reno Air Races. This event, held annually every September attracts people from around the world. The Marines of Detachment 4th Force Reconnaissance Company conduct both static line and free-fall parachute operations at the military capabilities demonstration that opens each day's events. This event is a crowd pleaser and sets tone for the day's racing events.
The intensive reconnaissance training of the 1980s finally paid off in 1990 when on 13 November, 37 of the detachment's Marines were activated to serve in OPERATION DESERT SHIELD/STORM. These Marines were sent to MCB Camp Pendleton to further hone their reconnaissance skills and then were attached to the 5th MEB in support of the liberation of Kuwait. Landing in Saudi Arabia shortly after the start of the ground campaign, the Reno Marines moved into the newly freed country Kuwait and conducted battle damage assessment. The remaining Marines in Reno continued to train in anticipation of being activated in support of the war.
Redeploying back with 5th MEB, the Reno Marines participated in Operation SEA ANGEL in the country of Bangladesh. This operation provided humanitarian relief after a large typhoon devastated the country.
Finally in July of 1991, the Detachment was reunited when the 37 Marines returned home. With an experience cadre of Persian Gulf veterans, training went into high gear for the remainder of the 1990s. The Marines of Detachment 4th Force Reconnaissance Company continued to focus on advanced reconnaissance training utilizing the newest equipment. Diver's underwent the LAR 5 transition course and military free-fall (HALO/HAHO) parachuting missions were undertaken.
The continuing mission in support of the active duty forces found the Reno Marines conducting training with the U.S. Army, U. S. Marines, Dutch, French and British Royal Marines both at home and abroad. Smaller unit deployments became more frequent with Marines supporting active duty forces in Operation BALAKITAN in the Philippines and COBRA GOLD exercises with the Royal Thai Marines. Integration of training with the active duty forces, particularly 1st Force Reconnaissance Company became more and more common.
Locally, Marines of Detachment 4th Force Reconnaissance Company assisted in flood relief operations in Western Nevada and Northern California during the winter and spring of 1997. The long-running Toys-for-Tots campaign run by the unit provides Christmas presents for thousand of local children.
As Detachment 4th Force Reconnaissance Company approaches the new century, it continues to maintain its high standard of training and professionalism. The Marines of the unit stand ready to serve their Corps, community and country.

</doc>
<doc id="5886329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886329" title="The Orcadian">
The Orcadian

The Orcadian is the oldest newspaper in Orkney, Scotland, first published in 1854. At first a monthly paper, it soon became a weekly. It is produced in Kirkwall and comes out each Thursday.

</doc>
<doc id="5886342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886342" title="Arterial tree">
Arterial tree

In anatomy, arterial tree is used to refer to all arteries and/or the branching pattern of the arteries. This article regards the human arterial tree. Starting from the aorta:

</doc>
<doc id="5886362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886362" title="Nadia Tass">
Nadia Tass

Nadia Tass (born 25 September 1956 as Constantina Tassopoulou) is a film director, producer and actress, originally from Florina, Macedonia, northern Greece, who moved to Australia in the 1960s. She began her career as an actress appearing in the television series "Prisoner". Tass has developed into one of Australia's most respected and unique filmmakers with her films being responsible for twenty-three Australian Film Institute (AFI) nominations, while garnering eight wins including Best Film and Best Director. She has also directed plays in Australia including "Miss Bosnia", "Cosi" and "Summer of the Aliens".
Nadia Tass is married to fellow Australian director David Parker.

</doc>
<doc id="5886366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886366" title="The Feast of the Drowned">
The Feast of the Drowned

The Feast of the Drowned is a BBC Books original novel written by Stephen Cole and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It was published on April 13, 2006, alongside "The Stone Rose" and "The Resurrection Casket". It features the Tenth Doctor, Rose and Mickey.
Synopsis.
When a Naval cruiser sinks in mysterious circumstances in the North Sea all aboard are lost. Rose is saddened to learn that the brother of her friend, Keisha, was among the dead. And yet he appears to them as a ghostly apparition, begging to be saved from the coming feast of the drowned.
Plot.
Rose is comforting her friend Keisha, whose brother Jay is missing in action after the sinking of the "HMS Ascendant", which has just been towed up the Thames in pieces. Rose dragged the Doctor along, and he asks what Jay did on the ship, before deciding to go out for chips (and a newspaper to wrap them in). After he left, Jay's soaked and shivering ghost appears to Keisha and Rose. He talks to Keisha first, telling her to come to him before the feast, and asks Rose to come too. Then he melts away into a puddle, which also disappears. The Doctor returns, and tells them about people fainting in the newsagents.
The Doctor and Rose discuss what she saw, and the Doctor says they should go to Mickey's and see what they can find on the Internet. Mickey has already done the research, and gives them his printouts. They find that the ship has been brought to Stanchion House, and that people are going missing near the part of the Thames where it is located.
When the three of them arrive near the building, they see many guards around, and an elderly woman trying to climb over the bridge rail. Her name is Anne, and she says she is trying to get to Peter 'before the feast,' but the Doctor and Rose manage to get her off the bridge. Mickey and the soldiers who came running all collapsed. The Doctor swiped a pass from one of the soldiers, and told Rose and Mickey to stay with Anne and not to let her out of their sight.
As Rose and Mickey try to decide where to take Anne, they are approached by an old man in full navel uniform wearing dark glasses and a scarf around his neck, who introduces himself as Rear Admiral John Crayshaw. He allows them to take Anne with them, but tells the soldiers to send the ambulance away when it arrives.
Meanwhile, the Doctor went to Stanchion House, and introduced himself as 'Sir John Smith, Scientific Advisor to the Admiralty' with his psychic paper. He glances quickly at the visitor's book, and says that he came to see V. Swann. The lift operator brings him to the correct floor, and watches until he went in. He talks to Vida Swann for a minute before she mentions that her PC had told her Sergeant Jodie North had come in, and that she had alerted security when she saw him instead.
The Doctor ran out of her office, and realized there were soldiers coming up the stairs and the lift, and no time to get out a window, so he hid in a cupboard until the soldiers had passed, then slipped into the lift before the doors closed. He uses to sonic screwdriver to open the hidden controls, and goes to the lowest level. The doors open into an underground hangar.
The Doctor is noticed by a scientist named Huntley, and after looking at a section of the ship, the Doctor says that it was sliced up using hydrogen fused anti-cellularisation. Alarms start to go off, soldiers come down the lift, and the Doctor takes off for a room labelled 'Decontamination.' He runs through it into a damp, dirty and dingily lit access corridor. After closing the doors behind him, he notices the salty reek to the air. As he moves down the corridor, he sticks his finger in a mucky puddle and decides it is saltwater.
The corridor opens into a large, dark, circular chamber with a very high ceiling and a huge filthy pool in the centre of the floor. There is a ladder on one side, and the air smells of sea water. The Doctor takes a polythene bag from his pocket and fills it with water from the pool, and then starts to climb the ladder as he hears the doors opening behind him.
The ladder is damp, as if someone sopping wet had climbed up it ahead of him, and didn't dry before reaching the top. There is a barrier across the top of the chamber, but the Doctor uses his sonic screwdriver to open the inspection hatch, which has blood on it. The Doctor climbs through with bullets flying around him, and finds himself looking into another enormous access tunnel.
As the Doctor splashes through the freezing salty water in the access tunnel, he comes upon another figure. When it turns, the Doctor sees a young man with bloody welts on his face and neck, and eyes like huge pearls. He tells the Doctor that he doesn't want to hurt his little Keisha, but he can't help it. The Doctor realizes this must be Jay, just as the water gets even deeper and starts churning. Out of the water appeared a pirate and a U-boat captain, who swept Jay back the way he'd come and vanished. The Doctor decides he can't do anything to help Jay right now, and continues down the tunnel. He ends up on a tugboat, its windows covered by tarpaulin.
At Keisha's, the three of them are talking, and Rose realizes that just before Jay appeared, people had collapsed at the newsagent's, and when Anne's son appeared, the soldiers went down. Rose decides to go down to the newsagent's and see what she can find out. She buys a couple of papers, and the woman behind the counter collapses as Jay appears again.
Jay also appears to Keisha, and Anne's son to her. Mickey tries to stop Anne leaving and isn't able to, but does manage to lock Keisha in the bathroom. Rose ran back, and he tells her to go after Anne. She heads for the river.
On the tugboat, the Doctor and Vida meet again. While they talk, the Doctor starts pushing buttons and levers, and gets the boat moving, just as soldiers start firing on it. The Doctor tells her that Crayshaw probably wants to kill them both, as she said she'd been a thorn in his side.
When Rose gets to the river, there are people trying to jump in, and soldiers trying to stop them, and other people watching. As Rose stands there, a tug appears, headed for a restaurant barge, and Rose sees the Doctor climbing around the prow, trying to uncover the windows. She yells at him, and he waves back and tells her to get everyone off the barge. As the tug crashes into the barge, the Doctor and Vida leap off.
The three of them go to the European Office of Oceanic Research and Development, where Vida works. The Doctor asks Vida to show him the 'biggest and shiniest lab' she has. Vida says that she hasn't been able to contact her boss all day, and there is a Vice Admiral Kelper from Norfolk due to arrive the next day. The Doctor tells Rose to have Mickey come over and bring Keisha.
Vida talks about her work - studying ocean currents, what is in them and how they move around, using tracers they had developed. The Doctor is busy being all 'boy-with-a-train-set' with the water he brought. Vida says they were studying water taken from area where Ascendant sank, and found no sign of tracers, but there were salts and proteins unlike anything previously discovered.
Doctor asks Mickey and Vida to go through the naval personnel records and see if the crew of the "Ascendant" had anything in common. He takes blood samples from Rose, Keisha, and Vida, and found that Rose and Keisha had alien matter in their blood, and specs in their eyes.
While going through the computer files, Mickey looks up Commodore Powers (Crayshaw's boss), and discovers that he was on a ship that sank in the North Sea three years ago. Then they look up Crayshaw, and find that a John Anthony Crayshaw sank in the North Sea in 1759. They ran to tell the Doctor.
The Doctor is still working with the water when he realizes the beaker he was analysing is empty, and the sink is full. He smells seawater, and then the water in the sink jumped out and attacked him, covering his face, but he manages to escape it.
Rose is in the hallway with Keisha when Mickey and Vida come up, and then suddenly it fills with water. Three figures appeared in it - a pirate, U-boat captain, and a Victorian lady. They grabbed Vida and carried her out of the building and away. Rose chased after, grabbing onto the back of a police van. When the van stopped, Rose found herself near the river. While trying to help someone else, she falls into the water and is taken by the water creatures.
The Doctor, Mickey, and Keisha drove around for hours, but could not find either Rose or Vida. They go back to the estate, and Micky walks Keisha to her door, while the Doctor waited in the car. They see a dripping wet Rose ghost, and when the Doctor comes upstairs, he says that he saw her too, although not as clearly. Jackie (Rose's mum) also saw the image, and is furious with the Doctor. He leaves Keisha with her, while he and Mickey go to get into Stanchion House.
Vida awakes to find herself in the "Ascendant"'s storeroom. Crayshaw is there, and tells her that they are 'of the waterhive.' The room is full of people who have recently been taken. Crayshaw explains that they are acclimatising, and only after many years can they be on both land and water. They need Vida to capture Kelper, so they can spread all over the world.
Mickey and the Doctor go to the Aldgate tube station, to reach a conduit full of phone lines, which passes within a few inches of the decontamination chamber. Mickey asks how he plans to get through the wall, and the Doctor says 'I'm getting quite good at resonating concrete.' He tells Mickey that the tunnel is probably one of the safest places to be, as there aren't many people around to filch water from, so no image of Rose to haunt them. 'I don't want to see her like that again. Do you?'
Rose is moving around underwater, and thinking of her family and the Doctor. Huntley finds Rose, and takes her to where a few of the "Ascendant" crew are together, including Jay. He tells her that she can't think of her loved ones, because it is what will make them like her. She thinks of the TARDIS instead, and that helps. Huntley tells her that some people have been able to see through their images, and control them somewhat, and encourages her to try.
Crayshaw takes Vida to an empty Stanchion House in the morning, to arrange a meeting with Kelper, but he is already there. Vida tries to escape with him, but the water prevents it, and they are taken into the lift. When they reach the basement, they find all the rest of the staff. The decontamination doors open, and filthy water comes flooding in.
There is a sudden explosion, and part of the wall tumbles in, revealing Mickey and the Doctor. Vida, Kelper, and a couple of other people manage to climb out before the water traps everyone else. Kelper leaves to talk to the military, saying 'We're going to need Torchwood.' As the Doctor, Mickey and Vida talk about what to do next, the Rose image appears to the Doctor and starts to drain water from Mickey and Vida. Rose herself is able to stop it though, and tell the Doctor to stop the aliens. The Doctor says that she was able to hijack the apparition.
The Doctor realizes that the filaments that Vida has been working with disrupt communication in the hive, and might be a way to defeat them. He sends Mickey and Vida to find the crates that were on the "Ascendant" and dump them into the river, while he creates a distraction. At the same time, Rose, Jay, Huntley and the others start making their way toward the surface. Vida and Mickey are almost caught by the water, but Rose and the rest interfere, and then help them to release the filaments.
As they were released, Rose thought of the Doctor, and was able to see him, and tell him that they had done it. He said 'Of course you did it,' and activated the tracers. The water in the Thames thickened and changed, and all the people who had been taken were pushed to the surface, restored to normal.
Audio book.
An abridged audio book version of "The Feast of the Drowned", read by David Tennant, was released in July 2006 by BBC Audiobooks. Also included was an interview with the author by David Darlington.
The audio book version was given away free in two parts with two consecutive issues of "Radio Times" in December 2006 and January 2007. These versions omitted the interview.

</doc>
<doc id="5886370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886370" title="Kailash Singh Parihar">
Kailash Singh Parihar

Wing Commander Kailash Singh Parihar born February 3, 1945 was born in Jodhpur, Rajasthan, India.

</doc>
<doc id="5886394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886394" title="Vahieroa">
Vahieroa

Vahieroa can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5886405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886405" title="Antimony trifluoride">
Antimony trifluoride

Antimony trifluoride is the inorganic compound with the formula SbF3. Sometimes called Swart's reagent, is one of two principal fluorides of antimony, the other being SbF5. It appears as a white solid. As well as some industrial applications, it is used as a reagent in inorganic and organofluorine chemistry.
Preparation and structure.
In solid SbF3, the Sb centres have octahedral molecular geometry and are linked by bridging fluoride ligands. Three Sb–F bonds are short (192 pm) and three are long (261 pm). Because it is a polymer, SbF3 is far less volatile than related compounds AsF3 and SbCl3.
SbF3 is prepared by treating antimony trioxide with hydrogen fluoride: 
The compound is a mild Lewis acid, hydrolyzing slowly in water. With fluorine, it is oxidized to give antimony pentafluoride.
Applications.
It is used as a fluorination reagent in organic chemistry. This application was reported by the Belgium chemist Frédéric Jean Edmond Swarts in 1892, who demonstrated its usefulness for converting chloride compounds to fluorides. The method involved treatment with antimony trifluoride with chlorine or with antimony pentachloride to give the active species antimony trifluorodichloride (SbCl2F3). This compound can also be produced in bulk. The Swarts reaction is generally applied to the synthesis of organofluorine compounds, but experiments have been performed using silanes. It was once used for the industrial production of freon. Other fluorine-containing Lewis acids serve as fluorinating agents in conjunction with hydrogen fluoride.
SbF3 is used in dyeing and in pottery, to make ceramic enamels and glazes.
Safety.
The lethal minimum dose (guinea pig, oral) is 100 mg/kg.

</doc>
<doc id="5886412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886412" title="Teddy Bears' Picnic (film)">
Teddy Bears' Picnic (film)

"Teddy Bears' Picnic" is a 2002 American comedy film written and directed by Harry Shearer. It was released in May 2002 to limited audiences. Shearer has a small role in the film. It is also Kenneth Mars' last film before his death.
Plot.
"Teddy Bears' Picnic" covers an annual encampment of prominent male leaders at the Zambezi Glen, a thinly-veiled reference to the Bohemian Grove. 
The film starts out with the first ever women's day at the glen, where wives and girlfriends of Zambezi members are invited to visit the glen ahead of the annual encampment, which also serves to introduce the glen and the characters to the audience. The actual retreat itself begins after the members have returned without any women and kicks off with the "Assassination of Time", based on the real "Cremation of Care" at the Bohemian Grove, with a pelican replacing the latter's owl. After that, the festivities begin, including an all-male chorus line in drag, which is photographed by one of the club employees who smuggles out the pictures to the news media.
This violation of the privacy of the glen causes the leaders of the membership to work on spin control, while the employee who took the pictures is emboldened by his success and the promise of a hefty reward to record footage of the glen with a camera smuggled in with the help of a local newscaster. In this time we also see what members do to enjoy themselves at the retreat, including drinking, urinating on trees while naked, and visiting nearby prostitutes.
After filming some of the activities at the glen, the cameraman is spotted by some members and flees in to the woods. From here, the members invoke their privilege and connections, with disastrous results. The members call in the military to track down the cameraman with dogs, flares, and helicopters, which sets off a forest fire. When the road out of the glen is blocked by an overturned truck filled with drinks for the glen members, one of the characters orders his chauffeur to drive through anyway, making the blockage worse. A helicopter flying without lights at night at the behest of one of the members collides with a news helicopter covering the fire.
Production.
Harry Shearer wrote, directed, and executive-directed the film. He hired old friends and colleagues (Michael McKean, Howard Hesseman, and Fred Willard) and younger performers (Annabelle Gurwitch as a camp follower and Justin Kirk as a disgruntled part-time employee who tries to smuggle videotape of the glen's strange rites to a local television station). He paid everyone "low-budget scale," Shearer said.
The film was shot in less than three weeks, at a cost of $800,000. Shearer funded the film; he said that the money came from the Fox Broadcasting Company, for his voiceover work on "The Simpsons": "That's why there's a 'Thank You' to Rupert Murdoch at the end of the credits – it's his money, he just doesn't know it. It just kind of flowed through me."
The film was shot using high-definition video equipment. Cinematographer Jaime Reynoso shot the film; post-production work was done by Visionbox Pictures.
Distribution.
The film was screened at the U.S. Comedy Arts Festival in February 2001, the USA Film Festival in April 2001 and at the St. Louis International Film Festival in November 2001. It had a limited released to theaters in March 2002.
Critical reception.
The film currently has a 0% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. On Metacritic, the film carries a 32/100 rating, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".

</doc>
<doc id="5886423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886423" title="District of Velika Kikinda">
District of Velika Kikinda

The District of Velika Kikinda (; ; ; ) was an administrative unit of the Habsburg Monarchy between 1774 and 1876. It was an autonomous area mainly inhabited by ethnic Serbs.
History.
It was formed on November 12, 1774, by the decision of Habsburg Empress Maria Theresa, through the special charter, as the specific feudal governmental administrative unit with headquarters in Velika Kikinda (today Kikinda, Serbia). Inhabitants of the District had, for that period, substantial economic, and even political privileges within the Habsburg Monarchy. 
Until 1778, the District of Velika Kikinda was part of the Banat of Temeswar (an separate Habsburg land), and then part of the Torontal County within the Habsburg Kingdom of Hungary. In 1848-1849 it was part of autonomous Serbian Vojvodina, and from 1849 to 1860 it was part of the Voivodeship of Serbia and Banat of Temeschwar, a separate Austrian crown land. After abolishment of the voivodeship in 1860, territory of the District of Velika Kikinda was again included into Torontal County.
The District functioned, with some interruptions, until 1876 when it was abolished, and its territory was allocated both organizationally and administratively to the direct authority of the Torontal County with the headquarters in Veliki Bečkerek (today Zrenjanin), which covered most of the territory of the present-day Serbian Banat.
Places.
Besides Velika Kikinda, the district included another nine settlements of the Serb border military establishments in North and Central Banat: 

</doc>
<doc id="5886433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886433" title="Myrmica kotokui">
Myrmica kotokui

Myrmica kotokui () is a species of ant of the genus "Myrmica". 
This species closely resembles the European "Myrmica ruginodis" and is perhaps not a separate distinctive species. Onoyama (1989) suggested that it might best be treated as a subspecies of "M. ruginodis".

</doc>
<doc id="5886441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886441" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Lancashire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Lancashire

The list below shows the 69 Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the Lancashire area of search. Note that English Nature, the designating body for SSSIs in England, uses the 1974-1996 county system, and this list follows the same approach. Some sites that might be expected to be here could therefore be in the Merseyside or Greater Manchester lists.
Of the 69 sites listed, 14 are listed purely for their geological interest, and 49 are listed for biological interest. A further 6 sites have both geological and biological significant features.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5886443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886443" title="Chad Mottola">
Chad Mottola

Charles Edward "Chad" Mottola (born October 15, 1971) is an American retired professional baseball player who played five seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) as an outfielder. Considered a journeyman, Mottola played professionally from 1992 through 2007, appearing in 59 MLB games and 1,801 minor league games. He was the hitting coach for the Toronto Blue Jays during the 2013 season, but his contract was not renewed for 2014.
Mottola is an alumnus of the University of Central Florida (UCF), where he played college baseball for the UCF Knights baseball team. A highly regarded prospect, Mottola was selected by the Cincinnati Reds with the fifth overall selection of the 1992 MLB Draft.
Mottola played in minor league baseball for different organizations, receiving major league playing time with the Cincinnati Reds in 1996, the Toronto Blue Jays in 2000 and 2006, the Florida Marlins in 2001 and the Baltimore Orioles in 2004. As he received less playing time in 2007, he began to mentor younger teammates, which helped him transition into a coaching career.
Career.
Amateur career.
Mottola attended St. Thomas Aquinas High School in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, graduating in 1989. After leading all Broward County high school players in batting average (.573), home runs (14) and runs batted in (RBIs) (48) as a senior, Mottola was named to Florida's Class 3A All-State first team. Out of high school, the Baltimore Orioles selected Mottola in the tenth round of the 1989 Major League Baseball Draft, with the 243rd overall selection. Mottola did not sign with the Orioles, opting to pursue a college baseball career.
Mottola then enrolled at the University of Central Florida (UCF), which he chose to attend over the University of New Orleans, as it was closer to his home. At UCF, he played for the UCF Knights baseball team in NCAA's Division I. As a freshman, he hit .321 in 57 games, but did not hit a home run. He gained for his sophomore season. As a sophomore, Mottola was named the American South Conference's Player of the Week on April 3, 1991, after batting .542 with one home run and eight RBIs in six games. During the season, he batted .343 with nine home runs and 54 RBIs. During the college offseason, he played collegiate summer baseball in the Cape Cod Baseball League.
In his junior season, he batted .345 with 14 home runs, tying the UCF single-season record. Professional scouts considered him a first round prospect, due to his intelligence, size, ability to hit for power, his strong throwing arm, running speed, instincts and polish.
Professional career.
The Cincinnati Reds drafted Mottola in the first round of the 1992 Major League Baseball Draft with the fifth overall selection, one selection ahead of Derek Jeter. He signed with the Reds the day of the draft, receiving a signing bonus of $400,000, as he attended the United States national baseball team tryouts for the 1992 Summer Olympics, and did not want to have his contract status on his mind during the tryouts. He was the first UCF athlete to be selected in the first round of an MLB draft.
In his first professional season, Mottola led the Billings Mustangs to the Pioneer League championship, batting .286 with 12 home runs and 37 runs batted in (RBIs). "Baseball America" rated Mottola as the 71st best prospect in baseball before the 1993 season. Playing a full season for the first time in 1993, he batted .280 for the Winston-Salem Spirits with 21 home runs and led the Class-A Advanced Carolina League with 91 RBIs. He was named a Carolina League All-Star outfielder after the 1993 season. Prior to the 1994 season, "Baseball America" rated Mottola as the 43rd best prospect in baseball.
Mottola started the 1995 season with the Chattanooga Lookouts of the Class-AA Southern League, receiving a promotion to the Class-AAA Indianapolis Indians of the International League that season. Despite his minor league success, Mottola's path to the Reds was blocked by outfielders Reggie Sanders, Curtis Goodwin, Eric Davis, Vince Coleman, Mike Kelly, Steve Gibraltar and Eric Anthony, all of whom the Reds had in spring training that season. General Manager Jim Bowden commented that Mottola needed more minor league seasoning before he would be promoted to the Reds. He made his major league debut with the Cincinnati Reds on April 22, 1996. In 35 games for the Reds, Mottola batted .215 with three home runs and six RBIs. For Indianapolis, he batted .262 with 9 home runs, 47 RBIs and nine stolen bases in 102 games.
Though he was considered a top prospect, the Reds held him out of winter league baseball during the 1995–96 offseason. The Reds added Deion Sanders and Rubén Sierra to their outfield competition for the 1997 season, prompting Mottola to question the Reds commitment to him. After he spent the 1997 season in the minors, the Reds traded Mottola to the Texas Rangers for a player to be named later in April 1998. He spent most of the 1998 season with the Oklahoma City RedHawks of the Class-AAA Pacific Coast League (PCL), but suffered a broken thumb that required surgery, limiting his season.
Granted free agency after the 1998 season, Mottola signed with the Chicago White Sox for the 1999 season. He batted .321 with 164 hits, 32 doubles and 20 home runs for the Charlotte Knights. With the Syracuse SkyChiefs, the Class-AAA affiliate of the Toronto Blue Jays, in 2000, Mottola batted .309 in 134 games with 505 at-bats, 156 hits, 85 runs, 25 doubles, 3 triples, 33 home runs, 102 RBI, 37 walks, 30 stolen bases and 99 strikeouts. He led the league in home runs and also in slugging percentage, had the second highest RBI, was fourth in the league in hits and extra-base hits, and had the seventh highest batting average. He was named an International League All-Star outfielder in 2000, and won the International League Most Valuable Player Award. He was also named the Blue Jays minor league player of the year that season, and earned a promotion to the Blue Jays in September.
After the 2000 season, the Blue Jays traded Mottola to the Florida Marlins for a player to be named later or cash. He played for the Marlins' Class-AAA affiliate, the Calgary Cannons of the PCL, and appeared in five games for the Marlins. In 2002, Mottola returned to Syracuse. He began the 2003 season with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays organization, playing for the Class-AAA Durham Bulls, but was released. He signed with the Boston Red Sox on June 12 to replace Julio Zuleta, who had signed to play in Japan, on the Class-AAA Pawtucket Red Sox. Mottola signed with the Orioles for the 2004 season, splitting his time between MLB and the Class-AAA Ottawa Lynx. In 2005, he returned to the Blue Jays organization, playing with Syracuse. He was promoted to MLB in 2006, but spent the majority of the 2005 through 2007 seasons with Syracuse.
Transition to coaching.
Mottola retired after the 2007 season. During his final seasons, Mottola began to play less and serve as a mentor to younger players, making for a transition into a coaching career. After the 2007 season, Mottola accepted a job as the hitting coach of the Gulf Coast Blue Jays of the Rookie-level Gulf Coast League. On October 6, 2008, Mottola was announced as the Blue Jays roving minor league hitting instructor for the 2009 season. From 2010 to 2012, he was the hitting coach for the Las Vegas 51s, Toronto's Triple-A affiliate at the time.
On November 24, 2012, Mottola was promoted to be the Toronto Blue Jays hitting coach for the 2013 season. On October 7, 2013, the Blue Jays announced that Mottola would not be returning for the 2014 season.
In November 2013, Mottola was hired by the Tampa Bay Rays as their minor-league hitting co-ordinator.
Personal.
Mottola was born in Augusta, Georgia and grew up in Pembroke Pines, Florida. When Mottola signed with the Reds in 1992, he bought his parents a house. Mottola's father, Chuck, died of a heart attack at the age of 50 in October 1995. His mother, Elaine, works as an administrative assistant at St. Bernadette's School in Davie, Florida.
Mottola met his wife, Emily, at UCF. She played for the school's volleyball team. They had their first son, Luke, in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5886458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886458" title="Unchained (film)">
Unchained (film)

Unchained is a 1955 prison film based on the non-fiction book "Prisoners are People" by Kenyon J. Scudder. The film is most remembered for its theme song, "Unchained Melody", which was a #1 R&B hit for both Al Hibbler & Roy Hamilton in 1955, with Hibbler's version also reaching #3 on the Billboard Chart & also a #4 Pop hit for the Righteous Brothers in 1965.
The film was based on the career of Kenyon J. Scudder, former supervisor at Chino, as detailed in Scudder's book. Former football player Elroy "Crazylegs" Hirsch played the lead character, while other inmates were played by Chester Morris and Jerry Paris (later of "The Dick Van Dyke Show"), among others. Others in the cast included Peggy Knudsen and Barbara Hale, who appeared as women visiting the prisoners. Jazz musician Dexter Gordon has a small, uncredited role in the film, that of a saxophone player in the prison jazz band. The film was shot at the correctional facility in Chino, California, where Gordon was then serving time for possession of heroin.
Plot synopsis.
Steve Davitt is in a medium security prison and is struggling with two options: finishing his sentence, or seeing his wife and family by escaping the prison. He is stopped from escaping by a trustee inmate, who beats him up and drags him back to his cell to save him from himself.

</doc>
<doc id="5886467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886467" title="Jade Yorker">
Jade Yorker

Jade Yorker (born June 16, 1985) is an American actor of film and television. He grew up in Manalapan, New Jersey. He attended the Freehold Performing Arts Center for High School, which furthered his training. Among his TV credits are "Cosby", "Third Watch" and "Law & Order". His first movie appearance was in "He Got Game" as Jesus Shuttlesworth (age 12).
His most famous role is the Role of "Willie Weathers" in Gridiron Gang.

</doc>
<doc id="5886468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886468" title="Unchained">
Unchained

Unchained may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5886476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886476" title="George Gross (journalist)">
George Gross (journalist)

George Gross, O.Ont (born January 23, 1923 in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia, died March 21, 2008 in Etobicoke, Ontario, Canada) was a Canadian sport journalist at the "Toronto Sun", who was involved in Canadian Soccer in the early years of his life in Canada, both as a player and a journalist. 
In 1957, Gross covered Canada's FIFA World Cup qualifying matches in Mexico, and practiced with the national team. One year later he was in Sweden for the 1958 FIFA World Cup finals and interviewed the 17-year-old Pelé. Between 1953 and 1974 he published the Soccer and Sports News and in 1961 he was one of the founders of the Eastern Canada Professional Soccer League. 
In 1985, Gross was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame, winning the Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award. In 1994, he received the Olympic Order, and he was inducted into the Etobicoke Sports Hall of Fame in 2002. In 2003, he was presented with the Order of Ontario. In 2005, Gross was inducted into the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame, and on April 2006, Gross was inducted as a builder into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame. 
In 2004, the "Toronto Sun" began its annual George Gross/Toronto Sun Sportsperson of the Year award.
Shortly after his death in 2008, the Canadian Soccer Association created the George Gross Memorial Trophy, awarded to the most valuable player of the annual Canadian Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5886495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886495" title="The Fluffer">
The Fluffer

The Fluffer, a 2001 American independent film, is a triangular story of obsessive love set against the backdrop of the adult video industry. The film was written by Wash West and co-directed by West and his life partner Richard Glatzer. "The Fluffer" features cameos from a number of figures in the adult entertainment industry, including Ron Jeremy, director Chi Chi LaRue, Karen Dior, Zach Richards, Derek Cameron, Chad Donovan, Thomas Lloyd, Jim Steel, Chris Green and Cole Tucker.
"The Fluffer" was an official selection of and premiered in 2001 at the 51st Internationale Filmfestspiele Berlin (Berlin International Film Festival). It was also selected for the Toronto International Film Festival that year, where it made its North American debut. 
Plot synopsis.
Sean McGinnis is a film student who moves to Los Angeles to break into the movie business. While looking for work, he passes the time watching rented videos, preferring classic films. He sets out to watch "Citizen Kane", but the videotape has accidentally been switched with an adult movie called "Citizen Cum". Sean becomes instantly obsessed with the star of Citizen Cum, Johnny Rebel. His interest in Johnny leads Sean to turn down work in the mainstream film industry to become a cameraman for Men of Janus, the production company that has Johnny under exclusive contract. On his first shoot, Sean ends up as a "Fluffer" for Johnny, performing (offscreen) oral sex on him to help him maintain an erection and reach orgasm for the "money shot." He learns that Johnny's real name is Mikey, he is "gay-for-pay" and doesn't perform oral sex on other men or even kiss. Johnny has Sean fluff him on additional productions, and Sean's infatuation continues to grow. He confides his feelings for Johnny to co-worker Silver, who tells him that the relationship is hopeless because Johnny's a porn star and straight. Meanwhile, Johnny's girlfriend Julie, who works as a stripper under her stagename Babylon but who has tried to move into mainstream acting, learns she is pregnant.
Trying to break from Johnny, Sean begins dating an acupuncture student named Brian. However, Brian breaks up with Sean because of his emotional unavailability, the result of his continuing obsession with Johnny, and because Brian had a bad experience with a past boyfriend who could not have sex without watching porn.
Johnny's crystal meth use spirals out of control. He goes on a five-day binge and misses a scheduled film shoot. The film's producer Sam Martins forces Sean to fluff Johnny's replacement for the shoot. Johnny shows up late to the set and is fired. Julie decides to get an abortion since she cannot rely on Johnny to help raise a child. She breaks up with Johnny and changes the locks to her apartment.
At the studio an expensive video camera goes missing and company manager Chad Cox is found dead in his apartment. The police seek Johnny, under his real name Michael Rossini, for questioning. Johnny turns to Sean for help, and together they flee to Mexico. Once in Mexico, Sean sells his car for getaway money, and the two settle into a cheap Mexican motel. Johnny initially denies involvement in Chad's death but later confesses to Sean that he killed Chad accidentally during a fight over the payoff for stealing the camera for drug money. Stunned, Sean goes out to clear his head, returning later with tequila and snacks. That night, Johnny offers to let Sean service him sexually, but for the first time Sean declines. Sean shares in oblique terms memories of being sexually abused as a child by an adult male neighbor. Johnny starts to cry, saying he can relate because of some of the "fucked up shit" he's been through and that he was made to do things he didn't want to do. Sean comforts Johnny and for the first time calls him "Mikey." They kiss, and then fall asleep.
When Sean wakes the next morning, Johnny is gone along with all of Sean's money. Sean initially tries to hitchhike back to the United States, but ends up accepting an offer to go further south to St Ignacio, an idyllic location he had previously suggested he and Johnny visit. Babylon packs up her apartment and drives north away from Los Angeles. Mikey survives in Mexico by committing armed robberies, his new gritty reality counterpointed as Sean reads a fan letter written to Johnny, who remains a figure of fantasy. Sean tosses the letter on the side of the road, leaving it - and Johnny - behind.
DVD release.
"The Fluffer" was released on Region 1 DVD on September 20, 2002 (R-rated version) and September 28, 2002 (Unrated Special Edition). The differences between the two versions are minor; the R-rated version has some dialogue overdubbed with less explicit lines and slightly less nudity.

</doc>
<doc id="5886496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886496" title="Orcadians">
Orcadians

Orcadians are the native population of the Orkney islands.
Historically, they are descended from the Picts, Norse and Scots.
People associated with Orkney.
See also Earldom of Orkney

</doc>
<doc id="5886507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886507" title="Palaeospheniscus patagonicus">
Palaeospheniscus patagonicus

Palaeospheniscus patagonicus is the type species of the penguin genus "Palaeospheniscus", which is known from fossils. It stood about 65–75 cm high in life, roughly the size of an African Penguin.
This species is known from several dozen bones, found in Early Miocene strata of the Patagonian Molasse Formation. The specimens from known localities were collected near Trelew and Gaiman in Chubut Province, Argentina.
Currently, there is some debate about whether "Palaeospheniscus wimani" is a synonym of this species or not.

</doc>
<doc id="5886510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886510" title="The Resurrection Casket">
The Resurrection Casket

The Resurrection Casket is a BBC Books original novel written by Justin Richards and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It was published on April 13, 2006, alongside "The Stone Rose" and "The Feast of the Drowned". It features the Tenth Doctor and Rose.
Synopsis.
On a shadowy planet called Starfall, where no modern technology works, the Doctor and Rose become involved in a quest for a lost treasure that belonged to Hamlek Glint — the Resurrection Casket, supposedly the key to eternal life. But the TARDIS has stopped working too...
Plot.
The TARDIS is forced to land after being affected by an effect similar to an EMP (Electromagnetic Pulse). Outside the Doctor and Rose find a normal looking town. The Doctor informs Rose that they can not re-enter the TARDIS until she can repair her systems. They then set off to find out what is producing the constant pulses and stop it. At the docks are steam powered spaceships. They go to the pub to get more information.
The bartender is a young girl with half of her body replaced by steam-powered robotics. A boy of about ten talking to her, and when the Doctor introduces himself and Rose, the girl gives her name as Silver Sally and the boy's name as Jimm. Jimm and Sally tell them about the zeg. It is a zone of electromagnetic gravitation that interferes with anything containing an electronic circuit. It goes as far as the Outreaches, where a lot of ships get stuck. People still come because they hope to find Hamlek Glint's lost treasure. The planet itself is owned by Drel McCavity, who is a collector of Hamlek Glint artifacts. Jimm's uncle is the biggest collector though.
Jimm's uncle arrives and invites the Doctor and Rose to come visit and hear about Hamlek Glint (the pirate).
The Doctor and Rose return to the docks to see about getting passage off planet for themselves and the TARDIS, but have no luck. While they are there, a body is found. The Doctor uses his psychic paper to pass himself off as an investigator, and begins to ask questions about the body. It is a man they had seen at the pub, who has a small bit of folded paper with a smudge of ink that looks vaguely like a figure. The Doctor says it's what space sailors call a Black Shadow.
The Doctor says that the man was a friend of Drel McCavity, and that someone should tell him, and then volunteers to do it. He asks Rose to track down the man's friends and warn them. At McCavity's there is a gallery full of display cases of Hamlek Glint artifacts. McCavity shows him many of them, then sees the Doctor out, giving him a business card with an invitation to make an appointment later.
Rose locates Edd and Bonny, and learns that they recently sold McCavity some fake Glint artifacts, even though they'd had genuine stuff ten years ago. As she is talking to them, she suddenly realizes they are not alone. A huge shaggy shape with red eyes apologizes, then kills both Edd and Bonny.
The Doctor goes to Bobb's home. It is filled with Glint artifacts, including a photo of the crew, who were all robots except for Glint himself, and the cabin boy Robbie. Bobb says that no one knows what happened to Robbie, but that the robots were all sold for scrap. Glint set sail for Starfall, and was never seen again.
Rose arrives, and is given a tour of Bobb's collection. Part of it is a replica of Glint's Lost Treasure. The Resurrection Casket is supposed to be his greatest find, able to heal hurts, and bring the dead back to life. The Doctor takes Rose over to the photograph, and asks what she thinks of the shadow in the background. She says it looks like the monster that attacked Edd and Bonny. The doorbell rings again, and Jimm runs off to answer it. The Doctor starts digging in his pockets for paper and finds a folded slip that shows the Black Shadow when unfolded. They hear Jimm scream and the monster from earlier goes after the Doctor.
The Doctor runs toward Bobb's exhibition area. After a lot of dodging around, the monster catches him. The Doctor asks how he knows who he's supposed to kill, and the monster replies that he gets a name and description, along with knowing where the parchment is. The Doctor says that he doesn't have a name, so the monster has the wrong person. Confused, Kevin (the monster) lets him go.
They all talk after Kevin leaves, and decide that he is forced to do what someone wishes because that person knows how to use an object that belonged to Glint. The Doctor says the next step is to find Glint's ship, and that he knows how to do it. They just need someone to fund it, and Drel McCavity is probably the person to ask.
After some discussion and questions, McCavity agrees, but says that he is coming along. The Doctor says he needs some equipment that is 'locked up safely in a big blue box.' Rose and the Doctor stop at the pub, and Silver Sally says she can find them a robot crew, and she wants to come along. Jimm is very upset when he is told that he cannot come.
The TARDIS is loaded into the ships forward escape pod. McCavity brings a bodyguard named Dugg and a wooden chest. The other crew is made up of three robots - Kenny, King, and Jonesy. After sailing for three days, the Doctor gets impatient waiting for the TARDIS to open, and fixes the ship's engines to hurry things along. The TARDIS finally opens, but isn't ready to leave yet. However, the Doctor is able to use it to figure out where Glint's ship is.
Rose visits Sally and overhears her talking to one of the robots. Rose is horrified to realize that Sally is actually a robot, and that she and the other three are all surviving members of Glint's crew. She hears footsteps, and hurries to hide in a cupboard. She gets out, opens the door further down, and sees Jimm curled into a small ball. Sally comes out, and Rose tries to be casual as she leaves, and then runs down to tell the Doctor. He tells Dugg to barricade the door. Sally threatens them from the other side, and gives them a few minutes to decide what to do. The Doctor creates a diversion quickly, and they let Sally and the other robots come in with Jimm.
The Doctor's diversion starts to work, and he makes up a story about what it is, saying that he'll fix it, just put everyone else into the escape pod, with the clamps locked. While they are in the pod waiting for the Doctor, Jimm wakes up. Then they hear the clamps release and the door open, and the Doctor comes in. He gets the controls working, and then realizes that the TARDIS is in the other escape pod.
They navigate the escape pod to the zeg, find Glint's ship, dock, and go on board. McCavity has Dugg bring his wooden chest. They find the treasure room, and go inside. It is empty, except for a large polished black casket the size and shape of a coffin with pipes and wires laid into the lid. It's the Resurrection Casket, and the Doctor tells them not to open it.
As they are discussing the fact that the treasure is gone, a voice comes from the doorway. It's Kevin, who tells them that he lives here, and they all realize that McCavity is the one who 'employs' him, by using the medallion he's wearing, then they hear a loud clang and realize the ship is docking.
With Kevin's help, they decide to move to the games room. They bring the Resurrection Casket with them, to keep it from falling into the robots' hands. Dugg tries to lift it, but he needs help, so Kevin takes it. They use the snooker table to block the door, and then pile other items on top, including the Resurrection Casket and McCavity's chest.
Just as they finish, the door shudders, and the robots are on the other side. Everyone is talking about opening the Casket, and the Doctor keeps telling them no, that it doesn't do what they think it does. McCavity insists that it can bring people back from the dead, and as they argue, the door knocks his chest to the floor, where it bursts open. Out spills a skeleton and the remains of a red dress. McCavity had killed his wife out of jealousy, and wants to use the Resurrection Casket to bring her back.
McCavity has a marked piece of parchment in his hand, and threatens to give it to Rose or Jimm, so that the Doctor will use the Casket, but ends up sneaking it to the Doctor instead. Just as the robots break into the room, the Doctor starts running from Kevin, but Kevin hides behind the sofa.
Rose yells at Dugg to take the Casket out, while she and Jimm try to delay the robots. Dugg is looking for a place to hide the casket, so he can go back and help Rose and Jimm, when Kevin takes it from him. Dugg goes back and takes over the defense, telling Rose and Jimm to run.
McCavity attacks the Doctor with a sword, but the Doctor avoids him and ends up in the main engine room. McCavity catches up, and the Doctor grabs an axe to defend himself. McCavity is interrupted by Kevin, who says this is his job. Rose and Jimm catch up, and McCavity is convinced to call Kevin off.
The Doctor has each of them sealed into an engineering locker, and Kevin takes them outside the ship to the secondary control room. The Doctor has them turn everything back on that was shut down when the ship entered the zeg, and then they go back to their own ship. They leave a Black Shadow parchment behind, and the Doctor tricks one of the robots into picking it up.
The steam powered ship starts to move, dragging Glint's ship deeper into the zeg with it. The Doctor directs everyone to the forward escape pod, and the systems on the pirate ship start to explode. As it comes apart, McCavity again demands that the Resurrection Casket be opened, and when the Doctor refuses, sets Kevin on him again.
While the Doctor and Kevin dodge each other around the TARDIS, Sally appears in the airlock. Rose opens the inner airlock door and lets her in. The Doctor shakes hands with Jimm, then with Kevin, and then Jimm launches himself at McCavity, taking the medallion in the process. The Doctor uses his psychic paper to make McCavity think he still has the Black Shadow, and then Kevin goes after McCavity, who now has the Black Shadow in his pocket. McCavity opens the Resurrection Casket, and it is empty. As Kevin reaches for him, he falls into it and the lid closes.
Over by the airlock door, Sally has Rose by the throat. Rose tricks her and escapes, and then the Doctor holds her captive with the sonic screwdriver. The Doctor explains that Uncle Bobb was Robbie the cabin boy, Jimm is Hamlek Glint, and the model of the Lost Treasure is actually the real thing.
They put Sally in an escape pod, but she tries to catch them and manages to get herself killed. Jimm gives Kevin the medallion, which sets him free. They open the Resurrection Casket, and find a baby Drel McCavity. Uncle Bobb finds Jimm before he gets back to Starfall, and the Doctor and Rose leave in the TARDIS before the zeg can cause problems for them again.
Audio book.
An abridged audio book version of "The Resurrection Casket" read by David Tennant was released in July 2006 by BBC Audiobooks (ISBN 1-84607-061-9.) Also included was an interview with the author by David Darlington.
A promotional version, released without music and in a paper sleeve, was included free in the Radio Times (April 22–29, 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="5886525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886525" title="Cradley Heath railway station">
Cradley Heath railway station

Cradley Heath railway station serves the town of Cradley Heath in the West Midlands of England. It is located on the Birmingham to Worcester via Kidderminster Line. The station is managed by London Midland, who provide the majority of train services; there are also occasional services provided by Chiltern Railways.
Cradley Heath is the nearest station to the Merry Hill Shopping Centre in Brierley Hill, and connecting bus services are provided. As a consequence, it is the station with the most Plusbus ticket sales (tickets for both rail travel and the connecting bus journey).. Cradley Heath bus station is situated right in front of the railway station, thus effectively forming a Cradley Heath Interchange.
History.
The station was opened in 1863 by the Stourbridge Railway, on their line from Stourbridge Junction to Old Hill. This was later taken over by the Great Western Railway, who incorporated it into their line to Birmingham. Historically, the station was known as Cradley.
Tony Rivers, a man from Netherton, saved a woman who was trapped on the line at the station and was subsequently awarded the George Medal.
The present station buildings date from the mid-1980s when the station was rebuilt entirely on the west side of the level crossing. Previously there had been a staggered platform arrangement on either side of the crossing.
Services.
During Monday to Saturday daytimes, there are six trains per hour in each direction, operated by London Midland, between Birmingham Snow Hill and Stourbridge Junction. Many of these continue beyond Stourbridge to Kidderminster, Worcester Foregate Street or Great Malvern, and beyond Birmingham to Whitlocks End, Stratford-upon-Avon, Dorridge or Leamington Spa. During evenings and on Sundays, there are typically two trains per hour.
There are also occasional trains during peak periods to and from London Marylebone, provided by Chiltern Railways. Regular direct services to and from Birmingham New Street (the terminus for all eastbound trains between 1967 and the reopening of the line to Snow Hill in 1995) ceased in May 2004 and passengers wishing to travel there must now change at Galton Bridge.
Bus Interchange.
Alongside the railway station there is a bus station with five bus stands, which opened during the 1980s. The bus station is owned and operated by Centro which charges operators for their usage.
Of all the services stopping here, only two terminate here; these being Hansons service 124 and Diamond Bus service 240. Only two bus services serving Cradley Heath town centre do not stop or terminate here.
"Stand A" and "Stand B" accommodate services terminating here or travelling via the Merry Hill Shopping Centre, except the 214 which returns to Cradley Heath; and "Stand C", "Stand D" and "Stand E" typically have services returning to Cradley Heath.

</doc>
<doc id="5886555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886555" title="Glen Stewart Godwin">
Glen Stewart Godwin

Glen Stewart Godwin (born June 26, 1958) is an American fugitive and convicted murderer who was added to the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Top Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list on December 7, 1996, nine years after he escaped from Folsom State Prison in Folsom, California where he was serving a 26-years-to-life sentence. He replaced O'Neil Vassell on the list.
Murder of Kim LeValley.
In 1980, Godwin was living in Palm Springs, California, working as a self-employed tool salesman, a mechanic, and a construction worker, with no discernible criminal history. Godwin and his roommate, Frank Soto, Jr., planned to rob a drug dealer and pilot, Kim Robert LeValley, who was once a friend of theirs. Godwin and Soto lured LeValley back to their condominium where Soto held him, Godwin punched and kicked him, tried to strangle him, then ultimately stabbed LeValley twenty-six times with his butcher knife. After the murder, Godwin and Soto loaded the body into a truck and set off for the desert. Godwin tried to blow up the evidence by using homemade explosives strapped to the body. The explosion was intended to disguise the murder of LeValley. On August 3, 1980, some Eagle Mountain residents found a blown-up pickup truck with remains of a human body inside of it abandoned in the desert. Later, police identified the body and charged Godwin with first-degree murder. Although Soto testified against Godwin, Soto was sentenced to twenty-five years to life in prison for the murder in 1982. Godwin was sentenced for the murder and robbery to 26 years to life in prison in 1983.
Escape from Folsom State Prison.
In 1987, Godwin attempted to escape during his incarceration at Deuel Vocational Institute in California, and he was moved to Folsom State Prison, a maximum-security prison. Authorities believe Godwin's wife Shelly Rose Godwin and his former cellmate in Deuel, Lorenz Karlic, helped to plan his escape.
A hacksaw and other tools had been smuggled into the prison for Godwin. On June 5, 1987, he cut a hole through fence wire and escaped into a storm drain that emptied into the American River. Godwin dropped through a manhole and crawled 750 feet through the pitch-black drain. An accomplice, suspected to be either Godwin's wife or Karlic, had left a raft that Godwin used to float down the river, following painted arrows on rocks that directed him where to go.
In June 1987, Karlic was arrested in Hesperia, California, and convicted for aiding Godwin's escape.
In January 1988, Shelly Godwin was classified as a federal fugitive for her role in her husband's escape. She was captured by the FBI in Dallas, Texas, on February 7, 1990.
Capture and escape.
Godwin fled to Mexico, where he unsuccessfully participated in the illegal drug trade. He was arrested in Puerto Vallarta, later convicted for drug trafficking in Guadalajara, Mexico, and sentenced to seven years and six months in Puente Grande prison in 1991. While American authorities were working on Godwin's extradition proceedings, he allegedly killed a member of a Mexican drug cartel in prison. The new murder allegation delayed his extradition, which gave Godwin more time to execute another escape, which occurred in September 1991.
Godwin is currently believed to be involved in the illicit drug trade somewhere in Latin America, having possibly used aliases such as Dennis Harold McWilliams, Nigel Lopez and Miguel Carrera. He is considered to be armed and extremely dangerous, and an obvious flight risk. The FBI is offering a reward of up to $100,000 for information leading to Godwin's capture.

</doc>
<doc id="5886556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886556" title="Yasuji Okamura">
Yasuji Okamura

Biography.
Early life.
Born in Tokyo in 1884, Okamura enrolled in Sakamachi Elementary School and graduated eight years later. In 1897, he entered Waseda Junior High School. In 1898, he was transferred to Tokyo Junior Army School, and was transferred to Army Central Junior School later. Okamura entered the 16th class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1899 and graduated in 1904. His classmates included the future generals Itagaki Seishiro, Kenji Doihara and Ando Rikichi. He was commissioned a lieutenant in the IJA 1st Infantry Regiment. 
In 1910, Okamura entered the 25th class of the Army War College, and was promoted to captain soon after graduation in 1913. He served in a number of staff positions on the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff during and after World War I. He moved briefly to China in the early 1920s, and served as a military advisor to a Chinese warlord. 
From 1932 to 1933, Okamura was Vice chief-of-staff of the Shanghai Expeditionary Army under the aegis of the Kwantung Army. According to Okamura's own memoirs, he played a role in the recruitment of comfort women from Nagasaki prefecture to serve in military brothels in Shanghai. He also served as military attaché to Manchukuo from 1933-1934.
Okamura was promoted to lieutenant general in 1936, and assigned command of the IJA 2nd Division.
Second Sino-Japanese War.
In 1938, a year after the Marco Polo Bridge Incident, Okamura was assigned as the commander in chief of the Japanese Eleventh Army, which participated in numerous major engagements in the Second Sino-Japanese War, notably the Battles of Wuhan, Nanchang and Changsha. According to historians Yoshiaki Yoshimi and Seiya Matsuno, Okamura was authorized by Emperor Showa to use chemical weapons during those battles. 
In April 1940, Okamura was promoted to the rank of full general. In July 1941, he was appointed the commander-in-chief of the Northern China Area Army. In December 1941, Okamura received Imperial General Headquarters Order Number 575 authorizing the implementation of the Three Alls Policy in north China, aimed primarily at breaking the Chinese Red Army. According to historian Mitsuyoshi Himeta, the scorched earth campaign was responsible for the deaths of "more than 2.7 million" Chinese civilians.
In 1944, Okamura was overall commander of the massive and largely successful Operation Ichigo against airfields in southern China, while retaining personal command of the Japanese Sixth Area Army. A few months later, he was appointed the commander-in-chief of the China Expeditionary Army. As late as January 1945, Okamura was still confident of the victory of Japan in China.
With the surrender of Japan on 15 August 1945, Okamura represented the Imperial Japanese Army in the China Burma India Theater official surrender ceremony held at Nanjing on 9 September 1945.
General Okamura is the first confirmed officer in the Japanese army who instituted forced prostitution. Widely known as the system of "comfort women". His order can be traced back to 1932 with documentation of Japanese Lieutenant-General Okamura Yasuji’s proposal for a “shipment” of comfort women to be sent to Shanghai.
[http://www.smc.edu/voices/forerunner/spring03/philosophy/comfort%20women.htm]
War Crimes and Postwar life.
After the war, Okamura was convicted for war crimes in July 1948 by the Nanjing War Crimes Tribunal but was immediately protected by the personal order of Nationalist leader Chiang Kai-shek, who retained him as a military adviser for the Nationalist Government (China). 
While he was questioned by the investigators, he testified about the Nanking massacre:
Okamura returned to Japan in 1949 and died in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="5886558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886558" title="Lorenzo Alcazar">
Lorenzo Alcazar

Lorenzo Alcazar is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera "General Hospital", originated by actor Ted King, who previously played Lorenzo's deceased brother Luis Alcazar. He was temporarily portrayed by Jay Pickett in 2006.
Casting.
After previously playing the role of Luis Alcazar in 2002, King originated the role of brother Lorenzo in June 2003. In 2005, King won Favorite Villain in the 19th annual Soap Opera Digest Awards.
In 2007, King chose not to renew his contract and left the series. In an interview with Carolyn Hinsey, Ted King stated his frustration with the direction of Lorenzo Alcazar on the show, stating "Sonny didn't kill his brother or his son [Diego or his niece . He's lost three people, and Sonny didn't kill any of them. Yet he's always angry at Sonny. It doesn't make any sense to me." However, he also expressed he would miss the show, explaining to "Soap Opera Digest", "Absolutely! The great thing about what I've been able to do with this character in the last four and a half years, particularly with Lorenzo, was that he's been very three-dimensional."
Storylines.
2003–07.
Lorenzo Alcazar arrives as a known international arms dealer, an intelligent and powerful man with ties to organized crime and high-ranking government agencies. Prior to joining the family business, he was a history professor at Oxford University. Lorenzo originally entered Oxford as a student of law, until he became involved with an idealistic French woman named Sophie Germaine who was tragically killed. Lorenzo blames himself for what happened to Sophie, and abandoned his life in England to become part of the Alcazar family business.
Lorenzo comes to Port Charles to avenge the death of his older brother, Luis Alcazar (also played by King). He learns Alexis Davis is the person responsible for his brother's death, but does not take revenge on her because she is a civilian. Knowing his brother's presence in Port Charles was due in part to resident mobster Sonny Corinthos, Lorenzo becomes a thorn in Corinthos’ side. He tries to get Sonny's half-brother Ric Lansing to usurp the organization from his brother. Ric kidnaps Carly Corinthos and holds her in a panic room at his house. Alcazar finds out about this and helps Ric conceal Carly. He then holds her hostage himself for weeks as leverage over Sonny. While holding Carly, Lorenzo falls in love with her. Months later, Lorenzo becomes in charge of raising his niece, Sage Alcazar when she moves to town, who is later murdered at the Quartermaine mansion by Mary Bishop.
Carly is shot in the head by her husband Sonny, and suffers severe brain damage. She enters a coma, where she experiences a life with Lorenzo as her husband. When Carly comes out of her coma, she has trouble adjusting to her life. She discovers feelings for Lorenzo, putting a strain on her marriage. When Sonny sees her kissing Lorenzo, he leaves her. They eventually reconcile for sake of their children, but later officially divorce. After her divorce from Sonny, Carly later marries Lorenzo. Carly and Lorenzo suffer martial problems because of her close relationship to Sonny, and eventually divorce.
Meanwhile, Lorenzo finds out he has a son, Diego Alcazar, by former lover Maria Sanchez. He offers Diego a home, and wants to be a part of his son's life. During this time, Lorenzo and Skye Chandler Quartermaine become involved when Lorenzo realized his love for Carly would never be returned. After they spent one night together, she becomes pregnant. Lorenzo tries to sway his son from a life of crime without success. Lorenzo tries to leave organized crime to keep the dangerous lifestyle away from his family. However, when Jason Morgan gets Diego Alcazar arrested, Lorenzo returns to arms dealing in order to use his connections to protect his son from going to prison.
Despite Lorenzo's attempts to protect his son, Diego is apparently killed in 2006 by Sam McCall in a shoot-out between Alcazar's men and Jason Morgan, who was on the run with Sam when Ric and Lorenzo hired Damian Spinelli to frame Sam for a crime she didn't commit. The apparent death of his son left Lorenzo devastated and determined to make sure his new daughter Lila Rae Alcazar would never suffer the same fate as Diego. 
After the loss of several shipments, Lorenzo goes to Sonny's office attempting to shoot him. Carly walks in, allowing Sonny enough of a distraction to shoot Lorenzo in the head instead. After his brain injury, Lorenzo fakes amnesia to gain an advantage over his enemies. Sonny, aided by Skye, sends Jason to kill Alcazar on May 23, 2007. Jason goes on trial for the murder. Carly enlists Jerry Jacks to go to Venezuela and fabricate evidence that could exonerate Jason. Jerry calls someone who sounds identical to Lorenzo, who is able to fool the banking officials and get Alcazar's assets released. This, along with doctored photos of Lorenzo indicating he is alive, are enough proof to get Jason found innocent in the murder.
Post-mortem.
In 2008, it is revealed that Diego is still alive and terrorizing Port Charles as the Text Message Killer. Diego's crimes are his way of getting revenge on his father's enemies, and avenging his death.
In 2012, both Skye and Carly recognize Lorenzo's face in a picture of Blair Cramer and Tomás Delgado's wedding announcement.

</doc>
<doc id="5886580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886580" title="Larvell Blanks">
Larvell Blanks

Larvell Blanks (born January 28, 1950) is a former Major League Baseball infielder. Blanks comes from a family of athletes. His uncle Sid is a former American football player. His cousin, Lance, is a former professional basketball player and current General Manager of the Phoenix Suns of the NBA, while Lance's daughter, Riley, plays tennis at the University of Virginia.
Early years.
Blanks was born in Del Rio, Texas, one of Herbert and Hannah Mae Blanks' eight children. When he was twelve years old, Blanks competed in the 1962 Little League World Series with Val Verde County Little League. Besides baseball, he played basketball and track and was quarterback for San Felipe High School's football team. Upon graduation, he was drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the third round of the 1969 Major League Baseball Draft.
Blanks was named team MVP in his first professional season with the Pioneer League's Magic Valley Cowboys. It was around this time he acquired the nickname "Sugar Bear" from teammates Ralph Garr and Darrell Evans due to his aggressive batting style. During his fourth minor league season, he received his first call up to the majors when Braves left fielder Rico Carty went on the disabled list with elbow tendinitis.
Atlanta Braves.
Having been used all over the infield in the minors. Blanks played second base primarily in . He ended his first month in the majors with a .415 batting average, but cooled off to .329 by the end of the season. During the off-season, regular second baseman Félix Millán was dealt to the New York Mets, seemingly opening the door for Blanks to inherit the second base job until the Braves acquired Davey Johnson from the Baltimore Orioles four weeks later. Instead, Blanks spent the first two months of the season as a pinch hitter and pinch runner for Atlanta before being demoted to the triple A Richmond Braves at the end of May. Blanks batted .261 with twenty home runs and 82 runs batted in over two seasons at Richmond before receiving a call back up to the majors in September .
With incumbent shortstop Craig Robinson not hitting, Blanks was shifted over to short early in the season. He batted .234 with three home runs and 38 RBIs while committing 27 errors on the field his only major league season as a regular. Feeling the need to upgrade at short, the Braves acquired Darrel Chaney from the Cincinnati Reds for Mike Lum at the 1975 Winter meetings. Later the same day, Blanks and Ralph Garr were sent to the Chicago White Sox for Ken Henderson, Dick Ruthven and Ozzie Osborn. The Chisox then sent Blanks to the Cleveland Indians for Jack Brohamer.
Cleveland Indians.
Despite not having a regular position, Blanks still saw a decent amount of playing time in as a middle infielder. Early in his Cleveland career, Blanks and manager Frank Robinson got along, but the relationship began to crumble in . Blanks batted .280 with five home runs and 41 RBIs his first season in Cleveland, and believed he should be starting at short over Frank Duffy (.212, with two home runs and thirty RBIs in 66 more plate appearances). Robinson stuck with Duffy, however, as he had the better glove.
Several other players also began to mutiny against Robinson, leading to his dismissal 57 games into the 1977 season. Though Duffy remained the primary shortstop over the rest of the season, Blanks saw an upswing in playing time under new manager Jeff Torborg. On July 8, he enjoyed the only two home run game of his career against the Toronto Blue Jays. When starting third baseman Buddy Bell went down with a stretched ligament in his left knee on September 4, Blanks spent the rest of the season as his team's starting third baseman, batting .329 with six RBIs, however, committing three errors.
In Spring training , Blanks beat out Duffy for the starting shortstop job. Shortly afterwards, Duffy was dealt to the Boston Red Sox. He hit pretty well, driving in ten runs in the month of April, but a throwing error against the California Angels on May 5 was his tenth error in just a month of play. He was soon replaced at short by Tom Veryzer. After the season, he and Jim Kern were traded to the Texas Rangers for Bobby Bonds and Len Barker.
Texas Rangers.
Blanks' playing time diminished in Texas. He made just 138 plate appearances, the fewest he'd ever made in a full major league season. After the season, he and Doyle Alexander were traded to the Atlanta Braves for Jeff Burroughs, Adrian Devine and Pepe Frías, however, Burroughs invoked his no-trade clause. The trade was later worked out with the Braves receiving $50,000 instead of Burroughs.
Retirement.
Blanks' second go round with the Braves did not go well as he was released during the season with a .204 batting average. He signed a minor league deal with the Pittsburgh Pirates in , but decided to head to Mexico instead, playing for the Coatzacoalcos Azules. He spent five seasons in the Mexican Baseball League before retiring. In , he played with the Orlando Juice of the Senior Professional Baseball Association. He has since taken up golfing, and competes on the Golf Channel's Amateur Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5886582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886582" title="Johnsonville, North Carolina">
Johnsonville, North Carolina

Johnsonville is an unincorporated community located in the Johnsonville Township of Harnett County, North Carolina. It is located at the intersection of NC 24 and NC 27. It is a part of the Dunn Micropolitan Area, which is also a part of the greater Raleigh–Durham–Cary Combined Statistical Area (CSA) as defined by the United States Census Bureau.
Residences in the community typically have a Cameron or Sanford, North Carolina address.

</doc>
<doc id="5886584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886584" title="University of Yazd">
University of Yazd

University of Yazd is an Iranian university in the city of Yazd in Yazd Province of Iran.
The university was founded in 1988,[http://pweb.yazduni.ac.ir/] and has witnessed a period of rapid growth ever since. The university offers degrees in Ph.D. (33), Masters (77), and Bachelors (63) levels.
Colleges.
The University currently has 5 main faculties as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5886586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886586" title="James E. Akins">
James E. Akins

James Elmer Akins (born October 15, 1926 in Akron, Ohio - July 15, 2010 in Mitchelville, Maryland) was the U.S. Ambassador to Saudi Arabia from September, 1973 to February, 1976, just in time to serve during the 1973 Oil Crisis of October, 1973 - March, 1974. Akins was a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and on the advisory council of the Iran Policy Committee (IPC). Akins has been involved with the pro-Palestine organization If Americans Knew.
Early life and career.
Born in Akron, Ohio, he was raised a Quaker. He attended the University of Akron, leaving to serve in the Navy for two years in World War II, and graduated in 1947. He joined the Foreign Service in 1954 and worked in Italy, France, Syria, Lebanon, Kuwait and Baghdad before being appointed to the State Department's top energy post in 1968.
Director of fuels and energy at the U.S. State Department.
In 1971 after Libya demanded an increase of 40 cents a barrel, and the oil companies offered only a nickel, Akins took Libya's side. After the 40-cent price rise went through, it was later seen as an important step in the development of OPEC. After attending a meeting of Arab OPEC oil producers in May 1972 in Algiers, where he confirmed that they were eager to take advantage of the increasing dependence on the crude they pumped of the U.S. and other Western countries, Akins correctly predicted a coming oil embargo, saying that OPEC countries could not spend as much money as they were getting for their oil, and had realized that "oil in the ground is as good as oil in the bank." In an influential article in the journal "Foreign Affairs" in April 1973, Akins correctly predicted that world oil consumption for the next 12 years would exceed that of all previous human history, and warned that the loss of production from any two Middle Eastern countries would push prices from $3 a barrel to more than $5. In fact, they reached $39.50. Akins was promoted from director of fuels and energy at the U.S. State Department to U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia in September, 1973, one month before the 1973 Oil Crisis began.
U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia.
One of his first acts as ambassador was to send a confidential message to oil executives who were forming the Aramco consortium in Saudi Arabia "to use their contacts at the highest levels" of the U.S. government to "hammer home the point that oil restrictions are not going to be lifted unless political struggle is settled in a manner satisfactory to Arabs", advocating at least some measure of support for Arab claims against Israel, something he would often do later in life as an industry consultant, and was often criticized for. "Here he was, the American ambassador to Saudi Arabia, attempting to reinforce the Arabs' blackmail of the United States", wrote Steven Emerson in his book "The American House of Saud" (1985). Akins' reply was that he was just doing his job of promoting U.S. interests, which may or may not coincide with those of Israel because of growing U.S. dependence on Arab oil. Akins was dismissed as ambassador in August 1975 after a series of clashes on policy matters with Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, one involving Akins' assertion (dismissed as "absurd" by Mr. Kissinger) that Kissinger had approved of Iran's raising oil prices to buy American arms, another involving Akins's assertion that a top foreign policy maker (Kissinger?) was pondering a United States takeover of Middle East oil fields. Akins also infuriated the Secretary of State when he protested Kissinger's successful request for Saudi officials to grant entry to New York Times columnist C.L. Sulzberger, who the Saudis had initially refused a visa to because they didn't allow Jews to enter the country. Akins claimed to first find out about his firing from a friend who called to read him a newspaper article reporting it, saying "I presume that I have stepped on a few toes" in an interview with The New York Times. Akins claimed that during his tenure as ambassador he built trust and understanding between Saudi Arabia and Israel, turning King Faisal of Saudi Arabia from rejecting the idea of a Jewish state to accepting the legitimacy of Israel within its pre-1967 borders.
Criticism of the pro-Israeli lobby.
In an 1979 interview in "Time", Akins warned of a "growing wave of anti-Americanism" in Saudi Arabia, which proved prescient when it turned out to be the home of 15 of 19 hijackers in the September 11 Attacks. In 1989 Akins and others asked the Federal Election Commission (FEC) to force the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) to register as a political action committee and reveal private information about its operations. Akins was then lead plaintiff in a lawsuit against the FEC, resulting in the 1998 U.S. Supreme Court decision Federal Election Commission v. Akins. In 1994 Akins made a speech in which he said: "Our foreign policy was so pro-Israel that we alienated the Arabs, yet our energy policy, such as it was, made us dependent on Arab oil."
Death.
Akins died July 15, 2010 after a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="5886588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886588" title="L.A.P.D. (band)">
L.A.P.D. (band)

L.A.P.D. (Love And Peace Dude, later Laughing As People Die) is an American funk metal band, formed in 1989, in Bakersfield, California. From 1989 to 1991, the member line-up was James Shaffer, Reginald Arvizu, David Silveria, Richard Morrill. The group has released one studio album, one extended play, and one compilation album.
The band was originally formed by Shaffer, Arvizu, and Morrill. Capra approached the band introducing them to bands like the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Faith No More. Still in need for a drummer, the band placed an advertisement in a local newspaper which was answered by Silveria. Shortly after this, the band recorded a demo album which was meant to be sent out to record companies. Realizing they would have to continue the band in a more populated area in order for them to expand, all of the members but Shaffer left Bakersfield and resided in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California (Shaffer later moved to Hollywood as well). In late 1989, the band hired a man named Arthur as their manager, resulting in them getting signed to Triple X Records. The band recorded and released their first extended play in 1989, but it suffered from poor distribution. 
In 1991, they released "Who's Laughing Now", their first full-length studio album. Shortly after the album's release, Capra left the band and was replaced by someone only noted by his first name Corey. Corey was fired from the band several weeks later. After this, Morrill quit the band, and the rest of the group set out to form the band Korn with two other people. Several of the band's former members have formed solo projects. In 1997, a compilation album consisting of fourteen tracks was released.
History.
Formation and early years (1989).
L.A.P.D. formed in Bakersfield, California, in 1989. The band was started with Richard Morrill, James Shaffer, and Reginald Arvizu. With both guitarist and bass guitar positions filled, there was still a need for a lead vocalist, as well as a percussionist. The group asked Pete Capra to join their band. Capra joined the band and was positioned as lead vocalist. Although he had not been a vocalist for other bands, Capra introduced the group to bands like the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Faith No More. The group was inspired by the bands that Capra had shown them, and committed to head into those band's genres and style.
The band still needed a drummer, so they put an ad in a local newspaper. The ad description stated that they were a "funk, thrash, metal groove band looking for a drummer." This resulted in David Silveria auditioning for the band. Although at the time Silveria was only fifteen, he was still recruited to the band, filling the percussionist position. L.A.P.D. recorded a demo album consisting of four songs, "James Brown", "Stinging Like a Bee", "Jesus", and "Don't Label Me", which were all ready to be sent out to various record labels.
The group left Bakersfield and set out for Los Angeles, California. Shaffer was the only band member that was not in favor of the act. He was the only one to stay in Bakersfield, while all the other band members left. Silveria dropped out of high school to leave Bakersfield. L.A.P.D. began rehearsing at a space located in Hollywood, California, near Western Avenue. Shaffer decided to return to the band when he and his girlfriend broke up. Brian Welch, a guitarist who knew Shaffer and Arvizu when they were in high school (and who later joined the band when they reformed as Korn), would occasionally "check out the [band's] music scene." At the time, Welch was a member of the band Creep.
Releases and break-up (Late 1989–1990).
L.A.P.D. was performing at several gigs in Hollywood throughout their self-titled EP era. After one of their shows, a local and drumming protege of Gene Krupa known as Arthur Von Blomberg was positioned as manager. After the group was kicked out of their original studio for not paying the rent on time, they quickly found another practice space in Santa Monica, California. In 1990, their manager introduced them to Triple X Records, an independent Los Angeles based record company that has signed bands such as Dr. Dre, Social Distortion, Jane's Addiction, and the The Vandals. The company offered them a contract after seeing them in concert. Bassist Arvizu described the contract as "pitiful," but L.A.P.D. still signed and began recording their album. According to Arvizu, the record company did not distribute the album properly. In 1989, the group released ther first EP "Love and Peace Dude" through Triple X Records.
In 1991, L.A.P.D. recorded their second album, "Who's Laughing Now". Released on May 3, 1991, it was their first full-length studio album, and consisted of eleven tracks. After they recorded the album, the group's lead vocalist, Pete Capra, left L.A.P.D. and was replaced by someone affectionately known by other band members as Corey. Bassist Arvizu wrote: "Pete was always doing amphetamines and stuff. He pretty much left just because of his drug abuse. So Munky [Shaffer, David , and I had to start all over again." The band later fired Corey after his behavior during an audition with producer Ross Robinson. While looking for a new singer, they heard Jonathan Davis singing for the band Sexart. After the show, the remaining band members of L.A.P.D. asked him to join their band. Shortly after this, the band changed their name to Korn and added Brian Welch to the member line-up.
Post–breakup and subsequent projects (1992-2010).
The band continued on through Shaffer, Arvizu, and Silveria, who soon added Jonathan Davis as lead singer and Brian Welch as another guitarist. Bassist Reginald Arvizu, (now known better as "Fieldy") released a solo album entitled "Rock'n Roll Gangster" on January 22, 2002. In 2006, Fieldy formed the band StillWell with Q-Unique and P.O.D. drummer Noah "Wuv" Bernardo. Fear and the Nervous System is currently one of James Shaffer's (now known by band members as "Munky") side projects, formed in 2008. As of 2009, Pete Capra, Richard Morrill, remain good friends with all of L.A.P.D.'s members. Aside from projects by the members of L.A.P.D., in 1997 a compilation album was also released. The album featured songs from both their EP, "Love and Peace Dude", and their full–length studio album, "Who's Laughing Now".
Style and influence.
The group considered themselves to be a "funk, thrash metal groove band" when they posted an ad in a Bakersfield newspaper. Bradley Torreano from Allmusic noted that the band was "a far different beast than what its members would move on to," while also saying it incorporated "elements of funk into their thrashy stew." Bassist Reginald Arvizu describes L.A.P.D.'s music as being "very heavy," and also said that "audiences loved ."
L.A.P.D.'s art and visual imagery complemented the themes of their music and performance. The band members adopted a "baggy hip-hop street way of dressing." Bassist Arvizu had dreadlocks, and said that there "was absolutely nothing femme about band." L.A.P.D.'s final singer, Corey, was described by Arvizu as the following:
When the band was first started, their lead singer introduced them to bands such as the funk rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers and alternative metal band Faith No More, and the group has since cited them as major influences to their musical style. The group is considered to have launched the careers of three members of the nu metal band Korn. Drummer David Silveria said that "L.A.P.D. really was good for us because we learned about the industry and how things work." Korn has influenced bands like Slipknot, Saliva, Breaking Benjamin, and Flyleaf.

</doc>
<doc id="5886591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886591" title="Cramble Cross">
Cramble Cross

Cramble Cross is a public footpath through the English countryside. It is located near North Cowton in Richmondshire District Council in North Yorkshire.
It begins near the village green in North Cowton and ends on the back road between Dalton Gates and Moulton village.
The footpath crosses a field which was historically known as Scotch Graves, it is one of the possible sites of the Battle of the Standard in 1138. It is thought that the name Cramble Cross takes its name from a cross marking the last stand of the defeated Scottish soldiers.
The most interesting feature of this short walk is place where it crosses the cutting on the disbanded Eryholme-Richmond branch line. Further along the line to the west the cutting has been partially filled in and is used as a slurry pit by a local farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="5886595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886595" title="Alpha Epsilon Delta">
Alpha Epsilon Delta

Alpha Epsilon Delta (ΑΕΔ) is a U.S. health preprofessional honor society. The organization currently has more than 144,000 members within 186 chapters at universities throughout the United States, making it the world's largest Honor Society serving all students from different backgrounds in the pursuit of a career in healthcare.
History.
On April 28, 1926, fifteen premedical students at the University of Alabama met with Dr. Jack Montgomery, premedical adviser and professor of organic chemistry, to formalize the organization of a new premedical honor society. Baylor University, Samford University, The University of Texas, and the University of South Carolina established chapters in 1928/29. At the first national convention at the University of Alabama on April 18, 1930, ten members representing five chapters and one petitioning group were in attendance. From these modest beginnings, Alpha Epsilon Delta (AED) has today become the world's largest Honor Society exclusively serving premedical education, with a membership exceeding 144,000 in 186 chapters. In 1949, AED was incorporated in the State of Michigan. In February 1962, the Society was reincorporated in the District of Columbia as a nonprofit, educational organization.
Mission statement.
"Alpha Epsilon Delta is the National Health Preprofessional Honor Society dedicated to the encouragement and recognition of excellence in preprofessional health scholarship, including medicine, dentistry, veterinary, and others. The Society welcomes ALL students engaged in the pursuit of a professional healthcare career. AED offers opportunities for intellectual and professional development, provides a forum for students with common interests, and extends a program of service to benefit the college/university community."
Membership.
Membership is open to undergraduate students with a major interest in medicine and who meet the minimum requirements. Some chapters offer an Associate membership for those who have yet to meet these requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="5886597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886597" title="Philosophy of geography">
Philosophy of geography

Philosophy of geography is that subfield of philosophy which deals with epistemological, metaphysical, and axiological issues in geography, with geographic methodology in general, and with more broadly related issues such as the perception and representation of space and place.
Though methodological issues concerning geographical knowledge have been debated for centuries, Richard Hartshorne (1899-1992) is often credited with its first major systematic treatment in English, "The Nature of Geography: A Critical Survey of Current Thought in the Light of the Past", which appeared in 1939, and which prompted several volumes of critical essays in subsequent decades. John Kirtland Wright (1891–1969), an American geographer notable for his cartography and study of the history of geographical thought, coined the related term geosophy in 1947, for this kind of broad study of geographical knowledge. Other books oft-cited as key works in the field include David Harvey's 1969 "Explanation in Geography" and Henri Lefebvre's 1974 The Production of Space. It was a discussion of issues raised by the latter which in part inspired the founding of a "Society for Philosophy and Geography" in the 1990s.
The "Society for Philosophy and Geography" was founded in 1997 by Andrew Light, a philosopher currently at George Mason University, and Jonathan Smith a geographer at Texas A&M University. Three volumes of an annual peer-reviewed journal, "Philosophy and Geography," were published by Rowman & Littlefield Press which later became a bi-annual journal published by Carfax publishers. This journal merged with another journal started by geographers, "Ethics, Place, and Environment," in 2005 to become "Ethics, Place, and Environment: A journal of philosophy and geography" published by Routledge. The journal was edited by Light and Smith up to 2009, and has published work by philosophers, geographers, and others in allied fields, on questions of space, place, and the environment broadly construed. It has come to be recognized as instrumental in expanding the scope of the field of environmental ethics to include work on urban environments.
In 2009 Smith retired from the journal and Benjamin Hale from the University of Colorado came on as the new co-editor. Hale and Light relaunched the journal in January 2011 as Ethics, Policy, and Environment. While the journal has since focused more on the relationship between environmental ethics and policy, it still welcomes submissions on relevant work from geographers.
A book series, also initially published by Rowman & Littlefield, and later by Cambridge Scholars Press, began in 2002 to publish the transactions of the "Society for Philosophy and Geography"'s annual meetings, organized by Gary Backhaus and John Murungi of Towson University. In 2005 the society sponsoring these annual meetings became the "International Association for the Study of Environment, Space, and Place", and in 2009 the book series gave way to a peer-reviewed journal, "Environment, Space, Place", published semiannually and currently edited by C. Patrick Heidkamp, Troy Paddock, and Christine Petto of Southern Connecticut State University.

</doc>
<doc id="5886604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886604" title="I am a Dalek">
I am a Dalek

I am a Dalek is a BBC Books original novella written by Gareth Roberts and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It features the Tenth Doctor and Rose. This paperback is part of the Quick Reads Initiative sponsored by the UK government, to encourage literacy. It has a similar look to BBC Books' other new series adventures, except for its much shorter word count, being a paperback and not being numbered as part of the same series. To date it is the one of only five novels based upon the revived series that have not been published in hardcover: the second, "Made of Steel", was published in March 2007; the third, "Revenge of the Judoon", was published in March 2008; the fourth, "The Sontaran Games", was published in February 2009; and the fifth, "Code of the Krillitanes", was published in March 2010. These four books are also part of the Quick Reads Initiative.
Synopsis.
The Doctor and Rose Tyler are preparing to enjoy a visit to Earth's Moon when they discover that the TARDIS has, on its own volition, taken them instead to a small seaside town in present-day England. In this town, the dead shell of a Dalek has been discovered by archaeologists in 1st century Roman ruins on the site of a decommissioned Cold War-era military bunker.
The Doctor and Rose are separated for a time when the TARDIS dematerializes with Rose still outside the ship. The Doctor finds himself at the dig where he befriends one of the archaeologists and, upon recognizing the Dalek, attempts to disarm the dead creature by giving his new friend custody of the Dalek's gun arm.
Rose, meanwhile, witnesses a traffic accident in which a young woman named Kate is apparently killed. However, Kate proceeds to regenerate in much the same fashion as the Doctor, which causes her hair colour to change and — unknown to Rose — her intellect to increase exponentially. Along with Kate's newfound intelligence comes a confusing desire to exterminate every human on the planet, starting with her ex-boyfriend.
The Doctor and Rose eventually reunite at the dig site, where Kate reactivates the Dalek, causing it to also regenerate. Rose and the confused Kate escape, while the Doctor tries to unsuccessfully disable the revived Dalek before it can go on a killing spree. The Dalek tracks down and kills the archeologist in order to reacquire its gun arm.
Meanwhile, Kate's personality becomes more Dalek-like, and she eventually unites with the Dalek, who bargains for the use of a time travel technology, with Earth as the bargaining chip.
It is revealed that Kate is a form of Dalek-human hybrid, the result of an attempt by Daleks who came to Earth millennia earlier (because of the Time War) and injected a "Dalek Factor" into humanity. However, only a few individuals retained it in the present day.
With encouragement from Rose and the Doctor, Kate's human personality manages to reassert itself against the Dalek influence and she destroys the Dalek, returning to her pre-accident self.

</doc>
<doc id="5886605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886605" title="Vahieroa (Tahitian mythology)">
Vahieroa (Tahitian mythology)

In Tahitian mythology, Vahieroa is a son of Tafa'i and his wife Hina, and is born at his father's house in the Tapahi hills of Mahina in north Tahiti. He weds Maemae-a-rohi, sister of the ruling chief Tumu-nui. 
When Tumu-nui sails with his supporters in the canoes Matie-roa and Matie-poto to recover his daughter Hau-van'a who has sailed away to marry King Tu-i-hiti of Hiti-au-revareva, a giant clam attacks them, and the entire party of Tumu-nui is swallowed up. His younger brother 'Iore-roa (big rat) and his brother-in-law Vahieroa go to seek him and are swallowed in their turn. Vahieroa's wife Maemae-a-rohi, who has been left as regent, rears her son Rata and herself sails with Tumu-nui's wife, leaving her son as regent in her place, and on her return is drawn in by the clam just as her son arrives to rescue her and restore the bones of the other voyagers (Beckwith 1970:260-261).

</doc>
<doc id="5886623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886623" title="Lon Stiner">
Lon Stiner

Alonzo "Lon" Stiner (June 20, 1903 – March 8, 1985) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Oregon State University from 1933 to 1948, compiling a record of 74–49–17.
Early life.
Stiner was born June 20, 1903 at Hastings, Nebraska. He graduated from the University of Nebraska. He was captain of the football team and gained All-America honors. After graduation he worked as a teacher at the University of Colorado for two years.
Stiner moved to Oregon State in 1928, where he served as an instructor, track coach and assistant football coach before assuming the job of head football coach in 1933.
Coaching career.
During his tenure as head football coach of Oregon State, Stiner compiled a 74–49–17 record, setting school records for wins, and winning percentage (.589). His best season came in 1939, when his team went 9–1–1 and a win in the Pineapple Bowl against Hawaii, 39–6.
"Iron Men" Game.
Stiner coached in one of the greatest upset ties in NCAA history. On October 21, 1933, eleven Beaver "Iron Men" fought USC to a scoreless tie in what many consider to be the greatest game in Oregon State football history. The Trojans, defending two-time national champions, brought an 80-man squad to Multnomah Stadium in Portland, Oregon, and saw a 25-game win streak splattered by the Beavers. The Beavers did not make a substitution, playing only eleven men, each of whom played both ways for the entire 60 minutes.
1942 Rose Bowl.
Stiner was also the head coach of another famous game in Beaver football history. His 1941 team played in the 1942 Rose Bowl. This game produced two important firsts. It was OSU's first-ever trip to the famous New Year's Day classic, and it remains the only Rose Bowl ever played outside of Pasadena, California. The reason for the move out of Pasadena was due to the attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941. The game was played at Duke University's Wallace Wade Stadium in Durham, North Carolina, with the undefeated Blue Devils picked as 3–1 favorites. Oregon State pulled off the upset and won, 20–16. Stiner, at 38, was the youngest head coach in Rose Bowl history.
The Pyramid Play.
Stiner also played a key role in another famous first in football history. The pyramid play, used in blocking kicks, originated as a prank at practice. Amazingly enough, the play was successful in blocking a kick. Stiner, upon noticing the success of the play, decided to attempt it in a game. The play consisted of hoisting the 6'5" center, Clyde Devine, onto the shoulders of 6'2" tackles Harry Fields and Ade Schwammel. At this height in the air, Devine could reach out and knock down any ball headed for the goal posts.
The first official use of the play was successfully executed against the University of Oregon in Multnomah Stadium in Portland. The Pyramid was banned by the NCAA rules committee within a year.
Despite going 5–4–3 and taking his team to the 1949 Pineapple Bowl after the 1948 season, Stiner was replaced as head coach by Kip Taylor in 1949. Stiner was 3–0 in bowl appearances. Stiner served as head coach longer than any other coach in Oregon State Beavers football history.
After football.
Stiner then worked as a labor relations representative for Edward Hines Lumber Company at Westfir, Oregon. When he retired in 1968, he and his wife, Caroline, moved to Woodburn, Oregon. Caroline died in 1972.
Stiner moved to a life care center in Richland, Washington around 1976, where he spent the last eight years of his life, to be near his daughter, Betty Ingram. Stiner suffered ill health for the last year of his life. Stiner is also survived by a son, Alonzo P. "Lon" Stiner, an attorney in Portland, and six grandchildren. Memorial services were held at 11 a.m. on Monday, March 11, at Riverview Abbey Chapel in Portland.
Stiner is an inductee of the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5886624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886624" title="2001 UEFA Champions League Final">
2001 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2001 UEFA Champions League Final was a football match that took place at San Siro in Milan, Italy, on 23 May 2001, to decide the winner of the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League. The match pitted Bayern Munich against Valencia. The match finished in a 1–1 draw, but Bayern clinched their fourth title by winning 5–4 on penalties. This was also their first European Cup title in a quarter-century, also representing Valencia's second consecutive final defeat (2000 and 2001). Due to all the goals scored by penalties and the penalty shootout needed to decide the winner, this UEFA Champions League match became an "all-penalty" final and the only one ever to happen to this day. The 2001 final saw the two previous seasons losing finalists clash, Bayern Munich lost to Manchester United in the 1999 final and Valencia lost to Real Madrid in the 2000 final.
This was the sixth European Cup final to be decided on penalties, and the second under the Champions League format. This was Héctor Cúper's third consecutive European final defeat (after his Mallorca side lost the 1999 Cup Winners' Cup Final and Valencia lost to Real Madrid in the 2000 Champions League final) while Ottmar Hitzfeld claimed his second Champions League title after he won it with Borussia Dortmund in 1997. He became the second coach in European Cup history, after Ernst Happel, to win the competition with two different clubs.
Match.
Summary.
Valencia opened the score early on with a Gaizka Mendieta penalty in the third minute after a prostrate Patrik Andersson was deemed to have handled the ball in the penalty area. Only a few minutes later, Bayern Munich were awarded a penalty after Jocelyn Angloma fouled Stefan Effenberg in the penalty box, but Mehmet Scholl's kick was saved by the legs of Santiago Cañizares. Bayern were awarded another penalty early in the second half, this time after Amedeo Carboni handled the ball while competing for a header with Carsten Jancker. This time, Stefan Effenberg took the penalty kick and sent Cañizares the wrong way to level the scores at 1–1. The scores remained level for the remainder of normal time and throughout the 30 minutes of extra time, so the match went to penalties.
Again, Valencia took the lead early on as Paulo Sérgio put the first kick of the shoot-out over the bar before Mendieta sent Kahn the wrong way. Hasan Salihamidžić, John Carew and Alexander Zickler then traded penalty goals before Kahn saved Zlatko Zahovič's kick to tie the scores at 2–2 after three kicks each. The next kick from Patrik Andersson was also saved by Cañizares, and then Kahn stretched out a hand to tip Amedeo Carboni's shot onto the crossbar. Both Ruben Baraja and Stefan Effenberg then scored to take the shoot-out to sudden death. Bixente Lizarazu and Kily González both scored their teams' sixth kicks of the penalty shoot-out, and then Thomas Linke scored for Bayern to set Mauricio Pellegrino up for the game-deciding kick. Kahn guessed the right direction and saved Pellegrino's kick, winning the cup for Bayern Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="5886627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886627" title="NET Television">
NET Television

NET Television is the name of two television stations:
See also: National Educational Television, a USA public network of the 1950s - 1970s

</doc>
<doc id="5886642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886642" title="North Carolina Highway 50">
North Carolina Highway 50

North Carolina Highway 50 (NC 50) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It traverses north–south, from Topsail Beach to Creedmoor, connecting the cities of Warsaw, Newton Grove, Benson, and Raleigh.
Route description.
NC 50 is a highway with three personalities: a beach route, a rural route and an urban route. With a total of , from the Coast to the Triangle area, it serves to directly link several cities southeasterly from the steps of the North Carolina State Capitol. However, because it parallels I-40 along the majority of its route, the highway only shines as a major route at its end points.
Beach route.
The highway begins at Florida Avenue (SR 1555), in Topsail Beach, and goes northeast through the southern half of Topsail Island to Surf City, where it crosses over the Intracoastal Waterway and onto the mainland, in concurrency with NC 210. Entering Onslow County, it connects with US 17 at Holly Ridge. Entering back into Pender County, it crosses NC 53 at Maple Hill and skirts nearby Angola Bay State Game Land.
In an event of emergency, NC 50 is designated and signed as an evacuation route for the coastal area. On Topsail Island, the highway is flanked predominantly by houses, with some view to Onslow Bay. Bicycle lanes also flank the highway in and around Surf City. North of Holly Ridge, the highway traverses through the Holly Shelter Swamp, Great Sandy Run Pocosin and Angola Swamp; most of which drains into the Cape Fear River.
Rural route.
With a brief overlap with NC 41 at Chinquapin, NC 50 goes northwest to Kenansville, where it overlaps with NC 24 Business and begins its parallel with I-40. Continuing northwest, it connects with Warsaw and switches concurrency with US 117 to Faison. Continuing solo till Dobbersville, where it overlaps with NC 55, it goes west into Newton Grove then splits with NC 55 after crossing I-40 to go northwest again. At Benson, it overlaps briefly with both NC 242 and NC 27. Taking a more northerly direction now, it eventually enters Wake County, passing by Lake Benson and into Garner, where it begins its overlap with US 70.
The route is predominantly surrounded by farmland with the occasional city, where farmers bring their products to market. At McGee Crossroads and continuing northward, the farmland gives way to sleeper communities for the Raleigh area.
Urban route.
The majority of the highway's route is in concurrency with US 70 and a lesser extent with US 401. At Garner, the highway continues northwest to Fayetteville Road (US 401), then goes north as Wilmington Street and later Saunders Street before crossing the Raleigh Beltline (I-40/US 64). As it nears Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard, the highway splits into northbound McDowell and southbound Dawson streets. At the city center, is passes by the Raleigh Convention Center, Depot Historic District, Nash Square, and a block from the State Capital, Legislative Building and the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences.
Leaving north from the city center, the highway's north and southbound lanes merge back together forming Capital Boulevard, which is squeezed between two rail-yards. Exiting from Capital Boulevard (US 401), it briefly overlaps Wade Avenue before connecting onto Glenwood Avenue. Continuing northwest again, it crosses the Raleigh Beltline (I-44/US 1) and enters Midtown Raleigh area. Near the Crabtree Valley Mall, NC 50 splits with US 70 and continues north along Creedmoor Road.
After crossing the Northern Wake Expressway (I-540), it leaves the Raleigh city limits. Crossing over the Neuse River, inside the Falls Lake State Recreation Area, it soon enters Granville. At Creedmoor, NC 50 goes through its city center before connecting with NC 56, before promptly ending at US 15.
The highway throughout this area is typically four or more lanes with mostly commerce along its route.
Dedicated and memorial names.
NC 50 features at least one dedicated or memorialized stretch along its route.
History.
Established in 1935 as a renumbering of NC 221, the second and current NC 50 traversed from Newton Grove to Coats, through Benson. In 1937, NC 50 was rerouted on new primary routing north from Benson to US 70, in Garner; its old alignment to Coats was replaced by NC 40.
In 1952, NC 50 was extended through Newton Grove to Dobbersville, overlapping with NC 55, then going southeast on a new primary routing to Faison. In 1953, its northern terminus was clipped from Garner Road (SR 1004) to a new routing of US 70. Between 1956-1958, NC 50 was extended south to its current southern terminus in Topsail Beach; extending south along US 117 to Warsaw, then along NC 24 to Kenansville, then on new primary routing southeast to the coast, with short overlaps with NC 41 and NC 210. In 1957, NC 50 was extended north to its current northern terminus in Creedmoor; overlapping west along US 70 through Raleigh, then replacing US 15A north to Creedmoor.
In 1967, northbound US 70/US 401/NC 50 was adjusted around Wilmington Street and South Street, in downtown Raleigh. In 1972, US 70/NC 50 was rerouted from Glenwood Avenue (downgraded to secondary road) to stay along Capital Boulevard then go west along the Raleigh Beltway back to Glenwood Avenue. In 1984, US 70/US 401/NC 50 were taken off downtown Raleigh streets and was rerouted going counter-clockwise along the Raleigh Beltway. In 1991, NC 50, and US 70/US 401, returned to downtown Raleigh; routed along Saunders Street, Dawson/McDowell Streets and Connector, Capital Boulevard, Wade Avenue and finally Glenwood Avenue.
The first NC 50 was an original state highway that ran from the South Carolina state line north through Rockingham, Aberdeen, Southern Pines, Sanford, Raleigh, Wake Forest, Henderson, Warrenton and finally Roanoke Rapids, ending at NC 40 (Weldon Road). In 1923, the section between Norlina and Roanoke Rapids was renumbered to NC 48; NC 50 was then rerouted north to Virginia. In 1925, NC 50 replaced part of NC 204 at Marston. In 1926, US 1 was established through the state and was routed entirely along NC 50. In 1934, NC 50 was decommissioned in favor of US 1.
North Carolina Highway 221.
North Carolina Highway 221 (NC 221) was established as a new primary routing from NC 102/NC 117, in Newton Grove, through Benson, to NC 55, in Coats. By the end of 1934 or early 1935, NC 221 was quickly renumbered as NC 50.

</doc>
<doc id="5886662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886662" title="The Song and The Slogan">
The Song and The Slogan

The Song & the Slogan was composed by Daniel Steven Crafts in 1996, on commission from the late opera tenor Jerry Hadley. It sets to music sections of Carl Sandburg’s 1918 prose poem “Prairie” with excerpts from other Sandburg poems chosen by Hadley. The piece premiered in 2000 and was later made into a TV program for Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) Public television. The poem “Illinois Farmer” (which Hadley later called a depiction of his father) was set separately as a song and used as an encore at the premiere. In 2003, the production was awarded the Emmy for Best Music from the Mid-America Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. The documentary was also nominated in three other categories: Best Direction, Best Photography, and Best Editing. 
Background.
In 1996, the opera singer Jerry Hadley commissioned composer Daniel Steven Crafts to produce music for selected texts from “Prairie” and other Sandburg poems. The composer chose to include melodies resembling folk tunes in order to remain true to the traditional folk style prevalent in Sandburg’s work. The work premiered in 2000 and was made into a video premiering in 2002.
“Prairie” appears in Carl Sandburg’s Pulitzer Prize-winning collection of 103 poems, "Cornhuskers", published in 1918. Opening with "“I was born on the prairie and the milk of its wheat, the red of its clover, the eyes of its women, gave me a song and a slogan,”" the narrator offers a vivid description of the prairie land with its lively stories. The prairie itself is also given voice: "“The prairie sings to me in the forenoon and I know in the night I rest easy in the prairie arms, on the prairie heart.”""Illinois Farmer also appears in "Cornhuskers".
Description.
"The Song & the Slogan" begins with a soft piano chord representing sunrise on the prairie. A cello then adds a short phrase to reflect vague outlines of shapes as the illumination of the landscape begins. The piano chord, demonstrating the vast expanse of the prairie, is heard again an octave higher and an octave lower. As the sun rises over the prairie, phrases from the cello and winds emerge as if from the darkness.
The narrative includes a collection of ideas from Sandburg's poetry: value clashes between Native Americans and European settlers, the folly of war, and the hope for peace and justice. 
The middle section of "The Song & the Slogan" is taken from Sandburg's "The Road and the End" (1916). Solo voice and piano alone mark a stark contrast from the beginning section as the narration turns introspective and solemn.
The final section of the work is the "slogan," reflects Sandburg's writings on Abraham Lincoln. The piece ends with the piano chord of "the prairie" while the instruments replay their individual phrases.
The world premiere.
The world premiere of "The Song & the Slogan" took place on November 14, 2000, at the Krannert Center for the Performing Arts at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The production featured opera tenor Jerry Hadley, a four-time Grammy Award-winning University of Illinois alumnus. The premiere also featured readings of selected Sandburg poems by David Hartman, a former host of ABC television's "Good Morning America." The music, composed by Daniel Steven Crafts was conducted by Paul Vermel and featured Eric Dalheim (piano), Barbara Hedlund (violoncello), James Scott (flute), Alison Robuck (oboe), Solomon Baer (clarinet), Kazimierz Machala (French horn), Jordan Kaye (banjo), and Ricardo Flores (percussion). The song “Illinois Farmer” was sung as an encore.
The performance documentary.
The PBS video of "The Song and The Slogan" premiered on February 10, 2003. The film, produced by Tim Hartin, was awarded the Emmy for Best Music from the Mid-America Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences and also nominated for Best Direction, Best Photography, and Best Editing. During the summer of 2004, the video aired nationally on PBS. 
As with the live premiere, the video features narration by David Hartman and singing by opera tenor Jerry Hadley. The music of classical composer Daniel Steven Crafts features Eric Dalheim on piano as the "heart of the prairie" and Barbara Hedlund on cello as "the soul of the prairie."

</doc>
<doc id="5886684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886684" title="Frederick Stambrook">
Frederick Stambrook

Dr. Frederick George Stambrook (born November 16, 1929-2005 in Vienna, Austria died in Winnipeg, Canada) is a former president of the Manitoba Soccer Association and the Canadian Soccer Association. 
He moved to England as a refugee at the age of nine where he lived and studied, achieving a B.A. Honours from Oxford University and a PHD from the University of London. Later he moved to Australia and then to Winnipeg, where he became involved in his son's soccer program at the Crescentwood Community Centre, leading to his founding of the Manitoba Minor Soccer Association. He moved on to become president of the Canadian Minor Soccer Association and in 1980 president of the Manitoba Soccer Association. In 1986, he became the 27th president of the Canadian Soccer Association and during his six years in this post contributed to the game in Canada and abroad.
He was the Host-President of the FIFA U-17 World Tournament in Toronto in 1987, an active proponent of women's soccer and helped found the national women's team. He served on the FIFA Appeals Committee at the Los Angeles Olympics and the 1994 World Cup. 
He was made a Life Member of the CSA, and was inducted into the Manitoba Jewish Sports Hall of Fame and the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame. He gave over three decades of service to soccer and at the same time, to his University, where he was a popular professor of History. 
He died on July 2005, and on April 2006 he was inducted as a Builder into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5886690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886690" title="Smith Institute">
Smith Institute

The Smith Institute is a left-wing think tank in the United Kingdom. It was founded in memory of John Smith QC MP, former Leader of the Labour Party.
Its work has focused on regional "rebalancing" away from London towards the North, health, housing, community cohesion, employment and pay, and early intervention. It was founded in 1996 in memory of John Smith MP who was leader of the Labour Party until his untimely death in 1994. The Smith Institute describes its purpose as pursuing "policies for a fairer society" and states that it aims to build on John Smith's passion for social justice.
The Institute's director is Paul Hackett a former special adviser to John Prescott MP. It has recently had articles in the Observer on the regional divide and on the new intake of MPs. Its work with the Centre for Social Justice on early intervention has been widely covered.
While the Labour party led the UK government, a number of the think tank's meetings were held at Number 11 Downing Street, and the organisation allegedly had close ties with Gordon Brown. Following a complaint from the right-wing media in 2006, the Smith Institute was the subject to an inquiry by the Charity Commission.
Ed Balls MP was given a Senior Research Fellowship at the Institute after he left HM Treasury to stand as a Parliamentary candidate in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5886692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886692" title="Flyby anomaly">
Flyby anomaly

The flyby anomaly is an unexpected energy increase during Earth-flybys of spacecraft. This anomaly has been observed as shifts in the S-Band and X-Band Doppler and ranging telemetry. Taken together it causes a significant unaccounted velocity increase of over 13 mm/s during flybys.
Observations.
Gravitational assists are valuable techniques for Solar System exploration. Because the success of these flyby maneuvers depends on the geometry of the trajectory, the position and velocity of a spacecraft is continually tracked during its encounter with a planet by the Deep Space Network (DSN).
The flyby anomaly was first noticed during a careful inspection of DSN Doppler data shortly after the Earth-flyby of the Galileo spacecraft on 8 December 1990. While the Doppler residuals (observed minus computed data) were expected to remain flat, the analysis revealed an unexpected 66 mHz shift, which corresponds to a velocity increase of 3.92 mm/s at perigee. An investigation of this effect at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), the Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC) and the University of Texas has not yielded a satisfactory explanation. No anomaly was detected after the second Earth-flyby of the Galileo spacecraft in December 1992, because any possible velocity increase was masked by atmospheric drag of the lower altitude of 303 km.
On 23 January 1998 the Near Earth Asteroid Rendezvous (NEAR) spacecraft experienced an anomalous velocity increase of 13.46 mm/s after its Earth encounter. Cassini–Huygens gained ~0.11 mm/s in August 1999 and Rosetta 1.82 mm/s after its Earth-flyby in March 2005.
An analysis of the MESSENGER spacecraft (studying Mercury) did not reveal any significant unexpected velocity increase. This may be because MESSENGER both approached and departed Earth symmetrically about the equator (see data and proposed equation below). This suggests that the anomaly may be related to Earth's rotation.
Summary of Earth-flyby spacecraft is provided in table below. The Rosetta data are for its first flyby in 2005; the second flyby produced no significant anomalous increase, and the third a negligible decrease.
In November 2009, ESA's Rosetta spacecraft was tracked closely during flyby in order to precisely measure its velocity, in an effort to gather further data about the anomaly, but no significant anomaly was found.
Future research.
Upcoming missions with Earth flybys include BepiColombo.
Some missions designed to study gravity, such as STE-QUEST or STEP, will make extremely accurate gravity measurement and may shed some light on the anomaly.
Proposed equation.
An empirical equation for the anomalous flyby velocity change was proposed by J.D. Anderson et al.:
where "ωe" is the angular frequency of the Earth, "Re" is the Earth radius, and "φi" and "φo" are the inbound and outbound equatorial angles of the spacecraft.
Possible explanations.
Possible explanations of the flyby anomaly include

</doc>
<doc id="5886696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886696" title="Arai Ikunosuke">
Arai Ikunosuke

Early life.
Arai Ikunosuke was born in the Tedai-cho district of Edo, near the Yushima Seidō shrine as the son of the Tokugawa "gokenin" Arai Seibei. He began learning the Chinese classics at age 7, and on the recommendation of his uncle, starting at age 12 he studied swordsmanship "(Jikishin Kage ryu" and "Shingyoto-ryu)," archery, and horse riding. At age 14, he entered the Shogunate's academy at "Shoheizaka," and at age 18, he began to study Western-style gunnery. He began his career in the Shogunate at age 20, entering into Dutch studies (the ever-popular "rangaku)," and was posted as an instructor at the Nagasaki Naval Training Center.
Life in the 1860s.
After studying mathematics, sailing, and navigation, Arai was appointed a director of the Naval Training Center in 1862. However, he was reassigned to the Shogunate's Military Academy "(Kobusho)" in 1864, and it was there that he worked with Otori Keisuke, learning French-style infantry tactics in Yokohama in 1865.
Boshin War.
In 1868 during the Boshin War of the Meiji Restoration, Arai was assigned as a captain to the Shogunal Navy, and together with Enomoto Takeaki departed Shinagawa Harbor when Edo was surrendered to the Imperial Army. Traveling to Hokkaidō, he became Navy Minister of the new Republic of Ezo, and while he took part in the Naval Battle of Miyako Bay and the Naval Battle of Hakodate Bay, the Ezo forces were defeated, and Arai was placed in prison, where he remained pending a sentence of death.
Meiji Era.
With his sentence of death commuted, Arai worked with Enomoto in land reclamation for a time, before working in the Agricultural School, as well as becoming head of a women's school. He was later put in charge of the Central Meteorological Agency during the Meiji period, and became the first person to photograph the corona of the sun in Japan, during a solar eclipse in 1887.
Later in life, together with his old colleague Ōtori Keisuke, he contributed to the magazine "Kyū Bakufu", writing articles about his experiences in the 1860s, as well as about the navy of the former Shogunate.
Arai died of diabetes in 1909, at the age of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="5886706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886706" title="Skye Chandler">
Skye Chandler

Antoinette "Skye" Quartermaine (née Chandler formerly Cudahy, Kinder, Davidson and Jacks) is a fictional character from the ABC soap operas "All My Children", "One Life to Live" and "General Hospital". Initially portrayed by Antoinette Byron, the role was then portrayed by Robin Christopher for most of the next 25 years. The role was also briefly portrayed by Carrie Genzel in the 1990s.
After her final departure from "All My Children" in 1997, the character crossed over to "One Life to Live", appearing for two years until 2001 when she joined "General Hospital" for another seven years until 2008. Christopher went on to reprise the role in 2010 and 2011, before returning once again on November 21, 2012.
In accord with Skye's nomadic journey through the ABC soaps and ultimate independence, Robin Christopher has often been referred to by fans as the 'Greta Garbo of soap opera', evoking in her performance the glamour and emotional depth of Classical Hollywood cinema.
Storylines.
"All My Children".
Skye arrived in Pine Valley as a singer and it was discovered that she was Adam Chandler's daughter by his first wife. She became the protector of her uncle Stuart Chandler (who seemed to be the only human being able to love and understand her). She had an affair with Tad Martin before "settling down" and marrying Tom Cudahy. As part of an AIDS hate group, Skye set fire to the house where AIDS victim Cindy Parker lived with her son, Scott. When she learned who was inside, Skye decided to brave the flames and rescue those trapped inside. Overcome by fumes while trying to rescue Cindy, Skye fell into a coma for over three months. Skye regained consciousness, but upon doing so she learned that her husband Tom had grown quite fond of Barbara Montgomery. So, Skye decided to continue pretending to be in a coma, and began lurking through the secret passages in the Chandler mansion to spy on everyone. Eventually, she "awoke" from her coma, but then faked paralysis in a futile attempt to guilt Tom to stay with her. When she learned Tom and Barbara were still seeing each other, she kidnapped Barbara, an action that prompted Tom to have Skye committed to the Oakhaven sanitarium, where she flirted with fellow patient Travis Montgomery.
Upon her release from Oakhaven, Skye took up with Pine Valley's resident do-gooder, Jeremy Hunter. However her eternal feelings of inadequacy and not being able to live up to Jeremy's expectations led her to drink, and she became an alcoholic. After successfully overcoming her addiction, her father, Adam, concocted a plan to use Skye to spy on his old enemy Palmer Cortlandt. Adam wanted Skye to date Palmer's nephew Will and thereby learn corporate secrets that would allow him to destroy his rival. Little known to them Palmer had the same idea to use Will to gain information on Adam through Skye. Slowly, the two spies fell in love and convinced their families that no useful information could be gained by continuing this maneuver. Adam and Palmer then forbade them from seeing each other, forcing them to set up secret meetings. Eventually, both Adam and Palmer reluctantly accepted their relationship. However, when Will was suspected of poisoning Palmer, Skye admitted to Will that she wasn't sure whether or not he was telling the truth about having nothing to do with it, and broke off their relationship. Skye ignored Will's pleas for her to stay in Pine Valley and decided to move to Minnesota to work with recovering addicts. (Will was later cleared after Skye had left town).
In an "off screen" development, Skye left for New York City where she met and married the villainous Dr. Jonathan Kinder. Upon finding out that Kinder was using experimental drugs on, and subsequently killing, his patients, Skye planned to report Jonathan to the authorities. Kinder found out, drugged her, and locked her up. When Kinder came to Pine Valley, he brought Skye along with him and hid her in a mansion outside of town. In a twist of fate, fellow town pariah, Janet Green, was captured by Jonathan when she became suspicious of him when she was his secretary, and found that Skye was being held captive. Janet didn't know that Skye was Adam's daughter because she was going by the name Toni- presumably short for Antoinette. While Janet went for help, Skye stumbled onto the Marick Estate and the Hunting Lodge. On this particular night, Dimitri was having an affair with his sister-in-law, Maria.
Subsequent to her gained freedom, Skye was introduced to Edmund Grey. Skye remembered seeing Dimitri and Maria making love, and Skye developed a crush on Edmund. Skye's crush turned to obsession. She thought if she could split up Edmund and Maria, Edmund would be hers. Skye bribed a lab tech, got access to Maria's paternity test and changed the father's name from Edmund to Dimitri.
After the birth of Maria's baby, Maddie, Dimitri was still believed to be the father of the child. Edmund never gave in to Skye's advances and got back together with Maria to raise Maddie. Skye made a promise to herself to tell Edmund that the baby was his. She tried telling him, but she just couldn't bring herself to say it, so she wrote it in a letter and sent it to Maria. Maria did not read it until she was on a plane on her way back to Pine Valley. Maria never got the chance to tell Edmund the good news; the plane crashed and Maria was killed. After Edmund returned home from the hospital, Skye devoted her time to helping him out. Little did she know that he was losing his hearing from time to time. Every time she tried to tell him about the paternity test, he couldn't hear her. Dimitri ended up suing Edmund for custody of Maddie and won. Dimitri took Maddie to the hospital for a check up and found out that Maddie's blood type was different than his; Maddie could not be his biological daughter. Dimitri found out that Skye had changed the paternity test and threatened to kill Skye if she told Edmund about the results swap. Dimitri ended up taking Maddie to Vadzel, his family castle in Budapest. While in prison, Erica revealed that Skye was up to something and she did everything in her power to find out what it was she was doing. Skye confessed that she'd switched the results. Edmund was crushed. He couldn't believe that he'd taken Skye into his life. Skye enlisted the help of her father, Adam, to help her make a clean escape from Pine Valley. Adam urged her to stick around and fight to clear her name. She didn't have the strength to fight and seemingly vanished into thin air-with the help of her dear ole dad.
"One Life to Live".
Skye showed up in Llanview in July 1999 at the request of Asa Buchanan. Asa hoped that she would help him destroy his enemy, Ben Davidson. Skye did this by using Asa's money to bribe a member of the Nevada Medical Board to revoke Ben's medical license. Skye got a job at The Banner, one of Llanview's newspapers, as Styles Editor and became friendly with the publisher, Viki Carpenter. She seemed especially interested in Viki's romantic relationship with Ben Davidson. The reason for this soon became clear. At a party, in front of all of Viki's friends and family, Skye announced that she was Ben Davidson's wife. Ben had thought the marriage was over, since they had filled out annulment papers, but Skye never filed them. Skye resisted all of Ben's attempts to get her to sign divorce papers and dropped another bombshell on Ben. The reason she didn't file for the annulment was that she was pregnant and they have a son together. But Skye soon admitted she was lying; they did not have a child, she just said that to try to hold onto him. Skye eventually agreed to sign the divorce papers and Ben was free to be with Viki.
Skye did not give up on her revenge plot against Ben, though, and blackmailed Max Holden into helping her destroy Ben's life. Skye learned that Max was not the real Buchanan heir and had proof to show the identity of the real heir. Max slept with Skye to convince her to keep quiet about the secret and Skye did keep the secret. She did not, however, keep the details of her relationship with Max a secret. She told Blair about it and Max subsequently left Skye. When Max saw that Blair was out to get him, he quickly put Skye back into his life to keep Blair in line.
Skye was arrested for shooting Max in the back. She was not guilty, however. Blair had shot Max and then Todd had placed the gun in Skye's room to make her look guilty. Skye got some unexpected support from police detective John Sykes, who was dating Rae Cummings and had learned that Skye was Rae's daughter. He convinced her to take a lie detector test, which she passed, and it was enough to get her out on bail.
Skye helped Max with his plan to get Todd to turn on Blair and admit that Blair was the one who shot Max. Max drugged Blair and made it appear they were sleeping together and made sure that Todd saw them. Their plan worked, but they got more than they bargained for. Not only did Todd admit that Blair shot Max, he also announced to a room full of people that Skye was really Rae's daughter. Skye didn't believe it at first, but after Adam came to visit her and admitted that Althea had adopted her as a baby, she knew it was the truth and wasn't happy about it. Once she was cleared of all charges by the D.A., Skye went to see Max and dumped him.
"General Hospital".
Skye followed her mother, Rae, to Port Charles in search of her father. Rae showed up at the vow renewal ceremony for Alan Quartermaine and his wife, Monica, where it was revealed that Alan's father, Edward, had paid for the baby (Skye) to be taken away, while both Alan and Rae were told the baby died. Alan and Edward welcomed Skye, but the rest of the family was not so kind. Skye promptly gave Emily to leave town because she was jealous of Emily's closeness with Alan. Alan was furious, but the two later reconciled. Skye's new brother , blackmailed her, but as they grew closer, A.J. and Skye began to work together to get A.J.'s son Michael back from A.J.'s ex-wife, Carly.
Skye soon fell for the corporate raider, Jasper Jacks, who seemed to be the only one able to understand her and care for her despite the things she did to others. When Jax told her that he didn't feel capable of loving a woman again, Skye took it as a challenge. She created several excuses for Jax to come to her rescue, including faking harassment by Sonny Corinthos. When she swam through the frigid waters of the lake to escape the boat house, Jax found her nearly frozen onshore and used his body heat to warm her. They became a couple shortly thereafter. Wanting to take Jax down, Edward played on Skye's insecurities about her relationship, and Skye signed an agreement to use to her relationship with Jax to steal information about his family's holdings. When Jax proposed, Skye wanted out of her deal with Edward, but he threatened to expose their deal to Jax. While Edward was in a coma after suffering a stroke at Skye's engagement party, Ned found a copy of the contract and forced Skye to tell Jax the truth. Jax dumped Skye and she went on a drinking binge. She woke up in Edward's room and saw the plug on his respirator had been pulled. Fearing she had done it in a drunken stupor, and afraid of being arrested for murder, Skye went into hiding. After tricking Edward into "waking up" from his fake come and confessing he had pulled his own plug, Jax found Skye and told her she was off the hook. He eventually forgave her, and the pair resumed their engagement.
After Skye and Jax exchanged vows, Jax's supposedly dead lover, Brenda, showed up to congratulate him. She wasn't dead after all, and had stayed away from Port Charles due to her mental illness. Jax later got shot while protecting Brenda and was temporarily paralyzed. Skye finally met Brenda in person when she found her sitting at Jax's bedside. Upset and jealous at first, Skye was somewhat relieved to learn Brenda was dying and didn't plan to try and win Jax back. Jax didn't feel it was right tying Skye to a crippled husband, so he enlisted Brenda's help in pushing her away. Hurt, Skye looked into Brenda's prognosis, and discovered that the doctor who had diagnosed Brenda's illness had been paid off by Luis Alcazar to falsely declare Brenda mentally ill. Skye kept the information to herself, but when Jax found out Brenda wasn't dying and Skye knew, he demanded a divorce, wanting to be with Brenda. Skye started drinking again. The night of Jax and Brenda's engagement party, Skye and Alcazar were both thrown out and ended up in bed together at his hotel suite. When Skye woke up, she heard Brenda arguing with Alcazar in the next room before passing out again. She awoke later to discover Alcazar had been pushed off the balcony to his death. Seeking revenge on Brenda, Skye told the police she saw Brenda kill Alcazar, but her constant state of drunkenness discredited her testimony. Skye later became the prime suspect, but eventually remembered seeing Alexis Davis push Alcazar.
Still wanting Jax back, Skye showed up at his wedding with a gun in her purse, prepared to shoot the bride. She watched in awe as Jax told Brenda at the altar that he couldn't marry her because she'd kissed Sonny the night before. Although Jax didn't return to Skye, he did come to her rescue a few more times. When Tracy Quartermaine came to town to blackmail Skye with the truth that she wasn't a Quartermaine after all, Jax tried to charm Tracy into revealing the proof behind her claim. Skye told the family, and Alan surprised them all by stating that Skye would always be his daughter. When Rae confirmed Tracy's allegations, Skye disowned her mother. Jax tried to cheer Skye up by getting Ned to offer her a job at ELQ. Alan later legally adopted the adult Skye as his own child.
After bonding with Kristina Corinthos-Davis during her kidnapping, Skye decided she wanted a child of her own. Devastated to learn that she wouldn't be able to carry a baby to term, Skye became somewhat fixated on Ned and baby Kristina. She became a sort of surrogate mother for Kristina since Alexis was allowed custody. Skye tried to get Alexis out of Kristina's life for good by bringing over Alcazar's lookalike brother, hoping Alexis would freak out. Alexis didn't react, and Skye became suspicious that she was faking her illness. When she figured out the new Quartermaine butler was really Alexis in disguise, Skye tricked Alexis into revealing everything, including faking her illness, to the judge. Alexis retaliated by getting her brother Stefan to discredit Ned to Alexis would gain custody of Kristina. When Ned dropped his petition for custody, Skye dumped him and moved back to the lake house she had shared with Jax.
Luke Spencer then convinced Skye to help him hide out from the cops at the lake house, and they teamed up to scam the Quartermaines out of money so Luke would have some cash to go on the run with. When Luke got the Dead Man's Hand, Skye doubted their worth until Jax returned to town in pursuit of them. She tricked Luke and gave Jax one of the cards Luke had stolen from A.J.. Skye was less than thrilled to learn of Jax's new relationship with Sam McCall. After the hunt for the Dead Man's Hand ended in John Jacks's death, Skye became partners with Luke and Sam in a new casino on the ship, the Haunted Star. Luke then managed to dupe Sam out of her ownership of the boat. When he used money he'd found hidden on the ship to fund the new casino, Faith Rosco showed up, claiming the money as hers, making her a partner in the casino. When Luke took off right before opening night, Skye was forced to work with Faith Rosco by herself. In order to protect Luke and herself from Faith, Skye had Justus draw up a contract which she made Faith sign it.
Luke finally returned to town, and Skye chewed him out for leaving her to deal with opening night. When a fire broke out at the PC Hotel, Skye found Luke unconscious in a janitor's closet. Once she'd revived him, Luke took charge of the chaos and everyone drew numbers for the order they would be rescued by helicopter. When it was Luke's turn to leave, Skye gave him a passionate kiss goodbye. After the fire was over and they were both safe, they tried to pretend the kiss never happened. Before the fire, Edward had altered his will to make Skye his sole heir despite not being a real Quartermaine. Shocked by the news, Skye nearly fell off the wagon, helped by Tracy, who wanted ELQ for herself. Luke snapped Skye out of it and she vowed to take Tracy on sober. Justus and Tracy persuaded Edward to act senile in order to escape liability for the fire at the hotel. Tracy tried to take advantage of the situation by having Edward committed, but Edward escaped and Skye and Luke hid him at the lake house.
Skye eventually realized she and Luke were not destined to be together, and she moved on with Lorenzo Alcazar. At first, the relationship was casual, but they both began to open up to each other. When a deadly virus swept Port Charles and Skye fell ill, Lorenzo switched Skye's medical chart with Lulu Spencer's so Skye would receive one of the few doses of antidote the hospital had. Skye initially resented Lorenzo for risking Lulu's life for hers, but eventually she forgives him and they resume their relationship. Later, Skye was given a miracle when she became pregnant with Lorenzo's baby. Realizing the gift she had been given, Skye was determined to protect her child from the violence surrounding Lorenzo. With Robert Scorpio's help, Skye fled the country so she could have her in peace and live in safety far from Lorenzo's reaches. However, Lorenzo caught up with Skye just as she went into labor. After the birth of her daughter, Lila Rae, Skye realized she had no right to deny Lila a relationship with her father. To protect that connection, Skye would make some heartbreaking decisions that would drive a deep rift through her family.
When one of Lorenzo's associates took the Metro Court hostage, Skye protected Lorenzo. Inside the Metro Court, Skye's father, Alan, suffered what would prove to be a fatal heart attack. Believing Lorenzo had amnesia, Skye stepped up to temporarily run Lorenzo's organization, putting both her and Lila in a very dangerous situation. Skye was devastated by Alan's death, and the realization that Lorenzo had lied to her and also that he did not fully trust her. She decided to leave Lorenzo, but he was not going to let her take their daughter. He had Lila spirited out of town and refused to tell Skye where she was. Desperate to protect her daughter from Lorenzo's upbringing, Skye turned to Lorenzo's rival, Sonny Corinthos, and her brother, Jason Morgan for help. While Jason and Skye were anything but close, they were united by their love for Alan and wanting Lorenzo to pay for his role in his death. Skye pretended to reconcile with Lorenzo until he brought Lila home. On the eve that Lorenzo intended to take Skye and Lila out of the country to start their new chapter as a family, Skye let Jason into their home. She was singing Lila a lullaby in another room while Jason shot and killed Lorenzo. Then Skye took her daughter and left town.
In March 2010, Skye returned to gain access to Lorenzo's funds so she could give Lila the life Skye believes she deserves. She helped Kristina come to terms with her abusive boyfriend and apologize to Ethan for having set him up. She then enlisted Jax's help in getting Lorenzo's money in Barcelona. While abroad, the two re-connect and Skye admitted that she hoped for a second chance with him. Jax tells her he wants to try to save his failing marriage to Carly, and focus on his daughter. They share a touching goodbye and Skye soon leaves town to reunite with Lila, Lorenzo's money in hand.
In August 2011, Skye was mysteriously summoned by Sonny's enemy, Anthony Zacchara to help him blackmail Tracy and try to steal from ELQ. Skye helped him, despite being reluctant to hurt Edward. She then found Jax unconscious amid a parachute, and helped him leave town undetected after faking his death.
Skye returned once again on November 21, 2012 for Edward's memorial service. She was surprised to learn that A.J. is alive and was saddened by the deaths of Jason and Edward. Skye introduced Lila to the rest of the family, and when Tracy tried to tell her that she is not family, Skye told her that blood does not make family, love does. Heather Webber, who had once again escaped from Ferncliff, arrived at the mansion looking for Edward's will. She tried to kidnap Skye, but Alice knocked Heather out with a baseball bat.

</doc>
<doc id="5886712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886712" title="Saul Andrew Blinkoff">
Saul Andrew Blinkoff

Saul Andrew Blinkoff is an American film director.

</doc>
<doc id="5886716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886716" title="David Engelke">
David Engelke

David Engelke is a serial entrepreneur who purchased audio manufacturing company Solid State Logic in cooperation with musician Peter Gabriel in 2005. The imaging, editing and analysis technologies he developed have earned him and his companies three EMMY Awards from the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and an OSCAR from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts And Sciences and a technical GRAMMY award from the Recording Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="5886723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886723" title="Derrick Carter">
Derrick Carter

Derrick Carter (born October 21, 1969) is an American house producer and DJ from Chicago, Illinois. He is regarded as one of the best underground house key players currently active and is particularly popular in Europe.
Biography.
Carter was born in Compton, California and raised in the western suburbs of Chicago, IL. After practising his DJ skills for a number of years as a teenager in his bedroom ("bedroom jock"), he then made the definitive step into the Chicago house scene.
In 1988, he released an EP with Mark Farina and Chris Nazuka as the group "Symbols & Instruments". While the record wasn't a huge commercial success, it did have a strong influence on the burgeoning ambient techno movement in England. This established Derrick as an international figure in the underground house scene.
Later years.
Carter rarely gives extensive interviews and has kept a low profile since his rise to fame. He famously ran a record label named "Classic Recordings" that (as planned ten years before) ceased to exist after its hundredth release. The 12"es start at CMC100 and run backwards, the LP's & CD's start at CMC100 and run forwards. Above all, Derrick is still respected by some as one of the best house music DJs in the world. His dj-sets are firmly rooted in black music of the 1970s, frequently giving nods to old school disco, soul and jazz.
As a remixer, he has worked for a diverse range of artists includingThe Beloved, The Human League, Ricky Martin, Boris Dlugosch, Modjo, DJ Sneak and Röyksopp. After a brief hiatus, he has recently returned to production, remixing artists like Rosie Brown and Truman Industries.
Carter was recently named #66 in the 100 Most Famous Chicagoans according to a survey (relying mostly on Google hits) by the free weekly newspaper, New City (11/2006), finishing just between syndicated radio show host Tom Joyner(#65) and Chicago Cubs player, Carlos Zambrano(#67). Other house music artists making the cut included Felix da Housecat (#21) and Frankie Knuckles(#48).

</doc>
<doc id="5886732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886732" title="Dale Hansen">
Dale Hansen

Dale Hansen (born August 2, 1948) is an American sportscaster, currently the weeknight sports anchor during the 6 pm and 10 pm newscasts on ABC's Dallas affiliate WFAA. He also hosts "Dale Hansen's Sports Special" on Sundays at 10:35 pm, consistently one of the highest-rated local programs in Dallas-Fort Worth. His segment each night garners an audience of over 300,000 people. He also serves as the station's Sports Director.
Television.
Hansen began his career in Newton, Iowa as a radio disc jockey and operations manager at KCOB, covering the Newton Cardinals. He then went to Knoxville, Iowa to KNIA radio as News Director. After that he moved to Saint Cloud, Minnesota to KCLD radio. After that he got closer to his hometown of Logan, Iowa by working at a radio station he grew up listening to, KOIL in Omaha. He then to took a job as a sports reporter at KMTV also in Omaha. Hansen then took his first job in Dallas at KDFW, which at the time was CBS's Dallas affiliate. He left KDFW and joined WFAA in 1983. Hansen was at 10 pm, and legendary anchor Verne Lundquist was at 6 pm, so WFAA had claimed them to be "Texas' Best Sportcasters."
Hansen made his reputation in 1986 when he and his producer, John Sparks, broke a story about a massive scandal involving payments to players on Southern Methodist University's football team. Hansen's reporting ultimately led to the NCAA canceling the Mustangs' 1987 season—the so-called "death penalty." His reporting of the scandal garnered him a Peabody Award for distinguished journalism, a duPont-Columbia Award, and several death threats.
Thank God for Kids.
Since 1983, Hansen has had a segment during "Sports Special" on the Sunday of the week before Christmas. He always has a tragic story of a child's death in the past year, and talks about it before playing a video of clips from the 1980s of kids in Dallas. At the end is young Hansen with his own children. The video is played to "Thank God for Kids" by The Oak Ridge Boys. The segment is usually among the most-watched television segments of the year in the Dallas-Fort Worth Nielsen market. Hansen used the segment in 2011 to admit he was a victim of sexual abuse as a child, in hopes that it would convince others to come forward.
Scholar-Athlete of the Week.
Each week since 1988, Hansen introduces his scholar-athlete of the week, a high school senior or recent high school graduate who excels in sports as well as in the classroom. McDonald's then donates $250 (formerly $100) to the school in honor of the student.
Gay players in the NFL.
In a February 2014 broadcast, Hansen delivered a commentary supporting NFL draft candidate Michael Sam as he came out as a gay man. He contrasted Sam's homosexuality making players "uncomfortable", with criminal activity by other NFL players which is routinely condoned, and likened contemporary discomfort with gay players to white athletes' and fans' past discomfort with black players. He concluded saying, "I'm not always comfortable when a man tells me he is gay; I don't understand his world. But I do understand that he is part of mine."
The video, posted to YouTube, garnered a large amount of interest on social media. It also received attention from mainstream media, featured by the New York "Daily News", CTV News, "Newsweek", "People" magazine, and others.
As a result, Hansen appeared on the Ellen DeGeneres Show on Feb 14, 2014.
Radio.
Dale Hansen started in sports radio at KRLD 1080 AM in 1985 as the Dallas Cowboys color analyst, with Brad Sham as the play-by-play announcer. He served in this role until two games remained in the 1996 NFL season. A heated on-camera argument with coach Barry Switzer during 1994 training camp and subsequent friction between Hansen, Switzer and Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones contributed to the split. Babe Laufenberg took over his spot.
Hansen joined KTCK 1310 AM ("The Ticket") in 1999 as a regular on its Dallas Cowboys post-game report after the games were broadcast on KLUV 98.7 FM. He also hosted a show from noon to 1 pm year-round, every Monday and another one-hour show on Fridays during the NFL season.
In May 2006, Hansen moved to KESN 103.3 FM (ESPN Radio's Dallas affiliate) from The Ticket, just as KTCK was named the new Dallas Cowboys flagship radio station. At KESN, he is currently the host of "The Hour of Hansen" weekday nights from 6–7 pm and also contributes to other programming, including the station's Cowboys pre and post-game shows.
Awards.
Hansen has won many awards in his career, including: two-time Sportscaster of the Year by the Associated Press, four-time Texas Sportscaster of the Year by the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association, Best Sportscaster by the United Press International and Dallas Press Club, TV Personality of the Year by American Women in Radio and Television, and Best Investigative Reporter by the Iowa Associated Press.
Charity.
Since 1989, Hansen has been in charge of the Dale Hansen Golf Classic, which benefits the Texas Can! schools.
In 1990, Hansen joined with the Dallas Can! schools. However, he and his The Hansen Foundation recently split from the 16-year partnership, as a result of lawsuits against each side totaling almost $700,000.
Starting in 2007–2008, The Hansen Foundation will sponsor $100,000 of scholarships for University of North Texas students, with the money coming from the annual Dale Hansen Golf Classic.
On July 10, 2010 Dale Hansen is bringing back his legendary backyard party to benefit Lou Gehrig's Disease (ALS) Research. www.DallasALS.org
Personal.
Hansen was born in Logan, Iowa. He now lives in Waxahachie, Texas. He is married and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="5886750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886750" title="The Wind in the Willows (1983 film)">
The Wind in the Willows (1983 film)

The Wind in the Willows is a 1983 British stop motion animated film produced by Cosgrove Hall Films for Thames Television and aired on the ITV network. The movie is based on Kenneth Grahame's classic story "The Wind in the Willows". It won a BAFTA award and an international Emmy award. Subsequently the studio made a 52 episode series, "The Wind in the Willows" based on characters from the Wind in the Willows between 1984 and 1990. Music & songs composed by Keith Hopwood, late of Herman's Hermits & Malcolm Rowe. The Stone Roses guitarist John Squire worked on this series as a set artist. Voice actors on this adaptation included David Jason, Ian Carmichael and Michael Hordern.
Plot.
Fed up with spring cleaning, Mole ventures out of his underground home. He goes for a walk in the countryside and soon comes to a river where he meets and befriends Ratty (who lives there). Rat takes Mole on a picnic where they briefly notices Badger (who appears behind the bushes) and offers him to join them, but he just mutters "Hmmm! Company!" and walks off home (though he still is their friend). Rat starts to warn Mole of the Wild Wood and its inhabitants, but they are interrupted by the arrival of the Chief Weasel and his henchman. While the Chief distracts them, his henchmen steals a jar of potted meat and they make their getaway. Ratty then takes Mole to visit their friend Toad at Toad Hall, and Toad asks them to come with him on a caravan trip on the Open Road; with his horse Alfred pulling it. Ratty really misses his home on the river but does not want to disappoint his friends. On the Open Road, disaster strikes as a passing motorcar sends Alfred into a panic and the caravan into a ditch. Toad suddenly decides he no longer wants to travel by Alfred and the caravan cart, and thinks that motor cars are the only way to travel. As time goes by, Rat and Mole can do nothing but look on as Toad buys and then almost immediately crashes his cars one after another. In winter, Rat and Mole are extremely worried and they decide to call on Badger to see if he has any suggestions; if there's anyone Toad will listen to, it's Badger. But Rat fell asleep, refusing to take Mole to the Wild Wood.
Mole then decides to go alone to the Wild Wood to see Badger. He asks a henchman weasel for directions to Badger's house, but he tells Mole the wrong way to go and he becomes scared and lost. His cry for Rat echoed, and back at the river bank; it wakes him up. Ratty soon notices Mole's absence and finds a note written by Mole telling him where he has gone. Rat takes some pistols and a cudgel and hurries along to the Wild Wood to find him. After Rat finds Mole, they literally stumble across Badger's house (Mole hurts his foot on Badger's door scraper buried in the snow) and knocks on the door. Badger, annoyed at his relaxing night being disturbed, opens the door and gets ready to tell off whoever it is who has interrupted his rest, but on seeing that it is Rat and Mole outside, he lets them in. They warm themselves in front of the fire and Badger offers them each a hot drink. They discuss Toad's careless driving. The next morning they turn up at Toad Hall and try to tell Toad that what he is doing is wrong, and attempt to make him promise that he will never go near a motor car again. But Toad won't listen to Badger's advice, so the three lock Toad in his bedroom; ensuring they guard him day and night. The next day, Toad feigns (fake) illness and asks Ratty to fetch a lawyer. Toad then escapes and Rat, Badger and Mole chase Toad but can't find him. Toad stops a motorist "Reggie" (who consistently mistakes him for a frog) and his wife "Rosemary," tricks them and steals their car, and shouts insults at a policeman (who came to report them of the incident), calling him a "Fat face!" after nearly running them over. Meanwhile, Mole becomes homesick and he and Ratty visit Mole End, and spend Christmas there. Some Caroling field mice turn up and after they have finish their song, Rat and Mole invite them inside for a Christmas feast, but they don't have very good news to share. When the field mice tells Rat and Mole that Toad has been arrested, they were consumed with guilt for their friend.
Meanwhile in the court, Mrs. Carrington-Moss; the magistrate herself sentenced Toad to "twelve months for the theft, three years for furious driving, and fifteen years for the cheek", with another year added for "being green" which makes "twenty years" in jail. The Jailer's Daughter feels sorry for Toad and helps him escape by disguising him as a "Washerwoman". Toad acts his way as the humble "washerwoman" into a train driver at a local railway giving him a free ride home, but it isn't long until another train with the Police, Reggie, Rosemary, Mrs. Carrington-Moss and the Clerk are after him. Toad is found out but the engine driver still lets him escape. Toad calls in at Ratty's on the way home and Rat tells him the Weasels have over thrown Badger and taken over Toad Hall. Toad is upset after losing his ancestral home, but Badger has a plan. The next night, the friends sneak through the secret tunnel and fight the weasels (except Toad, who is fooling around on his chandeliers). But he manages to fall on top of the Chief Weasel and knock him unconscious. After victory, Badger, Mole, and Ratty settle down and think of the peaceful future, until Toad flies by in his new "Flying Machine".
Differences between the Novel and the Feature Film.
See also.
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="5886752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886752" title="Dee Andros">
Dee Andros

Demosthenes Konstandies "Dee" Andrecopoulos (October 17, 1924 – October 22, 2003) was an American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He served as the head football coach at the University of Idaho from 1962 to 1964 and at Oregon State University from 1965 to 1975, compiling career college football record of 62–80–2. A native of Oklahoma and a World War II veteran, Andros played college football as a guard at the University of Oklahoma. After retiring from coaching, he was the athletic director at Oregon State from 1976 to 1985.
Early life, military service, and playing career.
Andros, born Demosthenes Konstandies Andrikoupolos in Oklahoma City, was the second of three sons of Greek immigrants. He received his high school education at Oklahoma City's Central High School, and then enlisted in the military in 1942. Andros was a veteran of World War II where he served four years in the U.S. Marine Corps. A cook, he picked up a rifle and was awarded the Bronze Star and spent more than a month under heavy fire on the island of Iwo Jima. He was present at the famed moment when six soldiers raised the American flag on Iwo Jima.
Andros played college football at Oklahoma from 1946 to 1949, under hall of fame head coach Bud Wilkinson. He was selected in the 14th round (177th overall) by the Chicago Cardinals in the 1950 NFL Draft. Dee's older brother Plato (1921-2008) was an All-American in 1946 at Oklahoma and played four years in the NFL for the Cardinals. His younger brother Gus (Dick) (1926-2009) was a ballet dancer and choreographer.
Coaching career.
Andros' coaching career included stops as an assistant at Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas Tech, Nebraska, California and Illinois. While Dee was serving as an assistant, Texas Tech went to the Sun Bowl and California went to the Rose Bowl in 1959.
Idaho.
Andros became a head coach at age 37 at Idaho in February 1962. He took over for Skip Stahley, who remained as athletic director. Andros' starting annual salary was just under $12,500.
The 1962 team was 2-6-1, but the following year he led Idaho to its first winning season in a quarter century.
The Vandals won their opener in 1964, but then lost four straight, the latter two were close ones to Oregon and Oregon State. The 10-7 loss to the Rose Bowl-bound Beavers in Corvallis came by a late third quarter OSU punt return. The Vandals rebounded and the next week won the Battle of the Palouse for the first time in a decade, defeating neighbor Washington State 28-13. The Vandals split the final four games to finish at 4-6.
While Idaho had joined the Big Sky Conference as a charter member in 1963, the Vandals essentially remained an independent for football through 1964 under Andros. Only one conference foe was played during the first two Big Sky seasons, a 1963 game with Idaho State that was previously scheduled.
Andros spent three years on the Palouse at Idaho, with an overall record of 11-16-1 (.411).
Oregon State.
Andros was hired as the head coach at Oregon State in February 1965. He replaced the legendary Tommy Prothro, who had left for UCLA just days after leading the Beavers in the 1965 Rose Bowl. Andros compiled a 51–64–1 record (.444) in his 11 seasons at Oregon State. In the Civil War games against the Oregon Ducks, he won his first seven and split the last four, for an overall record of 9–2 (.818). Andros was nicknamed "The Great Pumpkin" for his bright orange jacket and large physical size, first dubbed by a member of the Spokane press (during the rout of WSU in 
(in Pullman on Halloween in 1966).
1967.
Andros is best known for his incredible 1967 season in which his team, dubbed the "Giant Killers", went 7–2–1. That season, the Beavers, led by quarterback Steve Preece, beat #2 Purdue, tied the new #2 UCLA, and then beat #1 USC. But because Oregon State lost to Washington and tied UCLA, USC won the conference title by a half game and earned the berth to the Rose Bowl, where they defeated the Big Ten Conference's Indiana Hoosiers, 14–3, and won the national title. Oregon State finished with a #7 ranking in the AP Poll, but did not participate in a bowl game as the AAWU (Pac-8) allowed only the conference champion to do so. In 1968, the Beavers were ranked #6 in the pre-season and finishing #15 after a 7–3 campaign. They did not compete in a bowl game, as conference rules prohibited teams from going to any bowl other than the Rose Bowl until 1975. Andros expressed an interest in the position at Oklahoma State University in Stillwater in December 1968, and several weeks later, rejected an offer from the University of Pittsburgh.
Later life and family.
After stepping down as head coach following the 1975 season, Andros was named athletic director, succeeding Jim Barratt. Andros served in this capacity until the spring of 1985, when he retired. Though retired, Andros continued to serve as a special assistant within the Beaver Athletic Scholarship Fund until health problems forced him to remain at his Corvallis home. He spent nearly 40 years of his life involved with Oregon State athletics.
Though he spent only three years at Idaho, he was still held in high regard in Moscow. In 1989, Andros was invited by first-year head coach John L. Smith to coach one of the sides in the annual Silver & Gold spring game, opposite former 1970s head coach Ed Troxel. 
In 1992, his "Giant Killers" team of 1967 was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame. In the spring of 2003, Andros was awarded the Martin Chaves Lifetime Achievement Award at the Fifth Annual Bennys celebration at Oregon State. Andros married Luella Andros, and they had one daughter named Jeanna. He died in Corvallis on October 22, 2003 at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="5886758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886758" title="Bourdon (bell)">
Bourdon (bell)

The bourdon is the heaviest of the bells that belong to a musical instrument, especially a chime or a carillon, and produces its lowest tone.
As an example, the largest bell of a carillon of 64 bells, the sixth largest bell hanging in the world, in the Southern Illinois town of Centralia, is identified as the 'bourdon.' It weighs 11,000 pounds and is tuned to G. The Centralia Carillon was a single-handed project of the late William V. Joy, publisher of the Centralia Evening Sentinel, and was completed in 1986.
The biggest bell serving as bourdon of any carillon is the low C bell at Riverside Church, New York City. Cast in 1929 as part of the Rockefeller Carillon, it weighs 41,000 pounds (18.6 metric tonnes) and measures 10 feet, 2 inches (3.01 meters) across. This is also the largest tuned bell ever cast.
Although carillons are by definition chromatic, the next bell up from the bourdon is traditionally a whole tone higher in pitch, leaving a semitone out of the instrument.
English-style ring of bells.
The heaviest bell in a diatonically tuned English-style ring of bells is called the "tenor". If a larger, heavier bell is also present it would be called a "bourdon".

</doc>
<doc id="5886767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886767" title="Theirs Is the Glory">
Theirs Is the Glory

Theirs is the Glory (AKA "Men of Arnhem"), is a 1946 British war film about the British 1st Airborne Division's involvement in the Battle of Arnhem (17 September to 25 September 1944) during Operation Market Garden in World War II. It was the first film to be made about this battle, and the biggest grossing war movie for nearly a decade. The later film "A Bridge Too Far" depicts the operation as a whole and includes the American, British and Polish Airborne forces, while "Theirs is the Glory" focuses solely on the British forces, and their fight at Oosterbeek and Arnhem.
The film was directed by Ulsterman, Brian Desmond Hurst who, himself, was a veteran of the first world war, having survived Gallipoli where he had served with the Royal Irish Rifles. Hurst was an accomplished film director having been mentored by John Ford in Hollywood and directing more than 30 films including "Malta Story", "Scrooge" and "Tom Brown's Schooldays". Hurst was also Ireland's most prolific film director of the 20th Century. The producer was Leonard Castleton Knight, Head of Gaumont British News. The script was written primarily by Louis Golding but honed by Hurst's protege Terence Young (who subsequently went on to direct the early Bond films). Young had been with 30 Corp and the Irish Guards seeking to relieve Arnhem during the battle and hence the authenticity of the eventual story-line. The veterans who starred in the film also actively collaborated on the script.
Production.
Using the original locations of the battle, the film featured veterans who were actual participants in the battle. The film was jointly produced by the J. Arthur Rank Organisation and the Army Film and Photographic Unit (AFPU).
Weaving original footage from the battle with re-enactments shot on location at Oosterbeek and Arnhem, the film was shot a year after the battle had ravaged the Dutch streets. As well as veterans, the film also features local people like Father Dyker (a Dutch civilian priest who conducts the service in the movie) and Kate ter Horst (who reads a psalm to the wounded men in the cellar) re-enacting their roles and what they did for the airborne troops during the battle.
Though no credits appear before or after the film, over 200 veterans appeared as actors including Majors CFH "Freddie" Gough and Richard "Dickie" Lonsdale, Lieutenant Hugh Ashmore, Sergeants Jack Bateman and John Daley, Corporal Pearce and Privates Tommy Scullion, Peter Holt, David Parker, George ‘Titch’ Preston, Frank ‘Butch’ Dixon, and war correspondents Stanley Maxted and Alan Wood. Each veteran was paid £3 per day by the Rank Organisation.
The narrator notes the soldiers as "just ordinary men". "But when you next watch the movie look closely at the faces of the men and especially at their eyes in the many close shots that Brian Desmond Hurst arranged. When you look into the eyes you will start to gain a little bit of the experience that those ordinary men went through".
The film may have been the "Help For Heroes of its day". Hurst's biographer, Allan Esler Smith in "Theirs is the Glory - 65th Anniversary of the filming of the movie" explains that "The popularity of "Theirs is the Glory" allowed Arthur Rank, the head of the Rank Organisation, to fulfill his pledge to help the Airborne Forces Security Fund. Collections, raffles and parades rode the wave of enthusiasm that swept the United Kingdom following its premier. The Earl Mountbatten subsequently received a cheque for £50,000 for the Airborne Forces Security Fund from Arthur Rank".
Brian Desmond Hurst said, "The film is my favourite because of the wonderful experience of working with soldiers, and because it is a true documentary reconstruction of the event. I say without modesty it is one of the best war films ever made".
Comparison with "A Bridge Too Far".
The two films were compared in the October 2010 magazine "Against All Odds" and the comparison is stark and revealing, "A Bridge Too Far" '...is a slow moving epic, well worth a viewing with some authentic scenes, but is unconvincing in its portrayal of the battle of Oosterbeek... "Theirs is the Glory" is the only feature film currently released that accurately portrays the events at Oosterbeek in atmospheric and chronological terms, despite its jerky portrayal of events. This is a film to watch.".
Articles and books.
Revisiting '"Theirs is the Glory" by Allan Esler Smith, published by Robert Sigmond Publishing for the 68th Commemoration of the Battle of Arnhem Battlefield Walk, 21 September 2012.
"Pegasus The Journal of the Parachute Regiment and Airborne Forces". An analysis and review of the making of "Theirs is the Glory" and running to over 20,000 words and published over 4 parts. Winter 2012 Part 1: Theirs is the Glory; the epic film of the Airborne Forces at Arnhem starring the veterans of the battle. 2012 Yearbook Part 2: The veterans tribute to every man that fought at Arnhem. Summer 2013 Part 3: Arnhem the greatest drama ever told. Winter 2013 Part 4: Roll of Honour: Arnhem veterans- the film 'stars' without credit. All by Allan Esler Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="5886778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886778" title="Dumitru Solomon">
Dumitru Solomon

Dumitru Solomon was a Romanian author of essays, plays, and chronicles.
He was born in Galați in 1932 and died on 9 February 2003. He attended the theoretical lyceum in Barlad. In 1955, he took his degree in philology in Bucharest. Between 1955-1962, he was the editor of "Gazeta literara", then department chief at "Luceafarul", and editor-in-chief of "Teatrul azi" magazine. He made his debut in "Viata Romaneasca", in 1953.
He was a laureate of the Romanian Academy (1978), and Writers Union and Association of Writers Union from Bucharest (1973), and he received the U.N.I.T.E.R. award for the best Romanian play, "Repetabila scena a balconului" (1995), and an award from the Ministry of Culture.
Works.
His works include:

</doc>
<doc id="5886779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886779" title="Live Music &amp; The Voice of Strangers">
Live Music &amp; The Voice of Strangers

Live Music & The Voice of Strangers is a collection of live recordings by M. Ward. It was a self-released disc that was sold at his shows in 2001. The song "Brazillience" would later appear on the album "Transistor Radio" as "Regeneration No.1."

</doc>
<doc id="5886788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886788" title="The Wind in the Willows (TV series)">
The Wind in the Willows (TV series)

The Wind in the Willows is a TV series that was originally broadcast between 1984 and 1987, based on characters from Kenneth Grahame's classic story "The Wind in the Willows" and following the 1983 film "The Wind in the Willows". It was made by animation company Cosgrove Hall for Thames Television and shown on the ITV network. An hour-long feature, "A Tale Of Two Toads", was broadcast in 1988, and a fifth season of 13 episodes was shown in 1989 under the title "Oh! Mr Toad" in some countries, whilst retaining the title "The Wind in the Willows" in others.
Characters.
The series stars David Jason as Toad and the Chief Weasel, Michael Hordern as Badger, Peter Sallis as Rat (replacing Ian Carmichael who voiced Rat in the original 1983 film), and Richard Pearson as Mole. Ian Carmichael remained in the series, re-cast as the narrator. The Chief Weasel was almost always accompanied by his unnamed bumbling henchman.
Background.
The series is sometimes misidentified as being filmed in claymation. The method used by Cosgrove Hall is a stop-motion animation process using scale model sets and posable character figurines. The figurines are composed of an articulate metal skeleton (armature) covered in latex rubber, providing the flexibility and the detail which distinguishes the series. 
The series is set at "The Riverbank", a mythical location somewhere in Berkshire. The Riverbank is where Ratty, Mole and Toad live. Nearby is the Wild Wood, where Badger and the Wily Weasels live. Each episode has a unique story line, although there are some common themes running throughout the series. In series 4, the humans start building a new railway that is planned to be built through the area where the animals live. The show teaches children about the destruction of forests and animals' natural habits. The railway gets closer and closer to the animals' homes, yet in the episode "Happy New Year" it turns out that the railway would be travelling under unsuitable land, and therefore the route is diverted from the Riverbank & Wild Wood areas. 
Music.
The popular theme song - based on the instrumental theme to the original film - was sung by British singer-songwriter Ralph McTell. The Stone Roses guitarist John Squire also worked on this series, but as a prop maker not a musician.
Episode list.
Movie (1983).
"The Wind in the Willows (1983 film)" (27 December 1983) 
A Tale Of Two Toads (1988).
'A Tale Of Two Toads' (6 December 1988)
The Chief Weasel discovers that Toad has a double: an actor, impersonator and con artist (in short, someone after his own heart) called Isambard Bilbone Toad. Together, they form a plan which involves the kidnapping of the real Toad and the acquisition of Toad Hall, all without the riverbankers noticing. Once this is done, Isambard continues to play the rôle of Toad in public, having perfected his voice and mannerisms. However, Badger, Rat and Mole cannot help noticing some slight oddities about their friend, particularly when he spreads slanderous remarks that the three have supposedly made about each other. Then, as if that were not strange enough, Toad breaks off his friendship with them, in favour of the weasels who are now sharing the Hall. Eventually, Badger’s keen observation leads them to realise the truth, and they must now rescue the real Toad before the weasels put an even more audacious plan into action…
VHS/DVD releases.
VHS/DVD (Region 2).
VHS
DVD
1. Classic Willows Tales - 1. The Yuletide Entertainment (cut version), 2. Caught in a Maze, 3. Grand Annual Show, 4. Badger's Remedy.
2. Typical Toad - 1. Mercury of the Motor bicycle, 2. Burglary at Toad Hall, 3. Fire at Toad Hall, 4. Patient: Toad.
3. Ratty and Mole:Chums For Life - 1. The Ghost at Mole End, 2. The Great Steamer, 3. The Piper at the Gates of Dawn, 4. The Storm.
4. Champion of the Willows - 1. Paper Chase, 2. The Great Golfing Gamble, 3. Champion of the Green Baize, 4. Winter Sports.
5. Those Wily Weasels - 1. The Weasels' Trap, 2. The Rescue, 3. Unlikely Allies, 4. Fancy-Dress.
6. Wise Old Badger - 1. Buried Treasure, 2. Harvest, 3. School Days, 4. A Producer's Lot.
These DVD's are now out of print and are very rare to find but can be found on eBay every so often.

</doc>
<doc id="5886798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886798" title="Living Prairie Museum">
Living Prairie Museum

The Living Prairie Museum is a 12 hectare (30 acre) tall grass prairie preserve located in Winnipeg, Manitoba. It was discovered in 1968 when a local sub-committee of the International Biological Program surveyed Manitoba for native prairie plant communities. Of more than 60 sites that were researched, only four were found uncultivated. Ironically, one of the largest undisturbed sites was discovered in a residential area of Winnipeg. Today a vestige of this original prairie community has been set aside as a City of Winnipeg Nature Park- Living Prairie Museum. 
LPM is home to over 160 species of prairie grasses and wildflowers, as well as a great array of prairie wildlife. In Manitoba only 1/20th of 1% of original tall grass prairie remains. The Living Prairie Museum is one of the few preserves of this once vast ecosystem. This museum is defined by the historical interpretation of the Tall Grass Prairie of the Winnipeg Region. 
The museum has an interpretative centre with displays on prairie history and ecology as well as an interactive art installation by Winnipeg artist Collin Zipp. 
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5886817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886817" title="Proctor Creek">
Proctor Creek

Proctor Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5886836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886836" title="Magic City Morning Star">
Magic City Morning Star

The Magic City Morning Star is an on-line newspaper serving the Katahdin region of Maine, including the Penobscot County towns of Millinocket, East Millinocket, and Medway. As well as local news it aims to cover topics of wider interest.
The newspaper, founded in 2002, and based in Millinocket, utilizes a volunteer staff of citizen reporters and columnists from throughout the political spectrum, as well as syndicated content. The newspaper has never endorsed political candidates.
History.
The newspaper began publishing only a few articles per week, in a straight HTML format, its range of coverage limited to the towns of Millinocket, East Millinocket, and Medway, Maine. These early stories, between December 2002 and July 2003, are available for viewing in their original format.
In July 2003, the newspaper converted to a software-based system which allows contributors to post content directly to the site, either published immediately or held while awaiting approval by an editor. Discontinued columns are still available, as is all other content published since July 2003, browsing by category or through its search features.

</doc>
<doc id="5886849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886849" title="Taylor Creek (Seattle)">
Taylor Creek (Seattle)

Taylor Creek is a stream in Seattle, Washington, flowing from Lakeridge Park in Deadhorse Canyon, west of Rainier Avenue S at 68th Avenue S, to Lake Washington. The creek's name comes from the Taylor sawmill, which in the late 1880s was located where the creek flowed into Lake Washington, to the east of the park. The ravine has been the focus of efforts to plant native vegetation and restore salmon runs in Taylor Creek. With volunteer effort and some city matching grants, restoration has been underway since 1971. Volunteers have planted thousands of indigenous trees and plants, removed tons of garbage, removed invasive plants, and had city help removing fish-blocking culverts and improving trails. Sightings of raccoons, opossum and birds are common. Taylor is the fourth-largest creek in urban Seattle. In 2010, the city of Seattle began a project to improve fish passage along the creek. 

</doc>
<doc id="5886853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886853" title="KASE-FM">
KASE-FM

KASE-FM ("KASE 101") is an Austin, Texas radio station operating a Country format. It is licensed to Austin, Texas with an ERP of 100,000 Watts at 100.7 MHz from a transmitter site near West Lake Hills, TX, and is owned by Clear Channel Radio. It shares studios with four other sister stations in the Penn Field complex in the South Congress district (or "SoCo") of south central Austin within walking distance of St. Edward's University.
All New Country music can be heard on 100.7 HD-2 (HD Radio needed).
KASE-FM can also be heard on Clear Channel Radio's iHeartRadio website (www.iheart.com) or cell phone application.
History.
KASE-FM (100.7 MHz) debuted on March 30, 1969, then playing an automated "beautiful music" format. 
Bill Mayne, KASE Program director at the time, recalled in a 2010 interview the Friday afternoon in 1981 KASE "came out of Mantovani and went into Waylon Jennings' 'Are You Ready for the Country,' ... and had every dentist's office, nursing home and doctor's office in the city of Austin calling to complain." 
The "Continuous Country" format became a hit with Austin listeners and since then has consistently been voted by radio general managers as one of the top twenty "Most Admired Stations" in America. It was the first station to win the "Station of the Year" award from the Country Music Association four times and was given its second Billboard Magazine "Station of the Year" award in 1997.
Over the years KASE has dominated the Austin radio market along with sister station KVET-FM. According to Arbitron ratings, both stations consistently rank in the top three, sometimes #1 and #2. KASE has also been nominated for the CMA Large Market Station of the Year Award in 2011 and previous years.
Personalities.
Current:
Former:

</doc>
<doc id="5886856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886856" title="KPEZ">
KPEZ

KPEZ, known on-air as "102.3 The Beat", is a radio station licensed to and serving Austin, Texas, operating a Rhythmic Contemporary format. The station broadcasts with an ERP of 26,000 watts from a transmitter site near Sunset Valley, TX and is owned by Clear Channel Radio. It shares studios with four other sister stations in the Penn Field complex in the South Congress district (or "SoCo") of south central Austin within walking distance of St. Edward's University; it has broadcast here since 2002 after moving from a downtown Austin office building off of Barton Springs Road (which it shared with KHFI-FM).
"The Beat," long synonymous with the Hip Hop/R&B music genre under rhythmic and mainstream urban formats, is in its fifth incarnation in the Austin region. It originated on 104.3 in 1998, first as KQBT, and later KXBT (now KLQB); it later moved to 104.9 before switching formats entirely in 2008 (now KTXX). Clear Channel picked up the branding one year later where it aired on KFMK before the format swap with KPEZ in 2010.
Station history.
This frequency was originally occupied by Austin's first full-time Spanish language FM radio station, KMXX. However, KMXX existed for just over a year before the call-letters were changed to KPEZ and the format became easy listening "EZ 102". Later, KPEZ switched formats to classic rock "Z 102". KPEZ became "Channel 102-3" under a classic-leaning "AAA" format (dubbed "World Class Rock") in the fall of 2004, retaining most of its airstaff. Ironically, the change to a Christian format (and subsequent dismissal of most on-air employees) came in December 2005, just five days before Christmas.
Due to the privatizing of Clear Channel in 2010, FCC ownership regulations required that the Austin cluster spin off one license. There were plans underway to sell ownership of the KFMK (105.9) license to Aloha Trust LLC but on May 21, 2010 Clear Channel announced that it planned to move KFMK's format to the 102.3 frequency, taking advantage of better coverage and a more powerful signal, beginning May 31, 2010. The Christian Contemporary format, which resided at the 102.3 frequency, moved to 105.9 and would be purchased by Crista Ministries. 105.9 would become contemporary Christian-formatted "Spirit 105.9" in April 2010. As of June 2014, KPEZ-HD2 rebroadcasts American Top 40 broadcasts from the 1970s and 1980s.
Personalities.
Current:
Former:

</doc>
<doc id="5886858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886858" title="KVET-FM">
KVET-FM

KVET-FM ("98.1 K-VET") is an Austin, Texas radio station operating a country music format. It is licensed to Austin, Texas with an ERP of 49,800 watts from a transmitter site near West Lake Hills, TX, and is owned by Clear Channel Radio. It shares studios with four other sister stations in the Penn Field complex in the South Congress district (or "SoCo") of south central Austin within walking distance of St. Edward's University.
The station's HD Radio subchannel airs an alternative rock/indie rock/Adult Alternative format as "103.1 iHeart Austin", simulcast on local low-power translator K276EL (103.1 FM).
History.
KVET.
Shortly after the end of World War II, a group of young men pooled their resources to start a radio station in Austin, Texas. All of them were veterans of the conflict, hence K-VET AM-1300 signed on October 1, 1946. These men included future Texas Governor John Connally, and future United States Representative Jake Pickle.
As was common in the 1940s and 1950s, KVET offered "full service" radio, block programming of music, news, talk, cooking shows, even soap operas. As was not common, KVET also included programming for Austin's minority community. Spanish language news and music on "Noche De Fiesta"; music and news for the African-American community on "The Elmer Akins Gospel Train".
In the 1950s, even more diversity was added to the lineup when Lavada Durst introduced Austin to R&B and "Jive Talk" on KVET's nighttime "Dr. Hepcat Show".
Noche de Fiesta and Dr. Hepcat were phased out in the 1960s, but Gospel Train is on the air on KVET to this day.
During most of the 60's, KVET featured the popular music of the day, plus a strong emphasis on news and sports block programming. The music of Frank Sinatra, Perry Como and Dianah Shore...Paul Harvey commentary, the Joe Pyne show, and Houston Astros baseball were all part of the mix.
KVET switched formats on April 14, 1969 to country music, and the Country Giant was born. Popular celebrity DJ's including Arleigh Duff, Penny Reeves, Jerry Gee and Sammy Allred quickly took KVET to the top of the local ratings during the 70's.
Despite increased competition, KVET continued to prosper in the 1980s by featuring a traditional mix of country music, news and sports, including Houston Oiler and Dallas Cowboy football.
In 1990, KVET began to also broadcast on 98.1 FM. With the new signal came the creation of the Sammy Allred and Bob Cole Morning Call-In Show. The show was a consistent ratings winner until Allred was fired in October 2007 for using profanity on the air. Through the 90's, KVET has evolved to a sports and talk station, the flagship station of the Longhorn Radio Network.
In August 2008, KVET's evening show was modified into "The Roadhouse", a hybrid format consisting of Texas/Red Dirt, Classic Outlaw and Americana/Alt-Country, programmed and hosted by Chris Mosser.
Frequency.
98.3 MHz went on the air in 1950 under the call letters KHFI-FM, becoming Austin's second FM station. Prior to acquisition by KVET/KASE Broadcasting in 1991, the frequency was changed to 98.1, and the branding was changed to K-98.1. After the acquisition, the call letters were changed to match the company's AM station, KVET. The KHFI call letters were then moved to the separately-owned 96.7 frequency. In 2000, the KVET/KVET-FM/KASE combo which by then included KFMK-FM and owned by AMFM/Capstar merged with Clear Channel Radio which already included 96.7 KHFI-FM and KPEZ-FM again uniting the two stations involved in the "KHFI frequency swap" of 1990.
Controversy.
In May 2007, morning show host Sammy Allred was suspended after calling presidential candidate Barack Obama a "clean darky", in response to Sen. Joseph Biden's comments about Obama. He was fired on October 30, 2007, for apparently swearing on-air, calling a listener an "a-hole." 
Allred's firing came just three days after afternoon host Janice Williams was terminated for budgetary reasons.
"iHeart Austin".
On March 7, 2013, management changed the format of a local FM translator K276EL (103.1 MHz) from 
its previous rhythmic adult contemporary format ("Jammin' 103.1") to a temporary "pop-up format" dedicated to the South By Southwest Music, Film, and Interactive Festivals. The station aired coverage of the festival and featured music by artists playing there. It was originally intended to run through the end of the festival on March 17, with the "Jammin'" format returning to the frequency, but management decided to continue the format after the end of South By Southwest.
The station airs a diverse mix of newer indie rock, hip-hop and Electronic Dance Music, with local air personalities.
Prior to "iHeart Austin", the translator was "Jammin' 103.1", which debuted May 8, 2012, replacing a simulcast of sister AM station KVET. Initially, the frequency broadcast the "Air 1" contemporary Christian music network from Educational Media Foundation.
Personalities.
Current:
'"Awards'"
KVET-FM has been nominated for the CMA Large Market Station of the Year in 2011 and previous years.

</doc>
<doc id="5886861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886861" title="Doug Weaver">
Doug Weaver

Douglas W. Weaver (born 1930) is a former American football player, coach, and college sports administrator. He served as the head football coach at Kansas State University from 1960 to 1966 and at Southern Illinois University Carbondale from 1974 to 1975, compiling a career college football record of 11–78–2. His Kansas State Wildcats teams posted two of the longest losing streaks in college football history. Weaver was also the athletic director at the Georgia Institute of Technology from 1976 to 1979 and at Michigan State University from 1979 to 1989.
Career.
Weaver starred at center on Michigan State's great teams of the early 1950s. After graduation, he served as an assistant on Duffy Daugherty's staff at his alma mater, and at the University of Missouri under Dan Devine. Prior to the 1960 season, he was hired as the head coach at Kansas State at age 29.
Kansas State.
In seven seasons at Kansas State, he compiled an 8–60–1 record. His final two seasons went without a win. His 1961 and 1962 teams posted a losing streak of 18 games—tied for the 20th-longest streak in college football history. Weaver's best season at K-State came in 1964, when his team went 3–7, with the three wins coming by a combined six points, but he retained his sense of humor. According to a "Sports Illustrated" article, after he was hanged in effigy at K-State, he said: "I'm glad it happened in front of the library. I've always emphasized scholarship." He was fired following the 1966 season. His career record was 8–60–1 including a 4–43-1 record in conference play.
Southern Illinois.
After being fired from Kansas State, Weaver attended law school at the University of Kansas. He returned to coaching football after earning his law degree, serving as an assistant coach at Kansas under Pepper Rodgers for the 1970 season. In 1973, he was named athletic director at Southern Illinois University Carbondale. In 1974, he named himself as head football coach at Southern Illinois, where he posted records of 2–9 and 1–9–1 during the 1974 and 1975 seasons.
Georgia Tech and Michigan State.
In 1976, he left Southern Illinois to take over as athletic director at the Georgia Institute of Technology. He was succeeded as athletic director at Southern Illinois by Gale Sayers. While athletic director at Georgia Tech, Weaver fired his old boss, Rodgers, from his position as football coach.
In 1979, Weaver returned to his alma mater, Michigan State, as athletic director, a position he held for a decade until he retired in 1989. Michigan State's indoor practice facility is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="5886879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886879" title="Vilmos Fraknói">
Vilmos Fraknói

Vilmos Fraknói (February 27, 1843 – November 20, 1924) was a Hungarian historian. He was an expert in Hungarian ecclesiastical history.
Life.
Vilmos Fraknói (originally "Vilmos Frankl") came from a Jewish family of Ürmény (today Mojmírovce, Slovakia). He studied Roman Catholic theology and philosophy, and was ordained a priest in 1865. He followed a successful ecclesial career: became canon of Nagyvárad in 1878, titular abbot of Szekszárd in 1879 and titular bishop of Arbe in 1892.
Fraknói began studying Hungarian history at an early age. He published his first work in 1868, at the age of 25, about the life of Péter Pázmány – the greatest figure of Hungarian Counter-Reformation – in three volumes. He wrote about other famous Catholic personalities, like János Vitéz and Tamás Bakócz, the Renaissance archbishops of Esztergom, works written in 1879 and 1889.
In 1875 Fraknói was appointed guardian of the Hungarian National Museum. He became the supervisor of all Hungarian museums and libraries in 1897. From 1870 onwards Fraknói was a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, and held important positions in the Hungarian academic life. Fraknói established the Hungarian Historical Institute in Rome.
Work.
As a historian, Fraknói was revered for his knowledge of the Hungarian-related documents in the main European archives, especially the archives of Rome, Vienne, Florence, Venice, Naples, Milan, Paris, Munich, Berlin, Kraków, Hague and Copenhagen. He was a member of several international scientific societies.
Fraknói was the editor of several important series: 
His other famous works are about King Louis II of Hungary (1878), the age of the Hunyadis and Jagiellos (1896), István Werbőczy (1899) and Ignác Martinovics (1921).

</doc>
<doc id="5886884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886884" title="A World Without Heroes">
A World Without Heroes

"A World Without Heroes" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss. It is credited as being written by Gene Simmons, Paul Stanley, Lou Reed and Bob Ezrin, and was originally recorded and released on their 1981 album "Music from "The Elder"".
Originally titled "Every Little Bit of Your Heart", the lyrics were changed in order the fit the concept of the album, which Lou Reed contributed the line "A world without heroes, is like a world without sun" to the lyrics.
The song is a slow ballad which features Simmons on lead vocals and Stanley on guitar solo. It was released as the lone single from "The Elder" album and reached #56 in the U.S. and #55 in the UK.
A video was made to help promote the single, and was the first Kiss video to be played on MTV.
Despite the video and chart performance of the single, Kiss only played it live once during their appearance on the "Fridays" TV show and did not play the song live again until fan request at Kiss conventions in the mid 90s led them to performing an acoustic version on their 1995 "Kiss Unplugged" performance and subsequent album.
Cher's version.
In 1991 Cher recorded a version of this song for her album "Love Hurts".

</doc>
<doc id="5886895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886895" title="Palaeospheniscus bergi">
Palaeospheniscus bergi

Palaeospheniscus bergi is a species of the extinct penguin genus "Palaeospheniscus". It stood about 60–75 cm high in life, or somewhat smaller on average than the extant African Penguin.
Many bones referrable to this species have been recovered from the Early Miocene Patagonian Molasse Formation. Known localities are Trelew in Chubut Province and Puerto San Julián in Santa Cruz Province, Argentina.
The species is named for Carlos Berg, a member of the La Plata Museum of Natural Sciences staff at the time when Moreno worked there.
Some recent researchers have considered "Palaeospheniscus gracilis" a synonym of this species.
Taxonomy.
Bones of this species were described as no less than 6 "species" (including the correct one) from 3 "genera" by Florentino Ameghino in a single publication. The synonyms are as follows:
Either "Pseudospheniscus interplanus" or "P. planus", as well as either "Pseudospheniscus concavus" or "P. convexus", are a "lapsus" too.

</doc>
<doc id="5886911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886911" title="Lindsay Manufacturing">
Lindsay Manufacturing

Lindsay Corporation (), formerly known as Lindsay Manufacturing Co., is a manufacturer of "Zimmatic" brand center pivot irrigation systems, based in the U.S. state of Nebraska. It also manufactures farm and construction machinery, as well as road and railroad infrastructure equipment. The company states that it has a market capitalization of $547,584,000. At August 31, 2008, the company had 1,239 employees.
The company was founded in 1955 in Lindsay, Nebraska. Corporate headquarters are in Omaha.
In 1992, Gary Parker of Lindsay Manufacturing Co. was named to the National Agri-Marketing Association Agribusiness Leader of the Year * honor roll.
On October 21, 1997, the company's shares began to be traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The company's shares form part of the Palisades Water Index's US Water Index.
In 2002, Howard G. Buffett was elected chairman of Lindsay Manufacturing. He had been a director of the company since 1995. Since January 21, 2003, the company's chairman has been Michael N. Christodolou.
In 2004, the company's African unit acquired Stettyn, a manufacturer of center pivots based in Bloemfontein, South Africa.
In June 2006, Lindsay acquired Barrier Systems Inc. which was founded in 1985 and developed the Quickchange Moveable Barrier (QMB) which helps control and manage traffic by adding lanes to a roadway during periods of heavy traffic and then removing the added lanes when the traffic influx is reversed.
On January 25, 2008, the outstanding shares of stock of Watertronics, Inc, based in Hartland, Wis. were purchased by Lindsay. Watertronics is a leader in designing, manufacturing, and servicing water pumping stations and controls for the golf, landscape and
municipal markets.

</doc>
<doc id="5886913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886913" title="Lombardo">
Lombardo

Lombardo is an Italian ethonym ("from Lombardy") and surname.
It may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5886914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886914" title="1966–67 Intertoto Cup">
1966–67 Intertoto Cup

The 1966–67 Intertoto Cup was won by Eintracht Frankfurt in the final against Inter Bratislava, the last ever final of the tournament in the traditional '1 cup, 1 winner' sense. This was also last season that knock-out rounds were contested, until UEFA took over the competition in 1995 - and the last ever occasion that an out-right winner was declared. Although the competition had returned to the old 32 clubs / eight groups format the year before, this was altered with the tournament expanding to 40 clubs / ten groups.
This was Bratislava's third final in five seasons (the previous two, which they won, under their old name Slovnaft).
Group stage.
The teams were divided into ten groups of four clubs each - four in 'A' section, and six in 'B' section. Clubs from Belgium, France, Italy, the Netherlands and Switzerland were placed in 'A'; while clubs from Czechoslovakia, East Germany, Poland, Sweden and Yugoslavia were placed in 'B' groups. Club from West Germany were placed in both sections. The ten group winners advanced to the knock-out rounds.
Group A1.
The Chaux-de-Fonds v Feyenoord match was abandoned due to fog (the score at the time was 1–2). Since neither side could qualify, the match was not replayed nor the score allowed to stand.
The Vicenza v Feyenoord match has also been reported as 2–0, but was officially recorded as 2–1.
Group B1.
The Hansa Rostock v Olimpija match has also been reported as 3–1, but was officially recorded as 3–0.
Abandonment of knock-out rounds.
The Group Stage was always played during the summer break, with the knock-out rounds played as clubs could fit them in during the new season. However, this began to cause increasing problems. Firstly, clubs often had difficulty agreeing dates, and the tournament struggled to finish on time - for example, the 1964–65 final wasn't played until early June, over a year after the group games had started; and in 1963–64 and 1965–66 it was concluded in late May. 
The second reason was the insistence of UEFA that any clubs taking part in the European Cup or UEFA Cup Winners' Cup could not continue games in other European competitions after the end of the summer break. This meant that clubs who had progressed from the Intertoto Group Stage, but were also competing in one of the UEFA competitions, had to be given byes through the Intertoto knock-out rounds (until they were eliminated from the UEFA competition), or withdrawn entirely. This made the knock-out rounds complicated, difficult to schedule, and weakened their significance.
The third reason was the lack of value attributed to the knock-out rounds. While reaching the final was seen as an achievement worthy of praise, the main purpose of the tournament, for most clubs who entered, was to provide football during the otherwise empty summer break. The financial benefits of participating in the pools competitions was also important. Having to arrange and play home-and-away knock-out matches during the new season was seen as difficult, expensive, and relatively pointless if the club in question was eliminated before reaching the Final or Semi-finals.
As a result, the knock-out rounds were abandoned, and for the next three decades there were no winners of the cup. The Group Stage continued much as before, with prize money still awarded according to a club's final group placing.

</doc>
<doc id="5886929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886929" title="History of Sicily">
History of Sicily

The history of Sicily has seen Sicily usually controlled by greater powers—Roman, Vandal, Byzantine, Islamic, Norman, Hohenstaufen, Catalan, Spaniard—but also experiencing short periods of independence, as under the Greeks and later as the Emirate then Kingdom of Sicily. Although today part of the Republic of Italy, it has its own distinct culture.
Sicily is both the largest region of the modern state of Italy and the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea. Its central location and natural resources ensured that it has been considered a crucial strategic location due in large part to its importance for Mediterranean trade routes. For example, the area was highly regarded as part of "Magna Graecia", with Cicero describing Syracuse as the greatest and most beautiful city of all Ancient Greece. 
The economic history of rural Sicily has focused on its "latifundium economy" caused by the centrality of large, originally feudal, estates used for cereal cultivation and animal husbandry that developed in the 14th century and persisted until World War II.
At times, the island has been at the heart of great civilizations, at other times it has been nothing more than a colonial backwater. Its fortunes have often waxed and waned depending on events out of its control, in earlier times a magnet for immigrants, in later times a land of emigrants. Sicily is part of the Mezzogiorno (southern Italy, including Sicily and often Sardinia), a region historically characterized by a predominantly agrarian economy, quasi-feudal land tenure, sharp class differences, and the vendettas and criminal activities of the Camorra in Naples and the Mafia in Sicil
Prehistory.
The indigenous peoples of Sicily, long absorbed into the population, were tribes known to ancient Greek writers as the Elymians, the Sicani and the Siculi or Sicels (from which the island gets its name). Of these, the last were clearly the latest to arrive on this land and were related to other Italic peoples of southern Italy, such as the "Italoi" of Calabria, the Oenotrians, Chones, and Leuterni (or Leutarni), the Opicans, and the Ausones. It is possible, however, that the Sicani were originally an Iberian tribe. The Elymi, too, may have distant origins outside of Italy, in the Aegean Sea area. The recent discoveries of dolmens also in this island (dating to the second half of the third millennium BC), seems to open up new horizons on the composite cultural panorama of primitive Sicily.
It is a well-known fact that this region went through a quite intricate prehistory, so much so it is difficult to move about in the muddle of peoples that have followed each other. The impact of two influences, however, remains clear: the European one coming from the North-West, and the other, Mediterranean influence, of a clear oriental matrix. Complex urban settlements become increasingly evident from around 1300 BC.
From the 11th century BC, Phoenicians begin to settle in western Sicily, having already started colonies on the nearby parts of North Africa. Within a century, we find major Phoenician settlements at Soloeis (Solunto), present day Palermo and Motya (an island near present day Marsala). As Phoenician Carthage grew in power, these settlements came under its direct control.
Classical Age.
Greek period.
Sicily was colonized by Greeks in the 8th century BC. Initially, this was restricted to the eastern and southern parts of the island. The most important colony was established at Syracuse in 734 BC. Other important Greek colonies were Gela, Akragas, Selinunte, Himera, Kamarina and Zancle or Messene (modern-day Messina, not to be confused with the ancient city of Messene in Messenia, Greece). These city states were an important part of classical Greek civilization, which included Sicily as part of Magna Graecia - both Empedocles and Archimedes were from Sicily.
These Greek city-states enjoyed long periods of democratic government, but in times of social stress, in particular, with constant warring against Carthage, tyrants occasionally usurped the leadership. The more famous include: Gelon, Hiero I, Dionysius the Elder and Dionysius the Younger.
As the Greek and Phoenician communities grew more populous and more powerful, the Sicels and Sicanians were pushed further into the centre of the island. By the 3rd century BC, Syracuse was the most populous Greek city in the world. Sicilian politics was intertwined with politics in Greece itself, leading Athens, for example, to mount the disastrous Sicilian Expedition in 415 BC during the Peloponnesian War.
In Greek Mythology, the goddess Athena threw Mount Aitna onto the island of Sicily and upon either the gigante Enkeladus or Typhon during the giants' war against the gods.
The Greeks came into conflict with the Punic trading communities, by now effectively protectorates of Carthage, with its capital on the African mainland not far from the southwest corner of the island. Palermo was a Carthaginian city, founded in the 8th century BC, named Zis or Sis ("Panormos" to the Greeks). Hundreds of Phoenician and Carthaginian grave sites have been found in a necropolis over a large area of Palermo, now built over, south of the Norman palace, where the Norman kings had a vast park.
In the far west, Lilybaeum (now Marsala) was never thoroughly Hellenized. In the First and Second Sicilian Wars, Carthage was in control of all but the eastern part of Sicily, which was dominated by Syracuse. However, the dividing line between the Carthaginian west and the Greek east moved backwards and forwards frequently in the ensuing centuries.
Punic Wars.
The constant warfare between Carthage and the Greek city-states eventually opened the door to an emerging third power. In the 3rd century BC, the Messanan Crisis motivated the intervention of the Roman Republic into Sicilian affairs, and led to the First Punic War between Rome and Carthage. By the end of the war in (242 BC), and with the death of Hiero II, all of Sicily except Syracuse was in Roman hands, becoming Rome's first province outside of the Italian peninsula.
The success of the Carthaginians during most of the Second Punic War encouraged many of the Sicilian cities to revolt against Roman rule. Rome sent troops to put down the rebellions (it was during the siege of Syracuse that Archimedes was killed). Carthage briefly took control of parts of Sicily, but in the end was driven off. Many Carthaginian sympathizers were killed - in 210 BC the Roman consul M. Valerian told the Roman Senate that "no Carthaginian remains in Sicily".
Roman Period.
For the next 600 years, Sicily was a province of the Roman Republic and later Empire. It was something of a rural backwater, important chiefly for its grain fields, which were a mainstay of the food supply for the city of Rome until the annexation of Egypt after the Battle of Actium largely did away with that role. The empire made little effort to Romanize the region, which remained largely Greek. One notable event of this period was the notorious misgovernment of Verres, as recorded by Cicero in 70 BC in his oration, In Verrem. Another was the Sicilian revolt under Sextus Pompeius, which liberated the island from Roman rule for a brief period.
A lasting legacy of the Roman occupation, in economic and agricultural terms, was the establishment of the large landed estates, often owned by distant Roman nobles (the "latifundia").
Despite its largely neglected status, Sicily was able to make a contribution to Roman culture through the historian Diodorus Siculus and the poet Calpurnius Siculus. The most famous archeological remains of this period are the mosaics of a nobleman's villa in present day Piazza Armerina. An inscription from Hadrian's reign lauds the emperor as "The Restorer of Sicily", although it is not known what he did to earn this accolade.
It was also during this period that we find one of the very first Christian communities in Sicily. Amongst the very earliest Christian martyrs were the Sicilians Saint Agatha of Catania and Saint Lucy of Syracuse.
Early Middle Ages.
Byzantine period.
As the Roman Empire was falling apart, a Germanic tribe known as the Vandals took Sicily in 440 AD under the rule of their king Geiseric. The Vandals had already invaded parts of Roman France and Spain, inserting themselves as an important power in western Europe. However, they soon lost these newly acquired possessions to another East Germanic tribe in the form of the Goths. The Ostrogothic conquest of Sicily (and Italy as a whole) under Theodoric the Great began in 488; although the Goths were Germanic, Theodoric sought to revive Roman culture and government and allowed freedom of religion.
The Gothic War took place between the Ostrogoths and the Eastern Roman Empire, also known as the Byzantine Empire. Sicily was the first part of Italy to be taken under general Belisarius who was commissioned by Eastern Emperor Justinian I. Sicily was used as a base for the Byzantines to conquer the rest of Italy, with Naples, Rome, Milan and the Ostrogoth capital Ravenna falling within five years. However, a new Ostrogoth king, Totila, drove down the Italian peninsula, plundering and conquering Sicily in 550. Totila, in turn, was defeated and killed in the Battle of Taginae by the Byzantine general Narses in 552.
When Ravenna fell to the Lombards in the middle of the 6th century, Syracuse became Byzantium's main western outpost. Latin was gradually supplanted by Greek as the national language and the Greek rites of the Eastern Church were adopted.
The Byzantine Emperor Constans II decided to move from the capital Constantinople to Syracuse in Sicily in 663, the following year he launched an assault from Sicily against the Lombard Duchy of Benevento, which then occupied most of Southern Italy. The rumours that the capital of the empire was to be moved to Syracuse, along with small raids probably cost Constans his life as he was assassinated in 668. His son Constantine IV succeeded him, a brief usurpation in Sicily by Mezezius being quickly suppressed by the new emperor.
From the late 7th century, Sicily joined with Calabria to form the Byzantine Theme of Sicily.
Muslim period.
In 826, Euphemius the commander of the Byzantine fleet of Sicily forced a nun to marry him. Emperor Michael II caught wind of the matter and ordered that general Constantine end the marriage and cut off Euphemius' nose. Euphemius rose up, killed Constantine and then occupied Syracuse; he in turn was defeated and driven out to North Africa. 
There, Euphemius requested the help of Ziyadat Allah, the Aghlabid Emir of Tunisia, in regaining the island; an Islamic army of Arabs, Berbers, Moors, Cretan Saracens and Persians was sent. The conquest was a see-saw affair; the local population resisted fiercely and the Arabs suffered considerable dissension and infighting among themselves. It took over a century to complete the conquest (although practically complete by 902, the last Byzantine strongholds held out until 965).
Throughout this reign, continued revolts by Byzantine Sicilians happened, especially in the east, and part of the lands were even re-occupied before being quashed. Agricultural items, such as oranges, lemons, pistachio and sugar cane, were brought to Sicily, the native Christians were allowed nominal freedom of religion with jaziya (tax on non-Muslims, imposed by Muslim rulers) to their rulers for the right to practise their own religion privately. However, the Emirate of Sicily began to fragment as inner-dynasty related quarrels took place between the Muslim regime.
By the 11th century, mainland southern Italian powers were hiring ferocious Norman mercenaries, who were Christian descendants of the Vikings; it was the Normans under Roger I who conquered Sicily from the Muslims. After taking Apulia and Calabria, he occupied Messina with an army of 700 knights. In 1068, Robert Guiscard and his men defeated the Muslims at Misilmeri; but the most crucial battle was the siege of Palermo, which led to Sicily being completely in Norman control by 1091.
Many historians have recently argued that the Norman conquest of Islamic Sicily (1060–91) was the start of the Crusades.
High Middle Ages.
Norman period (1091-1194).
Palermo continued on as the capital under the Normans. Roger's son, Roger II of Sicily, was ultimately able to raise the status of the island, along with his holds of Malta and Southern Italy to a kingdom in 1130. During this period, the Kingdom of Sicily was prosperous and politically powerful, becoming one of the wealthiest states in all of Europe; even wealthier than England.
The Norman kings relied mostly on the local Sicilian population for the more important government and administrative positions. For the most part, initially Greek remained as the language of administration while Norman was the language of the royal court. Significantly, immigrants from Northern Italy and Campania arrived during this period and linguistically the island would eventually become Latinised, in terms of church it would become completely Roman Catholic, previously under the Byzantines it had been more Eastern Christian.
The most significant changes that the Normans were to bring to Sicily were in the areas of religion, language and population. Almost from the moment that Roger I controlled much of the island, immigration was encouraged from both Northern Italy and Campania. For the most part, these consisted of Lombards who were Latin-speaking and more inclined to support the Western church. With time, Sicily would become overwhelmingly Roman Catholic and a new vulgar Latin idiom would emerge that was distinct to the island.
Roger II's grandson, William II (also known as William the Good) reigned from 1166 to 1189. His greatest legacy was the building of the Cathedral of Monreale, perhaps the best surviving example of siculo-Norman architecture. In 1177, he married Joan of England (also known as Joanna). She was the daughter of Henry II of England and the sister of Richard the Lion Heart.
When William died in 1189 without an heir, this effectively signalled the end of the Hauteville succession. Some years earlier, Roger II's daughter, Constance of Sicily (William II's aunt) had been married off to Henry VI of Hohenstaufen, meaning that the crown now legitimately transferred to him. Such an eventuality was unacceptable to the local barons, and they voted in Tancred of Sicily, an illegitimate grandson of Roger II.
Hohenstaufen reign (1194-1266).
Tancred died in 1194, just as Henry VI and Constance were travelling down the Italian peninsula to claim their crown. Henry rode into Palermo at the head of a large army unopposed and thus ended the Norman Hauteville dynasty, replaced by the south German (Swabian) Hohenstaufen. Just as Henry VI was being crowned as King of Sicily in Palermo, Constance gave birth to Frederick II (sometimes referred to as Frederick I of Sicily). 
Frederick, like his grandfather Roger II, was passionate about science, learning and literature. He created one of the earliest universities in Europe (in Naples), wrote a book on falconry (De arte venandi cum avibus, one of the first handbooks based on scientific observation rather than medieval mythology). He instituted far-reaching law reform formally dividing church and state and applying the same justice to all classes of society, and was the patron of the Sicilian School of poetry, the first time an Italianate form of vulgar Latin was used for literary expression, creating the first standard that could be read and used throughout the peninsula.
Many repressive measures, passed by Frederick II, were introduced in order to please the Popes who could not tolerate Islam being practiced in the heart of Christendom, which resulted in a rebellion of Sicily's Muslims. This in turn triggered organized resistance and systematic reprisals and marked the final chapter of Islam in Sicily. The Muslim problem characterized Hohenstaufen rule in Sicily under Henry VI and his son Frederick II. The rebellion abated, but direct papal pressure induced Frederick to mass transfer all his Muslim subjects deep into the Italian hinterland, to Lucera. In 1224, Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor and grandson of Roger II, expelled the few remaining Muslims from Sicily.
Frederick was succeeded firstly by his son, Conrad, and then by his illegitimate son, Manfred, who essentially usurped the crown (with the support of the local barons) while Conrad's son, Conradin was still quite young. A unique feature of all the Swabian kings of Sicily, perhaps inherited from their Siculo-Norman forefathers, was their preference in retaining a regiment of Saracen soldiers as their personal and most trusted regiments. Such a practice, amongst others, ensured an ongoing antagonism between the papacy and the Hohenstaufens. The Hohenstaufen rule ended with the death of Manfredi at the battle of Benevento (1266).
Late Middle Ages.
Angevins and the Sicilian Vespers.
Throughout Frederick's reign, there had been substantial antagonism between the Kingdom and the Papacy, which was part of the wider Guelph Ghibelline conflict. This antagonism was transferred to the Hohenstaufen house, and ultimately against Manfred.
In 1266, Charles I, duke of Anjou, with the support of the Church, led an army against the Kingdom. They fought at Benevento, just to the north of the Kingdom's border. Manfred was killed in battle and Charles was crowned King of Sicily by Pope Clement IV.
Growing opposition to French officialdom and high taxation led to an insurrection in 1282 (the Sicilian Vespers), which was successful with the support of Peter III of Aragón, who was crowned King of Sicily by the island's barons. Peter III had previously married Manfred's daughter, Constance, and it was for this reason that the Sicilian barons effectively invited him. This victory split the Kingdom in two, with Charles continuing to rule the mainland part (still known as the Kingdom of Sicily as well).
The ensuing War of the Sicilian Vespers lasted until the peace of Caltabellotta in 1302, although it was to continue on and off for a period of 90 years. With two kings both claiming to be the King of Sicily, the separate island kingdom became known as the Kingdom of Trinacria. It is this very split that ultimately led to the creation of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies some 500 years on.
Aragonese period.
Peter III's son, Frederick III of Sicily (also known as Frederick II of Sicily) reigned from 1298 to 1337. For the whole of the 14th century, Sicily was essentially an independent kingdom, ruled by relatives of the kings of Aragon, but for all intents and purposes they were Sicilian kings. The Sicilian parliament, already in existence for a century, continued to function with wide powers and responsibilities.
During this period, a sense of a Sicilian people and nation emerged, that is to say, the population was no longer divided between Greek, Arab and Latin peoples. Catalan was the language of the royal court, and Sicilian was the language of the parliament and the general citizenry. These circumstances continued until 1409 when because of failure of the Sicilian line of the Aragonese dynasty, the Sicilian throne became part of the Crown of Aragon.
The island's first university was founded at Catania in 1434. Antonello da Messina is Sicily's greatest artist from this period.
Spanish period.
With the union of the crowns of Castile and Aragon in 1479, Sicily was ruled directly by the kings of Spain via governors and viceroys. In the ensuing centuries, authority on the island was to become concentrated among a small number of local barons.
The viceroy had to overcome the distance and poor communication with the royal court in Madrid. It proved almost impossible for the Spanish viceroys both to comply with the demands of the crown and to satisfy the aspirations of the Sicilians — a situation that also was apparent in Spain's colonies in Latin America. The viceroys secured territorial control and sought to guarantee the loyalty of vassals through distributing patronage in the form of offices and grants in the name of the king. The monarchy, however, also exercised its power through royal counsels and independent entities, such as the agents of the Inquisition and visitadores or inspectors. Local spheres of royal influence never were clearly defined, and various local political entities within the viceregal system competed for power, rendering Sicily often ungovernable.
The 16th century was the golden age for Sicily's wheat exports. Inflation, rapid population growth, and international markets brought economic and social changes. In the 17th century, Sicily's silk exports exceeded its wheat exports. Internal colonization and the foundation of new settlements by feudal aristocrats in Sicily was notable from 1590 to 1650. It involved the redistribution of population away from the larger towns back to the countryside. 
The baronage took advantage of increasing population and demand to build new estates, based mostly on wheat, and the new villages were inhabited mostly by landless laborers. The foundation of estates was a means toward social and political prominence for many families. The towns people initially welcomed the process as a way of alleviating poverty by draining off surplus population, but at the same time it led to a decline in their political and administrative control of the countryside.
Sicily suffered a ferocious outbreak of the Black Death in 1656, followed by a damaging earthquake in the east of the island in 1693. Sicily was frequently attacked by Barbary pirates from North Africa. The subsequent rebuilding created the distinctive architectural style known as Sicilian Baroque. Periods of rule by the house of Savoy (1713–1720) and then the Austrian Habsburgs gave way to union (1734) with the Bourbon-ruled Kingdom of Naples, under the rule of Don Carlos of Bourbon (later Charles III of Spain).
Bourbon period.
The Bourbon kings officially resided in Naples, except for a brief period during the Napoleonic Wars between 1806 and 1815, when the royal family lived in exile in Palermo. The Sicilian nobles welcomed British military intervention during this period and a new constitution was developed specifically for Sicily based on the Westminster model of government. The British were committed to preserving the security of the Kingdom of Sicily for the sake of keeping Mediterranean Sea naval operations open against the French. The British dispatched several expeditions of troops between 1806 and 1815 is mentioned and built strong fortifications around Messina
The Kingdoms of Naples and Sicily were officially merged in 1816 by Ferdinand I to form the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. The accession of Ferdinand II as king of the Two Sicilies in 1830 was hailed by Sicilians; they dreamed that autonomy would be returned to the island and the problems of poverty and maladministration of justice would be tackled by the count of Syracuse, the king's brother and lieutenant in Sicily.
The royal government in Naples saw the problem of Sicily as being purely administrative, a question of making existing institutions function properly. Neapolitan ministers had no interest in serious reforms. Ferdinand's failure, leading to disillusion and the revolt of 1837, was due mainly to his making no attempt to gain support in the Sicilian middle class, with which he could have faced the power of the baronage.
Simmering discontent with Bourbon rule and hopes of Sicilian independence was to give rise to a number of major revolutions in 1820 and 1848 against Bourbon denial of constitutional government. The 1848 revolution resulted in a sixteen month period of independence from the Bourbons before its armed forces took back control of the island on 15 May 1849. The city of Messina long harbored proponents of independence throughout the 19th century, and its urban Risorgimento leaders arose out of a diverse milieu comprising artisans, workers, students, clerics, Masons, and sons of English, Irish, and other settlers.
The 1847-48 unrest enjoyed wide support in Messina and produced an organized structure, and consciousness of the need to link the struggle to the whole of Sicily. The insurgents briefly gained control of the city but, despite bitter resistance, the Bourbon army was victorious and suppressed the revolt. This suppression resulted in further oppression and created a diaspora of Messinian and Sicilian revolutionaries outside Sicily and locked Sicily under the control of the reactionary government. The bombardments of Messina and Palermo earned Ferdinand II the name "King Bomba".
Modern era.
Unification of Italy period.
Sicily was merged with the Kingdom of Sardinia in 1860 following the expedition of Giuseppe Garibaldi's "Mille"; the annexation was ratified by a popular plebiscite. The Kingdom of Sardinia became in 1861 the Kingdom of Italy, in the context of the Italian "Risorgimento".
However, local elites across the island systematically opposed and nullified efforts of the national government to modernize the traditional economy and political system. For example, they frustrated government efforts to set up new town councils, new police forces, and a liberal judicial system. Furthermore, repeated revolts showed a degree of unrest among the peasants.
In 1866, Palermo revolted against Italy. The city was bombed by the Italian navy, which disembarked on September 22 under the command of Raffaele Cadorna. Italian soldiers summarily executed the civilian insurgents, and once again took possession of the island.
A limited, but long guerrilla campaign against the unionists (1861–1871) took place throughout southern Italy, and in Sicily, inducing the Italian governments to a severe military response. These insurrections were unorganized, and were considered by the Government as operated by "brigands" ("Brigantaggio"). Ruled under martial law for several years, Sicily (and southern Italy) was the object of a harsh repression by the Italian army that summarily executed thousands of people, made tens of thousands prisoners, destroyed villages, and deported people.
Emigration.
The Sicilian economy did not adapt easily to unification, and in particular competition by Northern industry made attempts at industrialization in the South almost impossible. While the masses suffered by the introduction of new forms of taxation and, especially, by the new Kingdom's extensive military conscription, the Sicilian economy suffered, leading to an unprecedented wave of emigration.
The reluctance of Sicilian men to allow women to take paid work meant that women usually remained at home, their seclusion often increased due to the restrictions of mourning. Despite such restrictions, women carried out a variety of important roles in nourishing their families, selecting wives for their sons, and helping their husbands in the field.
In 1894, labour agitation through the radical left-wing "Fasci Siciliani" (Sicilian Workers Leagues) again led to the imposition of martial law.
Mafia.
The Mafia became an essential part of the social structure in the late 19th century because of the inability of the Italian state to impose its concept of law and its monopoly on violence in a peripheral region. The decline of feudal structures allowed a new middle class of violent peasant entrepreneurs to emerge who profited from the sale of baronial, Church, and common land and established a system of clientage over the peasantry. The government was forced to compromise with these "bourgeois mafiosi," who used violence to impose their law, manipulated the traditional feudal language, and acted as mediators between society and the state.
Early 20th century and Fascist period.
Ongoing government neglect in the late 19th century ultimately enabled the establishment of organized crime networks, commonly known as "La Cosa Nostra" or mafia. These were gradually able to extend their influence across all sectors over much of the island (and many of its operatives also emigrated to other countries, particularly the United States). After Mussolini came to power in the 1920s, he launched a fierce crackdown on organized crime, but they recovered quickly following the Allied invasion of Sicily in July 1943, once the Allies freed imprisoned Mafia leaders under the mistaken notion that they were political prisoners.
The Cosa Nostra remains a secret criminal organization with a state-like structure. It utilizes violence as an instrument of control, executing members who break its rules as well as outsiders who threaten or fail to cooperate with the organization. In 1984, the Italian government initiated an anti-Mafia policy that sought to eliminate the organization by prosecuting its leaders.
Although Sicily fell to the Allied armies with relatively little fighting, the German and Italian forces escaped to the mainland largely intact. Control of Sicily gave the Allies a base from which to advance northward through Italy. Furthermore, it proved a valuable training ground for large-scale amphibious operations - lessons that would be essential for Normandy.
Post-war period.
Following some political agitation, Sicily became an autonomous region in 1946 under the new Italian constitution, with its own parliament and elected President.
The latifundia (large feudal agricultural estates) were abolished by sweeping land reform mandating smaller farms in 1950-1962, funded from the "Cassa per il Mezzogiorno", the Italian government's development Fund for the South (1950–1984).
Sicily returned to the headlines in 1992, however, when the assassination of two anti-mafia magistrates, Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino triggered a general upheaval in Italian political life.
In the 21st century Sicily, and its surrounding islets, has become a target destination for illegal immigrants and people-smuggling operations.
Further reading.
Ligresti, Domenico,Sicilia aperta (secoli XV-XVII). Mobilità di uomini e di idee, Palermo, Quaderni Mediterranea Ricerche Storiche, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5886930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886930" title="Bob Gould">
Bob Gould

Bob Gould may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5886942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886942" title="Roberto D'Ettorre Piazzoli">
Roberto D'Ettorre Piazzoli

Roberto D’Ettorre Piazzoli (born 1942) is an Italian film producer and cinematographer who has worked frequently with Ovidio G. Assonitis.
Born in Rome, Piazzoli began working for the Italian movie industry in the early 1960s as a cameraman, under the direction of Vittorio De Sica, Damiano Damiani, Marco Ferreri, Florestano Vancini, Mauro Bolognini, Dino Risi and Pasquale Festa Campanile.
As a cinematographer he has worked on such films as "L’ultima neve di primavera" and as co-director (under the pseudonym Robert Barrett) on "Beyond the Door" and "Tentacles" directed by Ovidio G. Assonitis; he also co-directed "Laure", together with Louis-Jacques Rollet-Andriane, Emmanuelle Arsan's husband.
His filmography also includes "No Place to Hide", "Over the Line", "Sposi", "Fratelli e Sorelle" and "Laguna".

</doc>
<doc id="5886949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886949" title="Rob Asghar">
Rob Asghar

"Rob" Asghar (birth name Saquib Suhrab Asghar, born 1965, in California) is an American writer and political commentator. His essays and commentaries have appeared in multiple newspapers around the world, including "The Denver Post", "The Wall Street Journal", "Los Angeles Daily News", "Los Angeles Times", "The Philadelphia Inquirer" and "The Japan Times". He has occasionally also written under the name "Robert." Asghar has been a columnist for Creators Syndicate and is a contributor to Forbes.com and the Huffington Post.
Career.
Asghar spent many years as a speechwriter and consultant for executives in business and academia, and also edited books on management and theology.
Following the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Asghar began to offer commentary and analysis about the Islamic world, Pakistan and terrorism in various columns and publications. Most of his writings have related to US-Pakistan relations and American foreign policy towards terrorism, offering a perspective shaped by his roots and travels in Pakistan. A vocal critic of post-9/11 American neoconservative foreign policy, he has often staked out positions sympathetic to Pakistan's citizenry and has frequently advocated the continuation of constructive American engagement with Pakistan even in the wake of the killing of Osama bin Laden in Pakistan. Asghar has also critiqued the American government's lack of a consistent policy regarding Pakistan, saying that it has neglected Pakistan when expedient, without considering long-term repercussions. He has also argued against a "myth of America's decline," speculating that emerging economies will experience cultural struggles that will hamper their ability to maintain a steady trajectory toward Western standards of economic and social advancement. More recently, he has begun writing about business management and other broad topics.
Asghar is a fellow at the USC Center on Public Diplomacy and a member of the Pacific Council on International Policy.

</doc>
<doc id="5886985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5886985" title="Geomelting">
Geomelting

Geomelting is the process by which dangerous, contaminated material (such as radioactive waste and heavy metals) is mixed with clean soil and melted down to create an extremely hard glass product which neutralizes/removes nearly all of the contaminants in the initial mixture. Any gaseous contaminants released during the melting process are treated separately.
Developed in 1980 by the U.S. Department of Energy's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL), geomelting occurs in one of two ways: in situ (on-site) treatment of hazardous materials and off-site treatment of such materials (i.e. waste is transported to a treatment facility).
Process.
Vitrification.
Geomelting is based on the principle of vitrification, the process by which a glass is formed. To effectively vitrify any mixture of materials, substances that contribute to glass formation (called glass formers) must be present. These glass formers usually contain silicon and oxygen and are present in most soils.
Much of the efficiency of this process has to do with how much waste material can be mixed with glass formers. Industrial-scale melts have shown that a stable glass compound is formed even when the original melt mixture is up to 33-40% waste material by weight, depending on the type of waste.
Melting.
First, waste is mixed with soil containing glass formers in a large container installed with electrodes (electrical conductors) suitable for heating the mixture. The container used is either underground (subsurface planar vitrification, or SPV) or above ground (in-container vitrification, or ICV). In both cases, the waste/soil mixture is loaded into the container and the heating processes begins when the electrodes are turned on. Due to spacial restrictions, the entire mixture cannot melt at the same time. The materials closest to the electrodes are melted first, and convection currents (movements of substances in a fluid) within the molten mixture continue to add more solid material into the molten material. After about 36-58 hours, all of the mixture is molten and the convection currents create homogeneity (equal distribution of components) within the resultant mixture.
Subsurface Planar Vitrification (SPV).
In subsurface planar vitrification, all melting operations are performed at the site of contamination. A very tall (around 6 meters deep), narrow underground cavern is dug into the contaminated soil, which serves as the melting container. Very large electrodes are positioned within the cavern to optimize melting times. The hazardous waste is then mixed with soil inside the cavern and the melt is initiated. After the glass product has been formed, it is either left in the ground or transferred to a disposal facility.
Advantages.
SPV melts do not require much capital investment because the only construction necessary is the cavern that must be dug and the retrieval of the vitrified mass after the melt. SPV melts cost roughly $355–461 per ton of processed waste. When compared to the disposal cost of $555 per kilogram (or $500,000 per ton) of nuclear waste, SPV is very cost-effective. There is also very little risk of worker injury on the job because the melting process happens underground and away from the workers at the site. Finally, the melt caverns have no size restrictions, so SPV can handle very large volumes of waste at once.
Disadvantages.
SPV does not come without its drawbacks. In order to perform an SPV melt, all materials and personnel must be moved to the melting site, so the costs of transportation for both must be taken into consideration. Once all contaminants have been removed or destroyed at the site, the project must relocate to continue operations. Melts cannot begin immediately after a treatment team arrives because it takes a few hours to dig the underground caverns and position the electrodes inside.
In-Container Vitrification (ICV).
In-container vitrification melts are carried out above ground in a container made of heat-resistant metal coated with a protective layer of sand. The sand separates the container walls from the molten mixture and shapes the glass product after it has cooled. Melts are carried out in quick succession; once one melt has cooled, another waste container is loaded with electrodes and the process begins again. The vitrified glass is then sent to a disposal facility.
Advantages.
Because these melts are carried out at a treatment facility, melts are efficient and centralized to that location. Waste/soil mixtures are systematically loaded and processed in the facility. Since the mixtures are melted above ground, machines do not have to dig up the glass product like in SPV melts. The melt containers are also the containers used to transport the glass, so there are less transfers involved in the glass's disposal.
Disadvantages.
ICV melts have their downsides as well. The most immediate concern of ICV melts is the cost. ICV requires a treatment facility, meaning a new facility must be built or an existing facility must be renovated to accommodate the new process. Both methods require considerable capital investment. Even after the facility is prepared for the process, ICV melts cost about $1,585 per ton of processed waste (3-4 times the cost of an SPV melt). This extra cost is due to the necessary safety precautions in the facility. For example, the melting process occurs at very high (1200 to 2000 °C) temperatures and some of this heat is dispersed throughout the facility, so adequate cooling and ventilation are needed for areas where workers are present.
Off-Gas Treatment.
While the contaminated mixture is melting, gases (called off-gases) are released, which are hazardous substances themselves. These gases are captured by a steel fume hood and sent through a treatment system that then removes about 99.9999% of the contaminants. Standard treatment procedures span from filtration to wet scrubbing (using liquid to remove gaseous contaminants), though the exact procedures depend on the gases being treated.
Applications.
Hazardous materials are often very difficult to remove and treat. The contaminants might be seeped into the soil, contained within a sludge, or present within spent nuclear reactor cores. No matter where a hazard exists, each requires a different method of treatment and disposal using standard waste management processes. With geomelting, however, the treatment (melting) process is essentially the same for each batch, as is the glass produced, regardless of the contaminants in the mixture. Due to this versatility, geomelting is employed in many hazard-control operations.
Organics.
Organic contaminants like pesticides are common in agricultural areas, and other contaminants like organic solvents in paints and glues are common in urban areas. These hazards are carcinogens (cancer-causing substances) and often impair critical bodily functions (e.g. breathing) over time. Local groundwater and topsoil become polluted, and geomelting is one way regularly treat these resources. The melting process destroys organic compounds because no organic materials are able to survive the high temperatures of the melt process.
Inorganics.
Inorganic contaminants like heavy metals (toxic metals including mercury, cadmium, and lead) are released into the environment via industrial leaks and automobile waste. If left unattended, these inorganic hazards can deteriorate ecosystems and cause mental/physical illnesses in humans. Regardless of the mixture of metals, geomelting isolates these heavy metals in a glass matrix and prevents them from entering the environment, eliminating the threat posed to the surroundings.
Radioactive Materials.
Since the advent of nuclear power plants, nuclear pollution (the dispersal of radioactive materials) has become a serious problem for the environment. The amount of radiation in radioactive materials may not be safe for living organisms, so it is important for all nuclear pollution to be removed. Nuclear waste naturally remains hazardous for hundreds of years, but when processed with geomelting, radioactive materials are trapped in such a way that prevents radioactive emissions from being released, effectively neutralizing them.

</doc>
<doc id="5887014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887014" title="District of Potisje">
District of Potisje

The District of Potisje () was an administrative unit of the Habsburg Monarchy. It was formed in 1751 with headquarters in Stari Bečej, and existed for almost one century (until 1848). 
History.
Before the formation of the district, its territory was part of the Tisa-Moriš section of the Military Frontier and was mainly inhabited by ethnic Serbs. After the abolishment of this part of the Frontier, many Serbs left from the area and immigrated to Russian Empire (notably to New Serbia and Slavo-Serbia). Some of them also settled in Banat. 
The three privileges were given to the district in 1759, 1774, and 1800, and were published for those frontiersmen (Serbs) that did not emigrated to Russian Empire or Banat. The first privilege of the District defined its autonomous status, while the second one allowed to ethnic Hungarians to settle in the district. Serbs opposed this settling of Hungarians in Serb settlements and in some places ethnic clashes between the two groups occurred. For example, the first Hungarian house built in Martonoš was demolished by Serbs. The ethnic balance in much of the area was, however, changed in favor of the Hungarians. 
Administratively, the District of Potisje was part of the Batsch-Bodrog County within the Habsburg Kingdom of Hungary. After abolishment of the district (in 1848), its territory was incorporated into autonomous Serbian Vojvodina.
Municipalities.
The District included 14 municipalities:
In 1796, last four municipalities were excluded from the District and included into Military Frontier (Šajkaš Battalion).

</doc>
<doc id="5887017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887017" title="KVET">
KVET

KVET may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5887035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887035" title="Zapote LRT Station">
Zapote LRT Station

Zapote LRT Station is a proposed station on the Manila LRT (Line 1). It is part of the LRT Line 1 South Extension Project, also known as "LRT-6". The station would be the first LRT station outside Metro Manila, being located in Bacoor in Cavite. The station will be located near the Zapote (Bacoor/Las Piñas) Exit Ramp of Manila-Cavite Expressway in Barangay Zapote V (Longos) in Bacoor.
The LRT-1 plan calls for an almost entirely elevated elevated extension of approximately 11.7 km. The extension will have 8 passenger stations, with an option for 2 future stations (Manuyo Uno and Talaba), all intended to be constructed above-ground.
Nearby landmarks.
When the station is completed, it will be close to the Zapote trumpet interchange and Emilio Aguinaldo Monument at the end of Coastal Road. An LRT Satellite Depot is also planned near Longos Flyover, Zapote V (Longos) Barangay Hall and Bali Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="5887046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887046" title="Laekrits">
Laekrits

Laekrits, not to be confused with Laertes or lakrits (Swedish for liquorice), were milk chocolate oblate spheroid-shaped candies with hard licorice candy shells. Laekrits were produced by Cloetta USA Inc., a subsidiary of Cloetta.
They were originally introduced to the US market in 1998. The name was filed for trademark protection in 1995, the trademark was registered in 1997, and re-registration after 6 years did not take place, so the trademark protection lapsed in 2004, as the procedures for maintaining the rights did not take place.

</doc>
<doc id="5887073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887073" title="John F. Kennedy High School (Paterson, New Jersey)">
John F. Kennedy High School (Paterson, New Jersey)

John F. Kennedy Educational Complex (or John F Kennedy High School) is a four-year public high school in Paterson, New Jersey, United States, that serves the western section of Paterson. Kennedy High School, which serves grades 9 through 12, is a part of the Paterson Public Schools. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1928.
In 2011, the school was changed to theme schools, as part of a goal to give students a better choice in areas they wanted to pursue, with four smaller academies operating within the high school.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 2,058 students and 201.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.24:1. There were 1,456 students (70.7% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 85 (4.1% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
The school uses the Genesis school management system for tasks such as student attendance and grading, and full online grade access is available online.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 304th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 290th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 314th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 306th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 375th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2010-11 rankings which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the language arts literacy and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Demographics and achievement.
Kennedy High School is 54% Hispanic of various Latin American nationalities, 34% Black, 7% White American, and 5% Asian. 35% of the school speaks Spanish in their homes, 3% speak Bengali, 2% speak Arabic, 2% speak Turkish, 0.2% speak Italian and 0.1% speak Albanian. There are also limited English proficient students or LEPs who compose 11% of the school. Limited English Proficient students cannot speak, read, or write in English. 50% of the students participate in the free or reduced price lunch program. The average class size is 22 students, excluding special education. The school's ratio of computers to students is 7 to 1 meanwhile the state average is 4 to 1.
Based on data from the 2010 New Jersey School Report Card, on the Language Arts section of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA), 2010 graduates scored 43.3% proficient and 55.6% scored partial. On the Math section of the test, 28.5% scored proficient and 69.4% scored partial. The average SAT score is 1139 out of 2400. The Advanced Placement (AP) participation rate is 4.6%. The average attendance rate is 87.2%. As of the 2010 school year, Kennedy High School had a suspension rate of 47%. 71.1% of John F. Kennedy High School seniors graduated. Roughly 20.0% of the graduating seniors planned to go on to four-year colleges and another 49.3% of the graduating seniors go on to two year colleges.
The student to faculty ratio is 7.3 to 1. The faculty gets paid $56,733 a year while the state average is $61,840. The administrators get paid $108,105 as the state average is $117,895.
The school is in a “special needs” or one of the Abbott Districts. The district receives 82% of its budget from the state and spends an average of $16,575 per pupil.
The school is home to the JFK Robotics/College Prep Team. To join, one must have a GPA of 3.5; have a desire to go to college, be motivated and most of all respectful to teachers and fellow students, though less than 1% make it into the team. The sole purpose of the program designed by teachers and staff is to get every child to college. While its membership is limited to only high achievers in terms of grades and merit, the team recruits from every academy in the school. Numbering around 25 students the team is filled with children that are given extra educational work and enrichment programs to boost their chances in getting into college, with the opportunity to participate in Upward Bound programs, to college credit classes at Passaic County Community College.
Athletics.
The John F. Kennedy High School Knights compete in the Big North Conference, following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association. For the 2009-10 season, the school competed in the North Jersey Tri-County Conference, an interim conference established to facilitate realignment. Prior to that, the school had previously participated in Division C of the Northern New Jersey Interscholastic League (NNJIL), an athletic conference consisting of public and private high schools located in Bergen County and Passaic County. With 1,775 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2011-12 school year as North I, Group IV, a category that included schools with enrollment of 1,120 to 2,479.
The football team won the North I Group IV state sectional championships in 1987.
The girls basketball team won the 2001 North I, Group IV state sectional championship with a 61-50 win over Bayonne High School in the tournament final.
Kennedy plays an annual Thanksgiving Day football game against Eastside High School. The days leading up to said game, are filled with school spirit as the Knights and Ghosts prepare to face off. Not only do the football players practice, but so do the band, cheerleaders, and color guard of both schools. In 2011, Eastside won the 87th annual match-up between the two schools by a score of 17-12, evening the series at 40 wins, 40 losses and 7 ties.
The soccer team won the 1996 North I, Group IV state sectional championship against Wayne Hills High School 4-5 in penalty's and won the League and County following year.
Main administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:
Academy administration.
The academy programs offered (with their administration listed) are:
School of Architecture and Construction Trades (ACT): Pedro Valdes (Director), Florita Cotto (Supervisor), Dewitt Evering (Vice Principal)
School of Business, Technology, Marketing & Finance (BTMF): Pamela Powell (Director), Judith Rhodes (Supervisor), Sandra Martines-Preyor (Vice Principal)
School of Education and Training (SET): Mary Anne Perrotta (Director), Wendy Munoz (Supervisor), Nicolette Thompson (Vice Principal)
Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM): Michael McGinley (Director), Dante Petretti (Supervisor), Richard Hymson (Vice Principal)

</doc>
<doc id="5887076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887076" title="Clach a' Charridh">
Clach a' Charridh

The Clach a' Charridh or Shandwick Stone is a Class II Pictish stone located near Shandwick on the Tarbat peninsula in Easter Ross, Scotland. 
Carving.
It is a Class II stone, with the cross facing the seaward side, and the secular scene facing inland. The latter contains six panels, the first (from top to bottom) being a standard Pictish double-disc, the second being a Pictish Beast and the third being a possible hunting scene, with warriors depicted alongside an eagle, a boar, and various other creatures. The bottom three panels consist of woven patterns. The stone is now encased in a glass cover room.
History.
The Gaelic name ("Clach a’ Charaidh") means ‘stone of the grave-plots’. A burial ground here was recorded in 1889 as last used during the cholera epidemic of 1832 and ploughed under about 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="5887077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887077" title="Javier Urruticoechea">
Javier Urruticoechea

Francisco Javier González Urruticoechea (17 November 1952 – 24 May 2001), aka Urruti, was a Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
At FC Barcelona, a club known for goalkeepers like Franz Platko, Antoni Ramallets, Juan Velasco and Ricardo Zamora, he became a legend, playing 307 La Liga games over the course of 16 seasons and also representing in the competition Real Sociedad and Español.
Urruti represented Spain in three World Cups. In May 2001, he died in a road accident near Barcelona. An annual golf tournament, the "Trofeo Javier Urruti", is played in his honour.
Club career.
Born in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa, Urruti played as a junior with Lengokoak before joining Real Sociedad in 1969, spending three full years with the reserve team. For the next La Liga seasons, he maintained an interesting battle for first-choice status with legendary Luis Arconada.
After Arconada finally settled Urruti moved to RCD Español, where he won the "Don Balón" award in 1981 (Spanish Footballer of the Year), moving across the city after that campaign to join FC Barcelona.
In his third year Urruti won the Zamora Trophy, while playing in all the matches safe one. Alongside the likes of Steve Archibald and Bernd Schuster, he was a prominent member of the Catalonia team coached by Terry Venables that won the league in 1985 and then reached the final of the European Cup in the following year; on 25 March 1985, in a game against Real Valladolid, his penalty save against Mágico González effectively clinched the title.
During the second leg of the European Cup semi-final against IFK Göteborg, Urruti successfully protested to the referee about a conceded goal after he spotted the ball had gone out of play – Barcelona were trailing 0–3 from the first-leg and the decision kept them in the game. They eventually drew level and in the subsequent penalty shootout, he saved a crucial penalty and then scored one; the final against FC Steaua Bucureşti, however, was a major disappointment as, although he saved two shots in the shootout (after 0–0 in regulation), his Romanian counterpart, Helmuth Duckadam, stopped all four.
After Andoni Zubizarreta, another Basque, arrived from Athletic Bilbao in 1986, Urruti was pushed to the bench and only appeared in one league match in his final two seasons combined, later being the club's goalkeeper coach. On 24 May 2001, he died after his car hit the central barrier of a ring road in Esplugues de Llobregat, Barcelona, at just 48.
International career.
Urruti played five times for Spain in a two-year span, and was a member of the Spanish squads for the 1978, 1982 and 1986 FIFA World Cups, also being picked for UEFA Euro 1980. His debut came in a friendly with Norway on 29 March 1978, in Gijón; however, his struggles at the club level translated to the international front, as he was never able to replace fellow Basques Arconada and Zubizarreta. 
Urruti also gained two caps for the Basque Country national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="5887080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887080" title="Bowden Wyatt">
Bowden Wyatt

Clarence Bowden Wyatt (October 4, 1917 – January 21, 1969) was an American football player and coach. Wyatt played college football at the University of Tennessee and was later the head football coach at three schools, the University of Wyoming (1947–1952), the University of Arkansas (1953–1954), and his alma mater, Tennessee (1955–1962). He compiled a 99–56–5 record in 16 seasons as a head coach.
Wyatt's most notable victory at Tennessee came on November 7, 1959, when his Tennessee Volunteers football Volunteers upset top-ranked LSU, 14–13, by stopping a two-point conversion attempt by eventual Heisman Trophy winner Billy Cannon late in the game. The victory ended the Tigers' 18-game winning streak.
Wyatt was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1972 as a player and again in 1997 as a coach.
Wyatt married Mary Alson Miller in about 1940, and they had one daughter named Mary Gail "Missy" in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="5887084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887084" title="Jonah Hill">
Jonah Hill

Jonah Hill Feldstein (born December 20, 1983), better known as Jonah Hill, is an American actor, producer, screenwriter, comedian, and voice actor. He is a two-time Academy Award nominee, for his performances in the films "Moneyball" (2011) and "The Wolf of Wall Street" (2013). He is also known for his roles in "Superbad" (2007), "Knocked Up" (2007), "Funny People" (2009), "Get Him to the Greek" (2010), "21 Jump Street" (2012), and "This Is the End" (2013), as well as for his voice role in "How to Train Your Dragon" (2010).
Early life.
Hill was born in Los Angeles, the son of Sharon Lyn (née Chalkin), a costume designer and fashion stylist, and Richard Feldstein, a tour accountant for Guns N' Roses. Hill has a brother, Jordan Feldstein, who is six years older. Hill was raised Jewish. His parents were originally from Long Island, New York, and the family vacationed in the Catskills. He attended The Center for Early Education, Brentwood School, and then Crossroads School, in Santa Monica. After graduating from high school, Hill attended Bard College and The New School.
Career.
In college, Hill began writing his own plays and performing them in the "Black and White" bar in the East Village neighborhood of New York City. His plays developed a small following and helped him realize that his true desire was to act in films. Hill was befriended by Dustin Hoffman's children, Rebecca and Jake, who introduced Hill to their father. The elder Hoffman asked him to audition for a role in "I Heart Huckabees", in which Hill made his film debut.
Hill then made a brief appearance in Judd Apatow's directorial debut "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", which eventually led to him starring in a larger supporting role in the Apatow-directed "Knocked Up", the role of a virgin video game tester in the comedy "Grandma's Boy", an uncredited role of Dewey Cox's grown-up brother Nate Cox in "", and leading roles in the Apatow-produced "Superbad" and "Get Him to the Greek". On television, Hill played the "RA Guy" on the first season of the Oxygen Network sitcom "Campus Ladies". He guest-starred in an episode of "Clark and Michael".
He was scheduled to host "Saturday Night Live" on November 17, 2007, which would have featured musical guest Kid Rock, but the episode was canceled due to the Writers Guild of America strike, which took place between November 5, 2007 and February 12, 2008. Instead, he hosted the March 15, 2008, show, which featured musical guest Mariah Carey (who replaced the originally scheduled musical guest Janet Jackson). He guest-starred in an of "Reno 911!" which aired on April 1, 2009.
Hill was in negotiations for a part in "" as Sam Witwicky's sidekick, but this did not go through. He next starred in Judd Apatow's third directorial feature, "Funny People", which also starred Adam Sandler, Eric Bana and Seth Rogen. He was an associate producer of the 2009 Sacha Baron Cohen mockumentary "Brüno". He guest starred on an episode of "The Simpsons" called "Pranks and Greens", portraying an immature man named Andy Hamilton who was hailed the best prankster in Springfield Elementary School history.
In July 2011, Hill appeared at ESPN's ESPY awards sporting a much slimmer physique. He stated he had lost 40 pounds. In November 2011, Hill, along with Sam Worthington and Dwight Howard, starred in commercials for the video game "", making his first appearance with his new look.
Hill received a Golden Globe nomination, his first nomination, for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture for his performance in the 2011 sports film "Moneyball", in which he portrayed his first dramatic role as Peter Brand. In late January 2012, Hill received his first Oscar nomination for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his role in "Moneyball". In 2012, Hill co-starred with Channing Tatum in the film "21 Jump Street", and with Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn in the film "The Watch". In 2011, it was announced that Hill was in talks to appear in Quentin Tarantino's film "Django Unchained". Hill almost had to decline a possible role due to his prior commitment to "The Watch", lamenting that to act in a Tarantino movie was "the perfect next step" in his career. Hill later rejoined "Django Unchained", which was released in 2012. He was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in June 2012 along with 175 other individuals.
In 2013, Hill appeared in "This is the End" and the film, "The Wolf of Wall Street". Hill was nominated for his second Academy Award for his work in the latter film. In an interview with Howard Stern on January 21, 2014, Hill said he earned $60,000 for his role in "The Wolf of Wall Street". Hill told Stern he didn’t mind the pay because he “would have done anything in the world” for a role in a Scorsese film.
Writing.
Hill has wanted to be a writer since he was young, dreaming of someday joining the writing teams of "The Simpsons", "Saturday Night Live" and "The Larry Sanders Show". At one point, Hill was writing a screenplay with close friend and "I Heart Huckabees" co-star Jason Schwartzman. At another, he was writing "Pure Imagination", a comedy for Sony about a man who develops an imaginary friend after a traumatic experience. Filming was expected to begin in 2008, but it has been in development since then. Hill was a co-producer on the movie "Brüno", and did some writing for Sacha Baron Cohen, who "taught him how to become a better writer". Hill co-wrote the treatment for the 2012 film "21 Jump Street" with screenwriter Michael Bacall, as well as its 2014 sequel.

</doc>
<doc id="5887088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887088" title="Ray Castoldi">
Ray Castoldi

Ray Castoldi has been the organist at Madison Square Garden since 1989. During the summer, when the New York Rangers and New York Knicks are spending their offseasons, Castoldi can be heard at the organ at New York Mets games at Citi Field (and previously Shea Stadium). Because of this, he is the only person to play for the Mets, Rangers and Knicks in the same season. (Similarly Gladys Gooding had played organ for the Brooklyn Dodgers, the Knicks and Rangers in the same year; likewise Eddie Layton and Jack Shaindlin played for the New York Yankees, Knicks and Rangers in the same season.)
Castoldi has played the organ at the 1994 NBA Finals, 1994 Stanley Cup Finals, 1994 NHL All-Star Game, and 1998 NBA All-Star Game, all of which were played at Madison Square Garden. He also played during the 2000 World Series, played at Shea Stadium, and the 2013 MLB All-Star Game at Citi Field. He was also a music director for the ice hockey competition at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy. He has also played for many other events such as several Pro Bowls, several NHL All-Star Games, and several Winter Olympic Hockey games.
Castoldi has contributed to the Jock Jams and Jock Rock series of albums, as well as Hallmark Cards. 
Castoldi also wrote Slapshot, the song that is played after the Rangers score a goal at Madison Square Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="5887092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887092" title="Llanelli Town Council">
Llanelli Town Council

Llanelli Town Council (Welsh - Cyngor Tref Llanelli) is the community council that governs the majority of wards in Llanelli town. The council appoints a presiding officer who is then known as the "Mayor of Llanelli".
Some wards of Llanelli town are governed on a community level by Llanelli Rural Council, even though they are part of the urban area.
The motto, seen in the coat of arms says "Cyfoeth Cymdeithas: Cymuned", which translates as "A society's wealth is its community".
Current composition.
The current mayor is Cllr. Winston Lemon.

</doc>
<doc id="5887093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887093" title="KOKE (AM)">
KOKE (AM)

KOKE is an Austin, Texas radio station, operating at 1600 kHz, licensed to Pflugerville, Texas, and is owned by Encino Broadcasting LLC. The station currently airs a Regional Mexican format.
Overview.
KOKE was purchased by Encino Broadcasting LLC, along with KELG and KTXZ on September 24, 2007.
The station was originally licensed as KVYK until June 16, 1995 when the callsign was changed to 
KOKE.
From 2004 to 2007 the station was owned by Border Media Partners and served as a liberal talk radio station and Air America Radio affiliate.

</doc>
<doc id="5887103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887103" title="Stephen Ministries">
Stephen Ministries

Stephen Ministries (or Stephen Ministries St. Louis) is an independent, not-for-profit Christian educational organization, founded in 1975 by and based in St. Louis, Missouri. The organization was founded by Rev. Kenneth C. Haugk Ph.D. and is best known for the Stephen Series, the one-to-one lay caring ministry that takes place in congregations that use the Stephen Series system. 
The organization draws its name from St. Stephen. In the book of Acts, Chapter 6, Stephen was chosen to provide caring ministry to those in need. Since the days of the Apostles, caring ministry has been a hallmark of the Christian faith community—and is at the heart of Stephen Ministry.
Congregations using the Stephen Series equip and empower lay caregivers—called Stephen Ministers—to provide high-quality, confidential, Christ-centered care to people who are hurting. More than 11,000 congregations from 160 Christian denominations are now involved, and are located in the U.S., Canada, and 24 other countries. 
In addition to the Stephen Series, Stephen Ministries St. Louis also offers many other resources, such as adult education courses and books on assertiveness, grief, spiritual gifts discovery, and more.
The Stephen Ministries staff consists of a team of 40 people—pastors and laity—from a variety of denominational backgrounds, committed to serving God and equipping God’s people for ministry.
The mission of the Stephen Ministries organization is summed up in St. Paul’s letter to the Ephesians.
“To equip the saints for the work of ministry, for building up the body of Christ, until all of us come to the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God, to maturity, to the measure of the full stature of Christ” (Ephesians 4:12–13).

</doc>
<doc id="5887114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887114" title="Blaine McCallister">
Blaine McCallister

Blaine McCallister (born October 17, 1958) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour, Nationwide Tour and Champions Tour.
McCallister was born in Fort Stockton, Texas. He attended the University of Houston and was a member of the golf team. His college roommates were future fellow professional golfer Fred Couples and future CBS Sports golf host Jim Nantz. McCallister turned pro in 1981.
McCallister joined the PGA Tour in 1982. He had a total of five wins on the PGA Tour, all of which came in the late 1980s and early 1990s. As he entered his forties, McCallister began to split his playing time between the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour. He established the tournament record of 265 at the Northeast Pennsylvania Classic, which is his sole win on the Nationwide Tour.
After turning 50 in October 2008, McCallister began playing on the Champions Tour.
McCallister is naturally left-handed but plays the game mix-handed; he writes left-handed, strikes the ball right-handed and putts left-handed. He lives in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida.
Professional wins (7).
PGA Tour (5).
PGA Tour playoff record (1–1)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5887115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887115" title="KNLE-FM">
KNLE-FM

KNLE-FM (88.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Round Rock, Texas, USA, the station serves the Austin area. The station is currently owned by Ixoye Productions, Inc. and is a listener-supported station.
History.
The station went on the air as KHCS-FM on 1981-08-06. on 1987-01-07, the station changed its call sign to the current KNLE. 

</doc>
<doc id="5887121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887121" title="KAZI">
KAZI

KAZI (88.7 FM) is a listener-supported, non-commercial urban contemporary community radio station in Austin, Texas. A transmitter site is located in Southwest Austin and the station has studios in Northeast Austin.
KAZI went on the air in August 1982 as a community radio station in Austin serving the African American community of the city and its surrounding areas. The station features an urban contemporary format and plays numerous styles of music such as R&B, Hip Hop, Gospel, Blues, Soul, Reggae, and Jazzalso provides educational programming, community information, and independent news.

</doc>
<doc id="5887125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887125" title="KMFA">
KMFA

KMFA FM 89.5 is an Austin, Texas non-profit, listener-supported radio station playing classical music and licensed in Austin, Texas with an effective radiated power of 40,000 watts. It is currently under ownership of Capitol Broadcasting Association. The broadcast schedule consists of playlists announced by local hosts, as well as nationally syndicated broadcasts, including those from the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, the Metropolitan Opera during its season, and the Radio Netherlands "Live! at the Concertgebouw" series. On the weekends, the NPR program From the Top, showcasing young classical musicians, is heard on KMFA, as well as a program of classical music from the School of Music at the University of Texas-Austin. During the overnight hours (generally 10 PM to 6 AM), the "Music Through the Night" service from Public Radio International is heard.
History.
At 1:00pm CST, January 29, 1967 KMFA signed on the air with Gioachino Rossini's "William Tell Overture".

</doc>
<doc id="5887128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887128" title="The Best Bad Thing">
The Best Bad Thing

The Best Bad Thing was originally a book authored by Yoshiko Uchida. A screenplay was developed and a film released in 1997. The story is set on the U.S. west coast during 1935 when the U.S. economy was still recovering from the effects of the Great Depression. It opens in a city, then moves to a rural Cucumber farm, where the majority of the action takes place. The farm is described as along California's central coast.
Beginning of plot.
Most U.S. schools close during the summer, a throw-back to the days when children were needed to help with the annual harvest of crops. The story centers on the life of a twelve-year-old female character named Rinko Tsujimura who is sent from her parents' home, (in an unnamed California city,) for a character-building stay on an aunt's rural farm. Rinko, who is out of school for the summer, is sent to the farm for a month. She wants to stay in her home town with her school friend.
Book.
The book was first published in 1983 with a second publication by Aladdin Books of New York during 1986, ( ISBN 0-689-71069-0 ).
Feature film (1997).
The 89-minute feature film is billed as a Cinar production in association with the Japanese television network NHK and Pittsburgh Public Television station WQED.
Dialog is English with about 30 seconds of the film in spoken Japanese. There are no subtitles but the context is sufficient for those who do not speak Japanese to understand and follow the plot. The film was shot in Quebec, Canada. People involved in the production include:
'Executive Producers:' Madeline A. Charest, Ronald A. Weinberg, Donna Mitroff, Yoshiki Nishimura.
'Directed by:' Peter Rowe
'Producer:' Patricia Laroie

</doc>
<doc id="5887152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887152" title="881 (number)">
881 (number)

The number sequence 881 is...

</doc>
<doc id="5887157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887157" title="1965–66 Intertoto Cup">
1965–66 Intertoto Cup

The 1965–66 Intertoto Cup was won by Lokomotive Leipzig, who had lost the previous season's final (under their previous name of SC Leipzig). They defeated IFK Norrköping. After experimenting with twelve groups totalling 48 clubs for two years (although latterly only 44 clubs were recruited to fill eleven groups), the competition returned to its original format with 32 clubs divided into eight groups. As a result, the clubs went straight to the Quarter-finals after the Group Stage, while in previous seasons a First Round had also been required.
Group stage.
The teams were divided into eight groups of four clubs each. Clubs from the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland and West Germany were placed in 'A' groups; while clubs from Czechoslovakia, East Germany, Poland and Yugoslavia were placed in 'B' groups. The eight group winners advanced to the knock-out rounds.
Quarter-finals.
1 Chemie Leipzig progressed to the Semi-finals on a coin toss.
The Chemie Leipzig v Rostock match has also been reported as 3–2, but was officially recorded as 4–3.
Semi-finals.
1 Norrköping progressed to the Final on a coin toss.

</doc>
<doc id="5887169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887169" title="Otto Klum">
Otto Klum

Otto "Proc" Klum (October 17, 1892 – September 24, 1944) was an American football and basketball coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Hawaii from 1921 to 1939. Klum is the most successful coach in Hawaii football history having compiled a career record of 84–51–7. His 1925 team went 10–0. Klum was also the head basketball coach at Hawaii for two seasons from 1921 to 1923, tallying a mark of 13–8.
Klum was notorious for running up the score. In the 1926 season, his team scored more than 100 points twice. His teams also scored more than 80 points in two other games in 1923 and 1925.
Klum died on September 24, 1944, of a heart attack near Ashland, Oregon. He was born near Ashland on October 17, 1892.
Klum Gym, on the University of Hawaii's Manoa campus, is named after the former coach. Klum is an inductee of the Hawaii Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5887188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887188" title="Buttrey Food &amp; Drug">
Buttrey Food &amp; Drug

Buttrey Food & Drug was a chain of grocery stores founded in Havre, Montana and formerly headquartered in Great Falls, Montana. The company was founded in 1896 as a chain of department stores branded Buttrey Department Store. The company opened grocery stores in 1935 and sold off its department store division following a 1966 acquisition by grocery company The Jewel Companies, Inc. Jewel was sold to American Stores in 1984 and Buttrey was sold off as separate company in 1990. The company was sold to its main competitor, Boise, Idaho based Albertsons, in January 1998 and the Buttrey name was retired. At that time, Buttrey was operating 44 stores in Montana, Wyoming, and North Dakota with a revenue of US$391.4 million. As of today, most former Buttrey stores continue to operate under the Albertsons banner.
History.
Founding.
The history of Buttrey can be traced back to 1896 when Frank A. Buttrey opened The Fair Store, a department store, in Aldridge, Montana. He later moved and opened a store in what became Chimney Creek, Montana, and then opened The Fair Store in Havre, Montana, in 1902. Buttrey's original store was destroyed by fire in 1904 which forced him to rebuild. Buttrey rebuilt his store and renamed it Buttrey Department Store. In 1935, Buttrey began operating Buttrey grocery stores and the Buttrey chain became the market leader in Montana, serving some of the state's smallest and biggest towns. In 1949, the company suffered a major loss when Frank Buttrey died. During the 1960s, Buttrey expanded the department store chain into suburban shopping malls under the Buttrey's Suburban name while expanding the Buttrey Foods chain into out of state markets, beginning with Idaho in 1962. Buttrey Foods was sold to Chicago, Illinois based The Jewel Companies, Inc. in 1966. The Buttrey's Suburban stores were not acquired by Jewel and would eventually close in the 1980s. 
Following the acquisition by Jewel, most Buttrey stores were remodeled into Buttrey-Osco stores, which combined the products sold by Buttrey and Osco Drug. The new stores included common checkout stands but separate store management, all under one roof. Soon after, Jewel Companies financed a far-flung expansion plan which added Buttrey stores to several new markets. In 1981, Buttrey operated 53 stores in Montana, North Dakota, Minnesota, Wyoming, Washington, Oregon, and Idaho.
Sale to American Stores and Albertsons.
In June 1984, American Stores made a bid to acquire the Jewel Companies, Inc. Jewel initially refused the offer but eventually agreed and American Stores became the new owner of Buttrey. In 1985, American Stores dropped the Buttrey-Osco name and replaced it with the Buttrey Food & Drug brand. American Stores also merged Buttrey's Great Falls, Montana management with the company's Skaggs-Alpha Beta stores based in Salt Lake City, Utah. American put Buttrey and Philadelphia-based supermarket chain Acme on the market soon after acquiring Jewel, to raise money to pay down American's staggering debt load from the Jewel acquisition. Neither chain received an acceptable offer, so American continued to operate them, but did not invest heavily in remodeling or new construction.
In July 1987, Buttrey closed seven stores in Idaho, which included all locations in Boise and Pocatello. Three of the five Boise stores were sold to Albertsons. In September 1987, Skaggs Alpha-Beta was reorganized into Alpha-Beta Stores, Inc., which included relocating Buttrey's headquarters back to Great Falls in a newly formed division of Alpha-Beta. 
American Stores put Buttrey up for sale in May 1990 and, during August, sold it to an investment group led by Buttrey's management and Freeman Spogli & Co.. American Stores received US$184 million from proceeds of the sale and other agreements. At the time of the sale, Buttrey had operated 44 stores and employed 4,200 workers in Idaho, Montana, North Dakota, Washington, and Wyoming. By 1994, Buttrey had closed its remaining Idaho and Washington stores to focus on its core markets of Montana, Wyoming, and North Dakota. 
In response to increasing competition from retailers such as Costco Wholesale and Walmart entering into Buttrey's core markets, in November 1995, the chain launched the Buttrey Big Fresh concept to increase traffic in Buttrey stores. The first Big Fresh, a remodeled Buttrey in Great Falls, featured several expanded food departments and a Buttrey Food Court, which featured a coffee and espresso bar, and a selection of small restaurants. Several more Big Fresh stores were opened during 1996 and 1997. 
In January 1998, Albertsons announced its intentions to acquire Buttrey Food & Drug for US$134 million. Albertsons' acquisition of Buttrey was completed in October 1998 and 29 former Buttrey stores were reopened as Albertsons. 15 Buttrey and Albertsons stores were sold to Fred Meyer and SuperValu to address anti-trust concerns. At the time of the sale, Buttrey was operating 44 stores in Montana, North Dakota, and Wyoming under the Buttrey Food & Drug, Buttrey Big Fresh, and Buttrey Fresh Foods banners. Shortly after acquiring Buttrey, Albertsons purchased American Stores, Buttrey's owner from 1984 to 1990, for US$8 billion.
Incidents.
In July 1985, an Anaconda, Montana woman opened a frozen broccoli dinner and discovered a live bomb in the packaging. Police were called and the woman claimed she purchased the frozen dinner at a Buttrey store four months prior. All of Anaconda's grocery retailers were ordered to check for similar packages, however, no other bombs were found.
In July 1987, in an angered response to the sale of Buttrey's Boise, Idaho stores to major competitor Albertsons, an anonymous Boise woman placed a phone call to Norm Seymour, Buttrey's loss prevention officer, claiming her husband placed bombs in five Buttrey stores across Boise. Seymour contacted police and ordered store managers to evacuate all Buttrey stores in Boise. Police and sheriff deputies searched the stores, but nothing was found and the stores reopened shortly after.

</doc>
<doc id="5887196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887196" title="Wilson Benge">
Wilson Benge

George Frederick "Wilson" Benge (1 March 1875 – 1 July 1955) was an English actor who mostly featured in American films from the silent days.
Along with actors Charles Coleman and Robert Greig,
Benge was heavily typecast as butler or valet and was one of Hollywood's most familiar manservants in the 1930s and 1940s. He also appeared in several Laurel and Hardy comedies. He worked in films right up to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="5887200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887200" title="Buck Meadows, California">
Buck Meadows, California

Buck Meadows (formerly, Hamilton's and Hamilton's Station) is a census-designated place in Mariposa County, California. It is located east-northeast of Smith Peak, at an elevation of 3015 feet (919 m). The population was 31 at the 2010 census.
Buck Meadows lies just south of the Tuolumne County line. It is on State Route 120 east of Groveland. The current population, as listed on the sign, is 50. The ZIP Code for this community is shared with Groveland: 95321 and wired telephones work out of Groveland's telephone exchange with numbers following the format (209) 962-xxxx. The official U.S. Geological Survey coordinates for the community are .
The area is named for Buck's Meadow which lies at the corner of SR120 and Smith Station Road. According to "The Big Oak Flat Road", a variant name for the area was Hamilton's Station. This may have referred to the name of a stagecoach stop.
Further east, visitors on hot summer days can cool off at a Stanislaus National Forest picnic area called "Rainbow Pool". The area is on the south side of SR120 2.25 miles east of U.S.F.S. Buck Meadows Fire Station.
This community is home to Buck Meadows Restaurant on SR120. Southwest of town, the U.S. Forest Service, Stanislaus National Forest fire lookout at Smith Peak overlooks the area. A U.S.F.S. campground and fire station are also present in the community. The Pines campground is located at .
History.
Buck Meadows started as a stage stop called Hamilton's established by Alva Hamilton in the 1870s. A post office operated at Buck Meadows from 1915 to 1925.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers , all land.
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Buck Meadows has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csa" on climate maps.
Demographics.
The 2010 United States Census reported that Buck Meadows had a population of 31. The population density was 17.8 people per square mile (6.9/km²). The racial makeup of Buck Meadows was 23 (74.2%) White, 0 (0.0%) African American, 0 (0.0%) Native American, 0 (0.0%) Asian, 0 (0.0%) Pacific Islander, 5 (16.1%) from other races, and 3 (9.7%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7 persons (22.6%).
The Census reported that 31 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 15 households, out of which 2 (13.3%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 6 (40.0%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 0 (0%) had a female householder with no husband present, 1 (6.7%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 0 (0%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 0 (0%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 8 households (53.3%) were made up of individuals and 4 (26.7%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.07. There were 7 families (46.7% of all households); the average family size was 3.29.
The population was spread out with 7 people (22.6%) under the age of 18, 0 people (0%) aged 18 to 24, 9 people (29.0%) aged 25 to 44, 8 people (25.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 7 people (22.6%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44.5 years. For every 100 females there were 210.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 200.0 males.
There were 37 housing units at an average density of 21.2 per square mile (8.2/km²), of which 4 (26.7%) were owner-occupied, and 11 (73.3%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0%; the rental vacancy rate was 63.3%. 5 people (16.1% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 26 people (83.9%) lived in rental housing units.
Politics.
In the state legislature Buck Meadows is located in the 14th Senate District, represented by Republican Tom Berryhill, and in the 25th Assembly District, represented by Republican Kristin Olsen. Federally, Buck Meadows is located in California's 19th congressional district, which has a Cook PVI of R +10 and is represented by Republican Jeff Denham.

</doc>
<doc id="5887216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887216" title="Pierrepont School (Westport, CT)">
Pierrepont School (Westport, CT)

Pierrepont School is a small, independent, co-educational elementary and high school based in Westport, Connecticut. Founded in 1999, the school moved into its current building on Sylvan Road in the fall of 2002. The school enrolls students from kindergarten through high school ages. 
The faculty currently consists of thirty-one full and part-time teachers, offering a student to faculty ratio of less than three to one. Classes, therefore, are small, and student schedules are individualized. Senior faculty members typically have post-graduate degrees from leading universities and are professionally active in their fields. The school seeks and supports teachers who bring into the classroom the same passion and rigor they bring to the study of their own discipline. 
Pierrepont seeks students who are academically motivated and engaged and who can participate successfully in a demanding curriculum. Chronological age serves as a tentative guide for placement that is answerable to the variegations in academic skills, needs and maturity among children. The schedule allows for individualized placement as students are departmentalized from the earliest ages. As a result, even the youngest students have classes with teachers who are specialists in their disciplines, although they also spend significant time in a homeroom under the care of a master teacher and an associate teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="5887225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887225" title="Clay Stapleton">
Clay Stapleton

Clayton Stapleton (born c. 1921) is a former American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He was the 23rd head football coach for the Iowa State University Cyclones located in Ames, Iowa and he held that position for ten seasons, from 1958 until 1967. His career coaching record at Iowa state was 42 wins, 53 losses, and 4 ties. This ranks him second at Iowa state in total wins and 17th at Iowa state in winning percentage.
Stapleton was known for his single-wing offense, and notorious for punting on third down. He also served as Iowa State's athletic director following his coaching stint.
On September 9, 2006 Stapleton was inducted into the Iowa State Athletics Hall of Fame with fellow alumni Beth Bader, Jon Brown, John Crawford, Barry Hill, Russ Hoffman, Jerry McNertney, Hugo Otopalik, Keith Sims, and Winnifred Tilden.
Stapleton played collegiately at the University of Tennessee for Robert Neyland.

</doc>
<doc id="5887233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887233" title="Como Park Senior High School">
Como Park Senior High School

Como Park Senior High School (CPSHS or commonly known as CPHS) is a public high school located in the Lake Como area of Saint Paul, Minnesota, serving grades nine through twelve. Along with six other public high schools, Como Park comprises the Saint Paul Public Schools. "Newsweek" ranked the school in their "List of the Top High Schools in America" for the fourth time in five years (2006, 2007, 2009, and 2010).
History.
Originally opened in 1957, Como Park Junior High School was converted into a senior high school in the fall of 1979, accepting students from the just closed Washington and Murray High Schools, both of which became junior highs that same year. The school originally began with only three classes - sophomores, juniors, and seniors. The freshmen class was added in 1980. Construction was not completed when the school year began.
Education.
Como Park's average score on the ACT exam was 21.2 compared to a state average of 22.6 and a national average of 21.1. 51.56% of students were considered proficient in reading while 22.08% were proficient in math. The school is currently meeting 83.9% of the Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) requirements but is not meeting AYP due to low proficiency in mathematics. Como Park has an AYP graduation rate of 96%.
Enrollment.
Como Park is the fourth largest high school in the Saint Paul Public Schools district with 1474 students attending in the 2007-2008 school year. The plurality of students identified as Caucasian, with 32%, while students identifying as Asian and Black composed 31% and 28% of the student body respectively. Finally, 8% of students identified as Hispanic and 1% American Indian. A little more than half, 65%, qualified for Free and Reduced Price Lunch, a measure of poverty. 35% of students have limited English Proficiency and 15% qualify for special education.
Classes.
Como Park offers classes for students hoping to excel in their studies, through Advanced Placement (AP) and CIS classes. In AP classes, students are given the opportunity to take the AP Exam in May to possibly earn college credit. College in the Schools (CIS) classes are vigorous classes similar to AP classes, however they are based on actual University of Minnesota curriculum. The classes are college-oriented and passing the class with a C or above allows students to earn college credit which can be transferred to the college of their choice. There currently are only two CIS classes offered at Como Park: English (which encompasses of Literature (Intro to Literature) first semester and Composition (University Writing) second semester) and French. Como Park also offers various electives students can choose from. There are over 40 electives available.
AP Classes.
Current AP classes offered to students:
Physics C was removed from the 2008-2009 school year curriculum due to very few students signing up for it, but it was reinstated in the 2009-2010 school year curriculum.
Clubs and Sports.
Clubs.
Como Park Senior High School has several student-organized and teacher-supervised student groups:
Anime Club,
Asian Club,
Chess Club,
Cricket Club (CCC),
Dance Team,
Debate Team,
Environmental Club, 
French Club,
Fresh Force,
Gay Straight Alliance,
Hmong Woman's Circle,
Latino Club,
Math Team,
Peer Mediation,
Peer Mentoring, 
Robotics Club,
Spanish Club,
Speech Team,
Student Government,
Ultimate Frisbee: CAU (Open) & Aurora (Girls),
Yearbook Group,
Young Democrats,
Young Republicans.
Sports.
Cougar athletic programs compete in Class AAAA of the Minnesota State High School League.
Fall Sports:<br>
Boys': Cross-Country, Football, Soccer<br>
Girls': Cross-Country, Soccer, Swimming, Tennis, Volleyball
Winter Sports:<br>
Boys': Basketball, Hockey, Nordic Skiing, Swimming, Wrestling<br>
Girls: Basketball, Gymnastics, Hockey, Nordic Skiing
Spring Sports:<br>
Boys': Baseball, Golf, Tennis, Track & Field<br>
Girls': Badminton, Golf, Softball, Track & Field
State Championships.
The Boys Basketball team won Section Championships in 2003 and 2008. In 2003, Como Park took 3rd Place in the Class AAAA State Tournament. In 2008, Como lost in the Quarterfinal game of the Class AAAA State Tournament.
The Boys Soccer team won Sectionals Championships in 2012 and 2013. In 2013, Como Park Defeated Hill-Murray in the Class A State Championship game.

</doc>
<doc id="5887241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887241" title="Crime family">
Crime family

A crime family is a unit of an organized crime syndicate, particularly the Mafia (both in Sicily and in the United States), often operating within a specific geographic territory.
Origins.
The origins of the term come from the Sicilian Mafia. In the Sicilian dialect, the word "cosca", which literally translates into "artichoke" (a vegetable whose multiple layers surround and protect a vital core), is also used for "clan". In the early days of the Mafia, loose groups of bandits organized themselves into associations that over time became more organized, and they adopted the term based on both of its meanings.
As the Mafia was imported into the United States in the late 19th century, the English translation of the word "cosca" was more at "clan" or "family".
The term can be a point of confusion, especially in popular culture and Hollywood, because in the truest sense, crime families are not necessarily blood families who happen to be involved in criminal activity, and not necessarily based on blood relationships. In Sicily and America, most Mafia bosses are not related to their predecessors. Films like "The Godfather" underscore this confusion.
It can further be speculated that the Mafia was simply emulating, to a certain degree, a more medieval order in which a noble family would more or less serve as the power in a local village, in a sort of inverted hacienda culture.
The Calabrian '"Ndrangheta" is, however, purported to be organized along familial lines.
Nevertheless, the term stuck, both in the minds of popular culture as well as the national law enforcement community, and eventually began to be used to describe individual units of not only Sicilian gangsters, but those whose origins lie in other parts of Italy (e.g., the aforementioned '"Ndrangheta", the Neapolitan "Camorra", the Apulian "Sacra Corona Unita", etc.). Indeed, the "family" mystique is to such a great degree that in the late 1990s, after many Camorra leaders were imprisoned during a large-scale crackdown in Naples, many of their wives, girlfriends, daughters, and even mothers took temporary control of their gangs, in a widespread phenomenon of Camorra "godmothers".
Sometimes the term is used to describe distinct units of crime syndicates of other ethnic and national origin, such as the Irish Mob, Japanese "Yakuza", Chinese "Tongs" and "Triads", Colombian and Mexican "drug cartels", Chechen mafia, Russian Mafia, the "Thief in law" and Eastern European families (it should be noted here that some of these entities, like the 'Ndrangheta, may also be organized along blood-family lines).
American Mafia crime families.
North America.
There are many crime families that make up the American Mafia, ranging from giant powers with international influence like the Outfit and the Five Families of New York to small groups with only about 30–50 made members.
The Chicago Outfit, too, has been the subject of numerous portrayals in pop culture, including the TV show "The Untouchables", its Academy Award-winning film adaptation, and the films "Casino", "Scarface", and "Road to Perdition".
Over the years, the New York Mafia has been the focus of many of the more prominent pop culture representations of the Mafia. Such films as "Goodfellas", "The Godfather" trilogy, "Donnie Brasco", and "Little Caesar" have been set in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5887247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887247" title="SS City of New York">
SS City of New York

City of New York was a British built passenger liner of the Inman Line that was designed to be the largest and fastest liner on the Atlantic. When she entered service in August 1888, she was the first twin screw express liner and while she did not achieve the westbound Blue Riband, she ultimately held the eastbound record from August 1892 to May 1893 at a speed of 20.11 knots. "City of New York", and her sister "City of Paris" are considered especially beautiful ships and throughout their careers were rivals to the White Star "Teutonic" and "Majestic". In February 1893, the Inman Line was merged into the American Line and by act of Congress, the renamed "New York" was transferred to the US flag. Beginning in the mid-1890s, "New York" and "Paris" were paired with "St Louis" and "St Paul" to form one of the premier Atlantic services. "New York" continued with the American Line until 1920 and was broken for scrap in 1923. She served the US Navy as "Harvard" during the Spanish American War and "Plattsburg" in World War I. She is also remembered for nearly colliding with the RMS "Titanic" as the latter ship began her doomed maiden voyage in 1912.
Development and design.
When International Navigation Company purchased the Inman Line in 1886, the fleet needed new units to revive the line's fortunes against the Cunard Line and White Star. International Navigation's Vice President, Clement Griscom immediately sailed to Liverpool with a commitment from the Pennsylvania Railroad to provide $2 million in capital towards the building of a new ship. Shipbuilders in Scotland were experiencing a recession at the time and offered to deliver two ships at $1,850,000 per unit. The Pennsylvania Railroad agreed to underwrite the additional capital and the contracts were signed for "City of New York" and her sister, "City of Paris".
When designing the new liners, the lessons of the "City of Rome" fiasco were recalled. The original design called two ships of 8,500 GRT that were only slightly bigger than "City of Rome", but with steel hulls and twin screws. Because powerful single screw liners were prone to shaft failure, they carried extensive rigging for sails. Twin screws rendered this extra rigging unnecessary. Starting in 1866, a few twin screw ships sailed the Atlantic, but the new Inman ships were the first twin screw express liners.
While size was increased by almost 25% to 10,500 GRT in the final design, the plan retained "City of Rome's" classic clipper bow and three raked funnels. "City of New York" even had a figurehead of a female figure carved by sculptor James Allan. To address the vibration problems of most liners of the period, the new Inman liners were given a ratio of length to beam of 8.3 to 1 as compared to the then common ratio of 10 to 1. The hull was more extensively subdivided than previously attempted. The ships were equipped with a full double bottom and 15 transverse bulkheads that reached the saloon deck. They also received a fore-aft bulkhead over their entire length. Each ship had two triple expansion engines, of 9,000 indicated horsepower each that were placed in separate compartments. While the engines for the sisters were identical, "City of Paris" produced 1,500 more horsepower than "City of New York".
"City of New York" was designed for 540 first, 200 second and 1,000 steerage passengers. Her quarters were fitted with running hot and cold water, electric ventilation, and electric lighting. Her first class public rooms, such as library and smoking room, were fitted with walnut panels and her dining salon came with a massive dome that provided a natural light to the passengers.
Service history.
On March 15, 1888, "City of New York" was christened by Lady Randolph Churchill. That August, she entered service but while achieving respectable crossings, she was unable to produce records. Her sister, "City of Paris" entered service in April 1889 and took the westbound Blue Riband a month later. That August, White Star commissioned the twin screw "Teutonic" followed the next year by "Majestic" and the Inman and White Star pairs took turns bettering each other's times. While "City of Paris" proved to be the fastest of the four, in 1892 "City of New York" was finally able to outrun her sister for the eastbound record.
It had been International Navigation's plan to maintain Inman's status as a British flag carrier. However, even before "City of New York" was completed, the British Government responded to Inman's ownership change by revoking the line's mail contract. International Navigation lobbied the US Congress to replace the subsidy and allow the Inman speedsters to register in the US despite the law that only permitted US-built ships to be registered there. After considerable controversy, Congress enacted the subsidy provided that International Navigation build two similar ships in the US and all four twin-screw liners being available to the government in the event of a crisis. In one of his last acts in office, on February 22, 1893, President Benjamin Harrison boarded the now renamed "New York" during a snowstorm and raised the American Flag. The Inman Line was merged into International Navigation's American Line. As a part of the change, the former Inman liners now used Southampton as their UK destination rather than Liverpool, ending their direct rivalry with the White Star pair until 1907 when "Teutonic" and "Majestic" were also transferred to Southampton.
Spanish–American War.
At the outbreak of the Spanish-American War, "New York" was chartered as an auxiliary cruiser with a civilian crew, commissioning on 26 April 1898 at New York, Captain C. S. Cotton in command and renamed "Harvard". Assigned as a scout, "Harvard" departed New York on 30 April to cruise West Indian waters in search of the Spanish fleet. After sending back several reports on the location of Spanish units in the Caribbean, "Harvard" was blockaded by a larger force at Saint-Pierre, Martinique from 11–17 May, after which she proceeded to Santiago de Cuba and St. Nicholas Mole, Haiti, with dispatches from Commodore Winfield Scott Schley. Interrupting her scouting duties, "Harvard" returned to Newport News, Virginia, 7–26 June during which time her crew was officially taken into the Naval Service.
"Harvard" returned to the Caribbean with troops and supplies, arriving at Altares, Cuba, about 1 July. After Rear Admiral William T. Sampson's victory at the victory off Santiago, she rescued survivors. Despite the high surf and ammunition explosions from the stricken Spanish ships, "Harvard" succeeded in recovering over 600 officers and men.
On 4 July 1898, the 9th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry were guarding the prisoners of war inside "Harvard". A guard ordered a prisoner, who was attempting to cross the line, to return. The prisoner did not understand English and the guard fired a shot causing other prisoners to stand up. Fearing the prisoners were about to attack, the guards opened fire, killing six prisoners and wounding thirteen more. After the investigation, it was concluded that it was a mistake. The tragedy was known as "Harvard Incident".
No longer needed as a scout in the Caribbean, "Harvard" was sent back to the United States 10 July 1898. She was temporarily turned over to the War Department, and returned to Santiago de Cuba to transport troops back to the United States. "Harvard" arrived at New York on 27 August and decommissioned 2 September 1898 at New York Navy Yard.
Post-war.
"New York" resumed her civilian service on the New York–Southampton run in January 1899. During her first post-war crossing, one of her engines broke down and she had to return to Southampton for repairs lasting three months. Three years later, "New York" was taken out of service for an extensive refit that included replacing her machinery with quadruple expansion engines. Her good looks were partly spoiled when her three raked funnels were replaced with two taller ones. She resumed service on 14 April 1903.
On 10 April 1912, "New York" was berthed in Southampton beside . The three-inch steel hawsers that secured her were torn from their moorings when the much larger (leaving port to begin her maiden voyage to New York City) passed by, creating a suction effect. A collision was narrowly avoided when "Titanic's" captain, Edward Smith, ordered the port propeller to reverse, turning the larger liner while a nearby tugboat towed "New York" in the opposite direction.
In 1913, "New York" was re-configured as a second and third-class only liner. At the beginning of the first world war, the American Line reverted to Liverpool for their UK terminal. As a neutral flagged liner, "New York" was very profitable until the United States entered the war. The US Navy commissioned her as a troop transport renamed the "Plattsburg". During her service, she was damaged by a mine in the Mersey.
After the war, "New York's" reconditioning included removal of a mast. She resumed her passenger service in 1920 and remained with the American Line for nine months until she was sold to the Polish Navigation Company. After one voyage, her new owner went bankrupt and "New York" was seized by the creditors who sold her to the Irish American Line in 1922. She was then sold to the United Transatlantic Line and again to the American Black Sea Line. Her last Atlantic crossing was on 10 June 1922 from New York to Naples and Constantinople. Later that year, she was sold for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="5887253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887253" title="Pacello da Mercogliano">
Pacello da Mercogliano

Pacello da Mercogliano (c. 1455–1534) was a designer of gardens and hydraulic engineer, who is documented as working for Charles VIII at Amboise with the responsibility of bringing water from the Loire up to the garden parterres laid out to one side of the château. He was assisting the architect-engineer Fra Giocondo, who had translated Frontinus's essay on the ancient aqueducts of Rome, "De aquis urbae Romanae". After Charles VIII's death in 1498, both men continued to be employed by Louis XII at Blois, whence he had removed the court.
At the Château de Gaillon, begun in 1502, Georges Cardinal d'Amboise employed Pacello on the gardens. Neither there, nor at Amboise or Blois, where the foundations of the castles crowned steep defensible sites, was Pacello able to tie the axes of his garden parterres to a facade of the château in any meaningful way, as was becoming the usual practice on sloping sites below Italian villas.
In the plans of all three châteaux that were drawn after c. 1566 and appeared in Jacques Androuet du Cerceau's "Les plus excellents bastimens de France" (1576), it is difficult to judge what of Pacello's patterned plantings may still be recognized. Nevertheless, he may be considered one of the founding spirits of the French formal garden.

</doc>
<doc id="5887255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887255" title="List of sketch comedy groups">
List of sketch comedy groups

This is a list of notable sketch comedy groups by country. For the purposes of this list, groups that do not have their own article on Wikipedia are not considered notable.

</doc>
<doc id="5887256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887256" title="Change or Die">
Change or Die

"Change or Die" is story arc of "Stormwatch" lasting from issue 48 to 50. Written by Warren Ellis and penciled by Tom Raney, this was the last story arc of "Stormwatch", Volume 1, and set the tone for Ellis' structuring of "Stormwatch" volume 2 as a series of four three-issue story arcs.
The story was about the appearance of an anti-hero group called the Changers, whose goal was to build a finer world by assisting human society in a series of changes dictated by the Changers.
Plot summary.
Lead up to "Change or Die".
These were the main events that happened prior the arc and can be linked to it:
"Change or Die".
Jenny Sparks is attacked by Blind, a member of the Changers. She barely escapes. Meanwhile, the Weatherman briefs Stormwatch Prime about John Cumberland A.K.A. the High, a former superhero, and give them orders to stop him at all costs.
In the new group's headquarters, Malcolm King (Battalion's brother) informs the Changers about Stormwatch and is tortured by Blind because he cannot be trusted by the Changers.
Later, the High arrives in the United Nations and starts burning the countries' flags, symbolizing the end of territories. Stormwatch Prime is sent to the spot, but is easily defeated by the High, who intentionally employs non-fatal tactics.
The climax of the arc occurs when Stormwatch attacks the Changers' headquarters. Meanwhile, in SkyWatch, Bendix reveals his insanity to Jenny Sparks, and she attacks him. However, he is able to escape.
Stormwatch and the Changers manage to start a negotiation, but it is ruined when Rose Tattoo kills two members of the Changers and is herself killed by Jack Hawksmoor.
Following this, a Hammerstrike Deep Sanction Missile (a tailored and payload acid bomb) is launched in the headquarters, killing all the members of the Changers, except for the High, who then proceeds to fly towards SkyWatch. He "dies" in the collision with SkyWatch's 'Storm Door' force field. the High would later return and join the Authority.
Aftermath.
Jackson King quickly took Bendix' place as Weatherman, unifying Stormwatch Prime and Red and disavowing any knowledge about Stormwatch Black.
Months later, all Stormwatch members (except Flint and Stormwatch Black) would be killed by the Aliens.
Changers' mission of turning the world into a better place didn't die with its members. Shortly after Stormwatch's death, a group called the Authority, made up from the members of Stormwatch Black appeared, inspired partially by the Changers.
Collected editions.
The storyline has been collected into a trade paperback:

</doc>
<doc id="5887257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887257" title="Sébastien Érard">
Sébastien Érard

Sébastien Érard (5 April 1752 – 5 August 1831), born Sebastian Erhard, was a French instrument maker of German origin who specialised in the production of pianos and harps, developing the capacities of both instruments and pioneering the modern piano.
Biography.
He was born at Strasbourg. While a boy he showed great aptitude for practical geometry and architectural drawing, and in the workshop of his father, who was an upholsterer, he found opportunity for the early exercise of his mechanical ingenuity. When he was sixteen his father died, and he removed to Paris where he obtained employment with a harpsichord maker. Here his remarkable constructive skill, though it speedily excited the jealousy of his master and procured his dismissal, almost equally soon attracted the notice of musicians and musical instrument makers of eminence.
Before he was twenty-five he set up in business for himself, his first workshop being a room in the hotel of the duchesse de Villeroi, who gave him warm encouragement. He built his first pianoforte in 1777 in his Paris factory, relocating fifteen years later to premises in London's Great Marlborough Street to escape the French Revolution - his increasing fame and several commissions for the likes of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette having placed him at risk.
Returning to Paris in 1796, he soon afterwards introduced grand pianofortes, made in the English fashion, with improvements of his own. In 1808 he again visited London, where, two years later, he produced his first double-movement harp. He had previously made various improvements in the manufacture of harps, but the new instrument was an immense advance upon anything he had before produced, and obtained such a reputation that for some time he devoted himself exclusively to its manufacture. It has been said that in the year following his invention he made harps to the value of £25,000. In 1812 he returned to Paris, and continued to devote himself to the further perfecting of the two instruments with which his name is associated. In 1823 he crowned his work by producing his model grand pianoforte with the double escapement. Érard died at Passy, located in the XVIe arrondissement on the Right Bank.
Patents for the harp.
In November 1794 Érard filed the first English patent for a harp "(Improvements in Pianofortes and Harps, patent no. 2016)", a greatly refined single-action instrument (tuned in E flat) that could be played in eight major and five minor keys thanks to its ingenious fork mechanism which allowed the strings to be shortened by a semitone.
Érard's "double movement" seven-pedal action for the harp (perfected and patented in the summer of 1810, "Patent no 3332") allows each string to be shortened by one or two semitones, creating a whole tone. This mechanism, still used by modern pedal-harp makers, allows a harpist to perform in any key or chromatic setting. It was such a popular innovation that Érard sold £25,000-worth of harps in the first year of the release of the new instrument.
Patents for the piano.
Érard's grand piano action (English "patent no 4,631", 1821) is the predecessor to those used in modern grands, the repetition lever in these "double escapement" actions allows notes to be repeated more easily than in single actions. It is just one of many Érard innovations still found on modern pianos - for example, Érard was the first maker in Paris to fit pedals on the piano, and his instrument had several pedals. There was the usual sustaining pedal, an action shift, a celeste, and a bassoon pedal (which put leather against the strings to make them buzz). A knee lever moved the action further than the action-shift pedal, making the hammers strike only one string. Other Érard piano patents deal mainly with technicalities of the keyboard action, soundboard, and tuning mechanism; virtually all of these innovations are retained in modern piano design.
Notable Érard artists.
Érard's pianos were also widely appreciated by the foremost musicians - Charles-Valentin Alkan, Beethoven, Chopin, Fauré, Haydn, Herz, Liszt, Mendelssohn, Moscheles, Verdi and Ravel are just a few of the famous composers who owned Erard Pianos. Mid-career, Paderewski traveled on concert tours with his own Érard piano.
Franz Liszt is said to have played a six-octave Érard piano in Paris in 1824. Érard put him under contract from about this time until 1825, so when he toured England they sponsored him and he played their pianos.
In literature.
The Erard Grand piano has been featured as part of the story line in "The Piano Tuner", by Daniel Mason.
Men, Women and Pianos A social History, by Loesser, 1954 Publications
Pianos and their Makers, Dolge 1972, Publications
chapter three page 251-254

</doc>
<doc id="5887264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887264" title="HAS">
HAS

HAS may refer to:
Has may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5887267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887267" title="Port Arthur Refinery">
Port Arthur Refinery

The Port Arthur Refinery is an oil refinery located in Port Arthur, Texas. It is the largest oil refinery in the United States.
The first processing units of the Port Arthur Refinery were constructed in 1902 by the Texas Company, later Texaco. The roots of this refinery can be traced to the Spindletop oil boom near Beaumont, Texas. It came into operation in 1903. Port Arthur is in eastern Texas on the Gulf of Mexico. At certain points during its lifespan it was considered the flagship refinery of Texaco. 
On January 1, 1989, Saudi Refining, Inc. purchased 50% of the Port Arthur refinery (and two others) from Texaco to form a joint venture with Texaco called Star Enterprise. In 2001, Texaco was purchased by Chevron. Shortly thereafter Chevron's interest in this refinery (and two others) was sold to Shell on February 13, 2002. This new joint venture was called Motiva Enterprises LLC. Today, the Motiva Port Arthur Refinery is a joint venture with a 50% ownership between Shell Oil Products US and Saudi Refining Inc. Shell Oil Products is part of Royal Dutch Shell. Saudi Refining is part of Saudi Aramco. Approximately 1,200 people are employed at the site. 
The completion of the expansion of the Port Arthur Refinery, officially celebrated on 31 May 2012, increased its crude oil capacity to 600,000 barrels per day – making it the largest refinery in the US. The expansion added 325,000 barrels per day of capacity. 
This large and sophisticated refinery has the ability to process a flexible crude diet. It can process heavy, sour, and acid crudes from wherever they become available – initially Saudi Arabia – but also other areas. The refinery can also process shale oil, which is relatively light and sweet crude, if it’s economically attractive. The refinery supplies gasoline, diesel, aviation fuels, and high quality base oils to customers in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="5887269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887269" title="All Maine Matters">
All Maine Matters

All Maine Matters is a conservative monthly newspaper in the U.S. state of Maine, with a particular focus on rural matters in the state. The paper is a free advertiser-supported publication. The current publication resulted from a merger of two newsletters, the "UTU Newsletter", published by Robbie McKay of Kingman, Maine and "Fisheries Notes", published by Helen Gordon of Sullivan, Maine.The first run of "All Maine Matters" began in the 1990s and ended in 2001. The paper's second (and current) run began on January 9, 2006. The newspaper uses volunteer writers and columnists, many of whom are state senators and representatives, experts, political activists and writers from Maine or elsewhere in the United States.[http://www.allmainematters.com/contributors.html
All Maine Matters is owned by the Maine Free Press, LLC, which also publishes the "Magic City Morning Star", an online newspaper serving the Katahdin Region of Maine as well as issues involving all of Maine and the nation.
All Maine Matters ceased publishing in December 2006. However, an effort is underway to revive it as a quarterly newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="5887277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887277" title="Pine Mountain Lake, California">
Pine Mountain Lake, California

Pine Mountain Lake (PML) is a private gated community and a census-designated place (CDP) in Tuolumne County, California. It is located eight tenths of a mile to the north and east of Groveland. Pine Mountain Lake sits at an elevation of . The 2010 United States census reported Pine Mountain Lake's population was 2,796.
The ZIP Code is 95321. The community is inside area code 209.
The "Gateway to Yosemite", PML is an all-seasons vacation and retirement community. PML boasts a private lake with of shoreline. The community also hosts an 18-hole championship golf course, golf shop, lake lodge, tennis, hiking, horseback riding, swimming, fishing, an airport, and close proximity to local shopping, medical, and government services. PML is west of Yosemite National Park on highway 120. It gets a light dusting of snow in the winter, warm summer days, a green spring, and colorful fall.
About.
The lake is spring fed and is also fed by the Big Creek. The lake level has never dipped lower than even in low rain fall. It has of water and of shoreline. It affords water skiing, sailing, swimming and fishing. It has three sandy swim beaches a boat launch marina and a fisherman's park. Pine Mountain Lake Association stocks the lake with trout. The lake is surrounded by pines and manzanitas, and most homes cannot be seen from the lake, preserving its wilderness feeling.
The Pine Mountain Lake Subdivision was developed by Boise Cascade in the late 1960s with about 3,600 homesites averaging about one third to one half of an acre each. PML offers an equestrian center (homesites near the center are larger, about 1 to and allow your own horse), tennis, a PGA rated golf course with a full time Golf Pro, "Country Club" and full time mobile security patrol. The Lake is about 2,500–2,550 feet above mean sea level. The highest points in the community are about AMSL. Altitudes range from about 2,600 to . It's above the fog and below the snow line. Temps range from the 20–30 °F in winter to 80–90 °F in the summer. Snow in the winter usually is light, and while the streets are plowed, you will not likely need to shovel your driveway. Land line phone service is available with high speed internet in most areas. Cell phones have a little trouble is this area. US postal service offers P.O. boxes in Downtown Groveland and delivery to Pine Mountain Lake's many neighborhood lock box centers within the gated community. UPS and FedEx delivery is very good. Furniture deliveries and other tradesmen need the owners to call in a pass for them at the Main Security Gate to gain entrance. Nobody gets in without a pass or an owner's card.
The community comprises a combination of year round residents and seasonal residents, retired folks and families, young and old. With a very small year-round population base, the town has a small-town atmosphere, with residents alway quick with a wave and a hello. Most lots in the development are developed, and most of the homes are unique in their design, ranging from log cabins and cute A frames to grand stately homes. Some homes are rented as seasonal resort homes. Many Realty companies in the area handle the rentals of private homes in Pine Mountain Lake.
Groveland has "Tenaya Elementary School" grades K–8 and "Tioga High School" grade 9–12, part of the Big Oak Flat-Groveland Unified School District. Columbia Junior College is about down the hill in Columbia, from Sonora (about from Groveland). The community hosts a wide variety of churches .
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 19.3 square miles (49.9 km²), 19.0 square miles (49.1 km²) of it land and 0.3 square miles (0.7 km²) of it (1.46%) water.
Demographics.
The 2010 United States Census reported that Pine Mountain Lake had a population of 2,796. The population density was 145.2 people per square mile (56.1/km²). The racial makeup of Pine Mountain Lake was 2,596 (92.8%) White, 18 (0.6%) African American, 25 (0.9%) Native American, 24 (0.9%) Asian, 7 (0.3%) Pacific Islander, 21 (0.8%) from other races, and 105 (3.8%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 183 persons (6.5%).
The Census reported that 2,796 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 1,346 households, out of which 200 (14.9%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 776 (57.7%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 84 (6.2%) had a female householder with no husband present, 44 (3.3%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 66 (4.9%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 7 (0.5%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 369 households (27.4%) were made up of individuals and 216 (16.0%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.08. There were 904 families (67.2% of all households); the average family size was 2.45.
The population was spread out with 372 people (13.3%) under the age of 18, 95 people (3.4%) aged 18 to 24, 340 people (12.2%) aged 25 to 44, 973 people (34.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 1,016 people (36.3%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 60.0 years. For every 100 females there were 94.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.8 males.
There were 3,048 housing units at an average density of 158.3 per square mile (61.1/km²), of which 1,117 (83.0%) were owner-occupied, and 229 (17.0%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 5.2%; the rental vacancy rate was 20.7%. 2,239 people (80.1% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 557 people (19.9%) lived in rental housing units.
Politics.
In the state legislature Pine Mountain Lake is located in the 14th Senate District, represented by Republican Tom Berryhill, and in the 25th Assembly District, represented by Republican Kristin Olsen. Federally, Pine Mountain Lake is located in California's 19th congressional district, which has a Cook PVI of R +10 and is represented by Republican Jeff Denham.
Airport.
The Pine Mountain Lake Airport is five miles (8 km) from the intersection of Ferretti Road and SR120. The facility has an FAA identifier of E45 and features a roughly- runway.

</doc>
<doc id="5887278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887278" title="Te Atua Mou E">
Te Atua Mou E

"Te Atua mou e" ("God is Truth") is the national anthem of the Cook Islands. It was adopted in 1982, replacing the previous New Zealand anthem "God Defend New Zealand".
The music is by Sir Tom Davis, then Prime Minister of the Cook Islands. The words are by his wife, Pa Tepaeru Terito Ariki Lady Davis.

</doc>
<doc id="5887285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887285" title="Myrmica laevinodis">
Myrmica laevinodis

Myrmica laevinodis is a species of ant that closely resembles "M. kotokui", and is at times difficult to distinguish, due to variation in morphology and color in "M. kotokui". However, the unraised rugae on the posterodorsal portion of the mesonotum are usually characteristic, though some "M. kotokui" workers have this character. It is best in the field to examine the body coloration of a number of workers from each colony. Also, "M. rubra" has fewer strong rugae, and is more smooth on the lower half of the mesonotal pleura than "M. kotokui"; its propodeal spines are shorter, and the rugae on the anterior basal portion of the 1st gastral tergite are relatively weak and fewer in number. Although Japanese specimens differ morphologically from European "M. rubra" material, and resemble "M. kotokui" in petiolar morphology, the name "Myrmica rubra" is applied to them for the present. This species nests in the soil of grassland on seashores and lowlands (Onoyama, 1989). Rare in Japan.
Myrmica laevinodis have been known to feed on honeydew produced by aphids, in return for protecting them from parasites.

</doc>
<doc id="5887293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887293" title="Linton Hall School">
Linton Hall School

Linton Hall School is a Catholic day-school occupying an 120‑acre campus in Bristow, Virginia, in Prince William County about west of Washington, D.C.
History.
Early History.
Linton Hall School (formerly Linton Hall Military School) is located in Bristow, Virginia (Prince William County, Virginia,) on a portion of the 1,700 acres of land originally donated for the education of poor boys and girls by Sarah Elliot Linton (born 1822, died 1891,) who took the name of Sister Baptista upon becoming a Benedictine nun at age 22. Sarah Linton had previously inherited the land from her father, John Tyler Linton, who had died just two months before Sarah's birth. 
The Benedictine Fathers established St. Maurus Boys' School in 1893; the Benedictine Sisters established St. Edith's Academy for girls in 1894. St. Edith's opened with sixteen boarders and several day students. After World War I, the enrollment of both schools began to decline. The Benedictine Fathers returned to their abbey in Belmont, North Carolina. In 1922, the Benedictine Sisters founded St. Gertrude High School for girls in Richmond, Virginia. The same year, St. Edith's, in Bristow, was converted to Linton Hall Military School, a military boarding school for boys ages 6–16.
Linton Hall Military School.
Linton Hall began as a military school; however, the military program was discontinued for a few years. In 1932, the military program was re-established. As enrollment increased, the monastery building lacked adequate space for housing the academic and residential programs. In 1940, two floors of St. Ann's Guest House were converted into dorms. In 1946, the first floor of the main portion of the present building was completed and served as a residence hall for all the students. By 1951, the second and third floors and the classroom wing were completed. Physical education facilities included a gymnasium built in 1956, an outdoor swimming pool constructed in 1968, tennis courts, the Welker Memorial playground, various playing fields, and a playground purchased by the Parent School Guild.
Daily Life.
During the 1940s, students were permitted one designated weekend per month "provided scholastic standing and conduct warrant it." 
John Phillips (musician), who attended Linton Hall Military School from 1942 to 1946, and later gained fame as singer, songwriter and guitarist for The Mamas & the Papas, recalls in his autobiography that he "hated the place," even though he earned good grades, made many friends, and played sports. He writes of "the inspections and the beatings" and recalls that "nuns used to watch us take showers."
Students followed a strict schedule, particularly on weekdays, from rising at 6:45 a.m. to their 9:00 p.m. bedtime, with only 45 minutes of free play allocated on Mondays and Wednesdays, and two hours on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays, plus some time in the evening during 'rest' period in the dormitories. Cadets were not permitted to keep items such as food, money, or comic books, nor make or receive telephone calls, except in case of emergency.
After the new building was completed in the late 1940s, cadets were housed in dormitories, each of which contained approximately fifty beds, set in three rows, each bed separated from the next by a folding metal chair approximately 18 inches wide. There were no curtains on the windows and walls were bereft of any decoration, such as pictures or posters.
Foreign Students.
In 1951, students from Latin America, predominantly Mexico, began to enroll at Linton Hall. Over the years, the number of foreign students increased, until foreign students constituted a sizeable portion of the student body. This opportunity for cultural exchange provided an added dimension to the program.
Boards.
The Linton Hall Board of Visitors was founded in 1974 in order to assist the administration in forming policies concerning future growth, development, finances, public relations, and other areas of concern. The Board of Visitors was dissolved in 1991, giving way to the Advisory Board.
In the 1975-76 school year, a five-day resident program was offered to make the boarding facility available to more students. In addition to maintaining accreditation by the Virginia State Board of Education and membership in the National Catholic Education Association (NCEA), Linton Hall became a member of the Virginia Association of Independent Schools (VAIS) in 1977.
Summer Activities.
For thirty-nine years Linton Hall operated a summer camp program which provided a variety of activities as well as summer classes. Beginning in 1990, Linton Hall focused on a day camp which served many of the children from the Extended Day Program. The summer camp of 1993 began a special inclusion of underprivileged children from the local community. The camp under the sponsorship of the Benedictine Sisters of Virginia ended in the summer of 1996. Since that time the facilities and grounds have been rented to other sports organizations for their use. Swimming lessons and a technology-based program are still provided by Linton Hall.
Discontinuation of the Military Program.
By the 1978-79 academic year, the school had dropped the word 'military' from its name, even though the military program still existed. During the early 1980s, as enrollment continued to decline, the Benedictine Sisters were rethinking the role of Linton Hall as a military school. A consultant was hired in 1987 to direct an in-depth study of direction for change. Demographic studies showed the promise of growth and development in Prince William County. A series of meetings and studies among the Benedictine Sisters resulted in a decision to discontinue the military program.
Current.
In 1988, Linton Hall School became a coeducational day school, for students from kindergarten through eighth grade, and maintained its Catholic identity. The military program was discontinued, and the residential program was phased out gradually. Most of the land was sold to developers, with the school retaining 120 acres. Enrollment during the 1988-89 school year was 33 students. Beginning with the 1989-90 school year enrollment has steadily increased. With the addition of a pre-kindergarten in 2004, enrollment reached 210 students.

</doc>
<doc id="5887299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887299" title="Jeff Streeter">
Jeff Streeter

Jeffrey Streeter (born November 25, 1979 in Vinton, Iowa) is a former NASCAR driver. He was a part-time Busch Series driver in 2001 and 2003.
Racing career.
ARCA Racing Series.
Streeter made his debut in the ARCA Bondo/Mar-Hyde Series in 1997 at Atlanta Motor Speedway, starting 11th and finishing 15th in a family-owned car. He would return to the series for the next race at Salem Speedway, qualifying a career best 8th place in the 31-car field and finishing a then-career best 13th place in the race. His career best finish in the series would occur just over a month later at Pocono Raceway, when he finished 9th. After competing in 10 of the first 11 races, Streeter's 1997 ARCA season came to an end halfway through the season due to a lack of funding. He finished the season with one top ten finish, an average finish of 17.1, and ranked 25th in the final point standings.
After spending a season in the NASCAR Winston West Series, Streeter returned to ARCA two seasons later in 1999, where he and his family-owned team competed sparingly for three seasons. The team wound up failing to qualify in the majority of their attempts in this time period, making the field in just four of their nine attempts between 1999 and 2001. He earned just one top 20 start and finish in these four races, both of which occurred at Salem Speedway (the site of his best career ARCA start) in 2000, when he started 19th and finished 18th.
His final ARCA appearance came a year later in the inaugural race at the newly opened Nashville Superspeedway. He qualified in last place and lasted just 13 laps before retiring from the event, finishing in 32nd place.
Winston West Series.
Streeter and his family-owned team moved over to NASCAR in 1997, competing in the regional Winston West Series between 1997 and 1998. After his 1997 ARCA season came to an early end, Streeter made his Winston West debut later that year at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, but would finish 36th in the 40-car field after lasting just 13 laps.
After missing the first two races the following season, Streeter and his team were able to run the final 12 races of the 1998 season after picking up sponsorship from D&H Auto Body. Although the team didn't pick up any top ten finishes, Streeter did manage to finish in the top-16 six times during the season, including a best finish of 11th place at Altamont Motorsports Park. Despite no top tens or lead lap finishes, Streeter was running at the finish in all but one of his starts and finished 15th in the point standings.
Busch Series.
Streeter made his debut in 2001 at Nashville Superspeedway, running a family-owned vehicle. He started 43rd and finished 41st after an early crash. His next race came at California, where he improved with a 36th place finish. After a 37th place finish at Dover, he set his year-long best of 29th at IRP
Streeter ran five races in 2003, beginning with a 29th place finish at California. Amazingly, Streeter finished 29th twice more in 2003: at Nazareth and at Memphis. That meant that 29th would be his best career finish four times over. His run at California also ended up being his best career start, as he started that event in 18th place.
Increased competition and low funding closed Streeter's team and he has not raced in major NASCAR since.

</doc>
<doc id="5887300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887300" title="IBM Current">
IBM Current

IBM Current 1.1 was a Microsoft Windows 1.0-based graphical user interface relational database/personal information manager, introduced in 1990. It was originally developed by Commence Corporation. and some features included ACT! and FileMaker Pro.
__TOC__
Uses.
If the user defined a meeting, the meeting could have attributes in related tables showing the meeting location, the persons invited, the tasks pertaining to the meeting and which projects they were associated with, any records in a document log related to these, and any notes stored in the system. The user did not need to type the location because it was already stored in a table of meeting rooms. Instead, location was picked from a scrollable list.
It also had some "Microsoft-Project"-like project management features. The package comes pre-configured to do Gantt charts and mark milestones or tasks on daily calendars. The Gantt charts are assembled by "Current" based on tasks the user defines as being part of a project. The tasks are assigned to persons using a scrollable list and linked to a project through a database relationship. While less sophisticated and less graphically interesting than Gantt charts produced by modern software, the output was coherent and usable.
"Current" also supported Microsoft's Dynamic Data Exchange (DDE). A usable file import-export capability was included. The system could do outlines, mail merge from its own addresses, and allowed the user to change colors of display elements.
The basic system woke up with a calendar display. It could look like a day planner view or a month calendar. The user could go to an address book which was designed to be a screen-based metaphor for a paper address book. "Current" could dial phone calls from your address book if you had a modem attached to the system. There were screens for tracking expenses, (which could be associated with a project, naturally). There were also to-do lists which might, or might not, relate to other tasks or projects at the user's whim.
A little before its time, "Current"'s IBM-provided reports and screen forms could be modified by the user. The system allowed the creation of user-defined database fields if the native table did not contain a needed field. The fields could be associated with one of several tables and one-to-many relationships are supported. For example, many phone numbers can be associated with one person. That person can be tied to many projects and also to one or more company entities. Much of this modeling was in place at installation. If one needed more, the application supports advanced modeling of data beyond what an average user would bother to implement. Many entries in the system are populated automatically through the internal relationships. Most entries required the user to scroll through a list and select an item. The system must have been among the first to support images, such as photos of persons.
A firm named Jensen-Jones developed the software.
System requirements.
Program documentation dated June 15, 1990 included a run-time version of Microsoft Windows 2.0 which would support a single application. This was called "Windows Single Application Environment," (SAE). The minimum hardware a user needed was an 80286-based system with 640KB of RAM, running DOS 3.3 or newer, and having an EGA color display.
Modern systems.
The file compression scheme used by the installation routine does not work in modern Windows operating systems. If the program were installed in an older Windows 3.1 system, it can be manually zipped then moved to a Windows 9x or NT-based system and will work properly under the 16-bit WOWEXEC.
While the program pre-dated the introduction of Windows 3 and True-Type, it is otherwise compatible with a modern installation of Windows XP. The user has only a single system font in all screen displays and printed output. On some systems, the display screens displayed incorrectly, because the system's default font was sized differently than the default Windows 2.0 system font.
If the application were installed on a file server or mapped drive, a single user at a time can use it over the network with no difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="5887321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887321" title="Illinois Farm Bureau">
Illinois Farm Bureau

The Illinois Farm Bureau (IFB) is a nonprofit U.S. organization controlled by farmers who join IFB through one of the 96 county farm bureaus in Illinois. The organization's legal name is the Illinois Agricultural Association. IFB was founded in 1916 by a group of farmers who met at the University of Illinois to discuss the need for agricultural education, better information for farmers, and more effective farming practices. Today, IFB represents two out of three Illinois farmers. It is a member of the American Farm Bureau Federation. IFB is the founder of COUNTRY Financial.
Organization and mission.
IFB is involved in passing legislation and lobbying lawmakers about agricultural issues, and county farm bureaus provide a professional staff in accessible locations around the state. Together, IFB and the county organizations were instrumental in bringing soil and crop specialists to each county. These professional farm advisers were the forerunners of today’s cooperative extension service. They help supply farmers with the latest agricultural research information and make on-the-farm analyses and recommendations about production challenges. 
IFB’s stated mission is to improve the economic well-being of agriculture and enrich the quality of farm family life. The organization focuses on these areas: 
IFB attempts to:
IFB has been criticized as too dominated by large agribusiness operations and unresponsive to environmental concerns about pesticide use, water quality and other issues. IFB is also known for its historical association with State Farm, the largest personal lines insurer in the United States. The organization is governed by a twenty-member board of directors who are elected to two-year terms; the president and vice-president of IFB are also elected every two years. IFB’s state office is located in Bloomington, Illinois.
History.
After its founding in 1916, IFB was initially concerned with nuts-and-bolts issues like control of insect pests, protection of livestock from disease, and the construction of better rural roads. During the Dust Bowl years of the Great Depression, IFB worked to aid farmers in economic distress and to modify federal government farm regulations to favor agricultural interests. 
After World War II IFB began to get involved more directly in governmental issues such as taxation, the federal budget deficit, and agricultural subsidies. IFB worked on water availability issues and helped farmers in other parts of the country facing weather-related problems. IFB has also devoted more effort to public relations campaigns about agriculture and the realities of farm life.

</doc>
<doc id="5887342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887342" title="Golden Checkerboard">
Golden Checkerboard

Golden Checkerboard (1965) is a book by Ed Ainsworth. Its subject matter concerns the mid-20th century economic conditions of the Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians of Palm Springs, California and the history of the 99-year lease law which enabled them to commercially develop tribal owned lands. It focuses on Indio Superior Court Judge Hilton McCabe, who is described as "The Little White Father of the Indians of Palm Springs", and recalls the steps taken by McCabe to set up conservatorships and leases that would give the tribe investment opportunities and economic self-sufficiency. The title of the book refers to the Agua Caliente Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians' reservation checkerboard pattern, originating from land grants to the Southern Pacific Railroad as an incentive to build rail lines through the region, when President Ulysses S. Grant signed an Executive Order granting "San Bernardino Base and Meridian, Township 4 South, Range 4 East, Section 14" to the Agua Caliente Indians.
Historical context.
Section 14, which included the warm springs at the center of Palm Springs, and other sections surrounding Palm Springs, were "owned" by the Indians, but held "in trust" by the Federal government; the Indians charged fees for bathing in the springs and picnicking in the canyon. In 1917, Congress passed the Allotment Act (39 Stat. 969, 976) which directed the Secretary of the Interior to divide and distribute the Indian land; Harry E. Wadsworth was appointed as the alloting agent. In 1927, the Secretary instructed Wadsworth to make a new schedule of allotments, which he did for the 24 members of the Band who made written applications. (In fact the allotments were not carried out; Band member Lee Arenas sued the Federal government to have the allotments made legal and won his case in the United States Supreme Court.) In December 1944, Secretary of the Interior Oscar Chapman, acting on the advice of Commissioner of Indian Affairs John Collier, disapproved the alloting schedule set up by Wadsworth 17 years earlier.
Conservatorship program.
Odlum Report.
In January 1953, Douglas McKay became Secretary of the Interior. Thereafter McKay asked industrialist Floyd B. Odlum (former president of Atlas Corp. and husband of Jacqueline Cochran) to investigate the affairs of the Agua Caliente Indians. The report by Odlum's committee was competed in April 1955 and put into final form in April 1956. Among other things, Odlum's report determined: that the Band consisted of 83 persons, the majority of whom were minors; the value of the Indian land, allotted and unallotted, totaled as much as $12,000,000; and the value of the land could increase with proper development. Odlum also discussed the legal problems related to unequal allotments, taxes on non-productive real estate, the inability to lease land because of a 5 year limit, and conflicting claims of the allottees. The report recommended that the Indian land be placed in a private corporation or trusteeship rather than existing wardship. Odlum's recommendations were not implemented because newly elected Congressman Dalip Singh Saund, who ran against Cochran in a bitter election campaign, blocked proposed legislation. In the meantime, Congress passed Public Law No. 255 in August 1955, which allowed for leases of 50 years.
1959 legislation.
In 1959, a landmark decision by the Secretary of the Interior equalized allotted Indian lands, thereby setting the stage for development of Indian lands within the City of Palm Springs. This same legislation, however, recognizing the potential value of Indian lands within the boundaries of a world famous resort, also called for the appointment of conservators and guardians to "protect" Indians and their estates from "artful and designing persons" who might otherwise cheat them out of their properties, which could now be legally sold by the individual tribal members who owned them. By declaring Indians as "incompetent" (both as children and adults) court-appointed conservators and guardians took control of a majority of Indian estates. A major oversight of the program was the appointment of judges, lawyers, and business people as Indian conservators and guardians—the very people the program sought to protect Indians and their estates from. The program was administered by the Indio Superior Court's Judge Hilton McCabe, subject of "Golden Checkerboard". McCabe concurrently acted as a conservator to a number of tribal members and an executor, in addition to his administrative and legal roles.
Post-publication.
Reviews.
The book received favorable reviews from "Desert Magazine" and the "American Bar Association Journal".
Withdrawal from publication.
Following a lawsuit by the Indians against the "distorted, glorifying biography", the publisher withdrew the book from the market. 
Disclosure of misconduct.
With the ability to control Indian estates, the conservatorship program fostered corruption among the conservators and administrators—a series of Pulitzer Prize (1968) winning "Riverside Press-Enterprise" articles authored by journalist George Ringwald exposed such instances of excessive fees, fee-splitting, and other types of questionable conduct. The conservatorship program was officially ended in 1968 after the Secretary of the Interior's Palm Springs Task Force similarly exposed it as fraudulent and corrupt.

</doc>
<doc id="5887344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887344" title="Speed limits in Australia">
Speed limits in Australia

Speed limits in Australia range from shared zones to in the Northern Territory, with one section of the Stuart Highway being unlimited. Speed limit signage is in km/h since metrication on 1 July 1974. All speed limits (with the sole exception of the South Australian school and roadworks zones which are signposted at 25 km/h) are multiples of 10 km/h – the last digit in all speed signs is zero.
Common limits.
Australian states and territories use two "default" speed limits. These apply automatically in the absence of 'posted' speed restriction signage. The two default speed limits are:
Common speed zones below the default built up area 50 km/h limit are:
Common speed zones above the default limits are:
The "END" speed limit sign is increasingly used throughout Australia to signal the end of a posted speed restriction, or built-up area 'default' speed-limit leading to the jurisdiction's 'rural' default speed limit. It contains the word "END" and a number in a black circle beneath this, representing the ceasing speed-limit. It is typically used where, according to AS1742.4 the road beyond has certain hazards such as hidden driveways, poor camber, soft edges and other hazards where the road authority feels a posted speed limit sign might be too dangerous or otherwise unwarranted. It is intended therefore to invoke particular caution. This sign is used as a direct replacement for the slash-through speed derestriction signs common in Europe and elsewhere.
Speed limits are enforced in almost all areas of the country except for some areas of the Northern Territory. Tolerance is from 8% to 10% in most states but only 3 km/h in Victoria, an issue that has caused much controversy in that state, especially in light of the fact that previous Australian Design Rules specified that vehicle speedometers may have up to 10% leeway in accuracy. This was updated in 2006 to require that the 'speed indicated shall not be less than the true speed' Detection measures used are radar, LIDAR, fixed and mobile speed cameras (using various detection technologies), Vascar, pacing and aircraft.
Default speed limits by state and territory.
Despite introduction of model national road rules by the states in 1999, Western Australia and the Northern Territory retain different default speed limits. The table below indicates the default speed limits along with typical school zone limits and the highest zone in each locality.
In the external territories, and in some special cases (such as Lord Howe Island, NSW), the speed limits may differ significantly from those found across the rest of the nation.
Historical limits.
Historically, Australia operated a simple speed limit system of urban and rural default limits, denoted in miles per hour. The urban default, which prior to the 1930s was , applied to any "built up area", usually defined by the presence of street lighting. This limit was progressively increased to over the next 30 years by each of the states and territories, with New South Wales being the last to change in May 1964. Outside of built up areas, a "prima facie" speed limit applied. In New South Wales and Victoria, the "prima facie" speed limit was . In the 1970s however, most state "prima facie" speed limits were gradually replaced by absolute limits. An absolute speed limit of was introduced to Victoria in 1971. This was subsequently reduced to in late 1973. South Australia introduced an absolute speed limit of 60 mph in 1974. 
With the onset of metrication in 1974, speed limits and speed advisories were converted into kilometres per hour, rounded to the nearest 10 km/h, leading to small discrepancies in speed limits. The default urban limits of were converted to 60 km/h, an increase of . The rural defaults of and became and respectively. The "prima facie" 50 mph limit in New South Wales became a "prima facie" limit of 80 km/h. Signage changed from a North American-style black and white textual sign to a design based on metric signage in use in New Zealand with black number in red annulus (or circle) on white, itself a derivative of the European standard number in red circle design.
New South Wales introduced an absolute speed limit of 100 km/h in 1979. The Northern Territory introduced an absolute speed limit of 110 km/h in 2007.
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the 60 km/h urban default limit was progressively lowered to nationally for reasons of road, and especially pedestrian, safety. However, many existing roads, especially subarterial roads in urban areas, have had 60 km/h limits posted on them. Queensland's Manual of Uniform Traffic Control Devices (Speed Controls) states that 60 km/h is the general minimum speed limit for traffic carrying roads. The Northern Territory has retained the 60 km/h limit; however, 50 km/h is also a common speed limit (particularly in residential areas).
There has been a campaign by some organisations, such as the Australian Wheelchair Association, to lower the default urban limit further, to allow wheelchairs to be used on public roads, with most such proposals calling for or limits. Some local government areas have unilaterally applied lower limits, such as the City of Sydney introducing 30 km/h zones in many areas . In other areas, special 40 km/h zones have been introduced in "high pedestrian activity" areas.
Derestriction signs.
Often the start of rural default 'limits' or "prima facie" allowances were signalled by use of the speed derestriction sign, catalogued R4-2 in AS1742.4. (2009 edition has dropped from reference the R4-2 speed derestriction). The speed derestriction sign (//) had developed 'different meaning' over time at state and territory level, although its contract-meaning under "The United Nations Convention on Road Traffic, Signs & Signals" where the sign is catalogued "C,17a", is; "End of all local prohibitions imposed on moving vehicles" and has never changed. In the Northern Territory, they designated the end of speed restrictions. In Victoria and Western Australia they meant that the rural default speed limit applied, whilst in New South Wales, they indicated that the "prima facie" limit applied.
New South Wales's "prima facie" 50 mph limit, often signed by derestriction signs, was only enforced in cases where a driver's speed could be demonstrated to be excessive or dangerous in the context of prevailing road conditions. This was somewhat similar in principle to "reasonable and prudent" limits in other jurisdictions. This led to the widespread but misleading belief that no limit applied, and that derestriction signs indicated an "unlimited" limit. This belief, coupled with repeated studies showing 85th percentile speeds in excess of 120 km/h on major routes, comparatively high road tolls, difficulty in prosecuting speeding offences, and the variance in meaning of the derestriction sign across states, led New South Wales to harmonise its rural default limit to in 1978. The use of derestriction signs in New South Wales was officially discouraged, and on state controlled routes, 100 km/h signs were progressively used instead.
By the 1990s, most states had discontinued use of the derestriction sign, mainly for reasons of disambiguity. In most cases, these have either been replaced with definite specific limits, or "END limit" signs on roads where a specific limit is inappropriate or otherwise impractical. However, in some areas, local governments have continued to use the deprecated signs on locally controlled rural roads.
The Northern Territory continued to use derestriction signs to indicate unlimited limits until 2007, when an open road default limit of was introduced, along with limits on the Territory's four major highways.

</doc>
<doc id="5887349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887349" title="Le Globe">
Le Globe

Le Globe was a French newspaper, published in Paris by the Bureau du Globe between 1824 and 1832, and created with the goal of publishing Romantic creations. It was established by Pierre Leroux. After 1828, the paper became political and Liberal in tone. 
It was bought by the Saint-Simonists in 1830, and was the official voice of the movement under the July Monarchy. "Le Globe" was ultimately banned, following the denunciation of Saint-Simonianism as an anti-establishment "sect".

</doc>
<doc id="5887360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887360" title="VFA-115">
VFA-115

Strike Fighter Squadron 115 (VFA-115) is known as the "Eagles", callsign "Talon", a United States Navy F/A-18E Super Hornet strike fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Facility Atsugi. Their tail code is "NF".
Squadron Insignia and Nickname.
The squadron’s first insignia, designed by Walt Disney, was approved by Chief of Naval Operations on 25 June 1945, consisting of a black torpedo and a winged cherub wearing a green helmet. A new squadron insignia was approved on 17 September 1956 and is still in use. The squadron was known as the "Arabs" from the 1950s to 1979, at which time they were renamed the "Eagles". During the squadron’s deployment to the Indian Ocean in 1989, they temporarily changed their nickname back to Arabs to enhance the morale while operating in the Arabian Sea.
History.
1940s.
On October 10, 1942, Torpedo Squadron Eleven (VT-11) was commissioned at NAS San Diego, flying TBF Avenger, a carrier based torpedo bomber known in the fleet as the "Turkey." Over the next five years, the squadron upgraded through several models of TBF and TBM "Avengers".
In January and February 1943, a detachment of 6 squadron aircraft were sent to Kanton Island for antisubmarine defense and search missions. The squadron's first combat was flown from Honiara International Airport during the Guadalcanal in April–May 1943 as part of "Carrier Air Group Eleven (CVG-11)". The squadron was landbased at Guadalcanal, and in June 1943, VT-11 pilots conducted the first daylight raids on Bougainville and the Solomon Islands. They flew patrol, search, spotting, strike, and night mine-laying missions.
On 5 May 1944, squadron aircraft were involved in an antisubmarine attack off the coast of Hilo, Hawaii. The attack against the enemy submarine was assessed as "probable" by the squadron commander. From 29 September 1944 to 1 February 1945 VT-11 was deployed aboard the aircraft carrier USS "Hornet". In October 1944, the squadron participated in the first strikes against Okinawa and two weeks later converged on Leyte Gulf to protect the landing and supply ships engaged in the liberation of the Philippines. On 25 October, the Japanese Fleet converged on Leyte to oppose the landings. Squadron TBMs were launched from 550 km (340 mi) away (well beyond normal range) to strike the fleet. The TBMs struck the retiring Japanese ships, scoring hits on a battleship and two cruisers. All the squadron’s aircraft returned, completing a 1.000 km (600 mi) round trip. Seven Navy Crosses were awarded to VT-11 aircrews during this campaign.
In November and December 1944, the squadron continued to provide support for the cccupation of Leyte, striking targets on Luzon in support of the landings on Mindoro. In January 1945, the squadron struck ships and targets on Formosa and Luzon in support of the landings in Lingayen Gulf, Luzon. The squadron participated in operations in the South China Sea (the first time an American Task Force had entered these waters since the beginning of the war), striking targets at Cam Ranh Bay and a convoy off Qui Nhon, French Indo-China, shipping at the Pescadores Island, and Hong Kong.
After the war, Naval Air Station San Diego became VT-11's new homeport, and the squadron was redesignated as Attack Squadron 12A (VA-12A) in November 1946. VA-12A, along with its "Carrier Air Group (CVAG-11)", underwent extensive training and embarked in USS "Valley Forge", the U.S. Navy's newest aircraft carrier. In June 1948, VA-12A deployed on a world cruise, a first for a U.S. Navy air group and milestone for the squadron. A symbolic globe later became part of the squadron's official insignia to commemorate the cruise.
On July 15, 1948, VA-12A was redesignated Attack Squadron 115 (VA-115), and in December, the squadron transitioned to the Douglas AD "Skyraider". The squadron upgraded models of the "Spad" several times for the next ten years.
1950s.
In July 1950, VA-115 deployed aboard USS "Philippine Sea" for nine months conducting strikes in Inchon, South Korea in preparation for landings in September 1950. During and after the invasion the squadron flew deep support missions and also encountered Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15s. On 31 December 1951, VA-115 provided close air support for American troops in the Chosen Reservoir area and flew combat missions against North Korean rail, transportation, communication, industrial and supply targets. VA-115 flew 2,268 combat missions over both Korea deployments. For this outstanding performance, the squadron was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation.
In June 1952, the squadron participated in coordinated strikes against North Korean hydroelectric power plants - the first heavy attacks conducted against these installations. Nine different hydroelectric power plants were struck. VA-115 made two deployments to Korea in 1950/51 and 1951/52 aboard the USS "Philippine Sea". It returned to Korea shortly after the in July 1953 aboard the USS "Kearsarge". This was followed by another deployment on the "Kearsarge" in 1954/55.
In February 1955, the squadron flew air cover missions during the evacuation of over 26,000 personnel from Tachen Islands which had come under bombardment by the People’s Republic of China in January. In August and September 1958, the squadron was part of the task force that provided support to the Republic of China during the shelling of the Quemoy Island group by the Chinese Communists.
"CVG-11" then moved to the USS "Essex" in 1956, followed by two cruises aboard the USS "Shangri-La" in 1958 and 1959.
1960s.
In 1960 the squadron adopted the nickname "Arabs" after passage through the Suez Canal, while being deployed aboard the USS "Hancock" in 1960/61.
Later in 1961 "CVW-11" was reassigned to the USS "Kitty Hawk". VA-115 made three deployments aboard the "Kitty Hawk" to the Western Pacific between 1962 and 1966. In May and June 1964, during the Laotian crisis, the squadron flew Combat Air Patrol and Search and Rescue.
In October 1965, the squadron returned to Southeast Asia. During six months on Yankee Station in the Gulf of Tonkin, VA-115 flew 2,051 sorties, over 8,000 hours and delivered 3,200 t (7 mio lb) of ordnance against enemy targets in Vietnam. In September 1966, VA-115 joined Carrier Air Wing Five aboard the USS "Hancock" and made its second deployment to Vietnam from January to July 1967.
From August 1967 to January 1970, the squadron was put in an inactive, stand-down status. This was a transitional period as the squadron awaited the arrival of the Grumman A-6 Intruder, and there were no aircraft and only a few administrative personnel assigned. This is the only known instance in which a squadron was not disestablished but remained on the active squadron inventory in an inactive status.
1970s.
In January 1970, the squadron resumed active status and was reassigned to Naval Air Station Whidbey Island, Washington for transition to the A-6 Intruder. The squadron received their first KA-6D tanker aircraft in February 1971. In 1970 VA-115 was assigned to Carrier Air Wing 16 (tail code "AH") and should be deployed on the modernized carrier USS "Midway". However, while the modernization of "Midway" took longer than expected, "CVW-16" was disestablished in 1971 and all its squadrons were assigned to Carrier Air Wing Five (tail code "NF"). From 1971 to 1990 VA-115 and "CVW-5" were assigned to the USS "Midway". In 1971 and 1972/73 "Midway" made two deployeents to Vietnam. From May to October 1972 VA-115 participated in Operation Linebacker I, where VA-115 earned a fourth Presidential Unit Citation.
In September 1973, "Midway" changed homeport to Yokosuka, Japan, and "CVW-5" was based at NAF Atsugi. Again "Midway" and VA-115 would serve off the coast of Vietnam and in 1975, participated in Operation Eagle Pull and Operation Frequent Wind, supporting the evacuation of Saigon.
In August and September 1976 "Midway" and VA-115 operated off Korea following the murder of U.S. service personnel in the demilitarized zone by the North Koreans. In the Spring/Summer of 1977, VA-115 transitioned to the A-6E. The "Arabs" of VA-115 then became the "Eagles," officially changing the nickname in March 1978.
From April to May 1979 the USS "Midway", with VA-115 embarked, deployed to the Gulf of Aden to relieve the USS "Constellation" and maintain a U.S. carrier presence following the outbreak of fighting between North and South Yemen and the fall of the Shah of Iran. As a response to anti-American demonstrations in Iran, "Midway" and her air wing, including VA-115, were ordered to deploy to the Indian Ocean for the second time from October to December 1979, when an Iranian mob also seized the American Embassy and its staff.
1980s.
In May and June 1980 following the massacre of several hundred people in the city of Kwangju, South Korea, the squadron operated from "Midway" off the coast of South Korea until the crisis subsided. "Midway" operated again off South Korea in December 1981 following political unrest. During the Summer Olympics of September 1988 in Seoul, South Korea, the squadron was embarked on "Midway" operating in the Sea of Japan to demonstrate U.S. support for a peaceful Olympics.
1990s.
The "Eagles" deployed again to the Middle East in support of re-flagged Kuwaiti tankers in the Persian Gulf. In October 1990, the "Eagles" deployed to the North Persian Gulf in support of Operation Desert Shield. On January 17, 1991, "Eagle" Intruders launched from the deck of "Midway" against Iraqi targets to mark the beginning of Operation Desert Storm. In total, the "Eagles" flew 456 combat sorties and delivered 724,000 pounds of ordnance against enemy targets in Iraq and occupied Kuwait. The squadron also was credited with the confirmed destruction of 12 Iraqi naval vessels.
In 1992, the squadron deployed aboard USS "Independence", USS "Midway's" relief as the Navy's forward deployed aircraft carrier homeported in Japan.
VA-115 again deployed to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Southern Watch enforcing United Nations resolutions against Iraq. The "Eagles" were awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation for their performance flying 115 combat missions over Iraq. In 1993, VA-115 deployed to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Southern Watch, and in 1994 the "Eagles" received four aircraft with night vision device capability. In 1996, VA-115 supported contingency operations in the vicinity of Taiwan and again supported Operation Southern Watch.
In October 1996, the "Eagles" conducted a homeport change to NAS Lemoore, California and began transition to their fifth aircraft, the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18C "Hornet". They were redesignated as Strike Fighter Squadron 115 (VFA-115) on September 30, 1996. The squadron accepted 12 F/A-18Cs in six months and joined CVW-14 on board USS "Abraham Lincoln". In June 1998 the "Eagles" deployed to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Southern Watch.
After two deployments in the "C" model Hornet, the squadron was chosen to be the first Navy squadron to transition to the F/A-18E "Super Hornet". VFA-115 was also the first fleet squadron to receive the Advanced Tactical Forward Looking InfraRed targeting pod.
2000s.
In July 2002, the "Eagles" embarked on the first fleet "Super Hornet" combat deployment, flying 214 combat missions in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Southern Watch (OSW). The "Eagles" dropped 22 JDAM on 14 targets in Iraq, before taking part in Operation Iraqi Freedom. Before hostilities ceased on April 9, 2003, the Eagles dropped 170 t (380,000 lb) of ordnance and passed 1.2 mio l (3.5 mio lb) of fuel in the tanker support role. This wartime performance earned the "Eagles" and the "Lincoln" Battle Group the Navy Unit Commendation (the sixth awarded to VFA-115).
In May 2004, the "Eagles" deployed aboard USS "John C. Stennis". In support of the "Fleet Response Plan", the "Eagles" participated in various joint exercises including "Northern Edge", "Rim of the Pacific", "Joint Air and Sea Exercise" and a MIG-29 passage exercise. Additionally, VFA-115 authored a comprehensive joint doctrine for maritime interdiction. This document was adopted by Commander Pacific Fleet and Chief of Naval Operations as the model for joint employment, and is today the primary training focus for deploying U.S. West Coast strike groups. The "Eagle’s" were awarded the coveted Commander Naval Air Pacific Battle Efficiency Award for 2004.
In January 2006, the "Eagles" deployed aboard USS "Ronald Reagan" to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. On 22 February 2006, F/A-18E Super Hornets assigned to VFA-115 became the first aircraft launched from the flight deck of USS "Ronald Reagan" to drop ordnance on enemy targets in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. VFA-115 flew hundreds of combat sorties providing close air support for the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps, tanking for the carrier-based aircraft, and maritime interdiction for the strike group.
In January 2007, VFA-115 again deployed aboard "Ronald Reagan", returning in April 2007 to resume shore based flight training at Naval Air Station Lemoore. On 19 May 2008 VFA-115 started another deployment aboard "Ronald Reagan" to the Western Pacific and the Indian Ocean.
On May 28, 2009, VFA-115 deployed with Carrier Air Wing 14 aboard "Reagan" to the 7th and 5th Fleet Areas of Responsibility.
On December 13, 2009, VFA-115 arrived in Naval Air Facility Atsugi to replace VFA-192 as a forward deployed squadron under Carrier Air Wing 5.

</doc>
<doc id="5887361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887361" title="Lehi, son of Helaman">
Lehi, son of Helaman

According to the Book of Mormon, Lehi was a son of Helaman and was a Nephite missionary. He and his elder brother Nephi lived in the 1st century BC and had many missionary experiences together. The main events of their missions are recorded in the fifth chapter of The Book of Helaman. Lehi was named after his ancestor, Lehi, whose family immigrated to the New World from Jerusalem around 600 BC. Helaman taught his two sons to keep the commandments and to walk uprightly before God, as their namesakes had done.
Mission to the Nephites.
Lehi's brother Nephi was the Chief Judge of the Nephites. After he resigned from the position, he joined Lehi in devoting the balance of their lives to the preaching of the Word of God. Their first missionary efforts were among the Nephites, where they found success in prophesies and calling them to repentance, as they traveled to various Nephite cities. 
The next phase of their labors took them to the Lamanites in the land of Zarahemla, where they also met Nephite dissenters who had joined the Lamanites. As they taught with great power, many dissenters were confounded, humbled themselves, and eventually were baptized unto repentance. These Nephites returned to their people to try to repair the wrongs which they had done.
Missions to the Lamanites.
Lehi and Nephi then turned their attention to the Lamanites where the power and authority of their words came with great astonishment to the Lamanites, insomuch that 8,000 souls were convinced of the wickedness of the traditions of their fathers, and were baptized unto repentance. 
Lehi and Nephi then traveled to the land of Nephi where a Lamanite army captured and cast them into prison – the same prison that once held Ammon and his brethren.
Miracles at the Lamanite prison.
After many days of imprisonment without food, the Lamanites came to slay them. As they were approached, Lehi and Nephi were suddenly encircled about by a pillar of fire, which protected them from harm from their captors. Their hearts did take courage by this miracle and emboldened them to testify of God’s power and spoke marvelous words. As they did so, the earth and the walls of the prison shook exceedingly, a thick cloud of darkness and fear came over their captors, and a voice with perfect mildness call them to repentance. The quake and the voice came a second and a third time, and spoke marvelous words that cannot be uttered by man. The Lamanites were immovable because of the cloud of darkness which did overshadow them and the fear that it struck within them. There was a dissenter among them, a Nephite by birth who belonged to the Church of God at one time, and whose name was Aminadab. He told the Lamanites that he saw the faces of Lehi and Nephi, through the cloud of darkness; and their faces did shine exceedingly, even as the faces of angels; that they were conversing with angels, and that the Lamanites should repent. They all had a change of heart and each one was encircled about with a pillar of fire. The Holy Spirit came down and filled their hearts. They heard the voice of the Father testify of His Well Beloved. As they looked to see from whence the voice came, they saw the heavens open and angels came down and ministered unto them. There were about three hundred souls who saw and heard these things. These witnesses went forth in all the regions round about, ministering unto the people, and declaring what they saw and heard, insomuch that the majority of the Lamanites were convinced, laid down their weapons of war, and also their hatred. They gave back to the Nephites the lands of their possession.
Second mission to the Nephites.
Through these experiences, Lehi and Nephi became instrumental in causing the Lamanites to become more righteous than the Nephites, because of the peoples firmness and steadiness in the faith. The two brothers, along with many converted Lamanites, came down to the land of Zarahemla and to the land North, which was called Mulek, to mingle in fellowship with the Church of God and to preach His Word, helping to cause great peace, prosperity, and joy among the Nephites.

</doc>
<doc id="5887363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887363" title="Aviation between the World Wars">
Aviation between the World Wars

The period in the History of aviation between the end of World War I (1918) and the beginning of World War II (1939) was characterised by a progressive change from the slow wood-and-fabric biplanes of World War I to fast, streamlined metal monoplanes, creating a revolution in both commercial and military aviation. By the outbreak of World War II in 1939 the biplane was all but obsolete. This revolution was made possible by the continuing development of lightweight aero engines of increasing power. The jet engine also began development during the 1930s but would not see operational use until later.
During this period civil aviation became widespread and many daring and dramatic feats took place such as round-the-world flights, air races and barnstorming displays. Many commercial airlines were started during this period. Long-distance flights for the luxury traveller became possible for the first time; the early services used airships but, after the Hindenburg disaster, airships fell out of use and the flying boat came to dominate.
In military aviation, the fast all-metal monoplane emerged in such classic designs as the German Messerschmitt Bf 109 and the British Supermarine Spitfire, which would go on to see service in the coming war.
This period is sometimes called the Golden Age of Aviation.
Airships.
A number of nations operated airships between the two world wars, including Britain, the United States, Germany, Italy, France, the Soviet Union and Japan.
This period marked the great age of the airship. Before the First World War, pioneers such as the German Zeppelin company had begun passenger services, but the airships constructed in the years following were altogether larger and more famous. Large airships were also experimented with for military purposes, notably the American construction of two airborne aircraft carriers, but their huge gas bags made them vulnerable and the idea was dropped. This period also saw the introduction of non-flammable helium as a lifting gas, while the more dangerous hydrogen continued to be used due to its lower cost and wider availability.
In 1919 the British airship "R34" flew a double-crossing of the Atlantic and in 1926 the Italian semi-rigid airship, "Norge" was the first aircraft confirmed to fly over the North Pole.
The first American-built rigid airship, the , flew in 1923. The "Shenandoah" was the first to use helium, which was in such short supply that the one airship contained most of the world's reserves.
The US Navy explored the idea of using airships as airborne aircraft carriers. Whereas the British had experimented with a plane trapeze on their "R33" many years before, the Americans built hangars into two new airships and even designed specialist airplanes for them. The and were the world's largest airshipt at the time, with each carrying four F9C Sparrowhawk fighters in its hangar. Although successful, the idea was not taken further. By the time the Navy started to develop a sound doctrine for using these airships, both had been lost in accidents. More significantly, the seaplane had become more mature and was considered a better investment.
The Empire State Building, then the tallest building in the world, was completed in 1931 with a dirigible mast, in anticipation of passenger airship service.
The most famous airships today are the passenger-carrying rigid airships made by the German Zeppelin company, especially the "Graf Zeppelin" of 1928 and the "Hindenburg" of 1936.
The "Graf Zeppelin" was intended to stimulate interest in passenger airships, and was the largest airship that could be built in the company's existing shed. Its engines ran on "blau gas", similar to propane, which was stored in large gas bags below the hydrogen cells. Since its density was similar to that of air, it avoided any weight change as fuel was used, and thus the need to valve hydrogen. The "Graf" became the first aircraft to fly all the way around the world.
Airship operations suffered a series of highly publicised fatal accidents, notably to the British R101 in 1930 and the German Hindenburg in 1937. Following the Hindenburg disaster, the age of the great airships was effectively over.
Aeronautical advances.
During the late 1920s and early 1930s the available power from aero engines increased significantly, making possible the adoption of the fast cantilever-wing monoplane. The high mechanical stresses required by this design suited the all-metal aircraft construction techniques pioneered by some earlier designers, and the increasing availability of high strength-to-weight alloys such as Dural made it practicable.
The de Havilland DH.88 Comet racer of 1934 was one of the first designs to incorporate all the features of the modern fast monoplane, including; stressed-skin construction, a thin, clean, low-drag cantilever wing, retractable undercarriage, landing flaps, variable-pitch propeller and enclosed cockpit. Unusually for such a highly stressed wing at that time it was still made of wood, with the thin stressed-skin design made possible by the appearance of new high-strength synthetic resin adhesives.
The Comet was powered by two race-tuned but otherwise standard production de Havilland Gipsy Six engines with a combined output of 460 hp (344 kW). This compares for example on the one hand to the single 180 hp motor fitted to the Junkers CL.I all-metal monoplane of 1918 and to the 1,172 hp Rolls-Royce Merlin C development engine which powered the prototype Spitfire in 1936.
In the 1930s development of the jet engine began in Germany and in England. In England Frank Whittle patented a design for a jet engine in 1930 and towards the end of the decade began developing an engine. In Germany Hans von Ohain patented his version of a jet engine in 1936 and began developing a similar engine. The two men were unaware of the other's work, and both Germany and Britain would go on to develop jet aircraft by the end of World War II. In Hungary, György Jendrassik began construction of the world's first turboprop engine.
Civil aviation.
Many aviation firsts occurred during this period. Long-distance flights by pioneers such as Alcock and Brown, Charles Lindbergh and Amy Johnson blazed a trail which new commercial airlines soon followed.
Many of these new routes had few facilities such as modern runways, and this era also became the age of the great flying boats such as the German Dornier Do X, American Sikorsky S-42 and British Short Empire, which could operate from any stretch of clear, calm water.
This period also saw the growth of barnstorming and other aerobatic displays which produced a corps of skilled pilots who would contribute to military air forces during World War II on all sides of the conflict.
Military aviation.
In military aviation, the fast all-metal monoplane emerged slowly. During the 1920s the high-wing parasol monoplane vied with the traditional biplane. It was not until the arrival of the American Boeing P-26 Peashooter in 1932 that the low-wing monoplane began to gain favour, reaching its classic form in such designs as the German Messerschmitt Bf 109 of 1935 and the British Supermarine Spitfire of 1936, powered by new and powerful water-cooled vee-twelve engines respectively from Daimler-Benz and Rolls-Royce. The rotary engines common in the First War quickly fell out of favour, being replaced by more powerful air-cooled radial engines such as the Pratt and Whitney Wasp series.

</doc>
<doc id="5887365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887365" title="VA115">
VA115

VA-115 has the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="5887367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887367" title="Ernest Gordon">
Ernest Gordon

Ernest Gordon (31 May 1916 – 16 January 2002) was the former Presbyterian dean of the chapel at Princeton University. A native of Scotland, as an officer in the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, Gordon spent three years in a Japanese prisoner of war (POW) camp during the Second World War. He chronicled his experiences on the Death Railway in his book "Through the Valley of the Kwai". The book served as an inspiration to the film "To End All Wars" which opened in 2001.
Wartime Service.
Ernest Gordon was a company commander with the 2nd Battalion, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders. He fought in several battles in the Malayan Campaign and the Battle of Singapore. He was one of the last Allied soldiers to cross the causeway from Johore before it was blown up. After the capture of Singapore, he escaped to Java, and attempted to sail several thousand miles from Padang to Sri Lanka with a group of other British officers in a native fishing boat. His boat was captured by some Japanese warships, and he was returned to Singapore as a prisoner of war.
Internment.
Ernest found his sense of self and spirituality while a prisoner and one of the participant soldiers who helped build The Bridge on the River Kwai. As history shows, the Japanese were especially cruel to their prisoners. The death rate was quite high. He underwent very torturous events, that led to his being placed in the "Death Ward" designated for those who were not expected to survive. (These conditions included malnutrition, beriberi, malaria, tropical ulcer, and an appendectomy.) 
He was treated there by two special soldiers in their late twenties, a Methodist named "Dusty Miller", a simple gardener from Newcastle upon Tyne; and "Dinty" Moore a devout Roman Catholic. The two gave 24-hour care to Ernest. They would boil rags and clean and massage Ernest's diseased legs every day. To the great surprise of everyone, Ernest survived, and as a consequence many of the POWs experienced a revival of faith and hope for life. Ernest, an agnostic, was impressed by Dusty's simplicity and firm Christian faith in the face of the severe treatment the prisoners received at the hands of their captors. Dusty was one who did not lose faith and never met the cruel treatment he received with anger. 
In a surprising turn of events, Ernest survived the war. Upon liberation as he sought news of his friends he found that two weeks before the war's end Dusty had been crucified by a Japanese guard who was frustrated with Dusty's sense of calm in the face of hardship. Dinty, whom Ernest cared for and admired profoundly died when the Allies sank his unmarked prisoner transport ship.
Post war.
Ernest eventually moved to America where he became the dean of the chapel at Princeton University.

</doc>
<doc id="5887372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887372" title="Beladingala Baale">
Beladingala Baale

Beladingala Baale () is a 1995 Kannada movie directed by Sunil Kumar Desai, starring Anant Nag and Suman Nagarkar. It is based on a Telugu novel titled "Vennelalo Aadapilla" by Yandamoori Veerendranath which was translated into Kannada by Vamshi titled "Beladingala Baale". It was later serialised in "Sudha", a Kannada weekly magazine. The Kannada and Telugu titles loosely translate to "lady in the moonlight."
Plot details.
"Beladingala Baale" is the tale of a chess player Revanth (Anant Nag). Revanth is the only Grandmaster from India and gains worldwide fame when he becomes the world champion by beating Polonski, the reigning world champion. He returns to Bangalore where he works as an assistant executive for Kanara Advertising Service. Revanth is congratulated by all his colleagues including his boss and close friend James (Ramesh Bhat). He is, however, disappointed because he even though he has won an international tournament, he has absolutely no fans, very limited press coverage and no sort of recognition from the society. As he is expressing his disappointment to James, he gets a call from a lady who claims that she is his fan and is calling to congratulate him personally. However, she refuses to reveal her name, instead challenges Revanth to identify her within the next half an hour, with the only clue that her name starts with R. He takes up the challenge and comes up with lots of Indian names starting with R but is not able to identify her. The lady disconnects the call as she gets offended by some of the names suggested by Revanth — which were actually provided to Revanth by James.
After a couple of days, she calls again, and he apologizes for his behavior. He is mesmerized by her voice and really falls for her. He expresses his desire to meet her. She accepts only if he can find out the number where she is calling him from in the next two minutes. She gives a puzzle for him to solve saying the answer would lead him to her phone number. Revanth solves it badly and goes to a wrong phone booth and gets in trouble. Revanth gets frustrated by his failure to identify her name and number. James suggests him to take the help of a telephone exchange to find from where the calls are coming. They fail to do that, but James meets a girl who is a telephone operator with whom he has an affair.
Revanth ends up in lot of trouble like getting arrested by the police for being in a room where a girl committed suicide, goes on to extreme tasks like measuring the angle of Dr Ambedkar's hand in front of Vidhana Soudha all to find out the phone number and address of the mysterious women. "Beladingala Baale" gives Revanth one month to find where she lives. In the meantime, based on the clues in a letter posted by the mysterious lady, Revanth determines that her name is Ramya.
Revanth has an upcoming tournament against Polonski, who is visiting India. However, before playing Polonski Revanth has to win against the local chess master Prabhakar (Avinash). On the day of the match, he is accused of hypnotizing Prabhakar with a lemon in his pants which was actually given by a novelist called Seetharam. He is taking revenge as Revanth refused to write testimony for his book. Revanth is disqualified from the game and has to resign from his job, too. But when he was about to resign, Beladingala Baale calls him, encourages him not to give up, and to fight this allegation. She suggests that he should challenge Prabhakar and six other chess players into playing against him simultaneously, where he would play blindfolded. Revanth decides to try out her suggestion and challenges Prabhakar and six others. He successfully defeats each one of them, his tarnished image is cleared and he is hailed as a true champion.
Meanwhile James tells Revanth that he is getting married to Sulochana (Vanita Vasu), the telephone operator who helped them out while tapping his phone. Revanth tells Ramya over the phone that he is happy for James and expresses a desire to meet Ramya. She tells him to decode her address fast as the deadline is only four days away.
There are only a couple of days left and Revanth gets frustrated by his failure. He has a match against Polonski on the same day Ramya's deadline expires. He has to go to Delhi for the match. Ramya calls him and tells him that he can meet her right way as she is giving a party to her friends at Ashoka hotel and if he can arrive there in five minutes he can catch her. Revanth goes to Ashoka hotel but could only see her hand decorated with jewels in a room filled with her friends. Revanth then calls up James and asks him to come to the hotel with five of his friends on bikes. James arrives there with his friends and Revanth asks them to follow Beladingala Baale's friends individually as he is confident that one of them will go to meet Ramya. Revanth's plan backfires as his friends themselves get caught by the women while following them. He has to leave for his match to Delhi and he heads to the airport.
While playing against Polonski, Revanth is constantly disturbed as he has only a few hours to decipher Ramya's address. In fact, the moves he makes in the chess game start to solve the puzzles that Beladingala Baale had given him to find her address. He messes up his chess moves but he finds her address there. He realizes from the clues given by her that her house is in JP Nagar, Bangalore. Polonski wins the match, but Revanth exclaims, “You have won this match, but I have won the match of my life". He calls James and tells him to search for posh houses in JP Nagar which are named Ramya. He also calls Sulochana and asks her to find the phone number of anyone whose name or company starts with Ramya in JP Nagar. From this he finds her number as 6137336.
As he rushes out of Bangalore airport, he is met by Ramya's father. Revanth explains to him that there are still couple of minutes for the deadline to expire and he has identified the address and phone number so he has won the bet. Ramya's father asks him to accompany him to their home. On the way home in their car he hands a letter written by Ramya to Revanth. Ramya writes in the letter that she had a rare disease and had only six months to live. She wanted to make friends and not tell anyone about her disease. Revanth is devastated by her letter. Her father invites him inside but instead he turns around and starts walking away without even looking at her. On being asked, he tells James that she was in his imagination and he wants to keep her alive in his imagination, so he will not see her dead body. The film ends as he walks out of her house's entryway.
Reviews.
The film got rave reviews from the critics. The commercial response did not quite match the critical reception of the film. "The Hindu" in its review said, "Beladingala Baale stands out for its screenplay, unusual dimensions and the multilayered plot. At the outset, the film is the story of an Indian chess grandmaster pursued by an anonymous woman caller who claims to be his fan. However, it results in an inner quest for the grandmaster as he literally sets out to search down the elusive caller."
Awards.
"Beladingala Baale" was selected for a retrospective of Kannada films at the second Bangalore International Film Festival in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5887377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887377" title="Fran Curci">
Fran Curci

Fran Curci (born June 11, 1938) is a former American football player and coach. He was an All-American quarterback at the University of Miami in 1959. He served as head coach at the University of Tampa from 1968 to 1970, the University of Miami from 1971 to 1972 and the University of Kentucky from 1973 to 1981.
Curci lead the University of Tampa Spartans to a 25–6 record in three seasons (1968–1970). After his team defeated the Miami Hurricanes at the Orange Bowl in 1970, and Tampa finished that season 10–1, he was hired by the University of Miami.
Curci's record at Miami was 9–13. He was head coach at Miami during the infamous "Florida Flop" in 1971, when the University of Florida's defensive players allowed Miami to score a touchdown late in the fourth quarter by dropping to the ground mid-play so that University of Florida quarterback John Reaves could get the ball back and set an NCAA career passing record. Florida won the game 45–16. Curci refused to shake hands with Florida coach Doug Dickey after the game, and was quoted as saying, "I lost all respect for as a coach and as a man. What he did shows no class... I think he made a fool of himself."
During his tenure at the University of Kentucky, Curci compiled a record of 47–51–2. He led the team to their second Southeastern Conference championship in 1976. The 1976 Kentucky Wildcats finished 9–3, 5–1 in conference play, and defeated North Carolina in the Peach Bowl 21–0, finishing ranked #18 in the final Associated Press poll. The 1977 Wildcats finished 10–1, including a win at #4 Penn State and an undefeated record in conference play. The 1977 squad did not go to a bowl game and were ineligible for the conference championship due to NCAA sanctions incurred the previous year, but finished the season ranked #6 in the final Associated Press poll. 
Curci's tenure as Kentucky's coach ended after 9 seasons, longest of any Kentucky coach. In his final game as Kentucky's coach, Curci led the Wildcats to a 21–10 victory over Tennessee on November 21, 1981.
Curci later coached in arena football with the Tampa Bay Storm in 1991, the Cincinnati Rockers in 1992, and did radio broadcasts for Tampa Bay Buccaneers and college football games.
After leaving coaching, Curci served as Parks Commissioner for the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Curci now lives in Tampa and volunteers at the VA hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="5887378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887378" title="Troy Dungan">
Troy Dungan

William Troy Dungan Jr. (born November 17, 1936), better known as Troy Dungan, is an American weatherman presenting for "News/Talk 820" 47-1 KTXD-TV, effective October 1, 2012. He was formerly the chief weather anchor for both WFAA-TV and WBAP.
Dungan graduated from Baylor University, where he earned a Bachelor's degree. He received private meteorological training from the National Engineering Science Company in Houston, Texas whilst employed at KTRK-TV.
Dungan began his career at KWTX-TV in Waco, Texas in 1958. After working in Orlando, KTRK-TV in Houston, WCAU in Philadelphia, and then ABC O&O WXYZ-TV in Detroit—Dungan joined WFAA-TV as chief weather anchor on July 19, 1976. Whilst at WCAU he was the first weatherman to use the current 5-day forecast system. Before 1976, weather predictions were typically for a maximum of two days ahead.
Since July 19, 2006, the day of Dungan's 30th anniversary with WFAA-TV, he has presented the weather only during News 8 at Six, with Pete Delkus taking over his duties at News 8 at Five and The News 8 Update (10 p.m.). This was to facilitate the transition from Dungan to Delkus as chief meteorologist/weather anchor for WFAA-TV. Troy's last day was July 18, 2007.
On July 20, 2012, KTXD announced a morning news program called 'The Texas Daily' which would be hosted by former WFAA anchor Jeff Brady, amongst other contributors: Tracy Rowlett, Iola Johnson, Rebecca Rodriguez, Troy Dungan, Jolene DeVito, Scott Murray, Gary Cogill, John Criswell, Robert Riggs, Midge Hill, Phyllis Watson, Debbie Denmon, Suzie Humphreys, Don Wall, and John Sparks. The news program launched on October 1, 2012.
Awards.
Since then he has been named the Best Television Weathercaster by the Texas Associated Press Broadcasters Association eight times. The "Dallas Observer" has named Dungan the Best Television Weathercaster five times. Dungan has also received the Knight of the Press Award, and special recognition from the National Oceanic Atmospheric Association Research Flight Facility for his work on a documentary film dealing with the subject of hurricanes. The Dallas Press Club has also bestowed the Katie Award onto him. During his last week as chief weather anchor, the National Weather Service gave Dungan an award for his service to the weather community.
Personal.
Known for his trademark bow ties, Troy doesn't wear one on Thanksgiving. For reasons that are unknown, it is the only day of the year when he never wears a bow tie.
He started wearing bow ties in 1974 on WXYZ-TV after an ice-fishing story on Pontiac Lake.
Dungan is currently the spokesman for 'Santa's Helpers', which provides thousands of toys to needy children throughout Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas.
Dungan and wife Janet have three children; Leah, Dana, and Wyn-Erin.

</doc>
<doc id="5887388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887388" title="Festspiel Baden-Baden">
Festspiel Baden-Baden

The Festspiel Baden-Baden (Baden-Baden Festival) is a series of festivals presented by the Festspielhaus Baden-Baden in Baden-Baden, Germany. The programme is structured around five annual festival periods dispersed throughout the year. The Easter, Whitsun, Summer, Autumn and Winter Festivals each incorporate at least one opera production and several classical concerts.
A typical year contains four festivals of one week each:
Major opera productions at Festspielhaus Baden-Baden to date include "La traviata" (Valery Gergiev, conductor / Philippe Arlaud, director, 2001), "Fidelio" (Simone Young, conductor / Philippe Arlaud, director, 2002), "Die Entführung aus dem Serail" (Marc Minkowski, conductor / Macha Makeïeff and Jérôme Deschamps, directors, 2003), "The Ring of the Nibelung" (Valery Gergiev, musical direction and concept / George Tsypin, stage design, 2003/2004), "Rigoletto" (Thomas Hengelbrock, conductor / Philippe Arlaud, director, 2004), "Parsifal" (Kent Nagano, conductor / Nikolaus Lehnhoff, director, 2004) and "Die Zauberflöte" (Claudio Abbado, conductor / Daniele Abbado, director, 2005).
See also.
List of opera festivals

</doc>
<doc id="5887399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887399" title="Andalusia (Milledgeville, Georgia)">
Andalusia (Milledgeville, Georgia)

Andalusia is the name of Southern American author Flannery O'Connor's rural Georgia estate. The estate is located in Baldwin County, Georgia, approximately northwest of Milledgeville. It comprises , including the house where O'Connor wrote some of her last and best-known fiction.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and opened to the public in 2003. The estate is currently maintained by The Andalusia Foundation, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="5887420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887420" title="1995 NASCAR Busch Series">
1995 NASCAR Busch Series

The 1995 NASCAR Busch Series Season was held February 18 and ended November 5. Johnny Benson of BACE Motorsports won the championship.
Goody's 300.
The Goody's 300 was held February 18 at Daytona International Speedway. Michael Waltrip won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Goodwrench 200.
The Goodwrench 200 was held February 25 at North Carolina Speedway. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Hardee's 250.
The Hardee's 250 was held March 4 at Richmond International Raceway. Chad Little won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Busch Light 300.
The Busch Light 300 was held March 11 at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Mark Martin won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Opryland USA 320.
The Opryland USA 320 was held March 17 at Nashville Speedway USA. Darrell Waltrip won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Mark III Vans 200.
The Mark III Vans 200 was held March 25 at Darlington Raceway. Tim Fedewa won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Goody's 250.
The Goody's 250 was held April 1 at Bristol Motor Speedway. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Sundrop 400.
The Sundrop 400 was held April 15 at Hickory Motor Speedway. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
NE Chevy Dealers 250.
The NE Chevy Dealers 250 was held May 13 at New Hampshire International Speedway. Mike McLaughlin won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Meridian Advantage 200.
The Meridian Advantage 200 was held May 21 at Nazareth Speedway. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Red Dog 300.
The Red Dog 300 was held May 27 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Rich Bickle won the pole.
Top Ten Results
GM Goodwrench/Delco 200.
The GM Goodwrench/Delco 200 was held June 3 at Dover International Speedway. Tracy Leslie won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Carolina Pride / Red Dog 250.
The Carolina Pride / Red Dog 250 was held June 10 at Myrtle Beach Speedway. Jeff Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Lysol 200.
The Lysol 200 was held June 25 at Watkins Glen International Raceway. Terry Labonte won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Sears Auto Center 250.
The Sears Auto Center 250 was held July 2 at The Milwaukee Mile. Dennis Setzer won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Humminbird Fishfinder 500K.
The Humminbird Fishfinder 500K was held July 22 at Talladega Superspeedway. Jeff Purvis won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Ford Credit 300.
The Ford Credit 300 was held July 29 at South Boston Speedway. Curtis Markham won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Kroger 200.
The Kroger 200 was held August 4 at Indianapolis Raceway Park. Elton Sawyer won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Detroit Gasket 200.
The Detroit Gasket 200 was held August 19 at Michigan International Speedway. Dale Jarrett won the pole. Jarrett had led the most laps in the race and won, but was disqualified for a rules violation, giving the win to Mark Martin.
Top Ten Results
Food City 250.
The Food City 250 was held August 25 at Bristol Motor Speedway. Stevie Reeves won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Gatorade 200.
The Gatorade 200 was held September 2 at Darlington Raceway. Larry Pearson won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Autolite 250.
The Autolite 250 was held September 8 at Richmond International Raceway. Randy LaJoie won the pole.
Top Ten Results
MBNA 200.
The MBNA 200 was held September 16 at Dover International Speedway. Jason Keller won the pole.
Top Ten Results
All Pro Bumper to Bumper 300.
The All Pro Bumper to Bumper 300 was held October 7 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Bobby Dotter won the pole.
Top Ten Results
AC-Delco 200.
The AC-Delco 200 was held October 21 at North Carolina Speedway. Johnny Benson won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Jiffy Lube Miami 300.
The inaugural Jiffy Lube Miami 300 was held November 5 at the Miami-Dade Homestead Motorsports Complex. Joe Nemechek won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Rookie of the Year.
Jeff Fuller, driving for the first-year ST Motorsports was named the 1995 Busch Series Rookie of the Year, finishing in the top-ten six times. His closest runner-up was Curtis Markham, who finished 15th in the final standings. Buckshot Jones and David Bonnett were the only two contenders that season, both of whom ran limited schedules that season.

</doc>
<doc id="5887430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887430" title="1964–65 Intertoto Cup">
1964–65 Intertoto Cup

The 1964–65 Intertoto Cup was won by Polonia Bytom, losing finalists the previous season, who defeated Lokomotive Leipzig in the final - believed to be the first held over two legs in the tournament's history. A total of 44 clubs participated, down four on the previous season, and clubs from Bulgaria and Greece took part for the first time. The competition was also affected by the decision of UEFA to prevent clubs who were taking part in the European Cup or UEFA Cup Winners' Cup continuing games in other European competitions after the end of the summer break. These clubs had to be given byes through the knock-out rounds until they were eliminated from the UEFA competitions, or withdrawn entirely.
Group stage.
The teams were divided into eleven groups of four clubs each, it proving impossible to secure enough club to fill twelve groups. The groups were divided geographically - 'A' for Belgium, the Netherlands, Switzerland and West Germany; 'B' for Austria, Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, East Germany, Poland, Yugoslavia and one club from Sweden; while 'C' (which had only 3 groups) was for France, Greece and Sweden, as well as one club each from Czechoslovakia, Poland and West Germany, and two from Yugoslavia, to make up the numbers. The eleven group winners (shown in bold in the tables below) advanced to the knock-out rounds.
Group A1.
The Feyenoord v Liege match has also been reported as 1–0, but was officially recorded as 2–0; while the Liege v Feyenoord match has also been reported as 0–4, but was officially recorded as 0–3.
Group A4.
The Liege v Saarbrücken match has also been reported as 2–0, but was officially recorded as 3–0.
Group C1.
Olympiacos participated in two matches (away to NK Dinamo, home to Toulouse) before withdrawing and their record being taken over by copatriots Panionios. Toulouse were awarded a 3–0 win due to not showing of Panionios/Olympiacos.
Semi-finals.
The Leipzig v Berlin tie has also been reported as 4–0 4–1 and 4–1 4–0 (first leg in Leipzig in both cases), but was officially recorded as 1–4 0–4 (first leg in Berlin).

</doc>
<doc id="5887441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887441" title="Core-Mark">
Core-Mark

Core-Mark Holding Company () is a supplier of consumer package goods to retailers in the United States.
History.
Core-Mark was started in San Francisco in 1888 by the Glaser brothers. After multi-generational ownership, the Glaser family sold the Company to David Gillespie in 1974 who took the Company public by listing on the Toronto Stock Exchange in 1984. By late 1987, private equity firms were an integral part of the ownership and the Company went private in 1989. Core-Mark remained private until June of 2002 when it was sold to Fleming. Less than one year later, Fleming filed for bankruptcy taking Core-Mark with them. By August of 2004, Core-Mark had emerged from the Fleming Bankruptcy under the direction of President and CEO J. Michael Walsh. The company went public again in 2005 and listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange. Michael remained the CEO until his retirement in January of 2013. His successor was Thomas B. Perkins who continues to lead the Company.
Core-Mark Holding Company, Inc..
Core-Mark is one of the largest marketers of fresh and broad-line supply solutions to the convenience retail industry in North America. Founded in 1888, Core-Mark offers a full range of products, marketing programs and technology solutions to approximately 30,000 customer locations in the U.S. and Canada. The Company operates 30 distribution centers including two, which are operated as a third party logistics provider. Core-Mark's headquarters are in South San Francisco California and it employees about 5500 employees through-out North America. Core-Mark services traditional convenience retailers, grocers, drug, liquor and specialty stores, and other stores that carry convenience products.

</doc>
<doc id="5887445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887445" title="Changes to Old English vocabulary">
Changes to Old English vocabulary

Many words that existed in Old English did not survive into Modern English. There are also many words in Modern English that bear little or no resemblance in meaning to their Old English etymons. Some linguists estimate that as much as 80 percent of the lexicon of Old English was lost by the end of the Middle English period, including a large number of words formed by compounding, e.g. "bōchūs" ('bookhouse', 'library'), yet we still retain the component parts 'book' and 'house'. Certain categories of words seem to have been especially vulnerable. Nearly all words relating to sexual intercourse and sexual organs were supplanted by words of Latin or Ancient Greek origin. Many, if not most, of the words in Modern English that are used in polite conversation to describe body parts and bodily functions are of Latin or Greek origin. The words which were used in Old English for these same purposes are now mostly either extinct or considered crude or vulgar, such as arse/ass.
Some words became extinct while other near-synonyms of Old English origin replaced them ('limb' survives, yet "lið" is gone or survives dialectally as lith). Many of these linguistic changes were brought on by the introduction of Old Norse and Norman French words, while others fell away due to the natural processes of language evolution.
Animals.
Modern English has no Germanic words left that mean 'animal' in its most generic sense of 'non-human creature'. Old English "dēor", "gesceaft", "gesceap", "nēat" and "iht" were all eclipsed by 'animal', 'beast', 'creature' and 'critter', all of which are of Latin origin. 

</doc>
<doc id="5887472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887472" title="Aaron Chimbel">
Aaron Chimbel

Aaron Chimbel (born May 5, 1979 in Shawnee Mission, Kansas) is an American broadcast journalist.
Currently, he teaches journalism at Texas Christian University and advisor for the school's student news program, TCU News Now.
He was the MoJo or Mobile Journalist for the website of WFAA-TV in Dallas, TX, wfaa.com. He joined WFAA as their first ever digital field reporter in February 2006. He is among the first of a new breed of journalists producing original multi-media content for a television station's website.
Before joining WFAA, Aaron was a reporter for KWTX-TV based in Killeen, TX covering Fort Hood, Killeen, Temple and surrounding areas. Previously he was a producer at Texas Cable News (TXCN) in Dallas. He was also a co-producer for the documentary Soldier of God (2003).
Aaron graduated from Texas Christian University in 2002 and the prestigious Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism a year later, with a master of science degree.

</doc>
<doc id="5887475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887475" title="Château de Gaillon">
Château de Gaillon

The Château de Gaillon is a renaissance castle located in Gaillon, Haute-Normandie region of France.
History.
The somewhat battered and denuded Château de Gaillon, begun in 1502 on ancient foundationswas the summer archiepiscopal residence of Georges d'Amboise, Cardinal Archbishop of Rouen; he made of the old "château-fort" a palatial Early Renaissance structure of unparalleled luxury and magnificence, the most ambitious and significant French building project of its time. Isabella d'Este Gonzaga was kept abreast of its development from the Mantuan ambassador in France.
When in 1498 his patron, the duc d'Orléans, acceded to the throne as Louis XII, d'Amboise, who had spent much time in northern Italy on diplomatic missions and had been viceroy in Milan in 1500, where he had met Leonardo da Vinci and other artists and humanists, was suddenly raised to the high position of cardinal and prime minister. He had access to the architect-engineer Fra Giocondo, who had been invited to France by the king, and to the Italian garden designer Pacello da Mercogliano. By 1508 Gaillon's splendid new ranges and gardens, one of the first Renaissance structures in France, were fit to receive Louis XII and his queen, Anne de Bretagne.
The Gothic range that formed an irregular outer court is entered through a massive gatehouse, remodeled in 1509, with octagonal corner towers and steep-pitched slate roofs. The decorative elements of its shallow-relief carvings in panels and pilasters are drawn from the Classical repertory. Behind the first, irregular court Cardinal d'Amboise constructed a range, the "Galerie des Cerfs" with the central triumphal gateway, the "Porte de Genes" (the "Genoa Gate"), which set apart a trapezoidal "cour d'honneur" surrounded with two-storey ranges, two facing one another with arcaded lower storeys. High pitched slate roofs were rhythmically pierced with dormers. A helical staircase tower stood in one corner.
The north range was the new "Grand'Maison", begun in 1502, which contained the suite of apartments of Cardinal d'Amboise. Between the chapel and the " Tour de la Sirène" at the northeast corner of the château, runs the vaulted gallery open to the view over the valley of the Seine. It is the first French loggia with an outward-looking aspect.
At the center of the court once stood the finest fountain in France, which received its own plate in Jacques Androuet du Cerceau's "Les Plus Excellents Bastiments de France". The fountain was commissioned 14 September 1506 from the Genoese sculptors Agostino Solari, Antonio della Porta and Pace Gazini, as a gift from the Republic of Venice to Cardinal d'Amboise, for having evicted the Sforza from Milan.
It was twenty-two feet high, surmounted by a sculpture of John the Baptist, whose presence was a reminder of such fountains' origins in baptismal fonts, above stacked vase-forms with lactating Graces and urinating boys by Bertrand de Meynal and Jérôme Pacherot. Masks spat water from two superposed basins above an octagonal tank with heraldic and emblemmatic bas-reliefs. At the time it was built the fountain at Gaillon perhaps had no equal in Italy, unless it was inspired by a feature in the gardens of Poggio Reale, laid out for Alfonso II of Naples. The lower octagonal Carrara marble basin was removed from Gaillon when the fountain was disassembled by the Cardinal de la Rochefoucauld in 1754 and set up in the gardens at Liancourt (Oise). In 1911 it was removed to the Château de la Rochefoucauld, where it may be seen today on the upper terrace.
From the main court a second turreted gatehouse in one corner opened onto a bridge across the moat that provided access to a large courtyard, on the far side of which a range of new buildings with a central towered gateway opened into the splendid enclosed parterre designed by Pacello da Mercogliano. Its wide central gravelled walk led through a central pavilion open in four directions to a two-story pavilion set into the far wall. The high ground to the left was planted with trees. On the right a long gallery enclosing the parterre separated it from the patterned beds of vegetables and fruit-trees on a lower level, beneath a massively buttressed retaining wall. A number of conservative features stand out in this project at the dawn of the French formal garden, notably the enclosure of the main parterre and the lack of cohesive linking the various features. "At Gaillon the possibilities of the terraced site are ignored as also had been the case at Blois, and the use of ramps or stairs to achieve an architectural unity did not seem as yet a possibility" (Adams 1969 p 18).
At Gaillon Charles Cardinal de Bourbon succeeded Cardinal d'Amboise. For him an avenue was cut through the woods of the uppermost garden level; it led to a terrace cut into the wooded slope with the "Maison Blanche", a two-story white marble pavilion with an arcaded lower story that was set on an artificial island at the end of a short canal; at the other end was a "hermitage" of rockwork rising from the center of a square water tank. Both the pavilion and the rockwork "Parnasse de Gaillon" contained grottos, the one natural, the other architectural. In 1566, when the Cardinal entertained Catherine de' Medici during the siege of Rouen at the height of the Wars of Religion, the "Maison Blanche" was the setting for a pastoral masque. The features were engraved by Jacques Androuet du Cerceau, whom William Howard Adams has suggested may have designed the ensemble (Adams 1969 p. 25-26, figs 17-18).
Gaillon received a long succession of royal guests: Henri III and Henri IV, Louis XIV, and chancellor Séguier.
Jacques-Nicolas Colbert, the son of Jean-Baptiste Colbert and Archbishop of Rouen, further embellished the château and its grounds with the work of Jules Hardouin-Mansart and André Le Nôtre.
Gaillon was burned out in a violent fire in 1764, but reconstructed: here the Cardinal de la Rochefoucauld received Benjamin Franklin and Louis XVI as a Carthusian monastery until the Revolution. Vandalized and emptied in 1790, it was sold as a national property and partly dismantled, then served as a penitentiary 1812-1827 before being sold again to a local farmer in 1834, with the laconic remark "Ce domaine est des plus beaux de France."
One section of Fra Giocondo's facade of Gaillon was removed under the direction of Alexandre Lenoir in the early nineteenth century for his museum of French monuments, in Paris. Lenoir's collection of architectural remnants stood on land across the Seine from the Louvre, the very ground that the French government provided for the establishment of the Ecole des Beaux Arts around 1830. At the direction of architect Felix Duban the portal was integrated into the courtyard design and served as a model for students of architecture. Recently the elements of the "Galerie des Cerfs" and the "Porte de Gênes" have been restored to their original positions at Gaillon once again.
The Château is distinctly battered in its present appearance. An idea of the refinement of its furnishing can be derived from the marble bas-relief of St, George and the Dragon, executed in 1508 for the high chapel by Michel Colombe, now at the Louvre Museum, Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="5887491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887491" title="Richard W. Murphy">
Richard W. Murphy

Richard W. Murphy (born 1929) is an American diplomat.
Biography.
Early life.
Richard William Murphy was born on July 29, 1929 in Boston, Massachusetts. After graduating from Phillips Exeter Academy in 1947, he received BAs from Harvard University in 1951 and from Emmanuel College, University of Cambridge in 1953. From 1953 to 1955, he served in the U.S. Army. 
Career.
He started his career in the United States Foreign Service as Vice Consul in Salisbury, Rhodesia (1955–58). From 1959 to 1971, he worked for the Middle Eastern Bureau. He was the United States ambassador to Mauritania from 1971 to 1974, to Syria from 1974 to 78, to the Philippines from 1978 to 1981, and to Saudi Arabia from 1981 to 1983. He served as the United States Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern and South Asian Affairs from 1983 to 1989.
From October 1, 1993 to June 30, 2004 he served as director of the Middle East Rountable at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Personal life.
He is married to Anne Cook and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="5887497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887497" title="Amama Mbabazi">
Amama Mbabazi

Patrick Amama Mbabazi (born 16 January 1949) is a senior Ugandan lawyer and politician. He has been Prime Minister of Uganda since 24 May 2011. Prior to his current position, he served as the Minister for Security in the Ugandan Cabinet, from February 2009 until May 2011. He also serves as the Secretary General of the National Resistance Movement political party a position he has held since November 2005.
Background.
He was born in Mparo village, Rukiga County, in present-day Kabale District.
Education.
Mbabazi holds a law degree, Bachelor of Laws (LLB), from Makerere University, obtained in 1975. He also holds the postgraduate Diploma in Legal Practice obtained from the Law Development Center in Kampala. He is an Advocate of the Courts of Judicature of Uganda and a member of the Uganda Law Society since 1977.
Professional career.
Prior to joining politics, he worked as State Attorney in the Attorney General's Chambers, rising to the position of Secretary of the Uganda Law Council. Between 1986 and 1991 he served as Director General of the External Security Organization (ESO), being the first person to serve in that position. In 1994, he served as a delegate to the Constituent Assembly that drew up the 1995 Ugandan Constitution. He became the Chairman of the National Resistance Movement Delegates Caucus.
He has also served as Minister of State in the President's office, in-charge of Political Affairs. Between 1986 and 1992 he was Minister of State for Defence. Subsequently, he served as Minister of State for Foreign Affairs in charge of Regional Cooperation. In 2004, he was appointed as Attorney General and Minister of Justice. He held that portfolio until he was appointed Minister of Defence in 2006, a position he held until he was appointed Security Minister. He served as Security Minister from February 2009 until May 2011, when he was appointed Prime Minister. He is the tenth Prime Minister in Uganda's history.
Controversies.
Mbabazi was accused in 2011 of receiving bribes as kickbacks from Irish oil firm Tullow Oil. Despite a Parliamentary investigation being initiated into the matter and calls from MPs for him to resign along with others accused, a lawyer managed to successfully sue the Attorney General and halt the proceedings and to block the calls for resignation. Following further suspicion around the incident as a result of Tullow Oil’s court case with Heritage Oil over its tax on Uganda assets, an "ad hoc" parliamentary committee was convened to further investigate the allegations of corruption.
In 2013, Uganda's Auditor General found that around $13 million of foreign aid had been funnelled into accounts linked to Mbabazi's office, leading the UK, Ireland, Norway, Sweden and Denmark to suspend foreign aid to Uganda.
Diplomacy.
Over the years, Amama Mbabazi has represented Uganda in international fora, including the United Nations Security Council, where he argued for the International Community to allow the Uganda People's Defense Force (UPDF) to pursue the Lord's Resistance Army fighters beyond Uganda's borders. He also represented Uganda at the signing of the Lusaka Ceasefire Agreement that resulted in the resolution of the Second Congo War.
Personal details.
Amama Mbabazi is married to Jacqueline Mbabazi, the Chairperson of the Women's League in the National Resistance Movement (NRM). They are the parents of Nina Mbabazi and five other children. Amama Mbabazi is a very close friend and business associate of Amos Nzeyi.

</doc>
<doc id="5887511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887511" title="Aubrey Devine">
Aubrey Devine

Aubrey A. Devine (November 21, 1897 in Des Moines, Iowa – December 15, 1981) was a college football player for the University of Iowa. He is enshrined in the College Football Hall of Fame.
Background.
Aubrey Devine and his brother, Glenn, came to the University of Iowa in 1918, after playing high school football for Des Moines West High School (now closed). By their sophomore years, they were both inserted into the starting lineup. Glenn was a defensive standout and a solid blocker, while Aubrey eventually became the starting quarterback. Aubrey also played defensive back, punter, kicker, punt returner, and kick returner.
Iowa had a 5-2 record in 1919. Aubrey Devine kicked the game-winning field goal as Iowa defeated Minnesota, 9-6. Devine also accounted for all of Iowa's points in leading the Hawkeyes to wins over Northwestern and Iowa State. For his efforts, Devine was a first team All-Big Ten selection as a sophomore.
In 1920, Devine teamed up with fullback Gordon Locke, a sophomore. Locke powered the ball into the line, while Devine used his speed to run the ball to the outside. Devine scored Iowa's first touchdown and then threw a game-winning pass as Iowa defeated Indiana, 14-7. Devine and Locke each scored two touchdowns as Iowa defeated Minnesota, 28-7, for the third consecutive year. It was the first time that Minnesota had been defeated three years in a row by a single opponent.
In the last game of 1920, Devine passed for a touchdown, rushed for a touchdown, and intercepted three passes in a victory over Iowa State. Devine led the Big Ten in scoring in 1920 and was again named first team All-Big Ten.
The 1921 Season.
Aubrey Devine was the team captain of the 1921 Hawkeyes, arguably the greatest team in school history. In the second game of the season, Iowa faced Notre Dame, coached by Knute Rockne. It was Iowa's first meeting with Notre Dame, and their captain was Eddie Anderson, who would coach Iowa from 1939-1949. The Irish had not lost a game since 1918, a span of 20 straight wins. Devine kicked the game-winning field goal as Iowa pulled a 10-7 upset.
Two games later, Devine accounted for all of Iowa's points in a 13-6 win over Purdue. Devine scored the game-winning touchdown on a punt return that sports historian Clark Shaughnessy called "one of the 12 greatest individual plays in the history of football". But Iowa's next game against Minnesota would be Devine's signature game. 
Devine accounted for 464 total yards and six touchdowns as Iowa defeated Minnesota, 41-7. It was then the most points ever scored against Minnesota, and it was the most scored against Minnesota in the first sixty years of their program. Devine passed for two touchdowns, rushed for four touchdowns, and kicked five extra points. He rushed for 162 yards, passed for 122 yards, and had 200 return yards on kicks, punts, and interceptions. Hall of Fame Minnesota coach Henry L. Williams called Devine "the greatest player who ever stepped on our field."
The next week against Indiana, Devine rushed for 183 yards and four more touchdowns and passed for 102 yards before leaving the game in the third quarter. Devine scored 57 points in consecutive weeks. A win the following week over Northwestern gave Iowa a 7-0 final record, and a perfect 5-0 mark in the Big Ten. It was Iowa's second Big Ten title and the first outright Big Ten title in Hawkeye history. Not only did Iowa not lose a game, the 1921 Hawkeyes never trailed an opponent all season.
Aubrey Devine led the conference in scoring for the second time and was named first team All-Big Ten for the third straight year. He was a consensus first team All-American in 1921, the second in school history after teammate Lester Belding in 1919. Devine's 895 yards rushing in 1921 is still an Iowa season record for a quarterback, and he led Iowa in rushing, passing, and scoring each of his three years in uniform. The incomparable Aubrey Devine gains near unanimous support from those who saw him play as the greatest player ever to wear a Hawkeye uniform, greater even than Nile Kinnick.
Honors.
Devine was more than just a great football player. He earned nine varsity letters, as he was a three-time letter winner in basketball and track as well as football. He also won the Big Ten Medal for excellence in athletics and academics.
After graduation, Aubrey Devine coached basketball in 1924 and 1925 at the University of Denver. Devine was an assistant football coach from 1925-1936 at Southern California under Howard Jones. Devine left coaching for law school and eventually became an attorney for the Veteran's Administration. He retired in California and lived to be 94 years old.
Devine was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1973. In 1989, Iowa fans selected an all-time University of Iowa football team during the 100th anniversary celebration of Iowa football, and Aubrey Devine was selected to the offensive backfield. Devine was one of just five football players inducted into the Iowa Sports Hall of Fame in the Hall's inaugural year in 1951, joining Nile Kinnick, Duke Slater, Jay Berwanger, and Elmer Layden. In 1999, "Sports Illustrated" selected Aubrey Devine as the 15th greatest sports figure in the history of the state of Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="5887512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887512" title="Kentucky Route 44">
Kentucky Route 44

Kentucky Route 44 (KY 44) is a 70.193 mile (112.965 km) long state highway in the U.S. state of Kentucky managed and maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet.
KY 44 originates at a junction with U.S. Route 31W and U.S. Route 60 northeast of West Point. The Highway continues into Bullitt County and passes through the towns of Shepherdsville and Mt. Washington. In Shepherdsville, KY 44 is an exit along I-65. From there, it enters Spencer County and passes through Taylorsville, Kentucky before briefly continuing into Shelby County and then passing into Anderson County.
KY 44 terminates at a junction with U.S. Route 62 and U.S. Route 127 in Lawrenceburg.
Route description.
Jefferson County.
KY 44 originates at a junction with U.S. Route 31W and U.S. Route 60 (known as Dixie Highway) as a two-lane undivided highway northeast of West Point in far southwestern Jefferson County at the banks of the Ohio River. From its western terminus, KY 44 heads eastward for passing a mobile home park and crossing over Pond Creek in some woods before entering into Bullitt County.
Bullitt County.
Once in Bullitt County, KY 44 becomes Shepherdsville Road and passes a couple of houses and a mobile home park before crossing over a railroad. The route continues to head eastward through a wooded area, notably intersecting the access road to Knob Creek Gun Range (Ritchey Lane), before entering a more open area with more houses lining the road roughly from the Jefferson County line. At Hilltop Road, KY 44 curves toward the south, then back toward the north, before heading east again. Roughly from the Jefferson County line, KY 44 enters the city of Shepherdsville, where it becomes West Fourth Street. The route intersects with KY 61(Buckman Street/Preston Highway) in Shepherdsville, a route running north into downtown Louisville. KY 44 then becomes East Fourth Street and from KY 61 it meets Interstate 65 at Exit 117. Interstate 65 also runs north into downtown Louisville, or south to Bowling Green and Nashville.
East of I-65, KY 44 becomes Mt. Washington Road as it continues eastward out of Shepherdsville and passes through a residential area with many homes and subdivisions lining the route. A few miles east of Shepherdsville, KY 44 enters the city of Mount Washington. In Mount Washington, KY 44 intersects with US 31E/US 150, also known as Bardstown Road. Bardstown Road runs northeast into downtown Louisville and all the way south to the Tennessee state line. The route continues to head east out of Mount Washington and into Spencer County roughly east of Mount Washington.
Spencer County.
Once KY 44 enters Spencer County, it crosses over Dutchman Creek from the Bullitt County line. East of Dutchman Creek, the road curves southeast, passing through Waterford. From Waterford, the route continues eastward past Spencer County Middle School and Spencer County Elementary School, and enters the city of Taylorsville roughly from the Bullitt County line.
In Taylorsville, KY 44 becomes West Main Street until it overlaps with KY 55, where it becomes East Main Street. Less than one mile from the western end of the KY 55 overlap, KY 44 turns north out of downtown Taylorsville and crosses over Brashears Creek. It then passes Spencer County High School and meets the western end of the KY 55 overlap where it turns east out of Taylorsville and becomes a 4-lane divided highway known as Little Mount Road. The highway curves northeast a few miles east of Taylorsville, passing north of Taylorsville Lake. KY 44 meets the western terminus of KY 248 around northeast of Taylorsville. It turns north toward Shelby County and narrows to two lanes. north of KY 248, KY 44 enters Shelby County.
Shelby County.
In Shelby County, the road becomes Southville Pike and curves northeast passing by occasional houses and open fields. KY 44 meets the southern terminus of KY 148 from the Spencer County line and continues for longer where it meets KY 53 and KY 714 in Southville. The route then becomes concurrent with KY 53 (Mount Eden Road) as it turns toward the southeast. Roughly from Southville, KY 44 enters Mount Eden and travels along the Shelby-Spencer County line for a short distance. KY 44 finally crosses back over into Spencer County southeast of Mount Eden. Roughly down the road, the route crosses over into Anderson County.
Anderson County.
In Anderson County, the road travels toward the south, then curves toward the southeast, and then toward the east. from the Spencer County line, the route meets the eastern end of the KY 53 overlap in Glensboro, where it becomes Glensboro Road. It continues eastward, passing through Anderson City and meeting the southern terminus of KY 395 east of Anderson City. Roughly east of KY 395, the road curves toward the north, then back toward the east at McDonald Road. KY 44 enters the city of Lawrenceburg where it intersects with US 62 Truck/US 127 Bypass, also known as the Lawrenceburg Bypass or Bypass North. The route ends at its eastern terminus at an intersection with US 127 and US 62 further east.

</doc>
<doc id="5887525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887525" title="God Bless Anguilla">
God Bless Anguilla

God Bless Anguilla is the anthem of the British overseas territory of Anguilla. It is considered the official local anthem, as "God Save the Queen" remains the official national anthem.

</doc>
<doc id="5887526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887526" title="Australian Butterfly Sanctuary">
Australian Butterfly Sanctuary

The Australian Butterfly Sanctuary is a butterfly zoo and exhibit situated in the centre of Kuranda, Queensland, Australia.
Kuranda Butterfly Sanctuary is listed by the Guinness Book of Records as Australia’s largest butterfly flight aviary and exhibit. The sanctuary was conceived, designed, and built by Paul and Susan Wright in 1987. The sanctuary rears only native butterflies of Australia that are bred on the premises. The lab breeds about 30,000 caterpillars each year, and sends about 24,000 pupae to be released in the aviary.

</doc>
<doc id="5887534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887534" title="Mr. Krueger's Christmas">
Mr. Krueger's Christmas

"Mr. Krueger's Christmas" is a 1980 made-for-television film starring Jimmy Stewart, and directed by Kieth Merrill.
It was created by Brigham Young University for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and features the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. 
Jimmy Stewart plays Willy Krueger, a widowed apartment janitor who daydreams to escape his lonely life.
He muses about being a man of culture and means, picturing himself as the conductor of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, and imagines himself in the stable with Mary, Joseph, and the infant Jesus.

</doc>
<doc id="5887536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887536" title="Steve Sloan">
Steve Sloan

Stephen Charles Sloan (born August 19, 1944) is a former American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He played college football as a quarterback at the University of Alabama from 1962 to 1965 and then played for two seasons in the National Football League with the Atlanta Falcons (1966–1967). Sloan served as the head football coach at Vanderbilt University (1973–1974), Texas Tech University (1975–1977), the University of Mississippi (1978–1982), and Duke University (1983–1986), compiling a career record of 68–86–3. He also served as the athletic director at the University of Alabama, the University of North Texas, University of Central Florida, and the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga before his retirement in 2006. In 2000, Sloan was inducted into the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame.
Playing career.
Sloan played college football at the University of Alabama under legendary coach Paul "Bear" Bryant between 1962–1965. He arrived in Tuscaloosa in 1962, though was not eligible to play with the varsity team due to NCAA rules at the time. In his sophomore season, Sloan was a backup to quarterback Joe Namath, but played in most games at defensive back. Sloan quarterbacked the Tide's final regular season game and the Sugar Bowl when Bryant benched Namath for disciplinary reasons. The 1963 Crimson Tide went 9–2 with a 12–7 victory over Ole Miss in the Sugar Bowl.
Sloan was the primary quarterback in his junior season in 1964 while Namath was injured. The 1964 team finished 10–1, won the Southeastern Conference title, and was named the consensus national champion. However, in the 1965 Orange Bowl versus Texas, Sloan was forced out of the game with injury. Namath came off the bench to win MVP honors despite Alabama losing, 21–17.
Following the departure of Namath to the American Football League, Sloan became Alabama's full-time starter for the 1965 season, in which Alabama repeated as SEC and national champions. The team finished 9–1–1 with a 39–28 victory over Nebraska in the 1966 Orange Bowl.
After college, Sloan was selected by the NFL's Atlanta Falcons in the 11th round of the 1966 NFL Draft. He played sparingly as a back-up over the course of two seasons. In his brief NFL career, he only appeared in eight games, and only one as a starter. During those eight games, he completed 10 of 31 passes, for no touchdowns and four interceptions.
Coaching career.
In 1971, Sloan received his first coaching job as an offensive coordinator for the Florida State Seminoles. The following year, he moved to the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets for the same position.
In 1973, Sloan took his first job as a head coach of the Vanderbilt Commodores. In his first season, Vanderbilt finished at 5–6, including a 1–6 record in conference play. During his second season, however, Vanderbilt finished at 7–3–1 and qualified for a post-season bowl game. The team was placed in the Peach Bowl against the Texas Tech Red Raiders. The two teams played to a 6–6 tie in the game. It was Vanderbilt's first bowl game since 1955 and second in school history.
The Texas Tech University athletic department offered Sloan head football coaching position in January 1975. Though Sloan originally declined, he took the job on January 2, 1975. Texas Tech was believed to have offered him a $30,000 per year contract, as well as $11,000 from television show income. He took five of his assistant coaches with him to the Red Raiders program, including defensive coordinator Bill Parcells. In his three seasons with Texas Tech, Sloan compiled a 23–12 record.
In late 1977, Sloan took his third head coaching job with the Ole Miss Rebels football program. Sloan was head coach for five seasons at Ole Miss, winning 20 games, losing 34, and tying one. His best season came in 1978 when the Rebels finished at 5–6.
In December 1982, Sloan decided to leave Ole Miss to become the head football coach for the Duke Blue Devils football program. In his first season at Duke, Sloan led the Blue Devils to a 3–8 record, despite beginning the season 0–7. In his remaining three seasons, he compiled a 10–23 record before resigning. Steve Spurrier was named as his successor.

</doc>
<doc id="5887539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887539" title="Joe McLaughlin (sportswriter)">
Joe McLaughlin (sportswriter)

Joe McLaughlin, born Joseph Carroll McLaughlin, (April 17, 1934 — November 25, 1997) was one of Texas’ most well-known and respected professional sportswriters of the late 20th century. According to the "Houston Chronicle", McLaughlin was considered “one of the true newspaper legends of the Southwest Conference,” his name synonymous with high school, professional and college sports in Texas during the 1960s, 1970’s and 1980’s. 
McLaughlin’s success as a reporter out of Texas Tech University and the "Lubbock Avalanche-Journal" led to a widely read column called “Mac’s Facts,” which appeared in the "Abilene Reporter News" in the late '50s and early '60s. 
McLaughlin was regularly sought out for expert commentary on television and radio, and has been cited/referenced in and edited innumerable books, magazines and articles. His work, a relative time machine of sports in Texas, has been sought after by the Southwest Special Collections Library and Museum at Texas Tech University. His stories are recognized as a Who’s Who of athletes, from Olympians to World Boxing Champions, including Wilfred Benitez, Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, Termite Watkins, Dave "Ziggy" Zyglewicz, many of whom trace their rise to fame over the decades through Joe’s stories. 
McLaughlin began his career at the "Lubbock Avalanche-Journal" in the 1950s. This was followed by stints at the "Abilene Reporter-News" and the "Fort Worth Star Telegram". By the mid-1960s, McLaughlin had begun what would be the first of 26 years at the "Houston Chronicle" as a writer and editor. While covering professional boxing, McLaughlin interviewed a rising star named Cassius Clay, who later became known as Muhammad Ali and be counted amongst the numerous athletes McLaughlin had covered who would grow to be friends.
McLaughlin’s wife, Al-Rue, passed away in 2011 in Florida. Daughter, Prebble, is married with a daughter, Briar, and lives in Destin, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5887551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887551" title="Festival de Radio France et Montpellier">
Festival de Radio France et Montpellier

The Festival de Radio France et Montpellier is a summer festival of opera and music held in Montpellier, France created in 1985. The music festival concentrates on classical music and jazz with about 100 events, including opera, concerts, films, and talks, most of which are free and located in the historic courtyards of the city or the modern concert halls of Le Corum. 
Since its beginning, the Festival has been entrusted to René Koering. Jean-Noël Jeanneney, président-directeur général of Radio France in 1985 declared the purpose the Festival was to "reconcile the classic and the unexpected, great interpreters and musicians making their debut, ancient accents and the sonorities of tomorrow... in the great tradition of public service"
The Festival is held in July (14 to 31 July in 2008, 11 to 28 July in 2011).
Publications, DVDs and CDs.
The Festival licenses, under its Euterp label, notable visual and audio recordings to Accord, the French arm of Universal Classics. 
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5887554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887554" title="Peter Blauner">
Peter Blauner

Peter Blauner (born 1959) is the author of six novels, including "Slow Motion Riot," which won the 1992 Edgar Award for Best First Novel from the Mystery Writers of America and was named an International Book of the Year by "The Times Literary Supplement." His novel "The Intruder" was a "New York Times" bestseller and a bestseller in England as well. "USA Today" said his most recent book, "Slipping Into Darkness" "might very well be the crime novel of the year." {USA Today, February 28, 2006} 
His novels have been praised by such authors as Stephen King, Scott Turow, James Patterson, Nelson DeMille, Michael Connelly, James Ellroy, George Pelecanos, and Patricia Highsmith. His novel "The Intruder" was called "The best book I've read in years" by James Patterson and was included on Stephen King's booklist in his memoir On Writing. He considers himself to be not so much a thriller writer as a "social novelist," often writing about the cost of city living on the human soul.
He writes finely crafted, uncompromisingly realistic urban novels that combine elements of crime fiction with searing character studies.
Early career.
His early literary influences ranged from writers like Raymond Chandler, Ernest Hemingway, Flannery O'Connor, and Philip Roth to film directors like Martin Scorsese, Robert Altman, Sidney Lumet, and Werner Herzog. He studied at Wesleyan University in Connecticut and won the Paul Horgan prize for best short fiction by a student. He started in journalism as an assistant to writer Pete Hamill before reporting for the Newark Star-Ledger in New Jersey and the Norwich Bulletin in Connecticut. He reported on crime for New York magazine but found inspiration for his first novel at the New York Department of Probation saying that it was a "virtual social microcosm."
Later career.
In more recent years, Blauner has been writing for television. He has been on the writing staffs of three shows in the Law & Order franchise. Mostly recently, he has served as a co-executive producer of Law & Order: SVU, where he was the writer of the show's 300th episode, Manhattan Vigil and the Edgar-nominated co-writer of the episode Legitimate Rape.

</doc>
<doc id="5887555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887555" title="WFTE">
WFTE

WFTE (90.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Mount Cobb, Pennsylvania, and (105.7 FM) Scranton, Pennsylvania The station's licensee is Community Radio Collective, Inc., a 501(c)(3) non-profit charitable organization. 
WFTE Community Radio aired live on the air in 2011. With translator W289AU on 105.7 FM, WFTE Community Radio broadcasts to around 500,000 residents in the greater Scranton, PA area. 
Mission statement.
WFTE's mission is "to create and provide high quality, innovative and community-oriented programming serving communities, information, and ideas that are ignored, suppressed, overlooked, or under served by the mainstream media." 
WFTE's programming is "dedicated to the progressive values of social justice, economic justice, human rights, multiculturalism, environmentalism, freedom of expression, and democracy." 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="5887572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887572" title="Jacob G. Francis">
Jacob G. Francis

Jacob Gottwals Francis, also known as J.G. or Jay G. (Oaks, Pennsylvania, January 13, 1870 – August 27, 1958) was an American author, a historian, a photographer, and a Church of the Brethren minister.
Francis was born in Oaks, Pennsylvania to John Umstead and Mary Jane (Gottwals) Francis In 1891, he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Ursinus College[http://www.libraries.psu.edu/do/digitalbookshelf/26832966/26832966_part_1025.pdf. He is credited with helping to found Elizabethtown College in 1899 located in Elizabethtown, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. Francis's first choice was in Pottstown, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. In 1895, he was named minister of the Green Tree Church of the Brethren in Oaks, Pennsylvania.[http://www.libraries.psu.edu/do/digitalbookshelf/30954824/30954824_part_064.pdf]. He was known for travelling throughout Pennsylvania and New Jersey on a bicycle.
Francis is joint author of a work of more than six hundred pages on the "History of the Brethren Church in Eastern Pennsylvania" and author of the "History of the Brethren in Lebanon County."
On January 11, 1900, Francis married Mary Frantz Zug. They had six children: Mary Irene, Willard Zug, Monica, Michael Ulrich, Susanna Royer, and Anna Marthella [http://www.libraries.psu.edu/do/digitalbookshelf/30954824/30954824_part_064.pdf]
He died in Lebanon, Pennsylvania. He is buried in Midway Cemetery in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5887579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887579" title="Sand Island (Hawaii)">
Sand Island (Hawaii)

Sand Island, formerly known as Quarantine Island, is a small island within the city of Honolulu, Hawaii, United States. The island lies at the entrance to Honolulu Harbor.
History.
It was known as Quarantine Island during the nineteenth century, when it was used to quarantine ships believed to carry contagious passengers.
During World War II, Sand Island was used as an Army internment camp to house Japanese Americans as well as expatriates from Germany, Italy and other Axis countries living in Hawaii. The camp opened in December 1941, soon after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and the subsequent mass arrests of civilians accused — often without evidence — of espionage or other fifth column activity. Over 600 Hawaiian residents, many of them U.S. citizens, would pass through Sand Island before it was closed in March 1943. Most of the internees had been transferred to Army and Department of Justice internment camps on the mainland beginning in February 1942; the remaining 149 were moved to the newly constructed Honouliuli Internment Camp. 
During the 1970s, over 100 homeless native Hawaiians cleaned up the garbage that filled the island, built homes and took up residence. In the early 1980s, 180 acres of the island were reclaimed by the State of Hawaii for industrial and recreational development. Those who had taken up residence were evicted without compensation.
Geography and population.
According to the United States Census Bureau the island has a land area of 203.78 ha (0.7868 sq mi, or 503.55 acres), and a population of 184 persons as of the 2000 census.
Climate.
Sand island climate is mild year round with very little seasonal difference in temperatures, however there is a very distinct difference between the wet and dry season. Summer high temperatures range from upper 80's to low 90's °F, with winter highs range from upper 70's to mid 80's °F. Precipitation is light year round, more so in the Summer. There is approximately 3,100 hours of sunshine annually.

</doc>
<doc id="5887590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887590" title="Zamy Steynovitz">
Zamy Steynovitz

Zamy Steynovitz (January 15, 1951 - September 1, 2000) was an Israeli born impressionist painter.
Biography.
Steynovitz was born in Legnica, Poland and immigrated to Israel in 1957. He aspired to become a painter from childhood, and began his artistic activity prior to leaving Poland. Steynovitz studied at both the Art School in Tel-Aviv and at the Royal Academy of Arts in London. 
Upon completing his studies, he began his artistic activity in earnest. He established his place in the art world after exhibiting his work in one-man exhibitions and at art fairs around the world. Steynovitz's images are reflections of both his Jewish and Eastern European heritage. His work suggests the style of Marc Chagall combined with the use of color of the present generation of artists. 
Zamy's art displays chromatic and thematic richness. His choice of subjects was strongly influenced by Jewish tradition and folklore, displaying general themes: Paris, still lifes, flowers, angels, circuses and landscapes. In the early stages of his work he used rich pastels, ink, watercolors and light brush strokes. However during his travels in South America during the 1980s his work was influenced by the new surroundings and enhanced by the local light and colors. His art gained chromatic power; the palette became richer in tones, the fixtures thicker, the backgrounds darker and more colorful. Through these developments Steynovitz's thematic elements persisted in his creation allowing him to develop into a sensitive and mature artist.
Zamy’s paintings are a reflection of his Eastern-European Jewish heritage, and they are enhanced by a rich choice of warm tones and colors. He evoked a universal humanistic idea in his creation; man’s connection to his heritage and physical surroundings. These are two imperatives aspects in our lives, which during these estranged technological times we should recall.
Zamy expresses a universal humanistic idea in his creations: man's connection to his heritage and physical surroundings. He established his place in the art world after exhibiting his work in one-man exhibitions and art fairs around the world. Zamy is known in the circles of the Norwegian Nobel Institute as a result of his devotion to world peace. Consequently he is acquainted with many Nobel prize winners like Anwar Sadat, Menachem Begin, the Dalai Lama, Itzhak Rabin, Shimon Peres, Elie Wiesel, Desmond Tutu as well as many other politicians and artists.
Zamy tragically passed away in September of 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5887591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887591" title="Highmoor">
Highmoor

Highmoor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5887601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887601" title="John Calderwood">
John Calderwood

John Calderwood was born in Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire, Scotland. Little is known about his parentage or life. He went to work in the local coal mines at the age of nine while attending public night school.
Calderwood emigrated to the United States at the age 17, and attended the Mckeesport School of Mines in McKeesport, Pennsylvania. He graduated in 1876.
After graduation, Calderwood settled in Colorado. He was elected president of a miners' union in Aspen, Colorado. In November 1893, he traveled to Cripple Creek, Colorado at the behest of the Western Federation of Miners (WFM) to organize the miners there.
Calderwood was president of the miner's union during the Cripple Creek miners' strike of 1894. As the strike began, Calderwood left for Salt Lake City, Utah, to attend the second convention of the WFM. His departure fortuitously left Junius J. Johnson, a former U.S. Army officer, in charge of the union. Johnson's planning and cool head helped the miners weather the initial assault by gangs of hired thugs sent to break the strike. Calderwood arrived back in Cripple Creek on the third day of the strike, and took control again. The strike was a major success.
After the strike, Calderwood continued as president of the union. Blacklisted and unable to find employment as a miner, he worked as an assayer. Calderwood retired as president of the local union in 1901, and was succeeded by John Curry.
In 1897, Calderwood was one of 37 men who formed the Victor Elks Lodge, No. 367. Calderwood was the First Secretary.
Calderwood wrote about his experiences during the Cripple Creek strike in 1905. Emma Langdon was the wife of a man who had been a newspaper reporter in Victor, Colorado, during the Cripple Creek miner's strike of 1903-04. Her husband had been wrongfully imprisoned by the state militia in a notorious bullpen. Outraged, Langdon wrote and published a book about the 1903-04 strike. Calderwood contributed a chapter to the book, providing background about the 1894 strike. It is the most comprehensive first-person discussion of the strike to be published.

</doc>
<doc id="5887605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887605" title="Saturn Launch Vehicle Digital Computer">
Saturn Launch Vehicle Digital Computer

The Saturn Launch Vehicle Digital Computer (LVDC) was a computer that provided the autopilot for the Saturn V rocket from launch to Earth orbit insertion. It was one of the major components of the Instrument Unit, fitted to the S-IVB stage of the Saturn V and Saturn IB rockets. The LVDC also supported pre- and post-launch checkout of the Saturn hardware.
Hardware.
The LVDC was capable of executing 12190 instructions per second. For comparison, a 2012-era microprocessor can execute 4 instructions per cycle at 3 GHz, achieving 12 billion instructions per second, one million times faster.
Its master clock ran at 2.048 MHz, but operations were performed bit-serially, with 4 cycles required to process each bit, 14 bits per phase, and 3 phases per instruction, for a basic time of 168 cycles = 82 μs for a simple add. (A few instructions, such as multiply or divide, took a few times this value.)
Memory was in the form of 13-bit "syllables", each with a 14th parity bit. Instructions were one syllable in size, while data words were two syllables (26 bits). Main memory was random access magnetic core, in the form of 4,096-word memory modules. Up to 8 modules provided a maximum of 32,768 words of memory. Ultrasonic delay lines provided temporary storage.
For reliability, the LVDC used triple-redundant logic and a voting system. The computer included three identical logic systems. Each logic system was split into a seven stage pipeline. At each stage in the pipeline, a voting system would take a majority vote on the results, with the most popular result being passed on to the next stage in all pipelines. This meant that, for each of the seven stages, one module in any one of the three pipelines could fail, and the LVDC would still produce the correct results. The result was an estimated reliability of 99.6% over 250 hours of operation, which was far more than the few hours required for an Apollo mission.
With four memory modules, giving a total capacity of 16,384 words, the computer weighed , was 29.5×12.5×10.5 inches in size (74×32×27 cm) and consumed 137 watts.
Software.
LVDC instruction words were split into a 4-bit opcode field (least-significant bits) and a 9-bit operand address field (most-significant bits). This left it with sixteen possible opcode values when there were eighteen different instructions: consequently, three of the instructions used the same opcode value, and used two bits of the address value to determine which instruction was executed.
Memory was broken into 256-word "sectors". 8 bits of the address specified a word within a sector, and the 9th bit selected between the software-selectable "current sector" or a global sector called "residual memory".
The eighteen possible LVDC instructions were:
Unlike the Apollo Guidance Computer, the software which ran on the LVDC seems to have vanished. While the hardware would be fairly simple to emulate, the only remaining copies of the software are probably in the core memory of the Instrument Unit LVDCs of the remaining Saturn V rockets on display at NASA sites.
Interrupts.
The LVDC could also respond to a number of interrupts triggered by external events.
For a Saturn IB these interrupts were:
For a Saturn V these interrupts were:
Construction.
The LVDC was approximately 30 inches wide, 12.5 inches high, and 10.5 inches deep and weighed 80 pounds. The chassis was made of magnesium-lithium alloy LA 141, chosen for its high stiffness, low weight, and good vibration damping characteristics. The chassis was divided into a 3 x 5 matrix of cells separated by walls through which coolant was circulated to remove the 138 Watts of power dissipated by the computer. Slots in the cell walls held “pages” of electronics. The decision to cool the LVDC by circulating coolant through the walls of the computer was unique at the time and allowed the LVDC and LVDA (coolant cooled in part) to be placed in one cold plate location due to the three dimensional packaging. The cold plates used to cool most equipment in the Instrument Unit were inefficient from a space view although versatile for the variety of equipment used. The alloy LA 141 had been used by IBM on the Gemini keyboard, read out units, and computer in small quantities and the larger frame of the LVDC was produced from the largest billets of LA 141 cast at the time and subsequently CNC machined into the frame. 
A page consisted of two 2.5 x 3-inch boards back to back and a magnesium-lithium frame to conduct heat to the chassis. The 12-layer boards contained signal, power, and ground layers and connections between layers were made by plated-through holes.
Up to 35 alumina squares 0.3 x 0.3 x 0.070 inch could be reflow soldered to a board. These alumina squares had conductors silk screened to the top side and resistors silk-screened to the bottom side. Semiconductor chips 0.025 x 0.025 inch, each containing either one transistor or two diodes, were reflow soldered to the top side. The complete chip was called a unit logic device. Copper balls were used for contacts between the chips and the conductive patterns.
The hierarchy of the electronic structure is shown in the following table.

</doc>
<doc id="5887619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887619" title="Julio Dely Valdés">
Julio Dely Valdés

Julio César Dely Valdés (born March 12, 1967) is a Panamanian former footballer. He is a twin brother of Jorge Dely Valdés and younger brother of Armando Dely Valdés.
Career.
Born in Colón, Dely Valdés began his professional career in 1987 in Argentina with Deportivo Paraguayo of Argentina (after trying up to get in the Argentinos Juniors' Squad), where he scored 28 goals. He then moved to Club Nacional de Football in Uruguay, where he scored more than 100 goals and won the Uruguayan Championship in 1992.
In Europe, he played for Cagliari in Serie A and Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazilian players like Raí and Leonardo in the French Premiére Division.
He then played in Spain's "Primera División" with Real Oviedo for three seasons and with Malaga for another three,where he became the most prolific goal scorer in Malaga's history in "Primera División", before returning to Nacional. In 2005 he played for the Panama national football team in the CONCACAF Gold Cup. Panama was runner ups for the Gold Cup that year, losing the final against USA in the penalty shootout. He finished out his career in 2006 after playing two seasons with Panamanian club Arabe Unido.
He then signed with his former team, Malaga, a contract as assistant manager of the head coach, Antonio Tapia. He left Malaga in June 16, 2010 after the arrival of the new owner Qatari Abdullah ben Nasser Al Thani. He left because he didn't have a contract and the whole team was renovated.
On September 14, 2010 he became head coach of the Panama national football team. He became Coach after the FEPAFUT chose him over the Colombian Luis Fernando Suarez. He has a contract for 10 months to coach the national team for the UNCAF Cup of Champions and the CONCACAF Gold Cup. This contract has an option to be extended to include the Qualifiers for the FIFA World Cup in function of the results obtained.

</doc>
<doc id="5887621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887621" title="Dean Garrison">
Dean Garrison

Dean Garrison (born 1955) is a contemporary American author and crime fiction novelist. He was born in Michigan, grew up in the Indiana, Illinois, and Texas, and received his B.A. degree from Ferris State University in Big Rapids, Michigan. Garrison is a Crime Scene Technician in West Michigan. "

</doc>
<doc id="5887624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887624" title="JADE (programming language)">
JADE (programming language)

JADE is a proprietary object-oriented software development and deployment platform product from the New Zealand-based Jade Software Corporation, first released in 1996. It consists of the JADE programming language, IDE and debugger, integrated application server and object database management system.
Designed as an end-to-end development environment to allow systems to be coded in one language from the database server down to the clients, it also provides APIs for other languages, including .NET Framework, Java, C/C++ and Web services.
As a programming language, its main competitors are Java and C#, while as a database it competes with other object-oriented databases and post-relational databases such as Versant, Caché and Matisse as well as traditional relational database software packages such as Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server.
Although a free limited licence is available for development, using the JADE platform requires per-process fees to be paid.
Language.
In syntax, JADE is very similar to Pascal; its syntax is based on the language Modula-2, which was derived from Pascal. While it includes innovations lacking in Pascal or Modula-2, it lacks certain features of other modern object-oriented languages such as C# and Java.
Programming model.
Like all of the other popular programming languages used to create database-driven software, JADE is fully object-oriented. JADE was designed to have all the most important features of object-oriented programming, but does not support the overloading of methods or operators, and lacks parameterised constructors.
Classes in JADE are kept together in schemas. Schemas serve the same purpose as Java packages or namespaces in .NET, but have a hierarchy, and inherit classes from superschemas. This becomes useful especially when programming using the model-view-controller methodology, as model classes can be put in one schema, then the controller and view classes can be built on top of the model classes in a subschema.
Program structure.
JADE programs are developed using a user interface that allows programmers to visually create classes and define their properties and methods. Instead of locating methods in large files, programmers select the method they would like to edit and only the code for that particular method is displayed. Also instead of compiling all the code of a program at once, in JADE, each method is compiled individually as soon as the method is completed, meaning code can be checked immediately. 
All the code for a JADE application is stored in its object-oriented database. This allows for multi-user development as the database maintains concurrency control, and with each piece of the code being a separate object in the database, it is often possible to recode a system while it is live and online as long as the parts of the system being changed are not in use.
Features.
The main goal of JADE was to create a seamlessly integrated programming language that would allow developers to create one application that would go from end-to-end instead of having to write three separate applications for the database server, application server and presentation client and then write the code for them to communicate with each other.
Object database.
The most striking difference between JADE and other object-oriented programming languages is that its object database is a native part of its language. For example, when creating an object in JADE, it can be created as transient or persistent. Creating an object as "transient" is similar to creating objects in other object-oriented programming languages – the object is simply created in memory, and then lost when the program ends. On the other hand, when an object is created as "persistent", when the program ends, the object will still exist and be there the next time the program starts up. So, when an object is "persistent" JADE automatically works in the background to store and retrieve the object in the database when necessary. Persistent objects can be distributed across multiple co-operating servers, with JADE automatically handling object caching and cache coherency.
There are very few differences between manipulating transient and persistent objects so JADE makes it "appear" to the programmer as if all the objects in the entire database were in local memory. Most of the time, JADE's object-oriented database is used in a multi-user system, and so JADE makes it appear to the programmer as if all the objects in the database were stored in shared memory that all users connected to the system can access, even from different computers. 
With all of the program code centralised on the database server as well the data, all client nodes can be programmed as if they were running on the database server. 
JADE's database is inherently object-oriented, and -compliant, and has all of the standard features such as atomic transactions, locking, rollback, crash recovery and the ability to keep one or more secondary database servers synchronised with the main database for backup, disaster recovery and performance reasons.
To interoperate with relational databases for reporting, business intelligence and data warehouse purposes JADE since 2010 has provided a "Relational Population Service" that enables automatically replicating objects from its native object-orientated database to one or more relational database. This feature supports Microsoft SQL Server versions 2000, 2005 and 2008.
Three-tier model.
Database-driven software, often uses a three-tier methodology with applications being split into three tiers – data storage, processing and presentation. In the data storage and processing tiers, JADE systems are a collection of co-operating servers, called nodes, and multiple nodes may be involved in each tier. Each type of node has a different name and all are capable of manipulating objects and executing business logic. A collection of nodes can be deployed across one or several machines. Database servers handle data storage and can also execute business logic, while application servers handle processing. In a three-tier model, presentation clients provide the user interface. JADE also provides a two-tier client that combines the abilities of an application server and presentation client. Traditionally, these three tiers would be created by combining three programs and having them communicate to form one system. Having the different programs separate like this has many advantages, the main one is that the system becomes scalable, that is, raising the power of the system involves simply adding more nodes.
Designing a system like this gives the programmer a decision to consider every time they want to code in a particular function. They need to decide whether the function would run best on the database server, application server or presentation client before they begin coding as it will be difficult to change that decision once the functionality is coded into one of the tiers. 
This is different for JADE applications, as they are coded as one application from end-to-end. When creating a JADE application, the programmer can think as if they were creating a program that will be running on the database server – as if all the data storage, processing and presentation were happening on one computer. When the program runs on three tiers, JADE automatically knows to run all the code by default on the application server, and to send database requests up to the database server and user interface information down to the presentation client. However, it is very easy for the programmer to switch the location at which a particular method is run and move it to a different tier by changing the method signature. Because of this, the decision on where a particular piece of code should run can be made late in the development cycle, and refactoring code to run on different parts of the system ends up being a lot easier because of the way JADE allows end-to-end development of software.
Types of Clients.
Programmers have the facility to allow three different kinds of clients to connect to a JADE system. These three types of clients are named:
In the same schema, a JADE developer can create many completely separate applications which may provide different interfaces to access the same database.
JADE Forms.
JADE Forms applications are made up of forms, as the name suggests. Clients need to connect through the JADE Smart thin client or Standard Client to be able to run applications that use JADE Forms. 
The Smart Thin Client works by connecting to an Application Server which generally does all the processing on behalf of the Smart Thin Client, meaning the thin client only needs to be responsible for displaying forms and taking input. This means the computer running the thin client does not have to be a very powerful computer, and it does not require a fast network connection as it is not loading data from the database – JADE thin clients are often run over a dial-up connection. This is the reason they are called thin clients, as there is not a heavy requirement on computational power to run these clients. 
The Standard Client is just the Smart Thin Client combined with the Application Server on one machine. In this case, the node running the client does all of the processing as well as the presentation. Standard clients have greater demands on computational power than thin clients, as they must load data from the database as well as do their own processing. 
The advantages of using JADE Forms include:
The disadvantages are:
JADE Forms have an interesting twist to them though. It is actually possible to run a JADE Forms application through a web browser by changing its mode to "web-enabled". When this happens, JADE automatically generates HTML code to make pages that resemble the forms and controls, without any modifications to the code. This is a very quick way for programmers that are not competent with HTML and other web technologies to deliver a program through the web.
HTML documents.
JADE supports deployment of applications to the web through its HTML documents feature. These work very similarly to ASP.NET, where developers create templates of HTML pages and leave parts in the template for the program to fill in. 
The advantages of using HTML documents are:
The disadvantages are:
Web services.
Web services are used to allow different programs to communicate with each other from remote locations in an object-oriented form. Web services cannot be accessed directly by human users. One of the uses of Web services with JADE is to allow other technologies such as .NET or Java to use JADE as the backend object-oriented database. Web services also allow JADE systems to interoperate with services provided by other non-JADE systems.
Interoperability.
In addition to Web services, JADE is also capable of interfacing with other programs through language APIs (including .NET, Java, C/C++), DLL calls, ActiveX/COM objects and .NET assemblies. This allows other programs to access objects and execute methods, and can be used to provide a different interface to a JADE application. JADE 6.2 provided a Java API, .NET Assembly integration and the ability to run Smart Thin Clients on Windows Mobile devices. JADE 6.3 provides an API for .NET languages.
Multilingual abilities.
JADE natively supports multilingual programs. It does this in several ways:
JADE will automatically switch to the language it detects on the system if the language is provided by the developer.
Portability.
Currently JADE applications can be run on Windows and Linux. Similar to Java, JADE strives to allow programmers to develop applications once and be able to allow them to run on both of these platforms with minimal changes. JADE 6.2 allows Smart Thin Clients and a specialised Standard Client to run on Windows Mobile devices.
Code Examples.
In this section are some short examples of JADE code.
Hello World!
This is the "Hello World!" code in JADE:
or
History.
JADE was originally conceived by Sir Gilbert Simpson and is currently developed by the Jade Software Corporation.
The first version of JADE was JADE 3, released September 1996.
The current version is JADE 7.

</doc>
<doc id="5887631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887631" title="Pacific Park">
Pacific Park

Pacific Park is an oceanfront amusement park located in Santa Monica, California.
The park, located on the Santa Monica Pier, looks directly out on the Pacific Ocean, in the direction of Catalina Island. It is the only amusement park on the West Coast of the United States located on a pier. There are a total of thirteen rides in Pacific Park, including the world's only solar powered Ferris wheel that provides a view of the Pacific Ocean and a roller coaster that circles the majority of the park. It has appeared in several movies and television shows such as "Fat Albert", "Hannah Montana", "90210", and "The Tonight Show With Jay Leno". It is owned by CNL Lifestyle Properties and operated by Santa Monica Amusements.
History.
Santa Monica Municipal Pier opened in 1909; it was primarily to carry sewer pipes out beyond the breakers and had no amenities. In 1916 Charles I. D. Looff, who built Coney Island's first carousel, started construction on an adjacent pier known as the Pleasure Pier, also called Newcomb Pier, for use as an amusement park. The two piers are now both considered to be part of Santa Monica Pier. Attractions on the Pleasure Pier eventually included the Santa Monica Looff Hippodrome building (which now houses the current carousel and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places), the Blue Streak Racer wooden roller coaster (which was purchased from the defunct Wonderland amusement park in San Diego), the Whip, merry-go-rounds, Wurlitzer organs, and a funhouse. The Pleasure Pier thrived during the 1920s but faded during the Great Depression. During the 1930s the pier was mainly used as a ferry landing, while most of the pier was closed down and its attractions sold off.
Over the next several decades the city of Santa Monica proposed various plans to tear down Newcomb Pier. The city council approved a plan to replace the pier with a resort island in Santa Monica Bay. Local activists formed Save Santa Monica Bay and shot down that plan, and in 1973 the city formally revoked a standing order to demolish the pier. The city acquired ownership of the privately owned pier in summer 1974. In the 1980s the pier was almost destroyed by winter storms. In 1983 the city formed a Pier Restoration and Development Task Force (now the Pier Restoration Corporation), tasked with returning the pier to its former glory. Summer music concerts were held on the pier. 
In 1989 the Pier Restoration Corporation decided to "make the pier a year-round commercial development with amusement rides, gift shops, nightclubs with live entertainment and restaurants" that would be "reminiscent of its heyday in the 1920s and 1930s". The current park opened in 1996 as a full-scale family amusement park. 
The park, as of April 2014, is working on a restoration project to replace the pier wooden surface on the eastern side of the park. 
Attractions.
The park is "non-gated" and there is no charge for admission; individual rides charge a fee. There are a dozen rides as well as midway games, food outlets and shopping. A Seaside Pavilion event space opened in 2009 for corporate and private events. This is a list of rides in operation at Pacific Park as of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5887639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887639" title="Avoch">
Avoch

Avoch ( ; from the – meaning mouth of the stream) is a harbour-village located on the south-east coast of the Black Isle, on the Moray Firth.
Ormond Castle or "Avoch Castle" was a stronghold built on the site and served as a royal castle to William the Lion; passed on to the Morays of Petty then Archibald the Grim, Lord of Galloway, upon his marriage to Joanna de Moravia in 1362. Descendants of Archibald, were to take the title of Earl of Ormonde from the castle.
Legend has it that the village was founded by survivors of the Spanish Armada.
Intrepid Scottish-Canadian explorer Sir Alexander Mackenzie, the first European to explore the great Canadian river now known as the Mackenzie River, crossing North America twice, to the Arctic Ocean in 1789 and Pacific Ocean in 1793, retired to Avoch in 1812 where he died in 1820 and was buried in the old Avoch Parish churchyard.
Avoch was the location of Rosehaugh (Pittanochtie) House, perhaps the most magnificent mansion house in the Scottish Highlands until it was demolished in 1959. 
Craigie Well at Avoch on the Black Isle has offerings of both coins and clouties. Rags, wool and human hair were also used as charms against sorcery, and as tokens of penenace and fulfilment of a vow (Sharp 1998).
Much of Avoch's wealth has come from its fishing industry, and it remains a significant contributor to the village economy, with several large fishing boats owned or crewed from Avoch and an active fishermen's co-operative based there. The harbour is no longer used by the larger boats for landing but is used by leisure craft and boats taking visitors to see the dolphins in the inner Moray Firth at Chanonry Point. In addition to the fishing industry, commuting to Inverness and tourism provide income to the village. Lazy Corner, named for the youngsters who gathered there to pass the time, has been moved by the road widening in the Eighties, and spruced up by a sculpture intended to add character to the village. It is still a gathering place.

</doc>
<doc id="5887652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887652" title="Dan McGugin">
Dan McGugin

Daniel Earle McGugin (July 29, 1879 – January 23, 1936) was an American football player, coach, and lawyer. He served as the head football coach at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee from 1904 to 1917 and again from 1919 to 1934, compiling a record of 197–55–19. He played college football at the University of Michigan. McGugin was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1951.
Early years.
McGugin was born in July 1879 on a farm near Tingley, Iowa. He was the son of Benjamin Franklin McGugin (1843–1925) and Melissa (Critchfield) McGugin (1845–1915).
Drake.
McGugin enrolled at Drake University and received a bachelor of arts degree in 1901. He played football at Drake for two years. He played at the tackle and guard positions for Drake and "was considered one of the best players that Drake ever had."
Michigan.
After graduating from Drake, McGugin enrolled in law school at the University of Michigan. While at Michigan, McGugin played college football for Fielding H. Yost. He was a player on Michigan's "Point-a-Minute" teams that outscored their opponents, 1,211 to 12 in 1901 and 1902, and served as Yost's assistant coach at Michigan in 1903. A profile of McGugin in the 1903 University of Michigan yearbook noted:"McGugin is the lightest guard that Michigan has had in the last ten years, but he has not met his match during the past two seasons. ... As a guard he is careful yet nervy. He gets the jump on his opponents and keeps the advantage. Although a hard player he goes into each scrimmage with as much composure as if he were walking along the campus. McGugin, although good in every department of his position, has two qualities that are pre-eminent: namely, making interference and opening holes. has been especially fortunate this year in having a good interference, and part of that interference has been McGugin."
Vanderbilt.
He was the head football coach for Vanderbilt University from 1904 to 1917 and from 1919 to 1934. During his tenures, the Vanderbilt Commodores compiled a 197–55–19 record and had a .762 winning percentage. In his first career game, his team defeated Mississippi State, 61–0. He went on to win his next two games by 60 points as well. He remains the only coach in NCAA history to win his first three games by 60 points. He also won his first 11 games each by more than 20 points. Vanderbilt outscored its opponents 452–4 during his first year.
McGugin took time off from coaching to work in the mining business. In a draft registration card completed in 1918, McGugin stated that he was the president of the Kensee Mining Company in Marion, Kentucky.
Fred Russell wrote of McGugin:
On the Vanderbilt athletics site, Bill Traughber describes McGugin's speech before a famous 1922 game against the Michigan Wolverines at Dudley Field:
The Vanderbilt athletics office building, the McGugin Center, bears his name. McGugin was also named to the Vanderbilt Athletics Hall of Fame as part of its inaugural class.
Family.
McGugin was married to Virginia Louise Fite on December 6, 1905, at Detroit, Michigan. His former coach, Fielding Yost, was married to Eunice Fite, making McGugin and Yost brothers-in-law.

</doc>
<doc id="5887658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887658" title="University of Ez-Zitouna">
University of Ez-Zitouna

Ez-Zitouna University (, ) is located in Montfleury, Tunis. It is claimed to be the oldest teaching establishment in the Arab world, since the Ez-Zitouna madrassa was founded in 737 C.E. (120 A.H) as the teaching arm of the Olive-Tree Mosque (Djemaa ez-Zitouna) and has been in continuous existence since then.
Famous alumni include the scholar Abdul-Rahman Ibn Khaldun, the encyclopedaist Ahmad Ibn Youssef Ibn Ahmad Ibn Abubaker Tifashi, the trade unionist and writer Tahar Haddad, the politician and writer Abdelaziz Thâalbi, the Tunisian national poet Aboul-Qacem Echebbi, and the judge and scholar M.T Ben Achour.
Following Tunisia's Independence, the modern Zitouna University was established on April 26, 1956. This was succeeded by the Zitouna Faculty of Shari’a and Theology on March 1, 1961 which became one of the components of Tunisian University. The Zitouna name was restored by Zine El Abidine Ben Ali in 1987, after having been changed under Bourguiba.
History.
Historically the traditional pedagogy of the university opposed French influence in Tunisian culture, even though younger people who studied there and who were unable to attend other universities lost the concept of the university having prestige. The students, faculty, and alumni became an integral part of the 1920s Destour party.
Academics.
The present-day institution has some 1200 students and 90 faculty, divided between two associated institutes—the Higher Institute of Theology and the Higher Institute of Islamic Civilisation in Tunis—and a research institution, the Center of Islamic Studies (مركز الدراسات الإسلامية بالقيروان) in Kairouan.
Lessons in the Higher Institute of Theology began in the academic year 1988/89. It awards: 
The Higher Institute of Islamic Civilisation has some 300 students and 40 researchers. It awards

</doc>
<doc id="5887674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887674" title="Crossroads League">
Crossroads League

The Crossroads League (formerly the Mid-Central College Conference) is an athletic conference composed of NAIA private Christian colleges in Indiana, Michigan and Ohio . The current conference commissioner is J. D. Collins. 
In June 2012, the conference voted to change its name from the Mid-Central College Conference to the Crossroads League, a name which better represents the modern conference growing beyond its Central Indiana roots and each member institution being faith-based.
Sports.
The Crossroads League sponsors athletic competition in men's baseball, men's & women's basketball, men's & women's cross country, men's & women's golf, men's & women's soccer, women's softball, men's & women's tennis, men's & women's track and field and women's volleyball.
Commissioners Cup.
Each year, the member institution with the most points based on final rankings in each sport, is awarded the Commissioners Cup (formerly known as the All Sports Trophy). The current holder is Indiana Wesleyan University, which has won the last twelve cups in a row and holds the record for cups won, with eighteen. 

</doc>
<doc id="5887688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887688" title="Ned Ashton">
Ned Ashton

Ned Ashton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5887705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887705" title="Not That Kinda Girl">
Not That Kinda Girl

"Not That Kinda Girl" is a song by American singer JoJo from her self-titled debut album. It was written by Neely Dinkins, B. Cola Pietro, Balewa Muhammad, and Sylvester Jordan, Jr., and released in February 2005 as the album's third and final single. "Not That Kinda Girl" was not commercially released in the United States and therefore failed to chart there, as well as many other countries, though it did manage to reach number 52 in Australia and number 85 in Germany. It also missed the chart in the United Kingdom.
Music video.
The music video was directed by the team of Eric Williams and Randy Marshall, known as Fat Cats, and was shot in Los Angeles. It premiered on MTV's "Total Request Live" on March 24, 2005. It spent only four days on the countdown and did not climb higher than number eight. The concept deals with playing up the glamorous lifestyle of a celebrity while making a statement against the shallowness of materialism. The main message is that JoJo is "not the kinda girl" to lose herself in Hollywood. The video is known for having several cameos including Laurie Ann Gibson from MTV's "Making the Band", Vincent Herbert, producers Da Internz and singer Maynard James Keenan as a police officer. During the first half of the video JoJo is being driven in a limousine through Silver Lake past such landmarks as the "Figure 8" wall made famous by the Elliott Smith album cover photo. The second half is performance based and features JoJo getting her hair and makeup, and performing on a sound stage with backup dancers. The video ends showing the down to earth side of JoJo. Dressed in a hooded jacket and listening to her iPod, she hitches a bus featuring an advertisement for her debut album.
Track listings and formats.
UK Promo CD April 20, 2005

</doc>
<doc id="5887710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887710" title="Dell Morgan">
Dell Morgan

John O'Dell Morgan (February 14, 1900 – March 3, 1962) was an American football player and coach of football, basketball and baseball. He served as the head football coach at Texas Tech University from 1941 to 1950, compiling a record of 55–49–3. Morgan was also the head basketball coach at Texas Tech from 1931 to 1934, tallying a mark of 42–29. In addition, he was the head baseball coach at Auburn University from 1934 to 1939 and at Rice University from 1953 to 1961, amassing a career college baseball coaching record of 146–143–2.
Coaching career.
Morgan was the head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders basketball from 1931 to 1934. During the same time, Morgan also served as an assistant coach to the football team. His record during that time was 42–29. Morgan was later the head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team from 1941 to 1950. During his tenure, he compiled a 55–49–3 record. In four of his last five seasons, he posted a winning record. His best season came in 1941, when his team went 9–2.
Death.
Morgan was killed in car accident near Bay City, Texas on March 3, 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="5887719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887719" title="Spellow railway station">
Spellow railway station

Spellow railway station was a station located in Liverpool, England.
The station opened in September 1882, as an immediate station from Canada Dock on the Canada Dock Branch, which ran from the docks north of Liverpool to Edge Hill.
The station building was located on County Road, Walton, with steps at the back of the station, leading down to the platforms, which were situated in a deep rock cutting.
Spellow station closed to passengers on the 31st May 1948, but the line continued to be used by trains running from Liverpool Lime Street to Southport Chapel Street.
It was proposed that Spellow station would reopen to passengers in 1977 as part of the new Merseyrail network, along with all the other stations closed on the Canada Dock Branch, but this never came to fruition. However, there has been talk recently that this may still happen within the next decade, if Merseyrail decides to extend their current network.
Today, the station building still stands and is currently in use by a bookmakers.

</doc>
<doc id="5887722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5887722" title="Sand Island">
Sand Island

Several places are named Sand Island including:

</doc>
