<doc id="5864094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864094" title="Mohamed Atta's alleged Prague connection">
Mohamed Atta's alleged Prague connection

The alleged Prague connection between Iraq and Al Qaeda came through an alleged meeting between September 11 hijacker Mohamed Atta and Iraqi consulate Ahmad Samir al-Ani in April 2001. Czech counterintelligence service claimed that Mohamed Atta al-Sayed, a September 11 hijacker, met with Ahmad Samir al-Ani, the consul at the Iraqi Embassy in Prague, in a cafe in Prague. This claim, sometimes known as the "Prague connection", is generally considered to be false and has been said to be unsubstantiated by the Senate Intelligence Committee in the United States.
Allegations.
The source for the claim came from a contact the Czech intelligence had within the Iraqi embassy
, described in "The Boston Globe" as "a single informant from Prague's Arab community who saw Atta's picture in the news after the 11 September attacks, and who later told his handlers that he had seen him meeting with Ani. Some officials have called the source unreliable."
The story was first leaked to the Reuters news service on September 18, 2001. Without naming Prague, Reuters reported that "ecent intelligence information received by the United States showed Atta had met with a representative of Iraqi intelligence this year". The report cited "U.S. government sources". On October 13, 2001, the story was leaked to Czech newspapers. The story was confirmed by the State Department. On October 20, the "New York Times" published a story by John Tagliabue saying Czech officials denied the meeting ever occurred.
On October 26, Czech Republic Interior Minister Stanislav Gross responded by calling a press conference at which he "confirms" that Atta "did make contact with an officer of the Iraqi intelligence" in Prague, namely al-Ani, who was later expelled from the country.
On October 27, the "New York Times" published a story refuting its story of October 20.
Later the "New York Times" reported that Czech officials later backed off of the claim, first privately, and then later publicly after the paper conducted "extensive interviews with leading Czech figures."
When rumors of the Czech officials privately backing away from the claims first appeared in the Western media, according to "The Prague Post", Hynek Kmoníček, the Czech envoy to the UN stated "The meeting took place." One senior Czech official who requested anonymity speculated that the media reports dismissing the meeting were the result of a "guided leak." On 15 March 2002 David Ignatius wrote in the "Washington Post":
Even the Czechs, who initially put out the reports about Atta's meeting with al-Ani, have gradually backed away. The Czech interior minister, Stanislav Gross, said in October that the two had met in April 2001. That version was altered slightly by Czech Prime Minister Miloš Zeman when he told CNN in November: 'Atta contacted some Iraqi agent, not to prepare the terrorist attack on twin towners but to prepare terrorist attack on just the building of Radio Free Europe' in Prague. Then, in December, Czech President Václav Havel retreated further, saying there was only 'a 70 percent' chance Atta met with al-Ani.
But Havel later "moved to quash the report once and for all" by making the statement publicly to the White House, as reported in the "New York Times". According to the "Times" report, "Czech officials also say they have no hard evidence that Mr. Ani was involved in terrorist activities, although the government did order his ouster in late April 2001." The "New York Times" report was described as "a fabrication" by a Ladislav Špaček, a spokesman for Czech president Václav Havel. But Špaček also "said Mr. Havel was still certain there was no factual basis behind the report that Mr. Atta met an Iraqi diplomat." The "Times" story was a potential embarrassment to Czech prime minister Milos Zeman after "extensive interviews with Czech and other Western intelligence officials, politicians and people close to the Czech intelligence community revealed that Mr. Zeman had prematurely disclosed an unverified report."
Investigations.
Several official organizations conducted investigations into the possibility that such a meeting occurred, and they all concluded that the evidence did not support the likelihood of such a meeting.
CIA.
Shortly after September 11, Vice President Dick Cheney asked Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet to look into the claim that Atta had met an Iraqi intelligence agent. Tenet put the Directorate of Operations Jim Pavitt on the case, who reported back to Tenet. On September 21, 2001, Tenet told the President, "Our Prague office is skeptical about the report. It just doesn't add up." Tenet also indicated that other evidence the CIA was able to find, including credit card and telephone records, made such a meeting highly unlikely.
According to columnist Robert Novak, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld "confirmed published reports that there is no evidence placing the presumed leader of the terrorist attacks in the Czech capital." According to the January 2003 CIA report "Iraqi Support for Terrorism", "the most reliable reporting to date casts doubt on this possibility" that such a meeting occurred. Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet released "the most complete public assessment by the agency on the issue" in a statement to the Senate Armed Services Committee in July 2004, stating "Although we cannot rule it out, we are increasingly skeptical that such a meeting occurred."
John E. McLaughlin, who at the time was the Deputy Director of the CIA, described the extent of the Agency's investigation into the claim: "Well, on something like the Atta meeting in Prague, we went over that every which way from Sunday. We looked at it from every conceivable angle. We peeled open the source, examined the chain of acquisition. We looked at photographs. We looked at timetables. We looked at who was where and when. It is wrong to say that we didn't look at it. In fact, we looked at it with extraordinary care and intensity and fidelity."
FBI.
A senior administration official told Walter Pincus of the "Washington Post" that the FBI had concluded that "there was no evidence Atta left or returned to the U.S. at the time he was supposed to be in Prague." FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III outlined the extent of their investigation into the hijacker's whereabouts in a speech in April 2002: "We ran down literally hundreds of thousands of leads and checked every record we could get our hands on, from flight reservations to car rentals to bank accounts." There are no known travel records showing Atta leaving or entering the US at that time, and everything known about Atta's whereabouts suggests that he was in Florida at that time.
Czech police and intelligence.
The Czech police chief, Jiří Kolář, "said there were no documents showing that Atta visited Prague at any time" in 2001.
In August 2002, Czech foreign intelligence chief František Bublan publicly backed away from the claim that Atta met al-Ani, saying that rumors of such meetings "have not been verified or proven." The "Prague Post" reported that "Bublan said that promoting a so-called 'Prague connection' between Atta and al-Ani might have been a ploy by U.S. policymakers seeking justifications for a new military action against Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein."
According to an article in the "Washington Post" more recently, the Czechs backed away from the claim: "After months of further investigation, Czech officials determined last year that they could no longer confirm that a meeting took place, telling the Bush administration that al-Ani might have met with someone other than Atta." This perception seems confirmed by an associate of al-Ani's who suggested to a reporter that the Czech informant had mistaken another man for Atta. The associate said "I have sat with the two of them at least twice. The double is an Iraqi who has met with the consul. If someone saw a photo of Atta he might easily mistake the two."
In 2014 Jiří Růžek, the former head of Czech intelligence agency BIS, published his memoirs. Here he claims that the USA tried to push Czech prime minister Miloš Zeman to announce that 9/11 attack was planned with the help of Iraq in Prague. All blame for the false cause of conflict would then fall on Czech authorities.
9/11 Commission.
The 9/11 Commission also addressed the question of an alleged Prague connection and listed many of the reasons above that such a meeting could not have taken place. The report notes that "the FBI has gathered intelligence indicating that Atta was in Virginia Beach on April 4 (as evidenced by a bank surveillance camera photo), and in Coral Springs, Florida on April 11, where he and Shehhi leased an apartment. On April 6, 9, 10, and 11, Atta's cellular telephone was used numerous times to call various lodging establishments in Florida from cell sites within Florida. We cannot confirm that he placed those calls. But there are no U.S. records indicating that Atta departed the country during this period." Combining FBI and Czech intelligence investigations, "o evidence has been found that Atta was in the Czech Republic in April 2001." The Commission assessed that "There was no reason for such a meeting, especially considering the risk it would pose to the operation. By April 2001, all four pilots had completed most of their training, and the muscle hijackers were about to begin entering the United States. The available evidence does not support the original Czech report of an Atta-Ani meeting."
In the final analysis, the 9/11 Commission Report makes this statement: "These findings cannot absolutely rule out the possibility that Atta was in Prague on April 9, 2001. He could have used an alias to travel and a passport under that alias, but this would be an exception to his practice of using his true name while traveling (as he did in January and would in July when he took his next overseas trip)." (p. 229)
Two different Attas.
Until late 2004, many believed that Atta traveled to Prague for one day on May 30, 2000. Nobody claimed he had met al-Ani at that time, but conservative columnist Andrew C. McCarthy wrote in the "National Review" that his trip was considered suspicious. Atta was apparently detained because he did not have a travel visa but was not picked up on airport surveillance.
However, the "Chicago Tribune" reported in August 2004 that it was a different Atta who traveled to Prague in May 2000 — a Pakistani businessman also named Mohammed Atta, who spells his name differently from the hijacker — and was turned away because he lacked a visa. The hijacker Mohamed Atta — whose travel papers were in order — went to the Prague airport a couple days later on his way to Newark, creating confusion for some:
On June 2, the hijacker Mohamed Atta, who had a visa, arrived in Prague by bus from Cologne, Germany, and flew to Newark the next day. Video surveillance cameras at a Prague bus terminal showed him playing slot machines at the station's Happy Days Casino before disappearing.
The confusion over the two different Attas "had serious consequences," according to Czech reporter Brian Kenety, "as it laid the groundwork for spurious claims by Czech authorities of a secret meeting in Prague between Atta the hijacker and an Iraqi intelligence agent."
The "Chicago Tribune" on 29 September 2004 also reported that a man from Pakistan named Mohammed Atta (spelling his name with two "m's" rather than one) flew to the Czech Republic in 2000, confusing the intelligence agency, who thought it was the same Mohamed Atta. In September 2004, Jiří Růžek, the former head of the BIS, told the Czech newspaper Mlada fronta Dnes, "This information was verified, and it was confirmed that it was a case of the same name. That is all that I recall of it." (3 September 2004).
Opposition leaders in the Czech Republic have publicly called this a failure on the part of Czech intelligence. In hopes of resolving the issue, Czech officials hoped to be given access to information from the U.S. investigation but that cooperation was not forthcoming. In May 2004, the Czech newspaper "Právo" speculated that the source of the information behind the rumored meeting was actually the discredited INC chief Ahmed Chalabi.
Forged letter.
According to Con Coughlin, executive foreign editor of "The Daily Telegraph", Mohamed Atta is mentioned in a handwritten letter from the former chief of the Iraqi Intelligence Service, Gen. Tahir Jalil Habbush al-Tikriti, to Saddam Hussein. Coughlin said he received the document from a "senior member of the Iraqi interim government", though this person "declined to reveal where and how they obtained it."
Habbush's July 1, 2001, letter is labeled "Intelligence Items" and is addressed: "To the President of the Ba'ath Revolution Party and President of the Republic, may God protect you." It continues:
Mohammed Atta, an Egyptian national, came with Abu Ammer real name behind this Arabic alias remains a mystery and we hosted him in Abu Nidal's house at al-Dora under our direct supervision.
We arranged a work program for him for three days with a team dedicated to working with him... He displayed extraordinary effort and showed a firm commitment to lead the team which will be responsible for attacking the targets that we have agreed to destroy.
Coughlin quoted Ayad Allawi giving personal assurance over the document's authenticity: "We are uncovering evidence all the time of Saddam's involvement with al-Qaeda... But this is the most compelling piece of evidence that we have found so far. It shows that not only did Saddam have contacts with al-Qaeda, he had contact with those responsible for the September 11 attacks."
The letter is now widely recognized as a forgery. Newsweek noted: "U.S. officials and a leading Iraqi document expert tell NEWSWEEK that the document is most likely a forgery—part of a thriving new trade in dubious Iraqi documents that has cropped up in the wake of the collapse of Saddam's regime." According to the newsmagazine, "The Telegraph story was apparently written with a political purpose: to bolster Bush administration claims of a connection between Al Qaeda and Saddam's regime."
In the 2008 book "The Way of the World", author Ron Suskind presents evidence that the Bush administration itself was behind the forgery.
Additional evidence.
Even further doubt was cast on rumors of such a meeting in December 2003 when Al-Ani, who is in U.S. custody, reportedly denied having ever met Atta., According to "Newsweek", it was "a denial that officials tend to believe given that they have not unearthed a scintilla of evidence that Atta was even in Prague at the time of the alleged rendezvous."
It is also notable that Atta's own religious and political convictions made him violently opposed to the Saddam regime; according to the 9/11 Commission Report, "In his interactions with other students, Atta voiced virulently anti-Semitic and anti-American opinions, ranging from condemnations of what he described as a global Jewish movement centered in New York City that supposedly controlled the financial world and the media, to polemics against governments of the Arab world. To him, Saddam Hussein was an American stooge set up to give Washington an excuse to intervene in the Middle East."
Cheney's position changes.
Vice President Dick Cheney, who was a proponent of the theory that Atta had met al-Ani in Prague, acknowledged in an interview on March 29, 2006: "We had one report early on from another intelligence service that suggested that the lead hijacker, Mohamed Atta, had met with Iraqi intelligence officials in Prague, Czechoslovakia. And that reporting waxed and waned where the degree of confidence in it, and so forth, has been pretty well knocked down now at this stage, that that meeting ever took place."
On September 10, 2006, Cheney responded to questions from Tim Russert about Atta in Prague on Meet the Press:
Senate Report of Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq.
On September 8, 2006, the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence released "Phase II" of its report on prewar intelligence on Iraq. In the report, the following is stated regarding Atta in Prague:
The report also contains a full page of information with regards to Atta in Prague that was redacted. "Newsweek" reports that the blacked-out portion of the Report involved a CIA cable that lays out the controversy. According to "Newsweek", "Democrats charged in a written statement that intelligence officials had failed to demonstrate 'that disclosing the ... would reveal sources and methods or otherwise harm national security.' The Democrats also complained that officials' refusal to declassify the cable 'represents an improper use of classification authority by the intelligence community to shield the White House.'" "Newsweek" goes on to report: 
CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano asserted that the classification had nothing to do with protecting the Bush Administration: "When CIA did not agree to a specific public release, its case was based on current intelligence equities and a desire to preserve the candor essential to good internal discussion of complex issues. It's simply wrong to suggest the goal was to protect the White House."

</doc>
<doc id="5864110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864110" title="Beavertown, Pennsylvania">
Beavertown, Pennsylvania

Beavertown, Pennsylvania may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5864112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864112" title="Callisburg Independent School District">
Callisburg Independent School District

Callisburg Independent School District is a school district in Callisburg, Texas (USA) within the northeast corner of Cooke county, along the Red River. 
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Campuses.
Callisburg ISD consists of two campuses, Callisburg High School\Middle School campus located in Callisburg and Callisburg Elementary campus located in Woodbine, Texas. The elementary consists of two buildings, the Woodbine building and the Rad Ware building.
Details.
The School mascot is the Wildcats and colors are Maroon and White. The High School Building was built in a time frame around C. 1990, the "new gym" in C.1991, and the Woodbine intermediate building in 2000. Mold was found in a wing of the Rad Ware building in 2001, and the wing was demolished in 2003 and rebuilt to match the Intermediate building in 2004. Before 1989, the Rad Ware and Middle school buildings were the only ones, fitting all 13 grades (kindergarten and 1st through 12th) into only 2 buildings. 
In fall of 2008 and 2009 Callisburg had record breaking football seasons. The 2008 team made it to the third round of the state playoffs, the farthest they have ever made it in the playoffs. The next year the record was broken when the 2009 team made it to the state semifinals and lost.

</doc>
<doc id="5864114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864114" title="Confessional privilege (United States)">
Confessional privilege (United States)

In United States law, confessional privilege is a rule of evidence that forbids the inquiry into the content or even existence of certain communications between clergy and communicants.
It grows out of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, the common law, and statutory enactments which may vary between jurisdictions.
Statute.
All fifty states, the District of Columbia, and the federal government have enacted statutory privileges providing that at least some communications between clergyman and parishioners are privileged.
Common law.
Prior to the adoption of statutory protections, there was some protection under common law.
There is also Smith's case reported in the "New York City Hall Recorder", vol. II, p.77, which, apparently, was decided in the same way.
Issues.
The privilege is defined in over 50 separate statutes and may therefore vary in important ways:

</doc>
<doc id="5864123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864123" title="Samsung Hauzen Cup">
Samsung Hauzen Cup

The Samsung Hauzen Cup' is a filler competition created to allow domestic football during times of increased national team activity. This competition can perhaps be seen as an attempt to solve the country v club conflict over players. It allows the Korean League Cup clubs to engage in meaningful competition without jeopardizing their national championship aspirations while their best players are away on international duty with the Korean national team.
The competition was re-launched in 2004 as 'Samsung Hauzen Cup', while the Olympic Games and the Asian Cup were taking place. In 2005, the competition was played at the start of the season which coincided with a number of World Cup qualification matches. The 2006 edition was played during summer, allowing the top K-League players to focus on the World Cup finals in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="5864130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864130" title="Where or When">
Where or When

"Where or When" is a show tune from the 1937 Rodgers and Hart musical "Babes In Arms". It was first performed by Ray Heatherton and Mitzi Green. That same year, Hal Kemp recorded a popular version. It also appeared in the movie of the same title two years later. Dion and the Belmonts also released a successful remake of the song, which reached number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 in January 1960. In 1963, The Lettermen released their version as a single, which peaked at number 98 on the Hot 100. The song was used for the 1992 biopic "Sinatra", starring Philip Casnoff; Frank Sinatra performs the song on stage at the Paramount Theatre.
Babes In Arms.
"Where or When" is the first number to appear in the original Broadway production of "Babes in Arms". The musical opens in Seaport, Long Island, on a hectic morning that finds most of the adult population embarking on a five-month vaudeville tour. Soon after his parents' departure, twenty-year old Valentine LaMar (played by Ray Heatherton) discovers at his doorstep a young hitchhiker named Billie Smith (played by Mitzi Green). Instantly smitten, he engages her in a discussion of movie stars, self-defense maneuvers, and Nietzsche's theory of individualism, at which point Val impulsively steals a kiss. Both admit to a powerful sense of déjà vu and sing "Where or When" as a duet. MGM bought the screen rights to "Babes in Arms" in 1938, and the following year the studio released a film with that title, starring Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland, that bore little resemblance to its stage predecessor; the characters and plot were substantially revised (by ten studio writers), and only two numbers were retained from the score. "Where or When" was one that survived, appearing 37 minutes into the film, sung by Betty Jaynes, Douglas McPhail and Garland in a scene depicting a rehearsal sequence, although Garland is cut short during her performance.
Analysis of the lyrics.
The lyrics of "Where or When" illustrate a memory anomaly known as déjà vu:
The line "Some things that happen for the first time..." is often misunderstood or misheard as "Some things that happened for the first time..." which changes the meaning. Rather than recalling past events which "actually" "happened", the lyrics refer to present events which "happen" for the first time, but which "falsely" seem to be recurring.

</doc>
<doc id="5864156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864156" title="Henri Tebbitt">
Henri Tebbitt

Henri Tebbitt (1852–1926) was an English-Australian painter.
Tebbit was born in Paris of English parents in 1852. He was self-taught as an artist and after travelling in various countries settled in England. An oil painting by him, "Wet Weather", was shown at the Royal Academy exhibition of 1884. Coming to Australia in 1889 he did a large amount of work particularly in water-colour. His pictures for a time were very popular with the public, and examples were acquired for the Brisbane, Hobart, Launceston, Bendigo and Geelong galleries. He had married Martha Bateman in Yorkshire in 1877.
He died in 1926. Although his standing as an artist was not high, Tebbitt was a man of some character with a philosophic mind. Speaking of his own work in his manuscript autobiography at the Mitchell library, Sydney, he said: "I have simply endeavoured, perhaps with a vision obscured, to reproduce as faithfully as I could, nature as I see it, and if my efforts are indifferent, no one regrets it more than I do."

</doc>
<doc id="5864162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864162" title="Kennedy Nkeyasen">
Kennedy Nkeyasen

Kennedy Nkeyasen (born April 7, 1976 in Ghana) is a former free safety (converted from running back) who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
Nkeyasen was drafted out of college by Saskatchewan (18th overall) in 1999. The CFL awarded him non-import status because he played his high school football at Thom Collegiate in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. He attended college at Idaho State University.
Nkeyasen missed most of the 2007 CFL season due to an achilles tendon injury suffered in a pre-season game.
In June 2008, Kennedy accepted a Public Relations position with the Saskatchewan Roughriders.

</doc>
<doc id="5864167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864167" title="List of Chinese criminal organizations">
List of Chinese criminal organizations

Criminal gangs are found throughout China but are most active in Chongqing, Shanghai, Macau, Tianjin, Shenyang, and Guangzhou as well as in Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan. The number of people involved in organized crime on the mainland has risen from around 100,000 in 1986 to around 1.5 million in the year 2000.
The following is a list of Chinese criminal organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="5864169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864169" title="Rowanne Pasco">
Rowanne Pasco

Rowanne Pasco is a British Roman Catholic editor, writer and reporter. She is religious editor of TV-am and a former editor of "The Universe", before which she was a holiday travel rep with Horizon Holidays.
She has written the following books:
Personal life.
She married William Fitzgerald, a Roman Catholic deacon, in Islington in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="5864175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864175" title="Patrick Fabian">
Patrick Fabian

Patrick Fabian (born December 7, 1964) is an American actor. He has played numerous roles in television series (especially as guest star), and after twenty years of acting achieved a breakthrough of sorts in the 2010 horror film "The Last Exorcism".
Life and career.
Fabian grew up in central Pennsylvania. He attended Penn State University and received his Bachelor of Fine Arts in Performance. He moved to California where he earned a Master’s Degree from California State University, Long Beach.
Fabian's theatre work in New York includes "The Food Chain" by Nicky Silver (Robert Falls, dir), "Humpty Dumpty" by Eric Bogosian (Jo Bonney, dir), the National Tour of "Six Degrees of Separation" by John Guare (Jerry Zaks, dir), and in Los Angeles, "Diva" by Howard Gould (David Lee, dir) and "Dinner With Friends" by Donald Margulies (Brian Kite, dir) as well as two seasons at the Shakespeare LA Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5864176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864176" title="List of United States Navy staff corps">
List of United States Navy staff corps

In the United States Navy, commissioned officers are either line officers or staff corps officers. Those of the Staff Corps are specialists in career fields which are professions unto themselves, such as scientists, physicians, lawyers, civil engineers, etc. Staff Corps officers wear their specialty insignia on the sleeve of the dress blue uniforms and on their shoulder boards, in place of the star worn by Line officers. On Winter Blue and khaki uniforms, the specialty insignia is a collar device worn on the left collar, while the rank device is worn on the right. "See explanation of staff and line functions. " 
Staff corps officers are specialists in certain areas, such as supply and medicine. They wear staff corps insignia. A doctor can become the commanding officer (CO) of a hospital, a hospital ship, or a medical school or the chief of the Bureau of Medicine. A supply officer can become the CO of a supply depot or a school or the head of the Navy Supply Systems Command. When officers are of the same grade and date of commissioning, but from different officer’s categories, seniority takes precedence in the following order: 
In addition to regular "commissioned officers", the Navy has another group of officers called "commissioned warrant officers".

</doc>
<doc id="5864178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864178" title="Kismet (comics)">
Kismet (comics)

Kismet, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5864185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864185" title="Bompensiere">
Bompensiere

Bompensiere (Sicilian: Naduri) is a "comune" in the province of Caltanissetta in the south of Sicily, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5864192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864192" title="Lemon Bay High School">
Lemon Bay High School

Lemon Bay High School (LBHS) is a public high school located in Englewood, Florida. It serves grades nine through twelve and is operated by Charlotte County Public Schools.
It is unusual in that it serves students from not only Charlotte County but Sarasota County as well.
History and campus.
The school, named for Lemon Bay, which is adjacent to the campus, opened its doors in 1972 as an elementary school. In 1976, the school became a junior-senior high school, serving grades seven through twelve. The school converted to a senior high school following the construction of L.A. Ainger Middle School in 1983.
A major renovation completed in 1987 gave the school a new administration wing, tennis courts, a track, and a larger weight-room, and a community swimming pool was added in 1988. In 1991, an auditorium was added and the media center was remodeled in 1993. The school has a track, football field, baseball field, softball field, tennis courts, weightlifting room, and two gymnasia.
The swimming pool was drained and filled with dirt in 2008. Later that year, the remaining concrete rim of the pool was demolished.
The school was featured in the second season of "The Principal's Office", a reality television show on TruTv. Assistant principal Tammy Harvey and dean Jon Arritt appeared on the show.
The school is being rebuilt using $80 million from stimulus funds. 
Academics.
Standard English, mathematics, science and history courses are core requirements for all students; these four subjects can also be taken as Advanced Placement or honors level courses. Many elective courses are also available, including television production, drafting, information technology, journalism, Spanish language, and physical education. As with all schools in Florida, Lemon Bay High School is evaluated yearly by the Florida Department of Education based on the FCAT scores of the students. LBHS has received grades ranging from A to C, earning an A grade for the 2009-10 school year.
Extracurricular activities.
The school has a number of clubs and honorary societies available to students. These include the Lettermen's Club, Key Club, Children Are Reason Enough (CARE) club, Interact club, Community Emergency Response Team, Students working against tobacco (SWAT) club, Web Club, foreign-language clubs, National Honors Society, and French Honors Society.
Naval Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps (NJROTC).
The NJROTC unit was established and is maintained by the United States Navy as a citizenship program with focus on developing leadership characteristics in students. Students in NJROTC wear a modified U.S. Navy uniform once a week and must pass a physical education test once every nine weeks as part of the curriculum. Apart from traditional classwork, students are encouraged to participate in a number of extracurricular activities, including an athletic team, academic team, drill team, color guard, and a number of community service organizations including the American Legion and Rotary Club. Student leaders are in direct control of the affairs of the unit, and are supervised by two retired United States Navy instructors. The unit is a part of NJROTC Area Seven, which includes the majority of schools with NJROTC programs in the southeast United States.
Model United Nations.
The Model United Nations club on campus focuses on involving students in a moot form of international debate. The club participates in a number of competitions against schools statewide, and has achieved success in a number of these competitions, including at the University of Florida, University of Central Florida, Florida Gulf Coast University, and the Florida High School Model United Nations (FHSMUN). The school was also a founding member of the competition held at Florida Gulf Coast University, the Southwest Florida Model United Nations Competition. The club also participates in many charitable causes.
Theater arts.
The theater program at Lemon Bay High School allows students to participate in a number of productions by enrolling in an elective class. Students produce several productions during the school year, including musicals during the summer and winter in which elementary and junior high students participate. Previous productions have included: "Kiss Me, Kate", "The Sound of Music", "West Side Story","The Music Man", "Anything Goes", "Seussical the Musical", "Les Misérables", "Swing!", "Carousel", "Hello, Dolly!", "South Pacific", "Guys and Dolls", "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown", "Aida", "Oklahoma!", "Thoroughly Modern Millie", "Cats", "Grease", "The Wedding Singer", "Beautiful", "Footloose", "South Pacific" and most recently "How to Succeed In Business Without Really Trying". The thespian troupe at the school has also achieved success at the district, state, and national level.
Music programs.
The school's band is made up of a marching band, symphonic band, percussion ensemble, and jazz band. The marching band, known as the Marching Mantas, performs a half-time show during school football games, and competes against other schools at statewide competitions. The symphonic band consists of only wind, brass and percussion instruments, with no string section or string players participating. Both the symphonic and jazz bands are rated on their progress and quality of performance each year by their district Florida Bandmaster's Association.
Students may participate in the symphonic and jazz bands by enrolling in an elective class and may participate in the marching band and percussion ensemble as extracurricular activities without a required class.
The Marching Mantas participated in the Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida in January 2007.
Athletics.
Fall season sports at LBHS include junior varsity and varsity football, golf, volleyball, swimming, diving, cheerleading, and cross country running. During the winter season, sports include soccer, basketball and wrestling. During the spring season, students can participate in tennis, track or softball. Lemon Bay has long-standing rivalries with nearby Venice, Charlotte and Port Charlotte high schools.

</doc>
<doc id="5864200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864200" title="George Augustine Taylor">
George Augustine Taylor

George Augustine Taylor (1 August 1872 – 20 January 1928) was an Australian artist, journalist, and inventor.
Life.
Taylor was born at Sydney in 1872. He first became known as an artist, and was a member of the Sydney Bohemian set in the 1890s, whose doings he was afterwards to record in his "Those Were the Days", a volume of reminiscences published in 1918. He contributed drawings to "The Bulletin", "Worker", "Sunday Times", "Referee", and "London Punch", but later became interested in aviation and radio, and did some remarkable work in connection with them. Taylor was a member of the Dawn and Dusk Club, an association of bohemians and intellectuals that included the writer Henry Lawson. Taylor married his wife, Florence Mary Parsons in 1907.
He experimented with a motorless aeroplane (glider) and, in November 1909, constructed one of full size. He also contacted the retired inventor Lawrence Hargrave at this time. On 5 December, at Narrabeen, Sydney, Taylor flew in the glider he had designed and became the first person in Australia to fly in a heavier-than-air craft. Florence Taylor flew in her husband's glider on the same day. Much gliding had been done in America and Europe many years before this, but the principle and design of Taylor's machine appear to have anticipated the types being used in Europe more than 10 years later. In March 1910 Taylor arranged a demonstration of wireless at Heathcote for his superior officers in the army. He enlisted the aid of three civilians to perform this task, Taylor not being an inventor or radio operator himself. Messer’s Kirkby, Hannam and Wilkinson bought their own equipment with them set it up and performed the demonstrations. Taylor always used Kirkby to manufacture wireless sets and demonstrate wireless on other occasions such as at his lecture on the air age and its significance. Hannam went on to be Mawson’s wireless operator on his Antarctic expeditions. Kirkby had built the Shaw wireless works. In 1910 and 1911 he succeeded in communicating from one part of a railway train to another, and in exchanging messages between trains running at full speed. He had founded the aerial league in 1909 and was a co-founder of the Wireless Institute of New South Wales (now the Wireless Institute of Australia and Amateur Radio New South Wales) in 1910. 
It was largely on account of his representations that the first government wireless station was erected in Australia. He did some interesting experimental work in connexion with locating sound by wireless, which proved useful in the 1914-18 war when methods of locating submarines had to be devised. Taylor visited Europe in 1922 and studied broadcasting developments. On his return at the end of that year he formed an association for developing wireless in Australia and was elected its president. At a conference of wireless experts called together by the Commonwealth government in May 1923 Taylor was elected chairman, and did valuable work in framing broadcasting regulations for Australia. He was also a pioneer in the transmission of sketches by wireless, both in black and white and in colour. 
At around this time he was also appointed to the invention and patents committee of the British Science Guild and was active in the encouragement of scientific innovation and "invention as the one hope of attaining permanent world peace, and a real betterment of the conditions of the human race".
Taylor had for many years before this conducted a successful monthly trade journal called "Building", of which he was proprietor and editor. Gradually other magazines were added, including the "Australasian Engineer", the "Soldier", the "Commonwealth Home", and the "Radio Journal of Australasia". He also published two volumes of popular verse, "Songs for Soldiers" (1913), and "Just Jingles" (1922), and some small volumes of sketches and stories. He was much interested in town-planning, and published in 1914 "Town Planning for Australia" and in 1918 "Town Planning with Common-sense". 
An epileptic, he died as the result of a seizure in his bathtub on 20 January 1928 leaving his wife, Florence Mary Taylor, a widow. In 1929 a gift of £1100 was made to the University of Sydney by the G. A. Taylor memorial committee to found a lectureship in aviation or aeronautical engineering in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="5864214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864214" title="Yuktibhāṣā">
Yuktibhāṣā

Yuktibhāṣā (; "Rationale in the Malayalam/Sanskrit language") also known as Gaṇitanyāyasaṅgraha ("Compendium of astronomical rationale"), is a major treatise on mathematics and astronomy, written by Indian astronomer Jyesthadeva of the Kerala school of mathematics in about AD 1530. The treatise is a consolidation of the discoveries by Madhava of Sangamagrama, Nilakantha Somayaji, Parameshvara, Jyeshtadeva, Achyuta Pisharati and other astronomer-mathematicians of the Kerala school. "Yuktibhasa" is mainly based on Nilakantha's "Tantra Samgraha". It is considered an early text on some of the foundations of calculus and predates those of European mathematicians such as James Gregory by over a century. However, the treatise was largely unnoticed beyond Kerala, as the book was written in the local language of Malayalam. However, some have argued that mathematics from Kerala were transmitted to Europe (see Possible transmission of Keralese mathematics to Europe).
The work was unique for its time, since it contained proofs and derivations of the theorems that it presented; something that was not usually done by any Indian mathematicians of that era. Some of its important developments in analysis include: the infinite series expansion of a function, the power series, the Taylor series, the trigonometric series for sine, cosine, tangent and arctangent, the second and third order Taylor series approximations of sine and cosine, the power series of π, π/4, θ, the radius, diameter and circumference, and tests of convergence.
Contents.
"Yuktibhasa" contains most of the developments of earlier Kerala School mathematicians, particularly Madhava and Nilakantha. The text is divided into two parts — the former deals with mathematical analysis of arithmetic, algebra, trigonometry and geometry, logistics, algebraic problems, fractions, Rule of three, "Kuttakaram", circle and disquisition on R-Sine; and the latter about astronomy.
Mathematics.
As per the old Indian tradition of starting off new chapters with elementary content, the first four chapters of the "Yuktibhasa" contain elementary mathematics, such as division, proof of Pythagorean theorem, square root determination, etc. The radical ideas are not discussed until the sixth chapter on circumference of a circle.
"Yuktibhasa" contains the derivation and proof of the power series for inverse tangent, discovered by Madhava. In the text, Jyesthadeva describes Madhava's series in the following manner:
This yields
which further yields the theorem
attributed to James Gregory, who discovered it three centuries after Madhava.
The text also elucidates Madhava's infinite series expansion of π:
which he obtained from the power series expansion of the arc-tangent function.
Using a rational approximation of this series, he gave values of the number π as 3.14159265359 - correct to 11 decimals; and as 3.1415926535898 - correct to 13 decimals. These were the most accurate approximations of π after almost a thousand years.
The text describes that he gave two methods for computing the value of π.
and used the first 21 terms to compute an approximation of π correct to 11 decimal places as 3.14159265359.
in the infinite series expansion of formula_6 to improve the approximation of π to 13 decimal places of accuracy when n = 76.
Apart from these, the "Yukthibhasa" contains many elementary, and complex mathematics, including,
Most of these results were long before their European counterparts, to whom credit was traditionally attributed.
Astronomy.
Chapters seven to seventeen of the text deals essentially with subjects of astronomy, viz. Planetary orbit, Celestial sphere, ascension, declination, directions and shadows, spherical triangles, ellipses and parallax correction. The planetary theory described in the book is similar to that later adopted by Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe.
Modern edition of Yuktibhasa.
The importance of Yuktibhasa was brought to the attention of modern scholarship by C.M. Whish in 1834 through a paper published in the "Transactions of the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland". However, an edition of the mathematics part of the text (along with notes in Malayalam) was published only in 1948 by Ramavarma Thampuran and Akhileswara Aiyar. For the first time, a critical edition of the entire Malayalam text, along with English translation and detailed explanatory notes, has been brought out in two volumes by Springer
in 2008.
A third volume presenting a critical edition of the Sanskrit Ganitayuktibhasa has been brought out by the Indian Institute of Advanced Study, Shimla in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5864215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864215" title="List of Members of the Canadian House of Commons with military service (L)">
List of Members of the Canadian House of Commons with military service (L)


</doc>
<doc id="5864230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864230" title="Rontarius Robinson">
Rontarius Robinson

Rontarius Robinson (born April 8, 1982 in Tallahassee, Florida) is a defensive halfback who is a free agent.
Career.
Robinson was signed as a free agent by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 2005, and dressed for three games that year. In 2006, he dressed for a total of eighteen games, starting six at defensive back and linebacker. He finished the year with a total of 28 tackles, three interceptions, and a fumble recovery.
On May 23, 2008, he was signed as a free agent with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He was released on May 8, 2009.
He attended college at the Howard University.

</doc>
<doc id="5864233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864233" title="Edward Thomson (disambiguation)">
Edward Thomson (disambiguation)

Edward Thomson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5864243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864243" title="Oviedo High School">
Oviedo High School

Oviedo High School is a grade 9-12 public secondary school set on a campus in Oviedo, Florida, a community situated in southeastern Seminole County operated by Seminole County Public Schools. The “Oviedo School” was established in 1932 as a comprehensive K-through-12 educational facility; members of the first graduating class received their diplomas in 1935. The secondary grades separated from the elementary in 1948, and the upper level, which moved to the current site in 1969, became Oviedo High School, now one of the oldest schools in Central Florida. The school recently underwent a $50 million renovation project. The school newspaper is the "Lion's Tale", an award-winning paper recognized by the National Scholastic Press Association, the Columbia Scholastic Press Association, and the Florida Scholastic Press Association.
Demographics.
In the past ten years, the city of Oviedo and its surrounding area, which together constitute the Oviedo High School attendance zone, have dramatically changed from a primarily agrarian support community of approximately 5,000 people to a full service, suburban community of nearly 50,000. Oviedo H.S. students are drawn from the cities of Oviedo and Winter Springs as well as from suburban residential neighborhoods of unincorporated Seminole County. From 2005-2009, the population of Oviedo High School declined significantly because many students were rezoned to Hagerty High School. 
Starting with the 2009-2010 school year, Oviedo High School allowed open enrollment for students in other Seminole County schools in an effort to boost attendance.
Athletics.
The school's athletic teams are known as the Lions. The school offers Bowling, Cross Country, Football, Golf, Swimming, and Volleyball, as Fall sports. It offers Basketball, Soccer, and Wrestling as Winter sports. It offers Lacrosse, Baseball, Softball, Tennis, Track and Field, Volleyball, and Water Polo as Spring sports.
Oviedo is classified by the Florida High School Athletic Association as a Class 5A high school. In February 2007 the school's wrestling team won its fourth consecutive state championship, becoming the only team ever in the history of Florida high school wrestling to win four straight titles in the big schools division (2004–2007). The team won eighty-four consecutive dual meet events from 2004 to 2008. 
The Oviedo Lions have an in-town rivalry with Hagerty High School. The Lions also have a rivalry with Winter Springs High School and Lake Brantley High School.
In May 2011, Oviedo High School was fined $57,000 (the fine was originally $280,000, but was reduced because of their cooperation with the FHSAA) and the school's head volleyball coach and entire wrestling staff were fired after the volleyball and wrestling teams had players who lived outside the district, violating eligibility requirements. The violations involved at least one volleyball player and five wrestlers and include falsifying addresses, athletes transferring to Oviedo and living with assistant coaches in order to circumvent location mandates, and recruiting through a club program run by the volleyball coach. The FHSAA also banned the wrestling team from regional, district, and state competition for three years. The volleyball team was put on probation for two years. The athletic director and assistant athletic director lost their jobs. The fines come out of the athletic fund instead of taxpayer resources. The volleyball and wrestling teams were forced to forfeit all their wins from the 2010-11 season. The wrestling team was also placed on probation for four years. The fines and sanctions are the harshest in Florida history. In June 2012, the FHSAA removed the remaining two years of Oveido's postseason ban in wrestling, allowing team members to compete for regional and state honors, while keeping the school on probation for two years. The coaches involved and illegally enrolled students were no longer at the school.
JROTC.
Oviedo is also known for its NJROTC program, which is run by SNSI USMC Colonel (Ret.) Joseph Nardo, NSI Master Chief Marteney, and NSI Senior Chief Ferry. The program currently has 200 students enrolled. The NJROTC unit has hosted the NJROTC Florida State Championships annually since 2006. Their current website is http://www.ohs-njrotc.com, this is a resource for cadets that are currently enrolled in the NJROTC program at Oviedo High School.

</doc>
<doc id="5864248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864248" title="Brian Mac Giolla Phádraig">
Brian Mac Giolla Phádraig

Brian Mac Giolla Phádraig (c. 1580 – c. 1652) was a scholar and poet of noble descent from Ossory. Only a handful of his poems are still extant. A cry of despair against the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland, and its consequences for the world and class which he belonged to, his "Faisean Chláir Éibhir" bears a striking resemblance to the poetry of the great Dáibhí Ó Bruadair: ""A trick of this false world has laid me low: servants in every home with grimy English but no regard for one of the poet class save "Out! and take your precious Gaelic with you!""
Mac Giolla Phádraig was ordained a priest in 1610. Around the year 1651 he was appointed vicar general and apostolic vicar of the diocese of Ossory. He was executed by Oliver Cromwell's forces shortly afterwards. A memorial to him lies in the village square of Durrow.
"Faisean Chláir Éibhir".
The full title comes from its first line: "Och mo chreachsa faisean chláir Éibhir". Mac Giolla Phádraig's most famous work deplored the anglicisation of ordinary poor Irish farm labourers, pejoratively known as churls, in the 1600s. He considered that formerly they were poorer and more respectful of his Church and Gaelic culture, but were now starting to adopt materialism and the English language. Extracts give a flavour:

</doc>
<doc id="5864253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864253" title="KDGL">
KDGL

KDGL (106.9 FM, "The Eagle") is a classic Hits /classic rock station serving the Coachella Valley and Morongo Basin markets of inland Southern California. Artists featured on the station include Aerosmith, The Beatles, Boston (band), Jim Croce, The Eagles, Foreigner, Billy Joel, Elton John, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Fleetwood Mac, Styx, The Steve Miller Band, and many others.
KDGL's studios are located at 1321 North Gene Autry Trail in Palm Springs, California. KDGL's main transmitter is located on the southeast corner of Yucca Valley, California, just north of Joshua Tree National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="5864256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864256" title="Thomas Henry Ball">
Thomas Henry Ball

Thomas Henry Ball (January 14, 1859 – May 7, 1944) was a Texas politician and a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives. He was mayor of Huntsville, Texas from 1877 to 1892, and moved to Houston in 1902.
Thomas Henry Ball and Frank Andrews formed a law firm in Houston in 1902. Melvin Kurth joined in 1913. Andrews Kurth was important to Texas railroad firms early in the twentieth century. It represented Reconstruction Finance Corporation and Federal National Mortgage Corporation, New Deal agencies. In the early twenty-first century Andrews Kurth had offices in London and Beijing, and employed more than 400 lawyers.
He held many posts in the Democratic Party of Texas, and unsuccessfully sought the 1914 nomination to be Governor of Texas on a prohibition platform, despite endorsements from President Woodrow Wilson and William Jennings Bryan. His Houston law practice represented chiefly railroads and corporations, and he promoted Texas port facilities both in Congress and after. He was general counsel for the Port Commission of Houston. He was a delegate at the 1892 Democratic National Convention, and in 1924, and 1928.
Because Mr. Ball had been instrumental in routing a railroad through Peck, Texas, the town was renamed Tomball, Texas in his honor in 1907

</doc>
<doc id="5864261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864261" title="Ford Street Racing">
Ford Street Racing

Ford Street Racing is a game commissioned by Ford for the Xbox, PC, PlayStation 2. It was also to PSP under the name Ford Bold Moves Street Racing, a name later adopted for all other consoles. It was released September 19, 2006 in the United States. It was developed by Razorworks, published by Empire Interactive, and distributed by Ingram Entertainment.
The standard version of the game has 18 cars, while the Australian XR Edition swaps 3 Standard cars for 3 Australian cars, and the PSP version adds 6 cars to the Standard Editions garage making 24 cars - considerably less than Ford Racing 3's 55. The game features team and solo championship modes. Cars and tracks are unlocked as the player wins the championships. The championships require the player to buy cars and repair them after they've been damaged. Notable cars featured in the game including Ford Mustang Boss 302, Ford RS200, Ford GT, Ford Lightning and the Ford Mustang SVT Cobra.

</doc>
<doc id="5864270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864270" title="Deltona High School">
Deltona High School

Deltona High School, commonly referred to as Deltona High, is a public high school located in Deltona, Florida, United States. It is located on Wolf Pack Run, east of Interstate 4 in the city's northwestern corner. In the 2011–2012 academic school year, the school enrolled 1,666 students in grades 9–12. Deltona High opened on August 29, 1988 as the city's first high school. The school was the first high school in Volusia County to be built since Spruce Creek High School in 1975.
Academics/Curriculum.
Deltona High School has four academies to help prepare students for a career or post secondary education. The following academies include: the Drafting and Trade Related Occupations Academy, the PrintEd & Graphic Design Academy, the Health Services Academy, and the Academy of Entrepreneurship, Marketing & Management Academy. Deltona High School is the only school in Florida to be awarded PrintEd National Accreditation by the Graphic Arts Education and Research Foundation for its Printing Technology Program.
The school, along with the rest of the Volusia County School system, weighs regular classes as 4.0, honors credits as 4.5, and community college credits and AP credits as 5.0. This weighted GPA system only gave 4.5 points to community college credits but was changed in 2008 to 5.0 points. This change in the weighted GPA was met with strong criticism from the local teachers' union and the Superintendent's Diploma of Distinction program.
The school had its first Muslim valedictorian at the end of the 2009-2010 academic year.
AVID/Advanced Placement.
Deltona High School also participates in the Advancement Via Individual Determination Program, or AVID. Deltona High School offers 15 Advanced Placement courses. Several courses include AP Social Studies, AP Hayden Riley-Mathematics, AP English and Spanish Literature, as well as AP Art Studio courses.
Army Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps.
The JROTC Curriculum includes instruction in Leadership Theory, Wellness, Fitness, and First-Aid, Geography, Earth Science, Citizenship and American Military History. The curriculum prepares high school students for responsible leadership roles while instilling an appreciation for the rights and privileges of American citizenship. In addition to the classroom course instruction, cadets have the opportunity to be involved in community service projects, command and staff leadership positions, and JROTC Summer Camp (select cadets). JROTC also offers student participation in numerous extra curricular activities such as Color Guard, Drill, Raider, and Scholar teams; participation in local, state and national JROTC competitions; and represent Deltona High at area events and activities throughout the central Florida region.
Health Services Academy.
The program allows students who are interested in a career in the health field the chance to get a head start on their future while still in high school. The academy offers approximately 200 students the chance to earn dual enrolled credit with Daytona State College, in the area of their choice, volunteer in the community, and study specific medical course work designed to prepare students for a career in a specific field.
The Academy of Entrepreneurship, Marketing, and Management.
The Academy of Entrepreneurship, Marketing, and Management, or AEMM as it is more commonly referred to, is a program that teaches students the basics of business and marketing throughout many hands-on projects. AEMM is a four-year program that starts at the end of a student's eighth grade year when they are accepted into the academy. Freshmen start out learning the basics of the marketing mix and end up writing their very own Sales Training Manual for a mock store. The mock store is presented to the class where they must help a customer, using the knowledge they have learned. Sophomores take that knowledge to the next level by running an in school business, RUN Deltona Marketing Consortium, or RUN DMC. In RUN DMC students are in charge they decide what they sell, when they sell, and how they sell. All of the products are made in class as well as all promotional items(Posters and commercials). Juniors take another step on the proverbial ladder of knowledge and experience. Students in their third year work with real businesses, creating and implementing marketing plans. The third year class for the '09-'10 school year also won a display contest hosted by Plato's Closet. As Fourth year students, seniors students will get a chance to learn leadership first hand by working with Stetson University and UCF.
Superintendent's Diploma of Distinction (SDD) Program.
This program recognizes students with rigorous AP coursework, upright character, and outstanding GPAs. The program holds a large luncheon for all returning grads who were once part of this program at before winter break. The program also holds a banquet for its members at the end of the school year. It aggressively encourages students to enroll in Advance Placement courses. Students must submit an application and obtain acceptance. Applicants are selected on the quality of their essays and their test scores.
Enrollment.
An additional secondary school to the Volusia County School Board, which began under the project name "High School DDD", began construction in late 2006. Located in Orange City, Florida, the school is expected to be finished in early 2010 and will open for the 2010-2011 school year. School-district officials confirmed to have hoped the Orange City school would provide relief to DeLand High School, which is over capacity with 3,160 students, as of May 2009. The school would also provide relief to Deltona High School to shift students away from the overpopulated institution, which would also affect zoning amongst other students in Deltona. At a cost of around $96 million, University High School is, currently, one of the largest and the most expensive ever built in Volusia County.
The decision to build the school for the purpose of re-zoning students who live East of Interstate 4 to University High School had stirred some controversy. Some city commissioners and parents of Deltona High School students were initially against the idea of transferring students who lived East of Interstate 4 to a new school. Mayor Dennis Mulder and City Commission vowed to urge the School Board to change its mind on school rezoning, before final action was taken on December 8, 2009. Instead, the City Commission and the School Board decided to discuss the matters through mediation, which would be discussed between January or February 2010 at the earliest.
As of November 2009, confirmed by the "West Volusia Beacon" community newspaper, Deltona High School was initially designed to accommodate 1,834 students. The enrollment is, currently, at 2,981. Pine Ridge High School's initial capacity was 1,741, but the student body is, currently, at 2,197. The other existing school affected by the rezoning, DeLand High School, has a design capacity of 2,804, but the school enrollment is, currently, at 3,286. University High school is confirmed to accommodate 2,564 students.
Extracurricular activities.
Deltona High School offers a variety of electives and extracurricular activities available for students. The school has a variety of art-related activities and electives, ranging from art, band, chorus and computer arts, to drama class and video production courses. The school offers two foreign language courses: Spanish and French. Deltona High School also has over 10 athletics sports teams and activities, like basketball, baseball and football.
Athletics.
Deltona High School offers students opportunities for participation in 15 different sports with 31 teams (23 at the varsity level).It is one of only a few high schools in Volusia County with most of the athletic facilities including a stadium located on campus. The following sports offered at Deltona High School include: basketball, baseball, cheer-leading, cross country, football, golf, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, track, volleyball and wrestling.
Deltona's rivals include Pine Ridge High School, Deland High School, and University High School. Each year the Deltona High's football team squares off against Pine Ridge High School in the "Battle of the Boulevard". Deltona High's football team, the Wolves, play against Deland High Bulldogs in the "Battle of the Bone".
Blue Brigade.
The Blue Brigade is an ensemble composed of the Symphonic Band, Concert Band, Percussion Class and Reflections Color Guard. The purpose of the ensemble is to provide entertainment at football games, pep rallies, band festivals, parades and concerts. It is an integral part of the instrumental music curriculum at Deltona High School. It was established in the 1988-1989 school year. During the first school year, the Blue Brigade marched in makeshift uniforms of jeans and t-shirts. Despite many first year school problems the Blue Brigade marched in eight football game performances, three parades, three competitions, and festivals. The band received an excellent rating at two marching festivals including the state FBA Marching Festival.
Mu Alpha Theta.
The Mu Alpha Theta was officially the school's largest organization at the end of the 2009-2010 academic year. The organization competed in math tournaments and chess tournaments throughout the county. It provided hundreds of hours of volunteer student-student tutoring. It provided seminars explaining how to fill out FAFSA forms and helped minority students fill out applications to state universities. It earned its national recognition for its chapter by the National Mu Alpha Theta organization. This chapter also held the school's first student-sponsored senior scholarship and also sponsored a trip to Busch Gardens: Tampa. It raised money by holding the school's first Ping-Pong and 2-Ball Tournaments.
Controversy.
In May 2012, high school senior Michael Rudi suffered an asthma attack, and was refused treatment or access to his albuterol inhaler by school staff. Upon collapsing from lack of air, he was left alone in a room by the school nurse, who called his mother after locking the door, trapping the student within the room. The school alleges that Rudi had not completed paperwork required for him to use his inhaler on school grounds, but were unable to explain why the nurse had not contacted emergency services, or attempt other lifesaving procedures. Rudi's mother, Sue Rudi, has filed complaints with the Volusia County Sheriff's Office, the State Licensing Board and the school board. Director of Student Health Services, Cheryl Selesky, confirmed that it is district policy to call 911 when a student cannot breathe.

</doc>
<doc id="5864284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864284" title="Edward Deas Thomson">
Edward Deas Thomson

Sir Edward Deas Thomson, KCMG, (1 June 1800 – 16 July 1879) was an Australian administrator, politician and chancellor of the University of Sydney.
Life.
Thomson was born at Edinburgh. His father, Sir John Deas Thomson, was accountant-general to the navy and married Rebecca, daughter of John Freer. Their son was educated at Edinburgh high school, and at Harrow. He afterwards spent two years in study at Caen in Normandy, France. His tutor there, from September 1815, was Joseph Lowe.
Thomson then began working with his father who at that time was reorganizing the system of keeping accounts in the navy. In 1826 Thomson visited the United States and Canada, and on his return in 1827 accepted the position of registrar of the orphan chambers at Demarara. Before leaving England he was able to arrange to exchange this position for that of clerk to the New South Wales legislative and executive councils.
In Australia.
Thomson arrived in Sydney in December 1828 and proved to be a valuable officer. In January 1837 he became Colonial Secretary at a salary of £1500 a year and held this position for nearly 20 years. He carried out his duties with much tact, and during the stormy period of the governorship of Sir George Gipps it has been said of him that he was personally so respected that members of the council found it almost painful to oppose him. His experience was particularly useful during the passing of the constitution bill, and he was sent with William Wentworth to England to see the bill through the Imperial parliament. In 1854 he was given a public testimonial, half the amount subscribed being expended on a piece of plate and the remainder given to Sydney University to found a scholarship in his name. Thomson was asked by the governor, Sir William Denison, to form the first government under the new constitution but was unable to do so. He entered the New South Wales Legislative Council and was vice-president of the executive council in the Parker ministry, and on 19 August 1857 moved for a select committee on the question of Australian federation. The committee reported in favour of a federal assembly being established but the Charles Cowper ministry had come into power in the meantime, and the question was shelved.
Thomson continued to be a member of the legislative council until his death, but his health had suffered from his heavy work as colonial secretary and he no longer attempted to take a leading part in its proceedings. He had been granted a substantial pension on his retirement in 1856 and he now had time to devote himself to other interests. He had been an original member of the senate of the University of Sydney when it was founded in 1850, he became vice-chancellor in 1862, and was chancellor from 1865 until 1878. He took an interest in sporting matters and for some years was president of the Australian Jockey Club. He also served as President of the Australian Club in Sydney. During his visit to England he had been made a C.B. and he was created K.C.M.G. in 1874. 
Thomson died on 16 July 1879.
Family.
Thomson married the second daughter of Governor Sir Richard Bourke, who survived him with two sons and five daughters. His portrait is in the great hall of the University of Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="5864288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864288" title="The Law of Enclosures (film)">
The Law of Enclosures (film)

The Law of Enclosures is a Canadian drama film, released in 1999. The film was written and directed by John Greyson, and based on the novel "The Law of Enclosures" by Dale Peck.
The novel traced the marital relationship of Henry and Beatrice, characters based on Peck's real-life parents, over the course of their lives from their courtship as young adults to their 40th wedding anniversary. For the film adaptation, Greyson set the events in 1991 against the backdrop of the first Gulf War, with Henry and Beatrice's younger and older selves all coexisting in a single time frame.
Sarah Polley and Brendan Fletcher played Henry and Beatrice as a young couple, with Diane Ladd and Sean McCann playing the older characters. Greyson also set the film in Sarnia, Ontario. The film's cast also included Kristen Thomson, Rob Stefaniuk, Shirley Douglas and Jasmine Guy. The score was written by Don Pyle and Andrew Zealley.

</doc>
<doc id="5864301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864301" title="Joseph Chappell Hutcheson">
Joseph Chappell Hutcheson

Joseph Chappell Hutcheson, Sr. (May 18, 1842 – May 25, 1924), was a Texas politician and a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives and from 1893 to 1897 the United States House of Representatives from Texas' 1st congressional district. He practiced law in Houston. He was a native of Mecklenburg County, Virginia.
His son, Joseph Chappell Hutcheson, Jr., was a mayor of Houston and a federal judge. A grandson, Thad Hutcheson, also a Houston lawyer, was a Republican candidate in the 1957 special election to the United States Senate from Texas; he was defeated by Democrat Ralph Yarborough. Thad Hutcheson served in 1958 as the chairman of the Texas GOP.

</doc>
<doc id="5864308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864308" title="Ugandan space initiatives">
Ugandan space initiatives

The development of Ugandan space initiatives has been largely shaped by that country's position on the equator. Its history is marked by an early unrealistic proposal for a full-fledged space program, and a significant involvement in issues of space law.
Conditions.
As one of only a handful of equatorial states, Uganda is ideally sited for a spaceport to launch satellites into geostationary orbit, but this option has never been pursued because of political instability in the country.
The closest regional facility, and the only one ever active in East Africa, is the Italian-owned Broglio Space Centre off of neighboring Kenya's coast.
Uganda has never acquired any ballistic missile capability, the usual precursor to booster development. The only state in Sub-Saharan Africa to ever do so was South Africa, which developed the RSA-3 and RSA-4 missiles in the 1980s, but after the end of apartheid cancelled its nuclear weapons, and later its ballistic missile programs by 1993.
Space law.
Uganda joined the first two international space law treaties, ratifying the Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty on March 24, 1964, and acceding to the Outer Space Treaty on April 24, 1968. It was not, however, a party to the later Rescue Agreement of 1968, the Liability Convention of 1972, the Registration Convention of 1976 or the Moon Treaty of 1984.
Uganda was one of eight equatorial states that adopted the Bogotá Declaration on December 3, 1976, which seemingly contradicted the Outer Space Treaty, but asserted that geostationary orbit was not "outer space" and constitutes national territory.
Idi Amin era.
When President Idi Amin came to power in a 1971 coup (at the Space Race climax of the Apollo lunar landings), he shortly thereafter announced an impossibly optimistic human spaceflight program, that never progressed beyond an attempt at astronaut training on an obstacle course made up of used automobile tires.
In June 1999, this effort received dubious recognition as one of the magazine feature's "100 Worst Ideas of the Century".
Idi Amin's government also developed an interest in UFO activity, and he even claimed to have personally witnessed a UFO over Lake Victoria in 1973. In 1971, at the beginning of his regime, United Nations ambassador Grace Ibingira advocated an early form of post-detection policy to prevent Cold War provocation of hostilities with UFOs. Near the end of the Amin era, Uganda also became the only other country to support Eric Gairy of Grenada's efforts for UN recognition of the phenomenon with a dedicated agency and declaring 1978 as the International Year of UFOs.
Modern government effort.
At the September 1996 "Conference on Small Satellites: Missions and Technology" in Madrid, Spain, informal proposals were raised for a Ugandan microsatellite project. At the "Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space" held in Vienna July 1999, Semakula Kiwanuka said "space technology is a powerful tool for accelerating national development" and pointed out the benefits a space program would have for his country. There have also been proposals for space science to be introduced at Mbarara University of Science & Technology.
Space technology for a country like Uganda would be most relevant in the fields of environmental Earth observation satellites and communications. Uganda sent two representatives, Samuel Edward Sekunda of the Department of Meteorology and Yafesi Okia of Lands and Surveys, to the "Regional Workshop on the Use of Space Technology for Outer Space Affairs" organized by the United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia in July 2002. Joel Arumadri of the National Environmental Management Authority (NEMA) represented Uganda at the April 2004 "Regional Workshop on the Use of Space Technology for Natural Resources Management, Environmental Monitoring and Disaster Management" in Khartoum, Sudan.
The Department of Meteorology has been directly active in the communications use of space technology, running the Radio and Internet (RANET) program, which allows rural communities to access government internet forecasts through WorldSpace satellite radio from 2001-2009.
President Yoweri Museveni has spoken in favor of a regional East African approach to future human spaceflight.
Amateur effort.
The African Space Research Program is a private volunteer space advocacy group that has pursued a DIY aviation program, with the goal of simulating and preparing for eventual spaceflight. The team was founded by Chris Nsamba after he collaborated on a homebuilt aircraft project in the United States, and resolved to build the first Ugandan-designed homebuilt (the "African Skyhawk") upon his return. Nsamba believes will be capable of flying at an altitude of 80,000 ft. The aircraft is being put together, with the help of 600 volunteers, in Nsamba's mother's backyard in Ntinda, a suburb of Kampala.
The group has also built a "Cadimalla Space Observer", for aerial photography, which they plan to send up with a high-altitude balloon. Jinja Airport is planned to be used for these efforts.
Nsamba, has developed ambitious plans for an eventual spaceplane (the "Dynacraft Spaceship") to send to orbit by 2017, and has also taken on the responsibility of training his volunteers, drawing on his background as a student of astronomy. When asked how he would simulate the effects of zero-gravity, Nsamba said: "I've got a jet engine on order so I'm planning to build a tunnel, put the engine at one end and when I throw a guy in he'll float in a similar way to how he would in space."
The program has been sustained by donations from around the world, and from 2011, funding has also been supplied by the Ugandan government. A spokesman for the department of Science and Technology said: "I applaud their ambition ... It provides an opportunity for Africans in general and Ugandans in particular to participate in space science and research instead of being spectators." Flight engineers from the Civil Aviation Authority have been assigned to review and advise the team. However, the head of safety at the Civil Aviation Authority subsequently reported to a parliamentary science committee that all space activities are illegal in Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="5864312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864312" title="Jay Purvis">
Jay Purvis

Jay Purvis is a former model and television host. Purvis was a co-host of "Kitchen Equipped", which was shown on Food Network Canada, Purvis also hosted HGTV. Purvis now hosts "The Fix" which airs on HGTV.
The "Kitchen Equipped"'s resident carpenter's looks (Purvis) are compared to "American Idol" host Ryan Seacrest. Purvis is also compared to English chef Jamie Oliver due to Purvis's use of Brighton slang and public school accent.
Biography.
Purvis was born in Oakville, Ontario in 1976, but his mother and brother moved to Britain and later when he was 8 years to Israel. Jay is a former pupil of Claremont Preparatory School and then Sutton Valence Public School and grew up in rural Kent with his mother and brother Shawn (DJ and surfer). He rode his mother's horses helping her in her equestrian hobbies and also played good rugby and cricket for his schools. After Shawn had finished his A levels they all moved to Brighton, where he worked in the building renovation and carpentry world. At the age of 20, Jay hung up his tools for the catwalk after being taken on by a London agency. After modelling for three years he moved back to Canada, where he has since continued to frame houses and star in various shows.
Since being back in Canada, he has worked as a construction manager on numerous projects. After that, he started his own renovation and framing company. Through starting his own business, Jay gained much needed and invaluable knowledge about business and construction.
Jay got into television when he met a television producer Neil Davies who was looking for a contractor for the show "Kitchen Equipped". He has also made appearances on various other television shows mostly on Home and Garden Television. He now hosts a show on HGTV called "The Fix".
When not filming Purvis's television show, he worked as a commercial diver.
Awards.
Jay Purvis has been nominated for "Viewer's Choice Award for Lifestyle Host" at the Gemini Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5864313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864313" title="Suwannee High School">
Suwannee High School

Suwannee High School is the larger of two high schools in Suwannee County, Florida. It is located in Live Oak, Florida and serves 1,282 students in grades 9 through 12.
Programs.
It has a successful foreign exchange program and a diverse population. Suwannee High School is partnered with the Suwannee-Hamilton Technical Center to provide 14 different vocational tracks that allow students to earn credit toward a standard high school diploma while learning a trade. Dual-enrollment classes are offered through the North Florida Community College as well as an Advanced Placement curriculum.
Groups.
The school has over 20 clubs including: Academic Team, Art Club, National Beta Club, Fellowship of Christian Athletes, Family, Career and Community Leaders of America, National FFA Organization, Rotary Interact, Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps, Key Club, Leo Club, National Honor Society, Students Working Against Tobacco, Thurgood Marshall Achievers, and Tri-Hi-Y.
The school's Navy Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps is currently the 17th best JROTC unit in the state of Florida. The local FFA has won numerous state and national awards. The Academic Team has won 15 times in the state championship. The Bulldog marching band is under the direction of Stacey Gindlesperger and has gone to state marching competition the past 3 years. The concert band earned an overall superior rating at concert district competition and received individual superior ratings in all captions including sight reading. This is the first time this has happened in 21 years.
Sports.
There are 27 different athletic teams, who are known as the "Bulldogs". The athletic teams are available in the following sports: football, girls cross country, band, basketball, baseball, softball, soccer, tennis, golf, bowling, and girls' weightlifting. All athletes must maintain a 2.0 GPA in order to participate.
The varsity football team was once a powerhouse, winning four consecutive 3A FHSAA Championships from 1987 to 1991. This feat is unmatched in the state of Florida, the only other four year consecutive football state championship team did not play in the same class all four years.
The Suwannee High wrestling team, coached by David Laxton, is considered one of the top teams in the state. With 3 state championships 5 runner ups and numerous top 5 placings. Since 1981, the school has put out 19 state champions, including Billy Saylor, a 3-time state champion. Along with those champions, there were 11 all Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="5864321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864321" title="Meilichios">
Meilichios

As Zeus Meilichius or Meilichios, the Olympian of Greek mythology subsumed as an attributive epithet an earlier chthonic "daimon", Meilichios, who was propitiated in Athens by archaic rituals, as Jane Ellen Harrison demonstrated in detail in "Prolegomena to the Study of Greek Religion" (1903). In the course of examining the archaic aspects of the Diasia festival, the greatest Athenian festival accorded Zeus, she showed that it had been superimposed upon an earlier propitiatory ceremony.
"Meilichios", the "Easy-to-be-entreated", the gracious, accessible one, was the euphemistic aspect of ""Maimaktes", he who rages eager, panting and thirsting for blood." (Harrison, p. 17).
Explicitly inscribed votive reliefs show that Meilichios was figured in the form of a serpent, who might be invoked as a kind of Ploutos, bringer of wealth. He had some of the avenging and fearful character of an Erynis, for Pausanias saw near the River Cephissus "an ancient altar of Zeus Meilichios; on it Theseus received purification from the descendants of Phytalos after he had slain among other robbers Sinis, who was related to himself". Meilichios' sacrifice was a holocaust, which was wholly consumed in fire and not shared by the votaries, "a dread renunciation to a dreadful power" (Harrison, p. 16), in nocturnal rites performed in an atmosphere of "chilly gloom" (Harrison), that was rendered in Greek as "stygiotes".
Zeus tended to obscure the earlier figure he had supplanted. An Athenian of the fifth century would likely have conceived Zeus Meilichios as Zeus-Hades, Zeus "in his chthonic aspect".

</doc>
<doc id="5864324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864324" title="Medical Injury Compensation Reform Act">
Medical Injury Compensation Reform Act

The Medical Injury Compensation Reform Act (MICRA) of 1975 was a statute enacted by the California Legislature in August 1975 (and signed into law by Governor Jerry Brown in September) which was intended to lower medical malpractice liability insurance premiums for healthcare providers in that state by decreasing their potential tort liability. MICRA's stated justification, in turn, was to keep healthcare providers as a whole financially solvent, thus lowering the cost of healthcare services and increasing their availability. MICRA's constitutionality was repeatedly challenged during the 1970s and 1980s, but most of it was eventually upheld as constitutional under rational basis review by the Supreme Court of California or the California Courts of Appeal. Almost all of MICRA is still in effect and still part of California law.
Provisions.
MICRA consists of the following parts:
These are codified at a number of different locations in the California Codes: Business & Professions Code Section 6146, Civil Code Sections 3333.1 and 3333.2, and Code of Civil Procedure Section 667.7.
Results.
A RAND report estimates that defendants' liabilities were reduced by 30% as a result of MICRA. Between 1985 and 1988, malpractice premiums rose 47 percent. After 1988, the insurance premiums in California experienced a decrease. It is contested as to whether this decrease was a result of Proposition 103. Proposition 103 enacted Section 1861.01 of the California Insurance Code, which explicitly required the rollback of insurance premiums by "at least 20%".
Influence.
The perceived success of MICRA in helping California healthcare providers stay financially solvent in turn inspired similar tort reform initiatives in other states. A prominent example was Nevada's Question 3, which was enacted by the voters of that state in 2004 by a 60% majority. Like MICRA, Question 3 set a maximum schedule for attorney's fees, and capped noneconomic damages at a slightly higher number, $350,000. Question 3 was also known as the KODIN Initiative after its main sponsor, Keep Our Doctors In Nevada. KODIN promoted Question 3 by pointing to an alleged trend of Nevada doctors fleeing the state for states with lower malpractice premiums like California. To directly counter KODIN, the Nevada plaintiffs' bar put Questions 4 and 5 on the same ballot, and both 4 and 5 were defeated.
Controversy.
Plaintiffs in malpractice lawsuits and trial attorneys, particularly the Consumer Attorneys of California (CAOC), have continuously fought against MICRA since its inception. Due to the $250,000 cap on non-economic damages, lawyers' fees are also restricted due to the attorney fee percentage cap.
In late 2013, Bob Pack, a former NetZero executive, along with Consumer Watchdog and the Consumer Attorneys of California, launched a campaign to place a California ballot proposition onto the November 2014 ballot. This campaign is largely funded by trial lawyers across California.
One of the ballot measure's components would be to raise the MICRA cap to current inflation standards (approximately $1.1 million), with future annual adjustments. Many of California's health, medical, business and community organizations, including the California Medical Association, the California Teachers Association, Planned Parenthood, and community clinics and health centers, are in opposition to the ballot measure. The American Civil Liberties Union has also expressed opposition to the measure.

</doc>
<doc id="5864326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864326" title="Dhamasa">
Dhamasa

Dhamasa is a small town in the southwestern Gedo region of Somalia.
Overview.
The settlement was founded in the early 1950s by Somali nomads from the larger region. Dhamasa is bordered by Beledhawo, Baardheere and Ceelwaaq.
The town has an estimated population of around 27,000 residents. Its municipal government is led by Mayor Ali Adan Iriri, with Muse Dhaqane serving as Deputy Mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="5864341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864341" title="Patrick Power (lawyer)">
Patrick Power (lawyer)

Patrick John Piers Power, SC (born 12 May 1952) is a former Senior Counsel in New South Wales, Australia. He was Deputy Senior Crown Prosecutor at the NSW Department of Public Prosecutions (DPP). In May 2007 he was convicted of possessing child pornography.
Early life.
According to "Who's Who In Australia," Power was educated at Barker College in Hornsby, an Anglican Church school. He obtained his law degree at the Australian National University, his Masters degree at the University of Sydney and accomplished an MBA at the University of New South Wales. He returned to Sydney Uni to work on his PhD. He completed his PhD thesis at the ANU on comparative restorative justice practice.
Legal career.
Power was admitted as a barrister and worked for 16 years as a prosecutor in serious criminal cases (including sex cases). He was also the chairperson of the New South Wales Youth Justice Advisory Committee. He was instrumental in promoting and helping draft the Young Offenders Act 1997 (NSW) which instituted restorative justice conferencing for young offenders. He was a consultant to the New South Wales Government on the implementation of restorative justice processes for adults.
[http://www.djj.nsw.gov.au/yjac.htm]
Arrest and conviction.
On 4 July 2006 Patrick Power requested the information technology department of his office to repair his personal computer which had been experiencing technical problems. During repairs, the technician examining the computer discovered a sub-directory (folder) containing evidence of files associated with child pornography including 31 video files and links to additional material on a removable hard drive. 
The technician notified his superiors and Power was subsequently arrested on 6 July 2006. He was then also suspended from his duties, but remained on full pay until his formal resignation in January 2007. His annual base remuneration amounted to $ 221,000. [http://www.news.com.au/story/0,10117,19927698-1702,00.html] 
Power pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography during his court appearance at Sydney's Downing Centre Local Court. Victorian chief Crown prosecutor Jeremy Rapke said Power had collected in excess of 29,000 pornographic images including 433 pictures and 31 videos depicting children. He said, they were of "the worst and highest grade pornography" involving "humiliation and sadistic bestiality".
Fifty-nine members of the community, including former colleagues provided references of Power's good character to the court. This included a statement by the state's most senior Crown Prosecutor, Mark Tedeschi QC, a colleague of Power's of 26 years.
Sentencing and release.
On 9 May 2007, Power was sentenced to 15 months imprisonment, to serve a minimum of eight months, but was released on bail when his lawyers lodged an appeal against sentence. The appeal was dismissed on 14 June 2007 and Power was imprisoned for seven months. A case against the Daily Telegraph was withdrawn by the Law Society on 20 November 2007 because an apology had been printed by that newspaper.
Power's practicing certificate was suspended by the NSW Bar Association. He was released from gaol on 18 January 2008.
On 17 June, the New South Wales Court of Appeal found Patrick Power guilty of Professional Misconduct, that he was not a fit and proper person to remain on the Roll of Legal Practitioners, and that his name be removed from the Roll of Legal Practitioners.

</doc>
<doc id="5864352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864352" title="Union Cross, North Carolina">
Union Cross, North Carolina

Union Cross is an unincorporated community in southeastern Forsyth County, North Carolina, United States. Parts of the community have been annexed by Kernersville and Winston-Salem as a result of the area's large population growth and the construction of the new Dell plant. The community holds Union Cross Traditional Academy, as well as Glenn High School.
Geography.
Union Cross is located at (36.048470 -80.118933). It is located southeast of Winston-Salem at the intersection of High Point Road, and Union Cross Road, north of U.S. Route 311, and Future Interstate 74. Its elevation is 978 feet (298 m).

</doc>
<doc id="5864356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864356" title="Senkosha Productions">
Senkosha Productions

Senkosha Productions was the television production arm of the large Japanese advertising agency the Senkosha Company. The Tokyo-based Senkosha Company still exists, though it has long since closed its television division, now known as Senko Kikaku (Senko Planning). Among the shows Senkosha Productions produced were The Samurai, Moonlight Mask, Planet Prince, Silver Mask, Iron King, and Super Robot Red Baron.

</doc>
<doc id="5864359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864359" title="Booker High School (Sarasota, Florida)">
Booker High School (Sarasota, Florida)

Booker High School is a high school located in Sarasota, Florida. It is located in the northern area of Sarasota and is part of the school district of Sarasota County. The athletic teams are known as the Tornadoes.
History.
Booker High School is named after a teacher and educational leader in Sarasota's black community, Emma Edwina Booker. Booker moved to Sarasota in 1910 and soon helped start Sarasota Grammar School, for the education of young black children. In 1925 she led a procession of students and teachers from the old school (in Knights of Pythias Hall) to a new school built next to the railroad tracks at Lemon and Thirteenth Street (now Seventh Street) by the Rosenwald Fund. Booker served as an inspiration to many of her students and was eventually commemorated by having three schools named in her honor: Emma E. Booker Elementary, Booker Middle School, and Booker High School.
Academic Extras.
Booker High School offers students power over what they choose to learn, with several "Academies" within the school.
The goal of the JROTC is to teach its "cadets" to appreciate the ethical values that underlie good citizenship, to develop leadership potential, and to learn to live and work cooperatively with others. This program is greatly influenced by the armed forces and strives to instill military conduct principles in students.
Visual and Performing Arts Program (VPA).
Art.
The Booker High Art program has helped develop talented artists including Bill Corso, who won the Oscar for "Best Makeup" in 2005, and Jack Mac Kinnon. Honorable teachers who taught Jack Mac Kinnon and other talented teachers who attend the VPA art program in the last few years are Nancy Skwire and Steve Strenk. Mr. Bill Corso, the 2005 Oscar winner attended Booker before Ms. Felts and Mr. Strenk joined the faculty. His artistic abilities were enhanced by long time BHS teacher, Mr. Gary Bowen.
Dance.
The Dance program has many talented dancers who consistently perform at events and shows all over the Sarasota/Bradenton area.
The dance VPA is led by Melissa Lodhi.
With other outstanding teachers:
-Courtney Smith
-Deborah Vinton
Music.
The students who play wind instruments performed at Carnegie Hall in March 2007, and at Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in April 2009. They have also won many awards at the Berklee Jazz Festival with their vocal jazz ensemble who have won 1st place many times. They are also the only competitors who have earned perfect scores in the competition. Booker's Renowned V.P.A. Program is so competitive that out of the original 142 students who started off in the Music V.P.A. program in 2002, in 2006 that same graduating class graduated with about 11 students with a music V.P.A. degree. Music V.P.A offers theoretical music education that is comparable to college-level courses, enabling students to compose and analyze musical works. Music V.P.A also offers extensive music history classes which cover music throughout written history.
Television and Film.
Booker's TV/Film program is one of the most high quality high school television programs in the country. It inheirited a news station's equipment and set, with which they produce a morning show everyday. The program is part of the V.P.A program and holds a semi-annual Film Showcase.
Theatre.
The Theatre department of Booker High is renowned in the state as one of the best. Students in the program choose to either specialize in acting or technical work.Actors are required to audition for every show of the program's four-show seasons, and do up to six Shop Hours a period. They take classes in acting, Voice and Music Theory, Dance - Tap, Ballet, Jazz, Broadway, History of Theatre, Directing, Script Analysis and Film acting. Technical students help to build sets, run lights, sound, and manage what goes on backstage, in addition to learning the tricks of the technical trade.
During the 2004-2005 school year, the Theatre department placed first in both the Florida Theatre Conference and the South-Eastern Theatre Conference with their production of "Seussical the Musical". The following school year, the Theatre department was the runner-up with the senior class' original play written by H. Scott Keys, "The Alchemist", based on the book of the same name. In 2006-2007 school year, the Theatre department took "Children Of Eden" to the Conference and won the Best Technical Award for their design of the Garden of Eden. In 2007-2008 the senior class took an original work by H. Scott Keys entitled, "Ta2".
Booker High School's Theatre Department production of John Lennon and Me is The Florida Theater Conference 2008-2009 Champion. It was directed by Candice Artim. The set design was done by Ken Wiegers. The costumes by Sheryl Wiegers. The lighting design was done by senior Patrick Bedell. Mona Pirnot, a BHS Junior, won Best Actress. In winning Florida, Booker High School had the opportunity to compete in the South-Eastern Theatre Conference in Birmingham Alabama in March 2009. 
The Theatre department is also home to 2005 graduate Syesha Mercado, an American Idol Top 3 Finalist. American Juniors winner Danielle White was part of the 2010 graduating class.
Athletic Program.
Basketball.
The 2006 Boys Basketball were State Champions. They have five state basketball championships in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="5864367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864367" title="Laser Dynamic Range Imager">
Laser Dynamic Range Imager

The Laser Dynamic Range Imager (LDRI) is a LIDAR range imaging device developed by Sandia National Laboratories for the US Space Shuttle program. The sensor was developed as part of NASA's Return to Flight effort following the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster to provide 2-D and 3-D images of the Thermal Protection System on the Space Shuttle Orbiter.
The LDRI generates 3-dimensional images from 2-dimensional video. Modulated laser illumination is demodulated by the receive optics, and the resulting video sequences can be processed to produce 3-d images. The modulation produces a flickering effect from frame-to-frame in the video imagery.
As part of the Orbiter Boom Sensor System, the LDRI is mounted at the end of the boom on a pan-tilt unit (PTU) along with an intensified video camera (ITVC). During 2-dimensional imaging of the reinforced carbon-carbon panels on the leading edge of the shuttle's wings, the LDRI is capable of seeing damage as small as a 0.020-inch crack.
During the mission STS-114, the LDRI was used to obtain 3-D measurements of a loose gap filler on the underside of the orbiter. The LDRI also flew on the subsequent mission, STS-121. On this mission, NASA TV broadcast live raw video from the LDRI of the entire wing leading edge and nosecap surveys on flight day 2.
An earlier version of the LDRI originally flew as a DTO on STS-97.

</doc>
<doc id="5864368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864368" title="Richard Threlfall">
Richard Threlfall

Sir Richard Threlfall, GBE, FRS(14 August 1861 – 10 July 1932) was an English chemist and engineer, he established the School of Physics at the University of Sydney and made important contributions to military science during World War I. He was elected a fellow of the Royal Society in 1899, and was created KBE in 1917 and GBE in 1927. 
Early life and education.
Threlfall was a son of Richard Threlfall of Hollowforth, near Preston, Lancashire. He was educated at Clifton College, where he was captain of the Rugby XV, and shot in the Rifle VIII. Going on to Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, he represented his University at Rugby and also at rifle shooting. He distinguished himself as a speaker at the union, and did a remarkable course, taking a first class in the first part of the natural science tripos, and a first in both physics and chemistry in the second part.
He married Evelyn Agnes, daughter of John Forster-Baird, one of four sisters who all married distinguished men, one of whom was Bernhard Ringrose Wise.
Science career.
After graduating he was appointed a demonstrator in the Cavendish laboratory, where he did successful original research work and showed himself to be an able teacher. He also studied at Strasburg University and for a short period was a successful university coach. He lost two-thirds of his fingers in an explosion while he was carrying nitroglycerine, but in spite of this continued to be an excellent manipulator.
Professorship.
In 1886 Threlfall was appointed professor of physics at the University of Sydney and founded the school. He had no building and little apparatus when he began his work, but in 1888 a physical laboratory was completed and the necessary appliances were purchased. He carried out his duties with energy and also found time for research. An early invention was the rocking microtome, an instrument which proved to be of great value in biological study. Another was a quartz thread balance which enabled him to obtain great accuracy in his comparison of values for gravity at different places. In 1896 he was president of a royal commission on the carriage of coal in ships. He obtained leave of absence in 1898 to inquire into methods of teaching electrical subjects in Europe, but on his return resigned his chair as from 31 December 1898, as circumstances had made it necessary that he should live in England.
Consulting engineer.
Threlfall now became a consulting engineer and established a high reputation as an electro-chemist, combining chemical insight with the aptitude of an engineer. He joined the firm of Albright and Wilson, large producers of phosphorus, at Oldbury, and continued his connexion until the time of his death. His experience in this direction was to prove of the greatest service to his country during the 1914–18 war, particularly in connexion with smoke screens and tracer bullets. In 1915 he was on the Board of Invention and Research, in 1916 he joined the advisory council for scientific and industrial research and also the munitions inventions board. In 1917 he became a member of the chemical warfare committee, and in 1918 he joined the food preservation board. An organization which carried on its work after the war, the fuel research board was joined by him in 1917 and he became its chairman in 1923.
Though his main work was in industrial chemistry he kept up his interest in pure science, and was a frequent attendant at meetings of the Royal Society of London.
Death.
Threlfall died on 10 July 1932 and is buried in a family tomb at St Anne's Church, Woodplumpton, Lancashire. He was survived by four sons and two daughters. He was the author of "On Laboratory Arts", published in 1898, and of papers in scientific journals.

</doc>
<doc id="5864370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864370" title="Héctor Baley">
Héctor Baley

Héctor Rodolfo Baley (born 16 November 1950 in San Nicolás de Los Arroyos) is a former Argentine football goalkeeper. 
Baley was a reserve goalkeeper in Argentina's 1978 FIFA World Cup winning squad and also in the 1982 tournament. Given goalkeeper Ubaldo Fillol's consistent performances, he ended up playing only a few matches for the national team, but an excellent performance during a 1–1 draw against West Germany in a 1982 friendly match is well remembered among football aficionados.
His career started in the Zubeldía era of Estudiantes de La Plata, where he was one of several goalkeepers who tried to fill in for suspended Alberto Poletti.
In 1978 Baley was part of the Independiente team that won the Nacional championship of 1978.
Known as "Chocolate" because of his dark skin, he also played for Huracán, Colón de Santa Fe, and for Talleres de Córdoba, where he was badly injured during the last game of the 1982–83 season (the game that handed the championship to Estudiantes, the team he started his career with). His replacement in that game was Ángel Comizzo, who made his debut.

</doc>
<doc id="5864375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864375" title="Thegan of Trier">
Thegan of Trier

Thegan of Trier (or Degan of Treves) (ca. 800 – ca. 850) was a Frankish Roman Catholic prelate and the author of Gesta Hludowici imperatoris which is a principal source for the life of the Holy Roman Emperor Louis the Pious, the son and successor of Charlemagne.
Biography.
Very little is known of Thegan's life; he appears to have come from a noble Frankish family in the middle Rhine-Moselle region. All that is certain is that by 825 he was auxiliary bishop of Trier and probably "praepositus" of the monastery of St. Cassius in Bonn. He was also a warm friend of Walafrid Strabo, who was the earliest editor of Thegan's "Gesta" and divided it into chapters, just as he did with Einhard's "Vita Karoli".
Some poetry and a single letter from Thegan survive. This letter is written to one Hatto who was a count in the Rhine region of Kreuznach, and an important broker in the effort to reconcile Louis the Pious with his son Louis the German in the mid-830s. This concern to promote accord between Louis and his son is similarly evident in the "Gesta".
Thegan died before 853.
"Gesta Hludowici Imperatoris".
Thegan wrote his history of Louis the Pious, translated as "The Deeds of Emperor Louis," in 836-7. The text is a narrative in unpolished Latin, as judged by the standards of the day, written with hortatory intent and based on personal knowledge and communication with friends. Prefaced by a brief prologue by Walafrid Strabo, the "Gesta" begins with an account of Saint Arnulf of Metz, describes the vicissitudes of the brothers of Louis and gives a more detailed account of Louis' reign during the years 814-835. The later narrative is probably a continuation by another author.
The account is clearly partisan. The merits of Louis himself are exalted, though his councillors and Louis' poor judgement in taking their advice, are denigrated, while the actions of Louis' son Lothair and of a number of bishops, especially Bishop Ebbo of Reims, are severely criticised. So virulent is Thegan's depiction of Ebbo that Walafrid feels it necessary to make excuses for it in his short prologue.
Thegan's strong dislike for Ebbo has been attributed by most modern historians to Ebbo's low birth and his contribution to the rebellion which deposed Louis briefly. More recently, Tremp has suggested that Ebbo was making an attempt to reform the chorepiscopate and that this was an additional reason that he incurred Thegan's hatred. Whatever the reason behind it, it is clear from the text that Thegan's dislike for Ebbo is of a very personal nature.
Dissemination.
The text was not widely read during Thegan's lifetime but became far more popular during the reign of Charles the Bald. Rosamund McKitterick has suggested that this can be seen as part of the preoccupation of later Carolingian kings to construct a historical image for themselves. Indeed, Thegan's text is most frequently found as part of manuscripts containing texts such as the Royal Frankish Annals, genealogies of the Carolingians and a history of the Trojans, and very often the "Vita Hludovici" of the anonymous author known as The Astronomer.
Modern editions.
The "Gesta" has been translated into German by Ernst Tremp in the series "Monumenta Germaniae Historica: Scriptores in Rerum Germanicarum in usum Scholarum separatim editi". An English translation is available in the volume "Carolingian Civilization: A reader" by Paul Dutton.

</doc>
<doc id="5864387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864387" title="Hirameki">
Hirameki

Hirameki International Group Inc. was an American company founded in March 2000 which specialized in translating visual novels from Japan and releasing them to the American market. It is named after the Japanese word for the noun "flash" or "insight". On January 2, 2008, the company elected to bow out of games production.
In November 2010, Hirameki returned as a video game accessories reseller for their home company, Cyber Gadget, of Japan. As of March 2011, they are the only authorized seller of Cyber Gadget video game accessories in the United States.
Products.
AnimePlay PC.
The AnimePlay PC line—titles that are visual novels that can only be played via a PC.
AnimePlay DVD.
These titles are visual novels that can be played via a DVD player.
Game accessories.
Hirameki sells accessories for the following video game consoles:

</doc>
<doc id="5864400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864400" title="Palmetto High School (Florida)">
Palmetto High School (Florida)

Palmetto High School, a high school located in Palmetto, Florida was originally opened in 1957 and rebuilt in 1999. The school's athletic teams are known as the Tigers, and the school colors are red, white, and black. The school currently serves over 2,000 students in grades 9 through 12. 

</doc>
<doc id="5864405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864405" title="Greek Buck">
Greek Buck

Greek Buck were a Canadian musical duo, consisting of Don Pyle (formerly of Shadowy Men on a Shadowy Planet and Phono-Comb) and Andrew Zealley. They are best known for "Spunk", the theme song to the American television series "Queer as Folk". Originally billed as "Barely Pink", they changed their name to "Greek Buck" in 1998.
Pyle and Zealley also composed the scores to several films by John Greyson (including "Proteus", "The Law of Enclosures" and the short films "This is Nothing" and "Herr"), Sarah Polley ("I Shout Love") and Wrik Mead ("Fruit Machine", "Hoolboom", "Camp"). CD releases of the soundtracks were billed as "Don Pyle + Andrew Zealley" to set them apart from the other Greek Buck releases.
Greek Buck recorded with a number of notable vocalists and musicians including Caroline Azar, Ian Blurton, Joel Gibb, Sandro Perri, and actress Sarah Polley.

</doc>
<doc id="5864406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864406" title="John Ashburton Thompson">
John Ashburton Thompson

John Ashburton Thompson (1846 – 16 September 1915) was a British-Australian physician and an international authority on plague and leprosy.
Thompson,the eldest son of John Thompson, solicitor, was born in England in August 1846. He was educated at St Paul's School, and University College London, and qualified for the diplomas of the Royal College of Surgeons and Physicians. In 1878 he obtained the degree of M.D. with distinction at the Brussels University. From 1872 to 1878 he was surgeon at King's Cross to the Great Northern Railway Company, and also had a private practice. His health breaking down towards the end of 1878 from overwork, he went first to New Zealand and then to New South Wales.
He led an open-air life until his health was completely restored, and in 1883 was sent to Mackay to investigate an epidemic of dengue. Returning to Sydney in 1884 he was given the post of temporary medical officer to the Board of Health, and a year later was appointed its chief medical inspector and deputy medical adviser to the government of New South Wales. There was no public health act and his activities were therefore much restricted, but in 1896, having been made president of the board of health, he assisted Premier Sir George Reid in drafting a bill, which became law in November of that year. He also prepared all the necessary regulations which were still unchanged at the time of his death.
Thompson had taken much interest in leprosy and had visited Molokai and the Hawaiian Islands to investigate it. In 1896 he was awarded the prize offered by the national leprosy fund of Great Britain for the best history of leprosy. When there was an outbreak of plague at Sydney early in 1900, he was in charge of the measures taken to combat it, and wrote an elaborate and able "Report on the Outbreak of Plague at Sydney, 1900", which was issued at the end of that year. Thompson appointed Frank Tidswell as Bacteriologist to the fledgling board. Thompson, Tidswell and William George Armstrong went on to produce important research on plague and are credited with developing 20th century scientific understandings of plague, in particular that "Yersinia pestis" is spread to humans by fleas from infected rats. Their work was a large part of a revolution of social medicine in Australia. The knowledge that infectious diseases could be spread from one human to another by insects and that infection could be derived from animals, brought public health into scientific scrutiny. The outbreak also led to further improvements being made to the North Head Quarantine Station as the value of segregating infected patients from the populace had been realised. They adopted the theory of the French doctor, Paul-Louis Simond, now generally accepted, that the disease was communicated to man by fleas from infected rats. His general conclusion was that "the best protection against epidemic plague lies in sufficient sanitary laws persistently and faithfully executed during the absence of the disease".
He delivered an address on plague at the 1906 meeting of the American Medical Association held at Boston, and was asked to write a description of the disease for "Gould and Pyle's Cyclopedia of Medicine", issued in U.S.A. He retired on a pension in 1913 and died at London on 16 September 1915. He married a daughter of Sir Julian Salomons, who survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="5864407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864407" title="Jervine">
Jervine

Jervine is a steroidal alkaloid with molecular formula C27H39NO3 which is derived from the "Veratrum" plant genus. Similar to cyclopamine, which also occurs in the "Veratrum" genus, it is a teratogen implicated in birth defects when consumed by animals during a certain period of their gestation.
Physiological effects.
Jervine is a potent teratogen causing birth defects in vertebrates. In severe cases it can cause cyclopia and holoprosencephaly.
Mechanism of action.
Jervine's biological activity is mediated via its interaction with the 7 pass trans membrane protein smoothened. Jervine binds with and inhibits smoothened, which is an integral part of the hedgehog signaling pathways. With smoothened inhibited, the GLI1 transcription cannot be activated and hedgehog target genes cannot be transcribed. 

</doc>
<doc id="5864416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864416" title="Cedarvale Park (Toronto)">
Cedarvale Park (Toronto)

Cedarvale Park (originally known as Cedar Vale) is a park located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is bordered by very steep hills, and is located in the Cedarvale neighbourhood of Toronto. The Spadina subway line tunnels underneath it, between St. Clair West and Eglinton West stations; near the Markdale TTC Emergency Exit. The north end of the park contains the Phil White (Cedarvale) Arena and The Leo Baeck Day School, formerly Arlington Middle School. It is commonly used for dog walkers and students returning from the nearby school and the large open fields are heavily used by the community for everything from cricket games to flying kites.
South of the fields, the park angles southeast, and becomes more of a deep, naturalized ravine with steep sides, with a heavily used footpath down the middle. Cedarvale ravine contains very sizable wetlands east of Bathurst Street in Forest Hill; the remainder of the natural portion is young regrowth forest (the ravine was largely clearcut during the construction of the Spadina Subway in the 1970s). The path is heavily used and remains passable even in winter, with foot traffic packing snow down despite the lack of plowing, especially after drainage works in 2006 fixed water pooling and subsequent ice buildup. 
The park benefits from its proximity to the Beltline trail in the north and the Nordheimer Ravine to the south; these join together to form a large trail system through midtown Toronto.
History.
A creek, Castle Frank Brook, used to run through Cedarvale Park, but it is now completely buried. Ernest Hemingway, an American novelist, often frequented this park's path, which was then used as a cattle path, during his stay in Canada. There were plans in the 1920s and the 1930s to build mansions in the ravine, but the Great Depression in the 1930s halted its construction. The Glen Cedar bridge that spans the ravine portion of the park was built during that time and restored in 1989, after being rescued from demolition. In the 1960s and 1970s, there were plans to build the Spadina Expressway through Cedarvale Park but Jane Jacobs successfully lobbied against the government to halt its construction project.
Since the 2000s, increasing ecological awareness has changed priorities within the park, with renaturalization projects already underway on slopes near the north end of the park; projects are planned for the area around the TTC's Markdale emergency subway entrance from September to December 2007, although Toronto's budget crisis may affect this time frame. There is also the Glenayr emergency subway entrance located near the southeastern end of Cedarvale Park.
Cedarvale Ravine has a permanent off-leash area for dogs, but leashes are required in all other areas. Following a string of dog attacks in Cedarvale Ravine, park is now frequented by by-law officers who will ticket the owners of off-leash dogs outside the designated area.

</doc>
<doc id="5864445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864445" title="Margaret Thomas">
Margaret Thomas

Margaret Thomas (23 December 1842 – 24 December 1929) was an English-born Australian travel writer, poet and artist.
Thomas was born at Croydon, Surrey, England, daughter of Thomas Cook, shipowner. Her date of birth is often cited incorrectly as 1843 and she was herself inconsistent about both her age and date of birth. It has also been discovered that she was originally named Margaret Cook and only later changed her surname to her father's first name. She was brought to Australia by her parents in 1852 and later on studied sculpture under Charles Summers at Melbourne. She exhibited a medallion portrait at the first exhibition of the Victorian Society of Fine Arts held in 1857. Thomas lived in Richmond, Victoria and exhibited her work regularly.
Around 1867 Thomas went to Europe to continue her studies. She had a medallion shown at the Royal Academy exhibition of 1868; after studying for three years at Rome she obtained a studentship at the Royal Academy, London, and in 1872 won the silver medal for sculpture.
Between 1868 and 1880 Thomas exhibited her paintings (mostly portraits) at the Royal Academy. In 1880 Thomas wrote a memoir of Charles Summers, her first master, "A Hero of the Workshop", and in the same year completed a bust of him for the shire hall, Taunton. She afterwards did busts of Henry Fielding and other distinguished Somerset men for the same place. She began contributing verse to periodicals and in 1888 Douglas Sladen included seven of her poems in his "Australian Poets". 
In 1888, Thomas left England for Brittany and subsequently Rome, accompanied by her long-term companion Henrietta Pilkington (1848-1927). During the 1890s, they travelled throughout the Middle East and her book "A Scamper through Spain and Tangier" (1892) was dedicated to "My dear friend, the companion of these wanderings". This book and "Two Years in Palestine and Syria" (1899), were illustrated by the author. In 1902 appeared an interesting little book, "Denmark Past and Present", which was followed by "How to Judge Pictures" (1906), and a collection of her verse, "A Painter's Pastime" (1908). In 1911 appeared what was possibly her most valuable piece of work, "How to Understand Sculpture". Another volume of verse, "Friendship, Poems in Memoriam", was published in 1927 after the death of Henrietta Pilkington. She also did a large number of illustrations in colour for "From Damascus to Palmyra", by John Kelman (1908). Thomas did not marry, although she spent much of her adult life with Henrietta Pilkington. The pair moved to Norton, Hertfordshire in 1911, living in a cottage known as Countryside in Croft Lane, where Thomas died on 24 December 1929 and was buried with Pilkington, who had died two years before, in Norton churchyard.
Thomas' portrait in oils of Charles Summers, and a medallion portrait of Sir Redmond Barry, are in the historical collection at the State Library of Victoria, Melbourne. Several of her sculptures and 27 of her paintings are in the collections of Letchworth Museum & Art Gallery, which also contains works by Henrietta Pilkington.
Thomas is also believed to have painted a number of middle eastern watercolours with a curious monogram consisting of an inverted L or Greek gamma (Γ) over a gothic M.

</doc>
<doc id="5864450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864450" title="Gold Diggers of Broadway">
Gold Diggers of Broadway

Gold Diggers of Broadway is a 1929 Warner Bros. comedy/musical film which is historically important as the second two-strip Technicolor all-talking feature length movie (after "On with the Show", also released that year by Warner Bros). "Gold Diggers of Broadway" was also the third movie released by Warner Bros. to be in color; the first was a black-and-white, part-color musical, "The Desert Song" (1929). "Gold Diggers of Broadway" became a box office sensation, making Winnie Lightner a worldwide star and boosting guitarist crooner Nick Lucas to further fame as he sang two songs that became 20th-century standards: "Tiptoe Through the Tulips" and "Painting the Clouds with Sunshine."
Based on the 1919 play "The Gold Diggers" – which was also turned into a silent film of the same name in 1923, now lost – "Gold Diggers of Broadway" utilized Technicolor, showgirls and sound as its main selling points.
It earned a domestic gross of $3.5 million, extending to over $5 million worldwide (adjusted for inflation in 2007 this would be a gross of around $60 million). The original production cost was approximately $500,000. It was chosen as one of the ten best films of 1929 by "Film Daily". As with many early Technicolor films, no complete print survives, although the last twenty minutes do, but are missing a bridging sequence and the last minute of the film. Contemporary reviews, the soundtrack and the surviving footage suggest that the film was a fast-moving comedy which was enhanced by Technicolor and a set of lively and popular songs. It encapsulates the spirit of the flapper era, giving us a glimpse of a world about to be changed by the Great Depression.
Because the film is considered a partially lost film, the loose remake, "Gold Diggers of 1933", is the most frequently seen version of the story.
Plot.
The film opens on an audience watching a lavish 1929 Broadway show, featuring a giant gold mine production number ("Song of the Gold Diggers"). Famous guitarist Nick Lucas sings "Painting the Clouds with Sunshine", which climaxes on stage with a huge art deco revolving sun. 
Backstage, the star of the show (Ann Pennington) fights over Nick with another girl. Also introduced are a group of chorus girls who are 'man hungry'. They are all looking for love and money, but are not sure which is the more important. They are visited by a faded star who is reduced to selling cosmetic soap. They gossip about how they all want a man with plenty of money, so they do not end up the same way. 
Businessman Stephen Lee (Conway Tearle) angrily forbids his nephew Wally (William Bakewell) to marry Violet, one of the showgirls. A corpulent lawyer friend, Blake (Albert Gran), advises him to befriend the showgirl first before making a decision. The showgirls are friends who stick together, and the most raucous girl called Mabel (Winnie Lightner) takes a fancy to Blake, calling him 'sweetie' and showing her appreciation by singing him a song ("Mechanical Man").
That evening, they all visit a huge nightclub. Mabel ends up on a table singing another song to Blake, "Wolf from the Door", before jumping into his lap. Showgirl Jerry (Nancy Welford) moves the party to her apartment. Everyone gets drunk and after seeing Ann Pennington dance on the kitchen table, Lee decides he is 'getting to like these showgirls'. Blake says he is 'losing his mind or just plain mad'. Keeping the fun going, Lucas sings "Tiptoe Through the Tulips". Complications come thick and fast after a balloon game, with both Blake and Lee falling under the spell of Mabel and Jerry. The party ends with Lucas singing "Go to Bed" and Jerry contriving to get Lee back after everyone has left. She gets him more drunk whilst tipping her own drinks away when he is not looking. Her aim is to get Lee to agree to allow Wally to marry. To do this, she lies and is shown up by her own mother, who accidentally finds them together.
Next morning, Jerry feels disgraced. Mabel has been given an extra line for the show "I am the spirit of the ages and the progress of civilisation", but cannot get the words right. Lucas is told off for singing poor songs and sings another "What will I do without you". Ann Pennington fights with another showgirl and hurts her eye. Jerry is asked to take her place as the star of the evening performance. Mabel receives a proposal of marriage from Blake, but worries about her extra line.
The show starts with Nick Lucas reprising "Tiptoe Through the Tulips"' with full orchestra in a huge stage set that shows girl tulips in a huge greenhouse. Backstage, Uncle Steve comes back to give his consent to his nephew and to tell Jerry he wants to marry her.
The finale starts with Jerry leading the "Song of the Gold Diggers" against a huge art deco backdrop of Paris at night. Various acrobats and girls litter the stage as all the songs are reprised in a fast moving, lavish production number. This ends with Jerry sweeping through the middle as the music reaches a climax. Mabel then says her line, but forgets the end.
Production.
The song "Painting the Clouds with Sunshine" was originally the main theme for the film. After Nick Lucas signed up for the film (he was hired by Darryl Zanuck) it was spotted as a potential hit and "Tip-toe through the Tulips" was written to enlarge the film and proved, against expectations to be just as popular. Zanuck provided an extra production number for the tune. It became his theme song, yet ended up being emulated in a much different version by the 1960s singer Tiny Tim who recorded it as a novelty, and eventually attached a campy stigma to the tune that would remain, seemingly forever after. However, Lucas was a favorite of Tiny Tim's and even appeared as a guest at Tim's infamous wedding ceremony on "The Tonight Show" in 1969, singing both of their trademark number.
The two production numbers for "Painting the Clouds with Sunshine" and "Tiptoe Through the Tulips" both start on a smaller set and move to a larger one. To change between sets while the song was sung and create a seamless transition, instead of using a curtain, a shot of a stagehand was shown, throwing a sparking electric lighting switch which darkens one scene out and fades in another.
The basic storyline was modified and reused in later Warner Bros. films such as "Gold Diggers of 1933" (1933) and "Painting the Clouds with Sunshine" (1951).
Majestic Pictures attempted to cash in on the "Gold Diggers" concept by naming a feature "Gold Diggers of Paris", however Warner Bros. prevented this via legal action. Warners released a film called "Gold Diggers in Paris" in 1938.
Technicolor.
Mordaunt Hall wrote in his review for "The New York Times":
The Technicolor process used for this film could not reproduce a full range of color. This early 'two-color' version was a compromise that kept the red, but used a blue/green combination with the emphasis on the green. The resulting prints reproduced a rich "sepia like" browns, "reds" that varied from a muddied brick red to a coral pink and "greens" that were slightly muted and at their most pale, struggling to look like blue. No pure blue, yellow or purples were possible.
The Technicolor camera was specially constructed for the purpose of color photography, but used standard "black-and-white" panchromatic negative film. The gate of the camera contained a prism which split the incoming light into an image pair of film frames instead of the usual single image frame. Each image pair consisted of two back to back images, one exposed through a red filter and the other through green. The effect on the black-and-white negative was to have a record of the different color values from each filter recorded in shades of gray. This meant the negative was double the length of a conventional black-and-white negative.
This camera negative was cut and reprinted to form a complete reel, but this was done twice, once for each colour, using a special printer to strip off the images. The negative was then printed to a special print called a matrix. This was developed to convert the image into a gelatin relief which acted like a printing plate. To create Technicolor prints, a clear 35mm film reel was run into a special dye transfer machine. Underwater, the red exposed matrix was dyed green and brought into contact with the blank through a heated pressure roller. The dye in the matrix was stronger or weaker according to the thickness of the gelatin, which varied according to the values of the photographic image derived from the negative. The green dye transferred an image based on the original photographic values. This is known as imbibition printing (it has also been used for professional still photography). The complete reel was then fed through a second pass using the green exposed matrix and this was dyed red. When the red-dyed image was stamped over the green, a complete color image was formed (the process was later refined for full color to add a third pass (known as 3 strip Technicolor) and a silver or sometimes dye image to sharpen the print).
The prints were expensive (compared to black and white). The prints were never as well defined as a black-and-white print and this was due to unavoidable dye spread. The speed of the camera was around 4 ISO/ASA. The studio lighting was therefore very intense. Pure white was forbidden on costumes because of the glare and the resulting 'white out' on the matrix, which lead to transfer problems.
Advertising.
Original advertisements for the film promised:
"VITAPHONE recreates "The Gold Diggers of Broadway" in 100% natural color in Technicolor"
"One hundred percent Color, an additional feature of Vitaphone all talking pictures, doubles the 'life-likeness' of this most vivid and enjoyable of all talking pictures."
"Look for the thrill of a lifetime the day you see "Gold Diggers of Broadway"...And look for the Vitaphone sign when you want talking picture entertainment-always!"
"Picture a profuse procession of revue spectacle scenes in amazing settings...superbly staged chorus dancing numbers...the flashing wit of Winnie Lightner...the charm of Nancy Welford...the astounding dancing of Ann Pennington...the crooning of Nick Lucas...love scenes as only Conway Tearle can play them...a story that had New York gasping and giggling for one solid year...and you only begun to imagine the treat that is in store for you"
Preservation.
"Gold Diggers of Broadway" was filmed using the Vitaphone sound-on-disc system and released on ten reels of full frame 35mm nitrate film, two-component imbibition prints by Technicolor, with accompanying Vitaphone soundtrack discs. The discs, including the overture, have survived, but until around 1986 nothing was thought to have survived from the prints. At that time, an original print of the final reel, minus the final minute, was donated to the British Film Institute. It was faithfully copied to safety film and thus preserved. Nearly ten years later, another reel was discovered in Australia, the end of the distribution line. It proved to be the penultimate reel, featuring the "Tip-toe Through the Tulips" production number. It was missing a short bridging sequence. Only three brief fragments from earlier reels are known to survive: a few seconds from the "Song of the Gold Diggers" number, in black-and-white and with superimposed text, in the trailer for "Gold Diggers of 1937"; a 35mm nitrate fragment from the same number, running about twenty seconds, found included with a toy projector bought on eBay; and another 35mm nitrate fragment, also running less than a minute, from a non-musical scene featuring Lightner and Gran, which was found with fragments from another film in a small museum.
Although the film's copyright was renewed in the late 1950s, it does not appear to have been shown on television. 16mm prints of early Warner Bros. films, including sound-on-disc films, were made in the 1950s for distribution to local television stations, and some two-color Technicolor films now survive (in black and white) only because of those prints. It is unclear why this film is not among them. Because it was one of the studio's greatest successes and was then less than thirty years old, it appears unlikely that it was simply overlooked. It may be that a sufficiently complete set of picture and sound elements could not be located at that time.
Two excerpts from the film were to have been released as bonus features on the 80th Anniversary 3-Disc Deluxe Edition DVD of "The Jazz Singer", but due to an error only one was included. The excerpt identified as "Tip-toe Through the Tulips" is actually the finale, and the excerpt identified as the finale is actually a ballet sequence from MGM's "The Rogue Song", another two-color Technicolor film for which only fragments of the picture element are known to exist.
The correct pair of excerpts can be found on the Warner Bros. DVD release of "Gold Diggers of 1937".

</doc>
<doc id="5864451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864451" title="Dustin Cherniawski">
Dustin Cherniawski

Dustin Cherniawski (born September 22, 1974, in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former semi pro Canadian football free safety who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
In 2005, he dressed in a total of 3 games as a backup defensive back and special teams player. In 2006, he dressed in a total of 2 games and . On May 27, 2008, he announced his retirement from the CFL.
While playing for the UBC Thunderbirds, he graduated from UBC with a diploma.
Prior to university he played for the Edmonton Huskies of the Canadian Junior Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="5864467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864467" title="The Ravages of Time">
The Ravages of Time

The Ravages of Time is an on-going Hong Kong manhua (Chinese comic) series created by Chan Mou. It re-tells the events in the late Han dynasty and Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history, with the story largely revolving around the many exploits of a young Sima Yi.
The series is known for exercising a large degree of creativity in several aspects and people of the Three Kingdoms. While the milestone events were left relatively untouched (e.g. outcomes of major battles, death of certain characters), many finer details were changed and largely dramatized. For example, Sima Yi is portrayed in the story to be much older than his historical counterpart. Other characters such as Liu Bei, Zhao Yun, Zhang Fei, Diaochan and Lü Bu are also portrayed differently from historical accounts and popular conception.
The plot puts a good deal of focus on the politics and warfare of the Three Kingdoms period, as such one of the main attraction of the series are the associated mind games, military strategies and tactics. However, Chan Mou also regularly zoom in on to the personal developments of the main protagonists, detailing their dynamic responses and attitudes to the events unfolding around them.
"The Ravages of Time" is currently serialized in Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Japan, with compiled volumes published in Mainland China, Korea, Thailand, Vietnam and Singapore as well. It is one of the few Chinese manhua of its format to reach such an extensive foreign market.
Plot.
"The Ravages of Time" is a spinoff of Luo Guanzhong's historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms". It tells the exploits of Liu Bei, Cao Cao, the Sun family, and other people from that period, from the point of view of the two main characters, Feng and Liaoyuan Huo, whose names collectively form the Chinese title of the manhua.
Sima Yi is the young, unofficial leader of the Sima clan, a highly successful and rich merchant family with strong influence in politics and the economy. Unknown to people outside the clan, the elders have long deferred their power to Sima Yi, believing that he will bring prosperity to their clan, due to his flair for spotting profitable business ventures at a young age. The clan members operate out of public sight and position themselves where they can maximize their profits regardless of the political situation. They command a group of mercenary assassins, known as the Handicapped Warriors (殘兵), who assist them in manipulating politics. The mercenaries are reputed to be all handicapped, but have developed special abilities for conducting assassinations. They are led by Liaoyuan Huo, said to be a "one-eyed" assassin and the best one in the land.
The story begins with the Handicapped Warriors assassinating Xu Lin, an advisor to Dong Zhuo, to prevent Dong's advances in subduing the various merchant clans.
As the story progresses, Sima Yi and Liaoyuan Huo are reluctantly drawn into the wars of the late Han dynasty period. Sima ends up at the mercy of Cao Cao, while Liaoyuan Huo is forced to take on a new identity as "Zhao Yun" and serve under Liu Bei to create opportunities for Sima Yi. A rift gradually starts developing between the two former close friends.
Throughout the series, Sima Yi, Liaoyuan Huo and the Handicapped Warriors are frequently shown to be the catalyst of historical events in the story. They are involved in causing Dong Zhuo's downfall, Cao Cao's rise to power, the Battle of Xu Province, Battle of Puyang, Sun Ce's rise to power, etc. Their involvement is a common thread that runs through the narrative.
The story also centers on another eight characters, the "Eight Enigmas" (八奇), a group of elite military strategists trained by Sima Hui, who is also known as Shuijing (水鏡). They comprise Yuan Fang (a fictional character), Xun Yu, Jia Xu, Guo Jia, Zhou Yu, Pang Tong, Zhuge Liang, and an unknown eighth member. Each of the Eight Enigmas has his motivation for choosing a ruler to follow, and some chapters are devoted to revealing their ultimate intents and moral stances.
Story arcs.
There are multiple story arcs in the manhua. Before volume 36, the five main arcs cover:
After volume 27, with the destruction of the Sima clan, Sima Yi submits to Cao Cao and he plots vengeance. This leads to the next arc featuring Lü Bu's downfall, which ends in volume 32 with the death of Lü Bu. Starting from volume 36, the storyline simultaneously covers the continued rise and death of Sun Ce and the beginning of Cao Cao's battle with Yuan Shao. The Battle of Guandu officially ends in volume 44, in which the Yuan clan's stance is shaken with the loss in Guandu and the death of Yuan Shao. Taking over from there is the events leading to the Battle of Wuhuan.
Character designs.
All characters in the manhua have their own unique designs, in contrast to the general perception that Chinese people of that period have long hair, and that it was social taboo to cut one's hair. Many characters have bizarre and distinctive facial designs that distinguish themselves from others. For example, Zhang Fei, traditionally depicted as a bearded chubby man, is portrayed as an artist who painted his face to resemble a Chinese opera mask. Zhao Yun is described to be a skillful assassin who cannot experience physical sensations. Liu Bei's hair style and facial design mirror the stereotypical "White Jesus". Other characters in the story feature tons of bizarre but memorable and interesting designs. Some characters have different hair colour, weird hairstyles, tattoos, facial markings, clothing and equipment more akin to that of other genres, such as fantasy and wuxia.
Themes.
The story of "The Ravages of Time" revolves around battles in the late Han dynasty and Three Kingdoms era, military doctrines, mind games, ethics and philosophy.
Military doctrines.
The manhua usually interweave military doctrines in the story, showing how the characters use the same doctrine to achieve victory. A doctrine can sometimes be used as the theme for the whole volume.
Morale.
According to the manhua, morale plays an important role as the backbone of the military. It serves as the will of soldiers to fight. Without morale, an army cannot function. Hence, the generals and advisors in the story often seek ways, including both orthodox and unorthodox means, to bolster morale.
Of particular interest is Sima Hui's fictional "Discourse on Morale". It is an article on how to prevent morale from dissipating when facing a stronger enemy. Its main points are:
Assassination.
Assassination is considered as a valid tactic, after diplomacy and strategical ploys. A number of characters in the manhua are assassins, such as Zhao Yun, Dian Wei and Zhang Liao. In addition, the tactic of faking death and letting opponents believe that the assassination attempt has succeeded is also used and is often used by Sun Ce in particular.
Thought Process of the Eight Enigmas.
It has been hinted throughout the story that the Eight Enigmas think differently from the conventional military advisor. Here are some instances when some insights are revealed about their thinking process.
The Best Strategy Ever.
The "Best Strategy Ever" has been often repeated by Lü Bu, Cao Cao and Pang Tong, among others, and it goes as "The best strategy is to let your opponent know your next move. Even better is to let your opponent know your next two moves".
Mind games.
Beside military tactics, characters in the manhua engaged in numerous misdirections and feints to confuse and befuddle their enemies, such as deliberately letting their enemy know their next move in a battle, going along with an enemy's plan to gain certain advantages and more.
Ethics.
A common recurring theme throughout the manhua is that of ethics. It questions traditional Chinese views on loyalty and touches on the utilitarian and the moral rights models of ethics. 
Two of the Eight Enigmas, Guo Jia and Jia Xu, as well as Sima Yi and Lü Bu, believed that ending the fighting quickly was the best for the people (a form of negative utilitarianism), regardless of the methods used or how many innocents had to die. As long as the civil war can be ended quickly, it is the best for all the people.
Zhuge Liang and Xun Yu opposed this line of thinking, maintaining the peace and order brought by adhering to the traditional teachings and through just and benevolent means last longer. The conflicts of this two belief system recurred throughout the manhua.
Morals.
The manhua took a skeptical view of morals, especially the values, laid down by the sages in the Zhou dynasty. Lü Bu openly showed disdain for them on a couple of occasions, especially during the Battle of Puyang, and in volume 27 in the duel against Guan Yu. Sun Ce used it as a tactic to boost the morale of his troops. Liu Bang, founder of the Han dynasty, was also referred to as having done all sort of questionable acts, but was still revered as a good ruler.
Historical inaccuracy.
Another prevalent theme in the manhua is that history is subjective. Chen Gong said, "All histories are subjective. In the eyes of all rulers, all their generals are as strong as Lü Bu". Liu Bei maintained that there were no bad emperors; historical records made ill of some of them to justify the beginnings of new a dynasty. On one occasion, Zhang Fei expected himself to be inaccurately depicted in historical records. Chan Mou has also expressed this idea in some interviews.
Media adaptations.
Hong Kong video game company Gameone Interactive acquired the rights to create "The Ravages of Time Online", scheduled to be released in 2010. Another Chinese company is discussing with Tong Li Comics about making an animated television series based on the manhua.

</doc>
<doc id="5864485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864485" title="Timber Creek High School">
Timber Creek High School

Timber Creek High School is a public high school located in Orlando, Florida. The Timber Creek mascot is a wolf and the principal is Dr. Gabriel Berrio.
History.
Timber Creek High school was built in 2000 as a relief school for nearby University High School. Mr. John Wright was the founding Principal and remained at Timber Creek until 2012 when he became the Executive Area Director for the East Learning Community. Currently the principal is Dr. Gabriel Berrio.
Athletics.
Timber Creek has won state championships in bowling (2006, boys and girls), volleyball (2008 FHSAA), and cheerleading (2009, 2010, 2012 and 2013).
Other programs offered include Athletic Training, Baseball, Basketball, Bowling, Cheerleading, Cross Country, Flag Football, Football, Golf, Lacrosse, Soccer, Softball, Swimming, Tennis, Track and field, Volleyball, Water polo, Weightlifting, and Wrestling.
Timber Creek's rival is East River High School.
Buildings.
Timber Creek has a large campus with eight permanent classroom buildings, along with a cafeteria, a school bank, an auditorium and a swimming pool.
Programs and clubs.
Timber Creek High School features a wide array of clubs and organizations including:
Academics.
Timber Creek, like most high schools, offers many Advanced Placement (AP) classes including:
The APC (AP Choice) program is an advanced placement program for freshmen and sophomores. The APC program puts its students in classes with other APC students, and moves these classes at a faster pace then normal honors classes. It is intended to prepare the students for the AP courses that they will take in the future. The APC program also requires the enrollment in AP Human Geography freshmen year to give the students a taste of AP classes. At graduation, if the students that were in the APC program have taken at least 6 AP classes during their high school years, they receive a special sticker on their diploma that recognizes them as an AP scholar.
Performing arts.
Band Program.
The Timber Creek Regiment led the Walt Disney World Magic Kingdom Parade in honor of Michael Phelps on August 29, 2008, played in front of the Lincoln Memorial in March 2010, and received straight "Superior" Marching MPA marks every year since the school opened for the 2001-2002 school year.
On November 15, 2003, in only their third year of existence (and at their first appearance at the Florida Marching Band Coalition (FMBC) Championships), the Timber Creek Regiment was crowned FMBC Overall Grand Champion at the FMBC State Finals, the first band other than Cypress Creek High School (Orlando FL) recognized as "State Champions".
The Regiment also had an undefeated 2009 season with their show Within. The Regiment has won numerous awards, such as best brass, best woodwinds, best colorguard, best effect, etc. 
On November 20, 2010, the Timber Creek Regiment's performance of X: The Journey garnered them recognition as Class 5A Champions at the 2010 FMBC Championships, held at Tropicana Field, St. Petersburg FL (as of the 2005 marching season, FMBC no longer designates a "Grand Champion" at state finals).
The percussion program of the Timber Creek bands began competing as an indoor scholastic marching percussion ensemble in 2006, as a member of the Florida Federation of Color Guard Circuits (FFCC).
Theatre program.
The Timber Creek Thespians (formerly Timber Creek Character Company) produces four main stage shows each year. The Timber Creek Thespians also hosts an annual Play in a Day Festival. They are also actively involved with the Cappies program, which is a student theatre critic program. They have received the award for the Best Cappies Critics Team award four years in a row.
Debate program.
The Debate Team won State Championship in 2009 in the event of Public Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="5864490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864490" title="List of Actinopodidae species">
List of Actinopodidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Actinopodidae as of Apr. 15, 2013.
Actinopus.
"Actinopus" Perty, 1833
Missulena.
"Missulena" Walckenaer, 1805
Plesiolena.
"Plesiolena" Goloboff & Platnick, 1987

</doc>
<doc id="5864491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864491" title="3801 Limited">
3801 Limited

3801 Limited is a not for profit company limited by guarantee formed in June 1985 to operate steam locomotive 3801 and its associated rolling stock.
Establishment.
The setting up of an organisation to manage and operate locomotive 3801 was first formalised in March 1984 when Professor John Glastonbury, representing the interested enthusiast societies, and the State Rail Authority of New South Wales exchanged correspondence.
At first, four parties were involved. The State Rail Authority had two roles, the first as donor of the locomotive and other equipment and the second as a trustee. In effect, 3801 would continue to be the property of the State Rail Authority and it would be leased to the trust. Three other organisations were nominated as trustees; the Powerhouse Museum, the Australian Railway Historical Society (New South Wales Division) and the New South Wales Rail Transport Museum. 
At that time, the restoration of locomotive 3801 was nearing completion at the former State Dockyard site in Newcastle. Out of trade apprentices worked on this restoration for over a three-year period under the direction of the Hunter Valley Training Company. One of the first assignments undertaken by the company was to raise funds to pay for the restoration and other expenses. Its stated aim was "to exhibit with pride and enthusiasm to the people of NSW the masterful preservation of a piece of their Locomotive History ... as a living, mobile, historical work".
During the restoration, the company organised regular tours of inspection at the State Dockyard.
3801 enters service.
In November 1986 3801 returned to service and operated as the flagship of 3801 Limited for the next 20 years. 
In 1988 3801 and its train became the Bicentennial Train and operated tours to all the mainland capitals as part of the nation's 200 year celebrations. In the latter part of 1988 and much of 1989, "Flying Scotsman" joined 3801 Limited and ran many very successful tours around New South Wales and beyond. In excess of 500,000 passengers were carried by the company during this 20-year period.
3801 departs.
At the conclusion of the 20-year lease covering the operation of locomotive 3801, the New South Wales Rail Transport Museum decided not to offer a renewal with 3801 departing in November 2006.
Workshop.
To provide an operational base for 3801 Limited, the State Rail Authority granted a licence to occupy the Large Erecting Shop at Eveleigh Railway Workshops. This remains the company’s operating base.
The Cockatoo Run.
As a result of the NSW Department of Transport seeking expressions of interest to take over the weekends only passenger service on the Unanderra to Moss Vale line as a tourist operation, 3801 Limited commenced the Cockatoo Run heritage tourist train on 19 August 1995. Initially the train operated from a base established in the Port Kembla Locomotive Depot Complex. Steam locomotive SMR18 was leased by 3801 Limited from the Hunter Valley Training Company for the service. To enable the locomotive to haul a train from Port Kembla to Moss Vale and return with one load of coal, the coal bunker was modified.
Financial difficulties led to the suspension of the Cockatoo Run from November 1998 until March 1999, after which date the train ran between Port Kembla and Robertson only. Furthermore, it was diesel hauled and ran for nine months of the year.
3801 Limited vacated the Port Kembla Depot on 30 March 2001 and all rolling stock and equipment was relocated to Eveleigh. The Cockatoo Run was merged with another of the company's operations, the Long Lunch Train, from 4 March 2001 and this service currently operates from Sydney via Wollongong, Robertson, and Moss Vale on selected Thursdays and Sundays with heritage diesel locomotives. It has on occasions operated with steam locomotives from the Lachlan Valley Railway and Powerhouse Museum. 
In March 2008 a new major tourist attraction, the Illawarra Tree Top Fly opened at Knight’s Hill near Robertson. Since that date, 3801 Limited has marketed a Tree Top Flyer ticket that includes train trip to Robertson, coach transfer to the Fly and entry.
Bill Peach Tours.
In the early 2000s, 3801 Limited entered into an association with Bill Peach Tours, under the name Railcruising Australia, operating 8-day train trips to western New South Wales. These tours are no longer promoted.
Current operations.
As well as the regular operation of the Cockatoo Run, 3801 Limited remains an operator of chartered passenger trains and "hook and pull" work for RailCorp and others, using its diesel locomotive fleet.
Current locomotive fleet.
44 Class.
Built between 1957 and 1968 by AE Goodwin for express passenger and freight train haulage these are the most regularly used locomotives in the 3801 Limited fleet being capable of hauling large trains at mainline speeds. 4401 is a member of RailCorp's heritage collection while 4464, 4473 and 4486 are hired to 3801 Limited by the Lachlan Alco Locomotive Group.
45 Class.
Built in 1962 by AE Goodwin for main line passenger and freight train haulage this class of locomotive is renowned for its heavy haulage ability. An extensive restoration of 4501 was completed in 2007 and the locomotive is now being employed on heritage and commercial duties. 4501 is hired to 3801 Limited by Goodwin Alco Pty Ltd.
48 Class.
Built in 1961 by AE Goodwin for branch line passenger and freight train haulage this class of locomotive is capable of running on all NSW rail lines. 4833 has previously been a regular performer on the Cockatoo Run but has been more recently hired out for shunting duties with other groups. 4833 is hired to 3801 Limited by Goodwin Alco Pty Ltd.
49 Class.
Built between 1962 and 1964 by Clyde Engineering for branch line passenger and freight train haulage this class of locomotive is capable of running on all NSW rail lines. 4918 is a regular performer on the Cockatoo Run but is also used for mainline tours. 4918 is owned by 3801 Limited. It also owned 4908 until this was sold in July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5864498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864498" title="1923 Stanley Cup playoffs">
1923 Stanley Cup playoffs

The 1923 Stanley Cup playoffs was the second year in which the National Hockey League (NHL) champions, the Pacific Coast Hockey Association (PCHA) champions, and the Western Canada Hockey League (WCHL) champions all competed for the Stanley Cup. The playoffs began on March 16, 1924, and concluded on March 31 when the NHL champion Ottawa Senators defeated the WCHL champion Edmonton Eskimos in the final series, two games to zero.
Throughout these playoffs, injuries had thinned Ottawa's line-up. But after seeing the gritty show put on by the undermanned Senators, Frank Patrick, the head coach of the PCHA champion Vancouver Maroons, called Ottawa the greatest team he had ever seen.
Background.
Ottawa finished first overall in the 1922–23 NHL regular season standings with a 14–9–1 record. They then went on to defeat the 13–9–2 second place Montreal Canadiens in the two-game total goal NHL championship series, 3 goals to 2, to win the NHL title. Cy Denneny scored the series-clinching goal in Game 2 for the Canadiens.
The 1922–23 WCHL season ended with the 19–10–1 first place Eskimos defeating the 16–14 second place Regina Capitals in the WCHL championship series. Edmonton clinched the WCHL title after Duke Keats scored the series-winning overtime goal in Game 2.
Meanwhile, the Maroons finished the 1923–24 PCHA regular season in first place with a 17–12–1 record, and then went on to defeat the 16–14 second place Victoria Cougars in the PCHA championship series by a combined score of 5–3.
Cup Playoffs summary.
Both rounds of the 1923 Stanley Cup playoffs were played at Denman Street Arena in Vancouver. The NHL and the PCHA champions played in the semifinal round, with the winner facing off against the WCHL champion in the Cup Final.
Semi-final: Ottawa Senators defeat Vancouver Maroons, three games to one.
The Ottawa-Vancouver best-of-five series marked the first time in Stanley Cup history that brothers faced each other. In fact, there were two sets of brothers: Cy and Corb Denneny, and George and Frank Boucher. Cy and George played for the Senators, while Corb and Frank skated for the Maroons. A third Boucher brother, Billy, was to have replaced Ottawa's Jack Darragh who was injured, but Frank Patrick, the PCHA president, disallowed Billy from joining the Senators.
Ottawa won the first game 1–0, with Punch Broadbent's winning goal in the third period. Vancouver, led by two goals by Duncan and two by Frank Boucher, took the second game 4–1, which led to more injuries for the Senators. Benedict took a puck in the mouth, Gerard was injured due to a heavy check and Cy Denneny injured his elbow. The Senators again asked if Billy Boucher could join the team, but were again refused by Patrick. In the third game, the Senators lost Gerard to a dislocated shoulder, but won the game 3–2. King Clancy took his place for the fourth game, and the Senators won it 5–1, to win the series. Broadbent ended up leading Ottawa with five goals in the series. After watching the gritty show by the undermanned Senators, Patrick called them the greatest team he had ever seen.
Final: Ottawa Senators defeat Edmonton Eskimos, 2 games to 0.
Ottawa swept Edmonton in the best-of-three final series, winning both games by one-goal margins. In the first game, Cy Denneny scored 2:08 into overtime to give the Senators a 2–1 win. Then Punch Broadbent scored the only goal in the second game to give Ottawa a 1–0 victory and the championship.
Cup engravings.
The Senators never did engrave their names on the Cup for their 1923 championship. It was only until the trophy was redesigned in 1948 that the words "1923 Ottawa Senators" were put onto its then-new collar.

</doc>
<doc id="5864499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864499" title="Songs (Rich Mullins album)">
Songs (Rich Mullins album)

Songs is a compilation of well-known songs by American singer/songwriter Rich Mullins, released on July 30, 1996. It was the last album to be released by Mullins before his death in a car accident on September 19, 1997. A follow-up hits compilation, Songs 2, was released in 1999.
The album featured three new recordings: new versions of the previously recorded songs "Sing Your Praise to the Lord" and "Elijah", and a brand new track, "We Are Not as Strong as We Think We Are". In addition, the album featured the full-length radio single version of "Screen Door", which had been commercially unavailable prior to this release.
In 2001, "Songs" was certified as a Gold record (500,000 units sold) by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="5864508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864508" title="Bahrey">
Bahrey

"Abba" Bahrey (Ge'ez ባሕርይ "bāḥriy", Ge'ez "pearl") was a late 16th century Ethiopian monk, historian, and ethnographer. He is best known for his 1593 work on the history of the Oromo and their migrations in the 16th century, the "History of the Galla" ("Galla" being a historical and now pejorative term for the Oromo; ዜናሁ ፡ ለጋላ "zēnāhū lagāllā"). This short work is considered the ultimate source for information on the sixteenth century history of the Oromo: Manuel de Almeida borrowed heavily from Bahrey in writing his history of Ethiopia, and Hiob Ludolf derived much of his information on the Oromo from Baltazar Téllez's abridgment of Almeida's work.
Bahrey may also have been the author of Emperor Sarsa Dengel's chronicle, "The History of King Sarsa Dengel."

</doc>
<doc id="5864515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864515" title="David Wotton">
David Wotton

David Charles Wotton AM (born 14 August 1942) is a former Australian politician. He was a Liberal Party of Australia member of the South Australian House of Assembly between 1975 and 2002, representing the electorates of Murray and Heysen.
Aside from the 1982 Mitcham by-election, Wotton presided over the closest win versus the Democrats in South Australian history, winning against them by a two-party preferred margin of 1.9% in the 1997 election.

</doc>
<doc id="5864531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864531" title="Colorado Railcar">
Colorado Railcar

Colorado Railcar was a manufacturer of railroad rolling stock, railcars and diesel multiple unit commuter vehicles. Both products come in single- and double-level versions. It shut down in 2008, with its assets being purchased by US Railcar.
History.
The company was first organized as Rader Railcar. Founded by Tom Rader in 1988, the company changed its name to Colorado Railcar in November 1997.
Rader and his company were featured in the PBS-aired documentary "Dome Car Magic" in 2006.
In 2008, it was announced that sometime in 2007 TriMet had to directly pay Colorado Railcar's suppliers in order to financially support the company. 
On December 23, 2008, Colorado Railcar ceased operations, and creditors began dissolving the company after a "major liquidity problem." The shut-down was at least partially caused by the State of Vermont's cancellation of a deal to buy several DMUs for the "Vermonter" train.
In 2009, private investors affiliated with Value Recovery Group, Inc. (VRG) of Columbus, Ohio, led by Barry H. Fromm acquired the Colorado Railcar DMU and remaining assets. A new company, US Railcar, was established, appointing Michael P. Pracht its President & CEO. US Railcar planned to resume production of Colorado Railcar products in a new manufacturing facility located in the Midwest (likely American Railcar’s plant in Paragould, Arkansas).
Products.
Colorado Railcar had two main product categories:
Tourism coaches.
These cars were primarily marketed for "luxury daytour trains, to trans-continental sleeper trains, dinner trains, business cars for Class I railroads".
Models included the double-deck Ultra Dome railcar, the single-level dome railcar, single and bilevel sleeping cars, entertainment cars, dining cars and custom cars. These cars are in use by American Orient Express, Princess Tours, Alaska Railroad, Rocky Mountaineer, and Holland America Line (formerly "Westours"). The Ultra Dome cars are "glass-domed, bilevel cars long and high, and seat up to 88 passengers".
The concept of a glass "dome car" was a product of luxury streamlining in the 1940s and 50s in the United States. The reintroduction of this styling for the 21st century by CR has proven popular thus far.
Mass transit DMUs.
Colorado Railcar had designed two prototypes, one being a bilevel rail car, the other single level. The self-propelled vehicles can pull two other coaches with their two Detroit Diesel engines. The single level vehicles can carry up to 92 passengers, 188 for the bilevels. Colorado Railcar had offered non-powered single and bilevel commuter coaches that had a high level of parts commonality with the DMU offerings.
Around 2003, the company's DMU was being touted, as part of the Regional Transportation District FasTracks program, as a possible solution for the proposed Northwest Rail commuter line between Denver's Union Station and Boulder. The demonstration car was displayed at several locations for the public to visit, and the possibility of doing business with an in-state company seemed an added bonus and point of pride. 
The Colorado Railcar DMU was targeted towards starter commuter rail operators with smaller passenger volumes desiring to operate shorter trains, often comparable to light rail, and with less extensive maintenance facilities. A DMU car could also pull two unpowered coach cars in addition to itself. The DMU also complies with 49CFR229, commonly known as the Crashworthiness Regulation, which dictates construction of locomotives and multiple unit vehicles used on trackage shared with freight trains. This regulation precludes the operation of virtually all of the DMU's competitors, without a special waiver from the Federal Railroad Administration.
Florida Tri-Rail received a grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation to test the DMU vehicles. Contracted in 2003 and completed in 2005, a bi-level DMU demonstrator and matching bi-level coach entered regular revenue service with Tri-Rail in October 2006. In mid-2007, Tri-Rail acquired three more bi-level DMUs and an additional bi-level non-powered coach. Now in daily revenue service, the two DMU consists have a passenger capability of roughly 560 passengers.
In 2008, Colorado Railcar also delivered three DMUs (and one unpowered coach) to the Tri-County Metropolitan Transportation District of Oregon for use on the Westside Express Service (WES) commuter rail line between Beaverton and Wilsonville, Oregon; an additional bi-level DMU to the South Florida Regional Transportation Authority; and one bi-level DMU to the Alaska Railroad to be used for a new passenger rail service serving the Chugach National Forest. Upon delivery of the DMUs to SFRTA and AKRR, Colorado Railcar ceased operations and now is US Railcar.

</doc>
<doc id="5864535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864535" title="Shermar Bracey">
Shermar Bracey

Shermar Bracey (born July 1, 1982 in Chicago, Illinois) is a running back formerly of the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League.
Bracey was signed as a free agent by Saskatchewan in 2006. He made his professional debut on August 19 versus the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, carrying the ball eight times for 50 yards in relief of starting running back Kenton Keith. Bracey ended the year with 38 carries for 233 yards and three touchdowns. He was released by the Riders on August 8, 2007 and re-signed on August 15, 2007. He was released again by the Riders on August 27, 2007.
In college, Bracey played for Arkansas State University.

</doc>
<doc id="5864539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864539" title="1920–21 PCHA season">
1920–21 PCHA season

The 1920–21 PCHA season was the tenth season of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association. Three teams played 24 games each. The Vancouver Millionaires won the league championship, but lost the Stanley Cup to the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League.
Regular season.
The Aristocrats signed Frank Fredrickson who had starred in the Olympics. He scored for Victoria in his first game. Mickey MacKay returned to play after a year's layoff with a broken jaw. Bernie Morris returned to regular-season play after missing the previous season due to his arrest in the United States for alleged draft dodging. Morris spent nearly a year at Alcatraz before he was freed.
On March 4, a special "Moose Johnson Night" was held to honour Moose Johnson who had played ten years in the league. Presentations to Johnson were made before the game. The game itself went to sixty minutes of overtime before the teams agreed to leave the score a draw.
Cyclone Taylor scored the final goals of his career in the final game on March 11. He scored a hat-trick in an 8–11 loss to Victoria.
Final standings.
"GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against"
<br>
"Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"
Source: Coleman(1966)
Playoffs.
PCHA Championship.
Vancouver defeated Seattle in a two-game total-goal series 1–3, 6–0 (7–3) to win the league championship and advance to the Stanley Cup series.
Stanley Cup Championship.
The Stanley Cup finals took place in Vancouver, British Columbia between the Millionaires and Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League, alternating between PCHA and NHL rules. Ottawa won the series 3–2. The attendance per game during the series averaged 10,000 people which was a record for its time. It was an extremely hard fought and close series as all games were decided by only one goal.
Schedule and results.
Source: Coleman(1966).
Player statistics.
Leading scorers.
"GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties In Minutes"
Goalkeeper Averages.
"GP = Games played; GA = Goals allowed; SO=Shutouts; GAA=Goals against average
Source: Coleman(1966)

</doc>
<doc id="5864548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864548" title="Cherchez le garçon">
Cherchez le garçon

Cherchez le garçon is the 1980 debut album by French new wave band Taxi Girl. "Mannequin," "Jardin Chinois" and the title track were released as singles. The title track is one of the band's best known songs. 

</doc>
<doc id="5864561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864561" title="Esteban Jordan">
Esteban Jordan

Esteban "Steve" Jordan (February 23, 1939 – August 13, 2010) was a jazz, rock, blues, conjunto and Tejano musician from the United States. He was also known as "El Parche", "The Jimi Hendrix of the accordion", and "the accordion wizard". An accomplished musician, he played 35 different instruments. 
Born in Elsa, Texas to migrant farm workers and partially blinded as an infant, Jordan was unable to work in the fields. Left at home, he found friendship and guidance among the elderly. At a very young age he was introduced to music, especially the accordion. At the time, the musician Valerio Longoria followed the community of migrant farm workers and played for them in the labor camps. These circumstances brought the two together and the young Esteban mastered the instrument quickly. While he has remained close to his traditional conjunto roots, he has never limited himself musically. More than any other accordionist, Jordan pushes the diatonic accordion to its limits, both musically and physically, playing traditional conjunto, rock, jazz, salsa, zydeco and more.
Unlike many conjunto musicians, he kept abreast of technological developments, using devices such as phase shifters, fuzzboxes, echoplex delay (for which he named a song, "La Polka Plex"), and synthesizers, and was one of the few conjunto musicians to weave styles such as fusion jazz and rock into his music. He had also recorded country, western and mambo numbers. Members of his family frequently backed him up, including his sons Esteban Jr., Esteban III, and Ricardo. Esteban III (guitar) and Ricardo (bass) accompanied Esteban on-stage and in studio recording. Esteban established his own record label "Jordan Records, Inc." on his birthday Feb. 23, 2010. He released one of his nine albums named Carta Espiritual (a spiritual letter), on which he had spent over 15 years recording new music, still yet to be released on his recording label. His sons Esteban Jr., Esteban III, and Ricardo continue his musical legacy. His sons go by "El Rio Jordan de Esteban Jordan" Rio Jordan, the band name given by their father. 
In 1988 while performing The Berlin Jazz Festival '88, Hohner invited Steve to the Hohner factory in Trossingen. The Hohner company and Steve collaborated in making an new accordion with Steve's specifications that included his own tuning, octaves, and tuning arrangement changes to the accidentals. It would enable Steve to do the music patterns he is famous for. In 2009, Hohner USA in recognition of Steve's contribution and accomplishments to the music world, Hohner launched the Steve Jordan "Rockordeon". The signature series accordion reissued in his honor.
New wave polka bands such as Brave Combo have cited Jordan's influence. In 1987 he was nominated for a Grammy, but lost out to his old friend Flaco Jiménez. His bid for mainstream presence continued in 1986 when he was asked to do the soundtrack for the Cheech Marin film "Born in East L.A." 
He appeared in the film "", a documentary about Texas conjunto music, and in "True Stories", an American musical film directed by and starring musician David Byrne. He did the music and appeared as an accordion street player in the film "Born in East L.A." starring Cheech Marin.
Esteban was inducted to the South Texas Conjunto Music Hall Of Fame on May 27, 2001. Also the National Hispanic Music Hall Of Fame in 2003.
Esteban battled cancer for four years and died of complications liver cancer on August 13, 2010. He was 71.

</doc>
<doc id="5864571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864571" title="20/20 (New Zealand)">
20/20 (New Zealand)

20/20 is a current affairs television series made in New Zealand and hosted by Sonya Wilson. "20/20" was originally screened on TV3 between 1993 and 2003 but the format was picked up by TVNZ in 2005. It was hosted by Miriama Kamo at that time. While some of the content is locally produced, much of it is taken from the US "20/20" show produced by ABC.

</doc>
<doc id="5864573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864573" title="Steve Condous">
Steve Condous

Steve George Condous (born 10 December 1935) is a former Australian politician. From 1987 to 1993, he was the Lord Mayor of Adelaide before retiring to stand for state government. He was a Liberal Party of Australia member of the South Australian House of Assembly between 1993 and 2002, representing the electorate of Colton.
Condous was and is very active in local community causes including community clubs and sporting clubs.
Condous did not re-contest his seat in the 2002 election, which was subsequently won by Labor candidate Paul Caica, defeating Liberal preselect John Behenna.

</doc>
<doc id="5864580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864580" title="WBBB">
WBBB

WBBB ("Radio 96.1"), is an adult hits radio station based in Raleigh, North Carolina, owned by Curtis Media Group. Its studios are located in Raleigh, and the transmitter tower is near Garner close to Lake Wheeler.
History.
The station was signed on in 1949 by the Raleigh "News and Observer" as WNAO-FM to simulcast sister station WNAO, 850 AM. The stations were sold to Sir Walter Television effective February 13, 1953. In 1959 the station became WKIX-FM, simulcasting much of sister AM WKIX's top 40 format. This move was out of necessity as WKIX-AM's 10 kW signal was powered down to a directional 5 kW at night, preventing the station from having full area coverage. In 1972, WKIX-FM changed format to easy listening WYYD. The station became a satellite MOR station in 1983 and two years later changed its letters to WYLT ("Lite 96.1"), playing soft adult contemporary music.
In 1992, WYLT had a disco show called "Saturday Night Fever" airing on Saturday evenings.
In 1993, WYLT as "Y-96" tried a variation of adult album alternative, playing traditional AC during the day and alternative rock at night, including artists such as Pearl Jam, 10,000 Maniacs, Shawn Colvin, John Hiatt, The Breeders, and R.E.M.. Several area college radio stations played alternative music, but WYLT was a commercial station and had a stronger signal.
WYLT started 1994 by stunting as "W-Garth", playing only Garth Brooks. On January 5, WYLT traded call letters with WKIX; both stations were owned by Alchemy Communications. The FM station switched to country as a result of the increased popularity of WQDR-FM, but distinguished itself from its competitor with "country your grandparents just wouldn't understand." General manager Rennold Madrazo described the new sound as "very hot, high energy and uptempo, with lifestyle promotions" and targeting yuppies and other upscale listeners. The result was a decline in ratings, followed by a slight increase. 
When the station switched to mainstream rock on January 28, 1998, the WBBB letters were taken from a Burlington, North Carolina radio station at 920 AM (which had originally signed on as WPCM). WBBB was called "Real Rock, 96rock" then transitioned to "The Rock Station, 96rock". They later dropped the first half of their name and became known simply as 96rock and went by the motto "Everything That Rocks." 
In November, 2011, WBBB rebranded as "Radio 96.1", playing music from the 1970s-2000s. In June 2012, Radio 96.1 became the highest rated radio station amongst adults aged 25-54 in the Raleigh-Durham Arbitron market.

</doc>
<doc id="5864614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864614" title="India (disambiguation)">
India (disambiguation)

India, officially the Republic of India (Bhārat Gaṇarājya), is a country in South Asia.
India may also refer to the following items, depending upon context.
History.
The term "India" has historically also been used to refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5864615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864615" title="Finfolk">
Finfolk

In Orkney folklore, Finfolk (sometimes Finnfolk) are sorcerous shapeshifters of the sea, the dark mysterious race from Finfolkaheem who regularly make an amphibious journey from the depths of the Finfolk ocean home to the Orkney Islands. They wade, swim or sometimes row upon the Orkney shores in the spring and summer months, searching for human captives. The Finfolk ( both Finman and Finwife ) kidnap unsuspecting fishermen, or frolicking youth, near the shore and force them into lifelong servitude as a spouse.
Finfolkaheem.
According to folklore, the under water dwelling of the Finfolk, known as Finfolkaheem (literally "Finfolk's Home") is regarded as the place of origin for the Finfolk, and their ancestral home. A fantastic under water palace with massive crystal halls, Finfolkaheem is surrounded, inside and out, by ornate gardens of multi-coloured seaweed. It's never dark in Finfolkaheem, because it is lit by the phosphorescent glow of tiny sea creatures at night. Its great halls and vast rooms are decorated with moving underwater draped curtains whose colours move and dance with the underwater currents.
Human Abduction.
Unlike the "Selkie" made famous by the "The Great Silkie of Sule Skerry", the Finfolk are neither romantic nor friendly. Instead of courting the prospective spouse, Finfolk simply abduct them. Regarded as territorial and greedy, the Finfolk, in addition to their lust for humans, have a weakness for silver and things made of silver metal, such as coins and jewelry. According to legend a possible way to escape abduction is to exploit this Finfolk weakness by tossing silver coins away from oneself. The motivation for the amphibious abductions are inspired, in part, because marriage to a human is preferred over other Finfolk.
To capture the unsuspecting human bride or groom, the Orkney Finfolk cunningly disguise themselves and their fins as other sea animals, plants or even as floating clothes. The Finfolk kidnapping attempt begins by approaching the prospective mate cautiously, floating ever closer, until it is possible to leap up and grab the victim. The Finmen often use another tactic, appearing in human form disguised as fishermen in a row boat, or a fishing boat propelled by oars. The Finwife prefers a more natural form, and often appears as a mermaid with long, flowing golden hair, snow white skin, incredible beauty, and, sometimes, a long fish tail. In some stories, she has a beautiful voice like that of the Greek Sirens.
Married Life.
Whatever the method of abduction, the (often screaming) hapless human captive is ferried away to the floating, and sometimes disappearing, mystical island of Hildaland where the rest of one's days are spent performing rigorous duties as either the husband to the Finwife, or wife to the Finman. Yet another compelling reason for Finfolk intermarriage with humans; should a Finwife marry a Finman, she loses both her beauty and mystical charm. As she ages (without a human husband), her ugliness increases in increments of seven years until she becomes the Finwife hag.
The Finwife.
The Finwife starts her life as a beautiful mermaid bent on acquiring a human husband. Should she succeed, she takes him to live with her in Finfolkaheem, or, on occasion in some stories, goes to live with him instead, as in the story of "Johhny Croy and his Mermaid Bride". If not, the Finwife must take a Finman husband and is often made to go ashore and work as a healer or spinner by her husband, who she is forced to send all her silver home to or risk a terrible beating. She often owns a black cat that can transform itself into a fish to deliver messages to her kin in Finfolkaheem.
The Finman.
The Finman is described as being tall, dark and thin with a stern, gloomy face. He is said to have many magical powers, such as rowing between Norway and Orkney in seven oar-strokes, making his ship invisible and creating fleets of phantom boats. He avoids human contact, but is extremely territorial and will wreak havoc on the boats of any fishermen trespassing in 'his' waters, though he may sometimes be deterred by drawing a cross on the bottom of a craft with chalk or tar, for Finfolk abhor the sign of the Christian cross above any other device. The Finman was said to be very crafty and ever prepared to cheat men out of their silver or wives.
Hildaland and Eynhallow.
The Finfolk were said to have two homes: the magical underwater world of Finfolkaheem where they lived in the winter and the island of Hildaland (literally 'Hidden Land'), a paradisical island that was said to either be invisible, hidden just underwater or surrounded by magical fog. Whichever, it was rarely glimpsed by humans, and young men and women stolen away there never returned. Nowadays, many people associate the very real island of Eynhallow with the magical Hildaland, touting the tale of The Farmer of Evie as the reason that Hildaland/Eynhallow is now visible and relatively non-magical, though some would say otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="5864621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864621" title="Almondo Curry">
Almondo Curry

Almondo Alfonzo Curry (born August 18, 1980) was a cornerback in the Canadian Football League. As of 2006, he is unsigned.
Curry was originally signed as a free agent by the Montreal Alouettes in 2004. He was traded to Saskatchewan Roughriders in 2006 for quarterback, Nealon Greene. Curry was named to the CFL All-Star team in 2004. In college, he played for the University of Virginia. He is a cousin of former Oakland Raiders wide receiver Ronald Curry.

</doc>
<doc id="5864630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864630" title="Prue Sibree">
Prue Sibree

Prudence Anne Sibree (née Turnor) and later Prudence Anne Leggoe (born 7 August 1946) is former Liberal Party of Australia member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly.
Sibree was educated at Strathcona Baptist Girls Grammar School and Melbourne University where she gained a law degree. Upon graduation from university, Sibree worked as a solicitor, eventually establishing her own law firm, Prue Sibree & Co. She joined the Young Liberal Movement in 1968 and served as its vice-president in 1970. She married her first husband, Mark Sibree, in 1969.
In 1981 Sibree won the by-election caused by the retirement of Sir Rupert Hamer in the district of Kew. She served variously as Secretary to Shadow Cabinet, opposition spokesperson for Early Childhood Development, Youth and Women's Affairs and opposition spokesperson for Further Education Training and Employment.
In 1983 Sibree's first marriage ended in divorce. In December 1987 she married John Leggoe, and a couple of months later, retired from politics. Fellow Liberal Jan Wade retained the seat in the resulting by-election.

</doc>
<doc id="5864635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864635" title="Lexington State Bank">
Lexington State Bank

Lexington State Bank (commonly known as "LSB") was a banking company based in Lexington, North Carolina. Its motto was "The Bank" and its slogans were "Beeline Banking", and "Easy as L-S-B". The bank had 29 branches across the Piedmont Triad region operating in Davidson, Stokes, Forsyth, Guilford, and Randolph counties of North Carolina. LSB Bancshares, Inc. () was the holding company for Lexington State Bank. In 2007, it merged with FNB Southeast to form NewBridge Bank.
History.
LSB was founded in 1949 by Dr. J. A. Smith, a physician, founder of Lexington Hospital, Chairman of the Lexington Utilities Commission, and two-term North Carolina Representative. Shares of the company were sold to citizens of Davidson County, North Carolina who were willing to buy them. The first banking office opened in uptown Lexington's Courthouse Square on July 5, 1949, one day after Independence Day. Dr. Smith became the new bank's President and Chairman of the Board. Assets at the close of business on December 31, 1949, totaled $1,845,680.82, including loans and discounts of $799,626.92. Liabilities included deposits of $1,602,541.59 and other liabilities of $22,201.84, capital of $150,000 and surplus of $70,937.39.
In April 1962, LSB moved its headquarters to an old hardware store at the corner of State Street and West First Street in Lexington. This new "LSB Plaza" expanded as the company grew. The holding company for LSB was created in July 1983 and in 1985 LSB opened its first 24-hour automatic teller machine (ATM) at Lexington Hospital.
In July 1997 Old North State Bank and LSB shareholders agreed to merge into a single company; the LSB name remained.
Merger with FNB Southeast.
On February 27, 2007 Lexington State Bank announced its intention to merge with the Greensboro-based FNB Southeast, a bank nearly equal in assets. With the merger approved by stockholders on July 31, 2007, the new bank is the sixth largest in North Carolina. The post-merger institution, operating under the name NewBridge Bank, began public operations on November 13, 2007.[http://www.the-dispatch.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20070405/NEWS/704050349/1006/RSS] NewBridge Bank has 42 full-service banking offices, total assets of about $2 billion and total deposits of about $1.6 billion, and an increased geographic size including counties in coastal North Carolina and southern Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="5864643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864643" title="Some Records">
Some Records

Some Records is an independent record label in New York City whose acts include Earl Greyhound, Innaway, Hot Water Music, Walking Concert, Six Going On Seven, Form of Rocket, The New Transit Direction, The Exit, The Ghost and Rebecca Schiffman.
The company was founded in 1997 by Walter Schreifels, Sammy Siegler and Matt Pincus. Craig Yoskowitz was brought into the fold in the year 2000 and became a partner in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5864646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864646" title="Book of Aksum">
Book of Aksum

The Book of Aksum or Mats'hafa Aksum (Ge'ez መጽሐፈ ፡ አክሱም "maṣḥafa aksūm", , , ) is the name accepted since the time of James Bruce for a collection of documents from the St. Mary Cathedral of Aksum providing information on Ethiopian history. The earliest parts of the collection date to the mid-15th century during the reign of Zar'a Ya`qob (r. 1434 - 1468).
The documents were classified by the book's editor Carlo Conti Rossini into three parts: the first, earlier, section describes the Church Maryam Seyon in Aksum prior to its damaging in the mid-16th century, the topography of Aksum and its history, and contains a list of services and the like regarding Maryam Seyon and its clergy. The second part, dated to the early 17th century, contains 103 historical and legal texts, many dealing with land grants, along with their protocols, while the third text dates to the late 17th century and contains 14 miscellaneous legal and historical texts regarding Aksum's history. The book was also supplemented in the mid-19th century with further later documents.

</doc>
<doc id="5864648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864648" title="Natural filtration">
Natural filtration

In the theory of stochastic processes in mathematics and statistics, the natural filtration associated to a stochastic process is a filtration associated to the process which records its "past behaviour" at each time. It is in a sense the simplest filtration available for studying the given process: all information concerning the process, and only that information, is available in the natural filtration.
More formally, let (Ω, "F", P) be a probability space; let ("I", ≤) be a totally ordered index set; let ("S", Σ) be a measurable space; let "X" : "I" × Ω → "S" be a stochastic process. Then the natural filtration of "F" with respect to "X" is defined to be the filtration "F"•"X" = ("F""i""X")"i"∈"I" given by
i.e., the smallest "σ"-algebra on Ω that contains all pre-images of Σ-measurable subsets of "S" for "times" "j" up to "i".
In many examples, the index set "I" is the natural numbers N (possibly including 0) or an interval "T" or [0, +∞); the state space "S" is often the real line R or Euclidean space R"n".
Any stochastic process "X" is an adapted process with respect to its natural filtration.

</doc>
<doc id="5864681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864681" title="Ralph Clarke (Australian politician)">
Ralph Clarke (Australian politician)

Ralph Desmond Clarke (born 4 October 1951) is a former Australian politician. He was an Australian Labor Party member of the South Australian House of Assembly between 1993 and 2002, representing the electorate of Ross Smith. He was the deputy leader of the State Parliamentary Labor Party, and thus the deputy opposition leader, until he was deposed in factional infighting.
Despite a secret ballot showing 60 of the 74 of the members of de-stacked local branches threw their support behind Clarke for 2002 preselection, but the state executive intervened to install John Rau, a former colleague of Clarke's in the Centre Left faction who had made the switch to the Right. Clarke ran as an independent and did very well on 23.1%, however with the ALP vote of 39.5% and Liberal vote of 24.1%, he did not get into the two party preferred race for election.
Clarke contested an upper house seat under a banner of "Buy back ETSA" at the 2006 election but failed with only 0.1% of the vote, only 1115 votes.
Prior to entering parliament, Clarke was Secretary of the Federated Clerks' Union (FCU), and later involved with the Australian Services Union. 
In October 2007 Clarke was elected as an Area Councillor for the City of Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="5864683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864683" title="Patrick Anderson (poet)">
Patrick Anderson (poet)

Patrick John MacAllister Anderson (4 August 1915, Ashtead – 17 March 1979, Halstead) was an English-born Canadian poet. He was educated at Oxford and Columbia. He taught in Montreal, both at private schools and at McGill University, between 1940 and 1950.
In March 1942 Anderson and Montreal Group poet F.R. Scott founded Montreal literary magazine "Preview"; A.M. Klein and P.K. Page also became part of the editorial group. According to The Canadian Encyclopedia, ""Preview's" orientation was cosmopolitan; its members looked largely towards the English poets of the 1930s for inspiration."
In 1943, critic John Sutherland published a review of Anderson's poetry in rival magazine "First Statement" which suggested homoerotic themes in his writing, and accusing Anderson of "some sexual experience of a kind not normal"; although Anderson would in fact come out as gay later in life, he was married at the time to Peggy Doernbach, and threatened to sue. Sutherland printed a retraction in the following issue. The incident was little known outside of Montreal at the time, as both magazines had small, primarily local circulations, although it would come to be more extensively analyzed in the 1990s as an important incident in the history of LGBT literature in Canada.
Anderson and Doernbach were members of the Labor-Progressive Party, and were active supporters of Labour-Progressive MP Fred Rose.
"Preview" merged with "First Statement" in 1945 to become "Northern Review".
Following his divorce from Doernbach in 1950, Anderson left Canada, teaching for two years in Malaysia before returning to England. He subsequently entered into a same-sex relationship with Alistair Sutherland, with whom he co-edited "Eros: An Anthology of Male Friendship" in 1961; in this era, he also published memoirs and travel writing. Despite this, he continued to treat his sexuality as a private matter, declining inclusion in an anthology of gay male literature in 1972. He remained a resident of England for the rest of his life, although he sometimes returned to Canada in the 1970s as a guest lecturer; his final volume of poetry, published in 1977, was titled "Return to Canada".

</doc>
<doc id="5864713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864713" title="Trio Voronezh">
Trio Voronezh

Trio Voronezh is a folk music band. This band, renowned for its conventional usage of Russian musical instruments and folk melodies, 
is composed of three male members, Vladimir Volokhin on the domra, Sergei Teleshev on the bayan, and Valerie Petrukhin on the double-bass balalaika.
Origin.
Trio Voronezh is a musical ensemble that produces arrangements of classics across a variety 
of musical styles, all played upon Russian folk instruments. 
Trio Voronezh attempt to alter the way audiences experience classical, folk and contemporary repertoire. 
The diverse repertoire of the Trio includes the works of Vivaldi, Bach, Tchaikovsky, Stravinsky, Shostakovich, and Rachmaninov, as well as Russian folk songs, Argentine tangos, gypsy dance music, 
bluegrass and popular songs by Gershwin. 
The ever-expanding concert material is arranged by the members of the Trio, and is performed entirely from memory.
The musicians of Trio Voronezh have been playing and performing since they were young children, around the age of six. 
They continued their classical training and pursued further study at the Conservatory in Voronezh, Russia.
Vladimir Volokhin went on to win the title of National Champion in the All-Russia Domra Competition in 1988.
Valerie Petrukhin has performed with many famous Russian folk orchestras and ensembles and currently is being an honored member of the Sierra Nevada Balalaika Society.
Sergei Teleshev won many regional and international accordion competitions and was an award-winning finalist in the 1995 World Accordion Competition, held in Klingenthal, Germany.
Vladimir Volokhin, Valerie Petrukhin and Sergei Teleshev formed the Trio in 1993.
The folk trio named themselves after the working-class city from which they studied and perfected their craft, a city of over a million people, and approximately 350 miles south of Moscow.
In 1995, Trio Voronezh sprang onto the international stage after they were discovered playing classical favorites and folk tunes in a Frankfurt, Germany subway station.
Debut.
The band made its U.S. debut in 1996 at the Oregon Bach Festival. Since that concert, the trio's career has continued to rise, with live concerts in Europe, a music video filmed in the USA, and their return to the Oregon Bach Festival in 1997 and 1999. 
Prior to their 1998 U.S. tour, Trio Voronezh made an appearance on public radio's "A Prairie Home Companion" with Garrison Keillor. The trio went on to perform at Houston's Society for the Performing Arts; the cities of Ann Arbor, Chicago, Portland, and St. Louis; and the Universities of Arizona, Georgia, Illinois, Nebraska, and Los Angeles, as well as Amherst, Dartmouth College, New York's Rockefeller University and Stanford.
Recent times.
In 2003, the trio made its debut in the orchestral persuasion with the Phoenix Symphony in a highly successful collaboration with Doc Severinsen. During the 2003-2004 season, Trio Voronezh performed with the Colorado Symphony Orchestra, the Minnesota Orchestra, and in numerous recitals across the country.
Since then the Trio has performed with major symphony orchestras throughout the U.S., Canada and Russia.
In addition to five Albums released in the following years, the Trio was featured on a 2007 release of “Peter and the Wolf”, along with the London Symphony.
It was selected by Dr. Toy, Stevanne Auerbach, as one of 2007’s “10 Best.” Stevanne Auerbach is one of the nation’s and world’s leading experts on play, toys, and children’s product. 
The recording was also selected by National Parenting Publication Awards “NAPPA Gold Award.”
The band's moniker.
Trio Voronezh is named due to its founders all being graduates of the Academy of Music in Voronezh.

</doc>
<doc id="5864726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864726" title="Thomas McGrath">
Thomas McGrath

Thomas McGrath may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5864737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864737" title="Norman Curry">
Norman Curry

Norman Oswald Curry (born 5 September 1946) is a former Namibian cricketer. Born in East London, South Africa, Curry played several matches at and level for Border during the 1973–74 South African domestic cricket season. A middle-order batsman, his debut for the team came in the first round of the limited-overs Gillette Cup, with Curry being dismissed for three runs. Later in the season, he was selected for two matches in the first-class Currie Cup, against Griqualand West and Natal "B". Curry's first and only half-century at first-class level came in the fourth innings of the match against Griqualand West, an innings of 52 runs that included a 103-run partnership for the seventh wicket with Samuel Schmidt. In the 1990s, Curry appeared in several matches for the Namibian national cricket team, which had obtained membership of the International Cricket Council in 1992 following the country's independence two years earlier. His matches for the national side came when he was aged 47, during the 1994 ICC Trophy held in Kenya. Playing five matches during the tournament, Curry scored only 19 runs from three innings, with Namibia winning four out of their seven matches. Curry later coached several Namibian representative sides in junior-level tournaments. Three of his brothers-in-law (Phillip Hodson, Tony Greig, and Ian Greig) and his nephew (Will Hodson) all played first-class cricket in England, with the Greigs both playing Test cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="5864739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864739" title="Patrick Anderson">
Patrick Anderson

Patrick Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5864740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864740" title="Fuck la Mode">
Fuck la Mode

Fuck la Mode is a popular Quebec fashion line that was created by Jean-Francois Renaud, owner of the boutique Oclan, in the year of 1989.
Meaning.
'la Mode', in French, simply means fashion. Also, the word 'fuck' in Quebec French has a less harsh connotation than that of the English word 'fuck', with a meaning something closer to 'heck'. Therefore, 'Fuck la Mode', in English, is closer to 'to heck with fashion' than 'fuck fashion'.
Background.
The year of 2009 was the 20th anniversary of the brand. There was celebration all throughout the year, including the launch of the new website. It is recorded to be found and sold in the Boutique Oclan. Fuck La Mode is located in Quebec, Canada. 
Products.
Fuck la Mode sells the following products:

</doc>
<doc id="5864746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864746" title="Brown noddy">
Brown noddy

The brown noddy or common noddy ("Anous stolidus") is a seabird from the tern family. The largest of the noddies, it can be told from the closely related black noddy by its larger size and plumage, which is dark brown rather than black. The brown noddy is a tropical seabird with a worldwide distribution, ranging from Hawaii to the Tuamotu Archipelago and Australia in the Pacific Ocean, from the Red Sea to the Seychelles and Australia in the Indian Ocean and in the Caribbean to Tristan da Cunha in the Atlantic Ocean. The brown noddy is colonial, usually nesting on the in elevated situations on cliffs or in short trees or shrubs. It only occasionally nests on the ground. A single egg is laid by the female of a pair each breeding season.
Etymology: "Anous" is Greek for "unmindful" (Harrison, 1990; "see also" nous), and "stolidus" means "impassive" in Latin ("see also" stolid). The birds are often unwary and find safety in enormous numbers. To sailors, they were well known for their apparent indifference to hunters or predators.

</doc>
<doc id="5864748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864748" title="Art Jimmerson">
Art Jimmerson

Art Jimmerson is a retired boxer who competed at super middleweight, light heavyweight, cruiserweight and heavyweight. As an amateur, Jimmerson was the 1983 National Golden Gloves Middleweight champion. He finished his boxing career in 2002, with a record of 33–18.
Biography.
In November 1993, Jimmerson competed at the very first UFC competition, UFC 1. He fought Royce Gracie while wearing only one boxing glove, earning the nickname Art 'One Glove' Jimmerson in the process. Since there were no gloves in the first UFC, Art didn't want to get his jab hand hurt, so he wore a boxing glove in the match on his left hand.
Jimmerson lost to Gracie by submission after being taken to the ground and tapping out two minutes into the first round, ending his mixed martial arts career, at which point he returned to boxing.
Jimmerson is now the head boxing coach at the UFC GYM in Torrance, CA.
Jimmerson has expressed an interest in fighting former YouTube sensation and UFC fighter, Kimbo Slice, in a boxing match.

</doc>
<doc id="5864756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864756" title="Mudville">
Mudville

Mudville may refer to:
The Visalia Rawhide, a minor league baseball team in California, plays one game each season as the Mudville Nine, with
the retro uniforms and reciting of the poem, Casey at the Bat. "

</doc>
<doc id="5864761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864761" title="Murray De Laine">
Murray De Laine

Murray Royce De Laine (born 29 August 1936) is a former Australian politician. He represented the electorate of Price as an Australian Labor Party member of the South Australian House of Assembly between 1985 and 2001. In late 2001 he became an independent in the lead up to the February 2002 State Election, where he lost the reformed seat of Cheltenham to Jay Weatherill.
Political career.
De Laine was elected to the seat of Price on 7 December 1985. In 1998 the seat of Price was heavily altered in a redistribution and renamed Cheltenham. In August 2001 De Laine was defeated in an Australian Labor Party pre-selection ballot which saw Jay Weatherill take the pre-selection. On 15 August 2001 De Laine quit Labor and announced he would run as an independent at the next state election. In the 2002 election De Laine stood as an independent and was defeated, with 9.7% of the primary vote.

</doc>
<doc id="5864765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864765" title="Macrauchenidia">
Macrauchenidia

Macrauchenidia is an extinct genus of South American litoptern, related to Macrauchenia, and belonging to the same family, Macraucheniidae.

</doc>
<doc id="5864770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864770" title="Wally Rippel">
Wally Rippel

Wally E. Rippel is a long-time developer and advocate of battery electric vehicles.
Wally has a prominent role, labeled as himself, "Research Engineer, AeroVironment," in the 2006 documentary movie "Who Killed the Electric Car?", including two brief scenes in the official trailer.
In 1968, as an undergraduate student, he built the Caltech electric car (a converted 1958 VW microbus) and won the Great Transcontinental Electric Car Race against MIT.
In the 1970s and 1980s, Rippel worked for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory on electric vehicle battery research, among other things.
Around 1990, Rippel joined AeroVironment and helped to design the GM Impact, later named the EV1; he had worked on the induction motor for the car before joining AeroVironment. In 2003, he was one of the participants in the mock funeral for the EV1 as GM prepared to collect the last few for crushing.
Rippel left AeroVironment in 2006 and joined Tesla Motors, where he continued his lifelong work on the battery electric car. He left Tesla in 2008.
Patented Inventions.
The US PTO lists 24 issued patents with Wally E. Rippel as inventor:
Further reading.
Books that discuss Wally Rippel include:

</doc>
<doc id="5864773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864773" title="76 mm air defense gun M1938">
76 mm air defense gun M1938

76 mm air defense gun M1938 () was 76.2 mm (3 inch) Soviet air defense gun, created by Soviet artillery designer M.N.Loginov. This gun was a modernized version of the 76.2 mm air defense gun model 1931, with a slightly modernized barrel and a completely new two-axle carriage ZU-8. This carriage was also used for the more powerful 85 mm 52-K air defense gun, developed in 1939. 
The 85 mm gun was chosen for mass production by the Soviet authorities and tooling was switched from the 76.2 mm AD guns, to the 85 mm gun. As a result of this decision, the total number of M1938 AD guns, delivered to the Red Army, was relatively small. These guns were used in the first stages of the German-Soviet War and were gradually replaced by the more powerful 52-Ks. The muzzle velocity of the 6.5 kg (14.33 lb) projectile was 816 m/s (2,677 ft/s) and this allowed the shell to reach a 9,250 m (30,347 ft) maximum altitude.
The external appearance of the 76 mm and 85 mm AD guns is very close; the two types can be differentiated by their muzzle brake, the larger gun possessing the larger muzzle brake.

</doc>
<doc id="5864787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864787" title="Lynge">
Lynge

Lynge is a family name of Danish and Swedish origin. The name is pronounced in Swedish. 
Examples include:
In Denmark, Lynge is also the name of several towns, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5864788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864788" title="Avocado oil">
Avocado oil

Avocado oil is an edible oil pressed from the fruit of the "Persea americana" (avocado). As a food oil, it is used as an ingredient in other dishes, and as a cooking oil. It is also used for lubrication and in cosmetics, where it is valued for its supposed regenerative and moisturizing properties.
It has an unusually high smoke point, both unrefined and especially when refined. The smoke point of the unrefined form is and the refined form can reach . The exact smoke point depends heavily on the quality of refinement and the way the oil has been handled up until reaching store shelves and subsequent kitchens.
Uses.
Avocado oil functions well as a carrier oil for other flavors. It is high in monounsaturated fats and vitamin E. Avocado oil also enhances the absorption of carotenoids and other nutrients.
Because the avocado is a year-round crop, some olive oil processing facilities, particularly in Australia and New Zealand, process olive oil during the olive season, and avocado oil during the rest of the year.
Avocado oil was originally, and still is, extracted for cosmetic use because of its very high skin penetration and rapid absorption. Following pre-drying of the avocado flesh to remove as much water as possible (≈65% water in avocado flesh), avocado oil for cosmetics is traditionally extracted with solvents at elevated temperatures. After extraction, the oil for application in skin care products is usually refined, bleached, and deodorized, resulting in an odorless yellow oil. Like extra virgin olive oil, cold-pressed avocado oil is unrefined and so retains the flavor and color characteristics of the fruit flesh.
Properties.
Extra virgin avocado oil from the Hass cultivar has a characteristic flavor, is high in monounsaturated fatty acids, and has a high smoke point (≥), making it a good oil for frying. ‘Hass' cold-pressed avocado oil is a brilliant emerald green when extracted; the color is attributed to high levels of chlorophylls and carotenoids extracted into the oil. Cold-pressed ‘Hass' avocado oil has been described as having an avocado flavor, with grassy and butter/mushroom-like flavors. Other varieties may produce oils of slightly different flavor profile as has been seen with ‘Fuerte,' which has been described as having more mushroom and less avocado flavor.
As a culinary oil, avocado oil compares well with olive oil. It has a similar monounsaturated fat profile which helps to protect the oil from breakdown during heating. Avocado oil is naturally low acidic, helping to increase smoke point. An extra virgin avocado oil, characterized by a deep emerald green color (from avocado's chlorophyll content) can safely be heated to degree of —similar to a high quality extra virgin olive oil. Both unrefined and refined avocado oil can safely be used to conduct almost any high heat cooking application including baking, stir-fry, deep-fry, sear, barbecue, roast and saute. Avocado oil is relatively new to the culinary world and is often mislabeled in regards to smoke point. It is important to note that like all oils, the more refined, the higher the smoke point. 
Avocado oil is one of few edible oils not derived from seeds; it is pressed from the fleshy pulp surrounding the avocado pit.

</doc>
<doc id="5864833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864833" title="KID">
KID

KID, whose name is an acronym of Kindle Imagine Develop, was a Japan-based company specializing in porting and developing bishōjo games.
KID was founded in 1988, with capital of 160 million yen. In the early 1990s, it served primarily as a contract developer. Notable titles from this era include "Burai Fighter", "Low G Man", "G.I. Joe", "Isolated Warrior" and "Recca". In 1997, it began porting PC games to games consoles. In 1999, it released an original title called "Memories Off" on PlayStation, which later became its first well-known series. In 2000, it released another original title called Infinity which became the second well-known series. This game was later renamed "Never7 ~the end of infinity~" and Infinity became the series name. It also created the popular underground PlayStation game "Board Game Top Shop".
In 2005, KID became a sponsor of the Japanese drama series "Densha Otoko".
The company declared bankruptcy in 2006. However in February 2007 it was announced that KID's intellectual properties had been acquired by the CyberFront corporation, who would continue all unfinished projects until the closure in December 2013.
Works.
"Infinity" Series
"Memories Off" Series
Other

</doc>
<doc id="5864845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864845" title="Krasnogorsk (camera)">
Krasnogorsk (camera)

The Krasnogorsk-3 is a spring-wound 16mm mirror-reflex movie camera designed and manufactured in the USSR by KMZ. Production of the Krasnogorsk-3 ceased in the early 1990s.
It was one of the most popular 16mm movie cameras in Eastern Europe, where it made a prominent appearance in Krzysztof Kieślowski's 1979 film "Camera Buff", and continues to enjoy considerable popularity in the West.
Technical information.
The Krasnogorsk-3 uses standard load of 16mm film (single or double-perforation). There is no provision for an external magazine. There are two different lens mounts used on the Krasnogorsk-3. One is the M42×1 lens mount. The other is a Russian bayonet mount. The screw-mount allows for the use of lenses from 35 mm still cameras. The stock lens is the f/1.9 17–69 mm zoom lens Meteor-5-1.
The camera has a single pulldown claw and no registration pin. At 24 frame/s, the Krasnogorsk-3 will run for about 25 seconds on a full wind. Film speed is adjustable from 8 frame/s to 48 frame/s. A single-frame release at the back of the Krasnogorsk-3 allows for animation and other single-frame applications.
The PX640 battery required to power the internal light meter is no longer sold due to its mercury content. Using an alkaline replacement will not give accurate results due to the differing voltage and discharge slope of alkaline cells. However, a zinc–air battery will work fine with an adapter.

</doc>
<doc id="5864848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864848" title="GAPP">
GAPP

GAPP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5864851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864851" title="Teila Tuli">
Teila Tuli

Teila Tuli, also known as Taylor Wily (born 14 June 1969) is an actor and a former sumo wrestler and mixed martial artist. He is from Honolulu, Hawaii and is of Samoan descent. He is commonly known for his recurring role as Kamekona on "Hawaii Five-0".
Sumo career.
In March 1987, Tuli was recruited by former "sekiwake" Takamiyama, another Hawaiian, and joined Azumazeki stable, which Takamiyama had founded the previous year. He was given the sumo name of Takamishu. He was unbeaten in his first 14 official bouts, winning two consecutive "yūshō" or tournament championships. Weighing nearly , he was one of the largest wrestlers in sumo. In March 1988, he was promoted to the third highest "makushita" division, and became the first foreign born wrestler to ever win the championship in that division. In the same month, future "yokozuna" Akebono, also from Hawaii, joined Azumazeki stable. As the highest ranking wrestler in the stable, Takamishu was a mentor to Akebono and gave him advice on how to adjust to life in Japan. In March 1989 Takamishu reached his highest ever rank of "makushita" 2, and even fought two bouts with elite "jūryō" ranked wrestlers. However, Takamishu was never to reach "sekitori" status himself. He did not compete in the following tournament, and retired from sumo in July 1989.
Ultimate Fighting Championships.
After leaving sumo, he competed in the first bout of the UFC 1 in November 1993, held in Denver, Colorado. It was shown on pay-per-view. Despite heavily outweighing his opponent, he lost to Gerard Gordeau, the match being stopped after Tuli was kicked in the face causing the loss of a tooth. This was Tuli's only MMA fight. The match has been described as one of the top five David and Goliath match-ups in MMA history.
Acting career.
Tuli, credited as Taylor Wily, had a role in the comedy film "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" as a hotel worker who befriended the main character Jason Segel. He also has a recurring role on the television series "Hawaii Five-0".
Wily made a cameo on the 20th edition of "The Amazing Race", and handed out clues to racing contestants.

</doc>
<doc id="5864863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864863" title="Graham Ingerson">
Graham Ingerson

Graham Alexander Ingerson (born 27 August 1941) is a former Australian politician. He was a Liberal Party of Australia member of the South Australian House of Assembly between 1983 and 2002, Deputy Premier of South Australia between 28 November 1996 and 7 July 1998 to Premier John Olsen and represented the very safe Liberal electorate of Bragg.
Ingerson held portfolios including Minister for Tourism and Industrial Affairs, Minister for Recreation, Sport and Racing, Deputy Premier, Minister for Infrastructure, Minister for Police, Minister for Emergency Service, Minister for Racing, Minister for Local Government, Minister for Industry, Trade and Tourism, and Cabinet Secretary (not a Ministerial position).
In August 1998, Ingerson resigned from the ministry over his handling of the racing industry. He was promoted again to Cabinet Secretary in February 2000, but had to resign that in October 2001, over his handling of the Hindmarsh Soccer Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="5864864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864864" title="Amzie Strickland">
Amzie Strickland

Amzie Strickland (January 10, 1919 – July 5, 2006) was an American character actress who began in radio, made some 650 television appearances, had roles in two dozen films, appeared in numerous television movies and also worked in TV commercials. In a six-decade career, from the 1940s to 2001, she amassed well over 100 credits.
Radio and television.
Strickland began as a radio actress during the old time radio era and her various radio roles included Cathy Evans, girlfriend of private eye Brad Runyon (J. Scott Smart), in Dashiell Hammett's "The Fat Man" (1947–1951). She appeared (sometimes on a recurring basis) on such TV shows as Adam-12, "Gunsmoke", "The Dick Van Dyke Show", "The Andy Griffith Show", "I Love Lucy", "The Twilight Zone", "", "Alias Smith & Jones", "Happy Days", "Carter Country", "Bonanza", "The Golden Girls", "The Facts of Life", "The Jeffersons", "ER", "7th Heaven", "Ellen", "Wings", "Alf", "Dragnet", "Father Dowling Mysteries", "Full House", "Ned and Stacey", "Perry Mason" and "Knight Rider". Her TV movies include "Tower of Terror," and "Inherit the Wind".
Films.
Her film credits include roles in "Captain Newman, M.D.", "Penelope", "Kotch", "Harper Valley PTA", "Pretty Woman", "Doc Hollywood", "Shiloh", and "Krippendorf's Tribe".
Personal life and death.
She was married to radio and television actor Frank Behrens, and they had a son, Tim Behrens.
She died of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 87 in 2006, just sixteen days before her "Shiloh" co-star J. Madison Wright died of a heart attack at the age of 21.

</doc>
<doc id="5864876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864876" title="Aldo Olivieri">
Aldo Olivieri

Aldo Olivieri (2 October 1910 – 5 April 2001) was a former Italian football goalkeeper from 1931 to 1943, and trainer after World War II.
Career.
Olivieri was born in San Michele Extra, Verona.
Nicknamed "Ercolino Semprimpiedi" ("Always-Standing Little Hercules"), a famous definition of Italian journalist Gianni Brera) he played for Verona, Lucchese and Brescia in Serie B, and Torino in Serie A. For Italy he became World Champion in 1938.
He died in Lido di Camaiore at 90 years old. He was the penultimate survivor of the 1938 winning team squad. The last member, who died on 5 November 2006, was defender Pietro Rava.

</doc>
<doc id="5864886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864886" title="List of Ammoxenidae species">
List of Ammoxenidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Ammoxenidae as of Apr. 21, 2008.
Ammoxenus.
"Ammoxenus" Simon, 1893
Austrammo.
"Austrammo" Platnick, 2002
Barrowammo.
"Barrowammo" Platnick, 2002
Rastellus.
"Rastellus" Platnick & Griffin, 1990

</doc>
<doc id="5864890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864890" title="Saskatchewan Glacier">
Saskatchewan Glacier

Saskatchewan Glacier is located in Banff National Park, Alberta, Canada, approximately northwest of the town of Banff, and can be accessed from the Icefields Parkway. Saskatchewan Glacier is the largest outflow glacier from the Columbia Icefield, which rests along the Continental divide. The glacier is a primary water source for the North Saskatchewan River. The glacier is approximately long and covers an area of 30 km² (11.5 mi²) and was measured in 1960 to be over 400 metres (1,300 ft) thick at a distance of from the terminal snout. Between the years 1893 and 1953, Saskatchewan Glacier had retreated a distance of 1,364 metres (4,474 ft), with the rate of retreat between the years 1948 and 1953 averaging 55 metres (180 ft) per year.

</doc>
<doc id="5864899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864899" title="Digital Archive Project">
Digital Archive Project

The Digital Archive Project (DAP) is an online collaboration that provides advice and support for individuals interested publishing television programs that are not produced or distributed through mainstream content distribution. DAP offers support on capturing television broadcasts, how to clean up old VHS recordings, and how to author DVDs.
The project consists of a loose online association of people formed through common interests in humor, encoding, and archiving television programs that would otherwise not see the light of day. The group does not attempt to publish or make these shows available.
History.
The DAP was originally created as a means of sharing and preserving, in a digital format, episodes of the cult classic TV show Mystery Science Theater 3000, originally from a suggestion in the Ars Technica forums in the year 2000. The size of the group has fluctuated in size over the years, all while having many shows added to the list of archived material. The current qualifications for a show to be on the list include: no commercial release, no immediate plans for release, and not currently in production.
The group does not host any of these files; however, when one joins the IRC channel there are people there who may assist visitors, depending on the visitor's behaviour.
Shows.
Past shows.
In the case of DAP-supported material gaining an official release, the material is dropped from the DAP's list and trading it is no longer permitted. Shows dropped from the DAP include:

</doc>
<doc id="5864902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864902" title="Xenorhinotherium">
Xenorhinotherium

Xenorhinotherium bahiensis is an extinct Brazilian macraucheniid closely related to "Macrauchenia" of Patagonia.
Name.
Some authors place "X. bahiensis" in the genus "Macrauchenia", while still others consider it the same species as "M. patachonica". "Xenorhinotherium bahiensis" is the only macraucheniid to be found in Brazil. The genus name "Xenorhinotherium" means "Strange-Nosed Beast" and "bahiensis" refers to the Brazilian state of Bahia, where its fossils are found.
Characteristics.
Like other macraucheniids, "X. bahiensis" had a small proboscis, or trunk, and three toes on each foot. This animal was an herbivore that averaged around five meters in length, and was approximately three meters in height. In life, "X. bahiensis" probably looked very much like a larger version of "Macrauchenia", that is, vaguely like a very tall, humpless camel with a small, tapir-like trunk.
Era and Location.
Fossils of "Xenorhinotherium" has been found in the states of Bahia and Minas Gerais in modern Brazil, and also in Venezuela, in the localities of Muaco, Taima Taima and Cuenca del Lago, during the Pleistocene Epoch.

</doc>
<doc id="5864905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864905" title="Monna Vanna">
Monna Vanna

Monna Vanna () is an unfinished opera by Sergei Rachmaninoff after a play by Maurice Maeterlinck. Rachmaninoff had completed Act I in short vocal score, with piano accompaniment, and then he went to ask for permission to set the text in a full three-act treatment. However, another composer, Henry Février, had by then received the rights to an operatic setting of the text. Had Rachmaninoff proceeded to a complete operatic setting, such a work could not have been produced in European countries that were signatories to copyright laws that covered the work of Maeterlinck. This opera could only have been produced in countries that at the time were not signatories to European copyright law, such as Russia. Ultimately, Rachmaninoff abandoned further work on this opera and never wrote a complete setting. 
Years later, at the request of Sophie Satin, Rachmaninoff's sister-in-law, Igor Buketoff prepared a performing orchestrated edition of Act I, which he conducted in its world premiere with the Philadelphia Orchestra on 11 August 1984 at Saratoga, New York with Tatiana Troyanos in the title role, Sherrill Milnes as Guido, and John Alexander as Guido's father. He also made the premiere recording of the work, with the Iceland Symphony Orchestra.
Synopsis.
Act I is divided into three scenes. 
Guido, the military commander in Pisa, learns from his father that the enemy will cease conflict if Monna Vanna, wife of Guido, goes to the enemy's camp, but dressed only in a mantle. Monna Vanna agrees to this demand.

</doc>
<doc id="5864908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864908" title="Swisshome, Oregon">
Swisshome, Oregon

Swisshome is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States. It is located on the Siuslaw River northeast of Mapleton, on Oregon Route 36.
According to "Oregon Geographic Names", the community was named for a Swiss family in the area, the Zweidlers. Swisshome post office was established in 1902. The Coos Bay branch of the Central Oregon and Pacific Railroad passes through Swisshome.
The Deadwood Creek Bridge and the Wildcat Creek Bridge near Swisshome are two covered bridges that are on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="5864912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864912" title="Clarke Garrison">
Clarke Garrison

Clarke Garrison, Sr. is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful", portrayed from 1987 to 1992 and from 1996 to 2009 by actor Daniel McVicar.
Character's background.
McVicar describes Clarke as "the classic heel with a heart, a cad with a conscience". He is a former fashion designer for the now-defunct Spectra Fashions.
Originally a student at Otis Parsons Fashion Institute the eternally ambitious character has always wrestled with the balance between ambition and questions of the heart.
Family.
He has two sons, C.J. (most recently played by Mick Cain) from his marriage to Sally Spectra (played by Darlene Conley), and Mark (Michael Dietz) from his affair with Margo Lynley (Lauren Koslow). He was also once married to Kristen Forrester (then played by Teri Ann Linn). Their relationship began when Kristen's mother, Stephanie (Susan Flannery), hired Clarke to seduce Kristen, fearing that her daughter was frigid. Clarke began to have feelings for Kristen and they married, before splitting due to Clarke's liaison with Margo.
Clarke left town in September 1992, returning four years later to see his son, C.J. (then played by Kyle Sabihy). C.J. wanted nothing to do with his father, angry at Clarke for walking out on him and Sally. This changed when Clarke rescued him from kidnappers.
Close relationships.
Clarke and Sally remained close friends; she affectionately called him "Bucky". He also shared a bond with Sally's former receptionist, Darla (Schae Harrison), who Sally thought of as a daughter.
After a disastrous flirtation with Morgan DeWitt (Sarah Buxton), which almost ended with Clarke being killed by her pet python, "Patsy", Clarke began to woo a recently returned Kristen (now Tracy Melchior). His attempts at seducing his ex-wife were unsuccessful, as Kristen moved on with Tony Dominguez (Paulo Benedeti).
Alliance with Amber.
Perhaps Clarke's most notable lapse in judgement was in early 2005, when he reluctantly helped a vengeful Amber Moore (Adrienne Frantz) trap Ridge (Ronn Moss) and his stepdaughter Bridget (Ashley Jones) down a mineshaft in the hope that they would give into their "feelings" for one another, destroying Ridge's marriage to Brooke (Katherine Kelly Lang). Amber received the ammunition she needed, and she and Clarke escaped prosecution due to Sally's pleas for Stephanie not to press charges. It seems, however, that the Forresters have forgiven Clarke for this crime, as he is often present at their family gatherings.
Employment.
Until recently Clarke worked at Forrester Creations, as the new head designer, after being hired by the new owners at that time, Nick (Jack Wagner) and Jackie Marone (Lesley-Anne Down). He was demoted to designer after Brooke returned to Forrester Creations and was made head designer. After Eric Forrester (John McCook) bought back Forrester Creations, he was under no obligation to honor Clarke's contract and Clarke was released from the company.
Not too long after Jackie Marone and Dominick Marone sold Forrester Creations back to the Forresters, Clarke found himself once again back at Spectra Fashions. Because the new owner's of Spectra Fashions had gone bankrupt, the company was reverted to Sally Spectra. As she no longer wanted to run the business, Sally Spectra asked Clarke and their son C.J. to sell the business for her. Knowing Jackie and her son would be interested, Clarke made his way to their home. One thing led to the next and Nick purchased the company making Clarke their head designer. The company was later renamed "M Fashions".
Clarke worked at Jackie M Designs, the company formerly known as Spectra Fashions.

</doc>
<doc id="5864923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864923" title="German American Partnership Program">
German American Partnership Program

The German American Partnership Program (GAPP), is a high school exchange program between schools in the United States and Germany, sponsored by the German Foreign Office and the U.S. Department of State's Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs. Organizational support is provided by the Goethe-Institut. The program was started in 1977Over 200,000 students have participated in the program [http://www.goethe.de/ins/us/ney/pro/gapp/index.htm#A1.8. 
An exchange in this program is organized by two schools which enter into a long-term partnership. Each exchange itself, however, is defined as a short-term exchange. Students from the partner schools are eligible to participate in the annual or bi-annual school visits. These last between three and four weeks each. According to the program rules, 10 to 20 students from each school can participate and are accompanied by teachers from their home schools.

</doc>
<doc id="5864924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864924" title="Whitney Anderson">
Whitney Anderson

Whitney T. Anderson (born 1931) is an American politician and businessman from Waimanalo, Hawaii. He is the younger brother of D.G. "Andy" Anderson.
He served for a total of 20 years in both chambers of the Hawaii State Legislature. Anderson's first experience in Hawaiian politics resulted from working on brother Andy's various campaigns for City Council, the Hawaii State Legislature, Mayor of Honolulu and Governor of Hawaii. Anderson later worked on the campaigns of other prominent Hawaii Republicans, including Gov. William F. Quinn and gubernatorial candidate Randy Crossley. He was also extremely involved with the state Association of Hawaiian Civic Clubs, having served as both Kailua Hawaiian Civic Club president and state Association of Hawaiian Civic Clubs president. Anderson holds the distinction of being the first state Association of Hawaiian Civic Clubs president to lead an annual Club convention out-of-state.
Whitney Anderson's first stint in public office came in 1978, when he won a State House seat representing Kailua. Anderson would hold the positions of House Minority Floor Leader and House Minority Leader. In 1992, after fourteen years in the State House, Anderson decided to vacate his seat to run for Mayor of Honolulu against incumbent Mayor Frank Fasi in the GOP primary election. Anderson lost this election.
In late 1994, longtime Windward Oahu Republican state Sen. Mary George announced her retirement in the middle of a four-year term. Democratic Hawaii Gov. Benjamin J. Cayetano made Whitney Anderson his first appointee to the State Legislature, selecting Anderson to fill the remaining two years of retiring George's term. Anderson ran for re-election to the Hawaii State Senate in 1996, defeating former State House Vice Speaker Jackie Young in one of the year's most hotly contested races. Upon re-election to his state Senate seat, Anderson assumed the Senate Minority Leadership position, a position he held until his exit from the Senate in 2000. At the time of his departure from the Hawaii State Senate, Anderson was Hawaii's sole state senator of native Hawaiian ancestry.
Anderson's adopted "hānai" son and grandson, Ikaika Anderson, was elected to the Honolulu City Council as a councilmember in 2009 and announced his intention to seek the nomination of the Democratic Party for the U.S. House of Representatives for the urban core of Honolulu in August 2013. 
In the 2006 elections, Anderson will seek an at-large seat on the Office of Hawaiian Affairs Board of Trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="5864927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864927" title="List of Amphinectidae species">
List of Amphinectidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Amphinectidae as of May 21, 2010.
Akatorea.
"Akatorea" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Amphinecta.
"Amphinecta" Simon, 1898
Aorangia.
"Aorangia" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Austmusia.
"Austmusia" Gray, 1983
Buyina.
"Buyina" Davies, 1998
Calacadia.
"Calacadia" Exline, 1960
Cunnawarra.
"Cunnawarra" Davies, 1998
Dunstanoides.
"Dunstanoides" Forster & Wilton, 1989
Holomamoea.
"Holomamoea" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Huara.
"Huara" Forster, 1964
Jalkaraburra.
"Jalkaraburra" Davies, 1998
Keera.
"Keera" Davies, 1998
Magua.
"Magua" Davies, 1998
Makora.
"Makora" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Mamoea.
"Mamoea" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Maniho.
"Maniho" Marples, 1959
Marplesia.
"Marplesia" Lehtinen, 1967
Metaltella.
"Metaltella" Mello-Leitão, 1931
Neolana.
"Neolana" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Neororea.
"Neororea" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Oparara.
"Oparara" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Paramamoea.
"Paramamoea" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Penaoola.
"Penaoola" Davies, 1998
Quemusia.
"Quemusia" Davies, 1998
Rangitata.
"Rangitata" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Reinga.
"Reinga" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Rorea.
"Rorea" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Tanganoides.
"Tanganoides" Davies, 2005
Tasmabrochus.
"Tasmabrochus" Davies, 2002
Tasmarubrius.
"Tasmarubrius" Davies, 1998
Teeatta.
"Teeatta" Davies, 2005
Waterea.
"Waterea" Forster & Wilton, 1973

</doc>
<doc id="5864935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864935" title="Hillsboro High School (Oregon)">
Hillsboro High School (Oregon)

Hillsboro High School (Hilhi) is a public high school in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States, and is the oldest high school in the Hillsboro School District. The current campus was built beginning in 1969. Prior to this, the senior high school was located downtown on Lincoln Street at 6th Avenue where J.B. Thomas Middle School stood until 2009. That campus was built in 1928. Currently 1,515 students attend the school in grades 9-12. The official school colors are Blue, White and Red and the mascot is the Spartan.
The athletics and activities of the school compete as a 6A school in the Pacific Conference under the Oregon School Activities Association. Alumni include professional soccer player Tiffeny Milbrett, hall of fame coach Ad Rutschman, and former professional baseball player Bob Beall among others. Hillsboro High's most recent team state championship came in 2009 for Football. As of 2005, the graduation rate was 84%.
History.
In September 1908, tenth grade was added to the Hillsboro school district, with the classes held on the top floor of the school. Eleventh and twelfth grades were soon added, and in June 1911 the first students to complete four years of high school were graduated by Hillsboro. This class totaled five students, consisting of four girls and one boy. In September 1911, the school added manual training and domestic science courses to the curriculum. That same year, voters approved of a $50,000 bond measure to pay for constructing a high school building, with construction completed in 1913 at a cost of $40,000 for the three story building. In 1913, the school graduated eight students. A gymnasium was built beginning in 1915. The school grew in size, with the 1920 graduating class totally 36 students, the largest number up to that time.
In 1929, a new high school building was completed, with additional buildings and the wings added in later years. Located near downtown Hillsboro, at NE Sixth Avenue and Lincoln Street, the site became a junior high once the current campus was built beginning in 1969. In 1970, the new senior high school campus opened on on the south side of Hillsboro, with enrollment of the high school district reaching 3,621 students that year. Students complained that the new layout that consisted of classrooms spread out over the campus instead of a single central building was a poor choice for Oregon’s rainy and cold winters.
The school has been remodeled several times since opening in 1969. The first time was around 1980, when some minor updates such as the covered walkways were added. During the summer of 1999 the school received further updates. Blue and beige paint replaced the old brown colors on the buildings, the commons area was built adjacent to the cafeteria, a new auditorium was constructed, a new building was built to house technology related classes, and the main office was remodeled. After the expansion Hilhi had a total of of space spread out among eleven single-story buildings on campus. During the summer of 2008 the locker rooms were remodeled improving the lighting, showers, and bathrooms. Future plans include the replacement of aging HVAC units and controls by 2011.
In 2003, the school, along with all schools in the district, made national news when 17 days of classes were cut from the school year which allowed students to begin summer break in May due to budget cuts to education in Oregon. Teacher Don Domes won the Software Association of Oregon Foundation's Oregon Technology Educator of Year in 2004. Since 2006 the school has participated in the MIT-Lemelson InvenTeam program. Through the program, the school has received a $10,000 grant for a team of students to invent a self-installable heads-up display for automotive use and a $4,000 grant to invent an industrial sized robotic vacuum/floor cleaning system. The former campus near downtown was demolished in 2009.
Academics.
Hillsboro High School has offered the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme since 2003, and in 2009, the school began offering the Middle Years Programme. Additionally, the school has an ASPIRE program, and a robotics team.
2004-2005 Graduation Rate: 84.1%
In 2008, 80% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 364 students, 293 graduated, 39 dropped out, 3 received a modified diploma, and 29 are still in high school.
Athletics.
Hilhi, known as the Spartans, competes in the Pacific Conference at the OSAA class 6A level. Next year the school will be moving down to 5A league play due to enrollment numbers dropping. School colors are royal blue, white, and red, and the school's athletic director is Steve Drake.
Cross-town school Glencoe is Hilhi's arch-rival after Glencoe became the second high school in the district in 1980. The football rivalry was featured on the Great American Rivalries series in October 2007, as teams play for bragging rights at the shared Hare Field. The 2009 game featured a 61 yard Hail Mary pass at the end of the game caught by Colt Lyerla for a touchdown after time expired to give Hilhi the victory. The play was named as ESPN's top play of the day and of the week. That season the team finished ranked number one in their classification and won the state title, the first in football since 1973.
Mouse Davis, an early proponent of the Run and Shoot football offense, coached Hillsboro High to the 1973 state championship. Oregon Sports Hall of Fame coach Ad Rutschman coached the baseball team from 1955 to 1968 before moving on to Linfield College. Rutschman also led the Spartans to a state championship in football in 1966 with a 17-2 victory over South Salem. Since 1965, the school has used Hare Field for football, baseball, and track.

</doc>
<doc id="5864936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864936" title="Michael Armitage (politician)">
Michael Armitage (politician)

Dr Michael Harry Armitage (born 3 May 1949) is a former Australian politician. He was a Liberal Party of Australia member of the South Australian House of Assembly between 1989 and 2002, representing the electorate of Adelaide.
Armitage held portfolios including Minister for Health, Minister for Aboriginal Affairs, Minister for Disability Services, Minister for Government Enterprises, Minister for Administrative and Information Services, Minister for Government Enterprises, Minister Assisting the Premier for Information Economy, Minister for Government Enterprises and Minister for Information Economy.
Armitage retired at the 2002 election, and the preselected Liberal candidate, Deputy Mayor Michael Harbison, lost the seat to former Mayor Jane Lomax-Smith.
In 2005, he was appointed as CEO of the Australian Health Insurance Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5864938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864938" title="Empire of China (1915–16)">
Empire of China (1915–16)

The Empire of China () was a short-lived attempt by statesman and general Yuan Shikai from late 1915 to early 1916 to reinstate monarchy in China, with himself as the Hongxian Emperor (). The attempt was ultimately a failure, but it set back the Chinese republican cause by many years and fractured China into a period of conflict between various local warlords.
Preparations for formation.
After Yuan Shikai was installed as the second Provisional Great President of the Republic of China, he took various steps to consolidate his power and remove opposition leaders from office. To secure his own power he collaborated with various European powers as well as Japan. Around August 1915, he instructed Yang Du (楊度) "et al." to canvass support for a return of a monarchy. On 11 December 1915, an assembly unanimously elected him as Emperor. Yuan ceremonially declined, but "relented" and immediately agreed when the National Assembly petitioned again that day. On 12 December, Yuan, supported by his son Yuan Keding, declared the Empire of China with himself as the "Great Emperor of the Chinese Empire" (), taking the era name Hongxian (, "Constitutional Abundance"). However, Yuan delayed the accession rites until 1 January 1916. A dress rehearsal was sabotaged by his Korean concubine. Soon after, Yuan started handing out titles of peerage to his closest relatives and friends, as well as those whom he thought he could buy with titles.
The Aisin Gioro family, then living within the Forbidden City but as foreign monarchs rather than Chinese ones, "approved" of Yuan's accession, and even proposed a "royal marriage" of Yuan's daughter to Puyi.
Backlash.
1916 was to be "Hongxian Year 1" (洪憲元年) rather than "Republic Year 5" (民國五年), but Yuan was opposed by not only the revolutionaries, but far more importantly by his subordinate military commanders, who believed that Yuan's assumption of the monarchy would allow him to rule without depending on the support of the military.
Province after province rebelled after his inauguration, starting with Yunnan, led by Yuan's governor Cai E and general Tang Jiyao and Jiangxi, led by governor Li Liejun (李烈鈞). The revolters formed the National Protection Army (護國軍) and thus began the National Protection War. This was followed by other provinces declaring independence from the Empire. Yuan's Beiyang generals, whose soldiers had not received pay once from the imperial government, did not put up an aggressive campaign against the National Protection Army and the Beiyang Army suffered numerous defeats despite being better trained and equipped than the National Protection Army.
Seeing Yuan's weakness and unpopularity, foreign powers withdrew their support (but did not choose sides in the war). The Empire of Japan first threatened to invade, then committed to overthrowing Yuan Shikai and recognised both sides of the conflict to be "in a state of war" and allowed Japanese citizens to help the Republicans. Faced with universal opposition, Yuan repeatedly delayed the accession rites to appease his foes. Funding for the ceremony was cut on 1 March. Yuan deliberated abandoning the monarchy with Liang Shiyi on 17 March and abandoned it on 22 March. The "Hongxian" year was abolished on 23 March and the "Republic" calendrical system restored. Yuan reigned a total of 83 days.
After Yuan's death on 5 June Vice President Li Yuanhong assumed the presidency, and appointed Beiyang general Duan Qirui as his Premier and restored the National Assembly and the provisional Constitution. However, the central authority of the Beijing government was significantly weakened and the demise of Yuan's Empire plunged China into a period of warlordism.
National symbols.
Although the name of the country in Chinese was changed to the "Empire of China" (and "Hongxian" for state matters), Yuan continued to use "Republic of China" as the English name.
Yuan set up the Ritual Regulations Office (禮制館), which issued the new official anthem for the Republic of China ""China heroically stands in the Universe"" (中華雄立宇宙間) on June 1915. Its lyrics were written by Yin Chang (廕昌) and music by Wang Lu (王露). The lyrics was slightly modified on December 1915, with 共和五族 (Five Races Under One Union) replaced by 勳華揖讓 (Shanrang, the ancient system of Chinese emperor relinquishing seats to others in Yao and Shun's era. ) to be used during Yuan's imperial reign.
Yao was a legendary Chinese ruler. The era of "Yao" and "Shun" (堯天舜日) is a Four-character idiom which means times of peace and prosperity.
The national flag was changed from the original 5-stripe flag to one (with the symmetrical cross, pictured above) that emphasised Han (red) administration over the Manchu, Mongolian, Uighur and Tibetan minorities of the country. However, the flag with a saltire was the version commonly used.
The national emblem was remained as the national emblem of the Republic of China (1913 - 1928), National emblem of Twelve Symbols of Sovereignty (十二章國徽).

</doc>
<doc id="5864947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864947" title="Wonderful Grand Band">
Wonderful Grand Band

The Wonderful Grand Band is a Canadian music and comedy group formed in 1978 in St. John's.
The group had a short-lived eponymous television musical variety show on CBC Television, producing over 40 half-hour episodes between 1980 and 1983. The show starred Hynes, Morris, Perry (later replaced by Warden, who died in 1999), Simmons (later replaced by Annan, who died in 2010), Russell (later replaced by Snider), and Wiseman (later replaced by Stamp), as well as CODCO comedians Greg Malone and Tommy Sexton, who died in 1993. The show combined original and traditional music with topical comedy sketches and satire, some of which was directed at the CBC itself.
The band reunited in 2009 for a series of concerts throughout Newfoundland and Labrador, in conjunction with the release of two DVDs containing 12 episodes of the TV show. A second, one-off reunion was held in August, 2012 at a Ron Hynes concert held before Hynes entered treatment for throat cancer.
Members.
Hynes, Simmons, Perry, Snider and Stamp reunited for one night only in St. John's in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5864951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864951" title="List of Anapidae species">
List of Anapidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Anapidae as of June 21, 2013.
Acrobleps.
"Acrobleps" Hickman, 1979
Anapis.
"Anapis" Simon, 1895
Anapisona.
"Anapisona" Gertsch, 1941
Borneanapis.
"Borneanapis" Snazell, 2009
Caledanapis.
"Caledanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Chasmocephalon.
"Chasmocephalon" O. P.-Cambridge, 1889
Comaroma.
"Comaroma" Bertkau, 1889
Conculus.
"Conculus" Komatsu, 1940
Crassanapis.
"Crassanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Crozetulus.
"Crozetulus" Hickman, 1939
Dippenaaria.
"Dippenaaria" Wunderlich, 1995
Elanapis.
"Elanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Enielkenie.
"Enielkenie" Ono, 2007
Forsteriola.
"Forsteriola" Brignoli, 1981
Gaiziapis.
"Gaiziapis" Miller, Griswold & Yin, 2009
Gertschanapis.
"Gertschanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1990
Hickmanapis.
"Hickmanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Mandanapis.
"Mandanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Maxanapis.
"Maxanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Metanapis.
"Metanapis" Brignoli, 1981
Minanapis.
"Minanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Montanapis.
"Montanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Nortanapis.
"Nortanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Novanapis.
"Novanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Octanapis.
"Octanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Paranapis.
"Paranapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Pecanapis.
"Pecanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Pseudanapis.
"Pseudanapis" Simon, 1905
Queenslanapis.
"Queenslanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Risdonius.
"Risdonius" Hickman, 1939
Sheranapis.
"Sheranapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Sinanapis.
"Sinanapis" Wunderlich & Song, 1995
Sofanapis.
"Sofanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Spinanapis.
"Spinanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Tasmanapis.
"Tasmanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Victanapis.
"Victanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989
Zangherella.
"Zangherella" Caporiacco, 1949
Zealanapis.
"Zealanapis" Platnick & Forster, 1989

</doc>
<doc id="5864957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864957" title="List of Antrodiaetidae species">
List of Antrodiaetidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Antrodiaetidae as of Oct. 23, 2013.
Aliatypus.
"Aliatypus" Smith, 1908
Antrodiaetus.
"Antrodiaetus" Ausserer, 1871

</doc>
<doc id="5864967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864967" title="2010 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament">
2010 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament

The 2010 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 65 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball as a culmination of the 2009–10 basketball season. It began on March 16, 2010, and concluded with the championship game on April 5 at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana, to become champion. It was the first Final Four at Lucas Oil Stadium; the RCA Dome and Market Square Arena hosted past Final Fours when the event was held in Indianapolis.
The Final Four consisted of Duke, making their first appearance since 2004, West Virginia, who were making their second appearance and first since 1959, Butler, considered the host school and making their first ever appearance, and Michigan State, the national runner-up from 2009 appearing in the Final Four for the sixth time under head coach Tom Izzo.
When Duke and Butler played each other in the tournament final, it was the first title game between private universities in 25 years (Villanova and Georgetown met in 1985), and the fifth such matchup in history (1942, 1954, and 1955 having been the other years).
Duke defeated Butler 61-59 in the championship game as Gordon Hayward's last second desperation shot clanged off the rim. It was Duke's first national championship since 2001 and fourth overall.
Entering the tournament, the top four seeds were Kansas, Duke, Kentucky, and Syracuse. Kansas entered the tournament as the overall number one seed but, as had happened several times in the past, they failed to advance deep into the tournament and were defeated on opening weekend by Northern Iowa, the #9 seed in the Midwest region. Northern Iowa was one of four teams seeded lower than #8 to advance to the Sweet Sixteen, joining East Region #11 seed Washington and #12 seed Cornell and South Region #10 seed St. Mary's.
For the first time since 2006, a #14 seed advanced out of the first round as Ohio defeated Georgetown in the sub-regionals at Dunkin' Donuts Center. The #13 seed in the West Region, Murray State, defeated Vanderbilt marking the second consecutive year that the Commodores lost as a #4 seed. Murray State very nearly upset Butler in their next game, losing by two.
One of the more exciting games of the tournament was played at the West Regional in Salt Lake City, as #6 Xavier took #2 Kansas State to two overtimes before falling 101-96. Jordan Crawford hit a three-pointer with seconds remaining in the first overtime period to force a second.
Tournament procedure.
A total of 65 teams were selected for the tournament. Thirty of the teams earned automatic bids by winning their conference tournaments. The automatic bid of the Ivy League, which does not conduct a postseason tournament, went to Cornell, its regular season champion. The remaining 34 teams were granted at-large bids, which are extended by the NCAA Selection Committee.
Two teams play an opening-round game, popularly called the play-in game; the winner of that game advances to the main draw of the tournament and plays a top seed in one of the regionals. The 2010 game was played on March 16 at University of Dayton Arena in Dayton, Ohio, as it has been since its inception in 2001. The University of Dayton hosted the game.
All 64 teams are seeded 1 to 16 within their regions; the winner of the play-in game automatically receives a 16 seed. The Selection Committee seeds the entire field from 1 to 65. UCLA athletic director Dan Guerrero took over as chair of the Division I Men's Basketball Committee.
Defending champion North Carolina did not qualify for the tournament, while two schools made their first post-season appearance: Southern Conference champion Wofford and SWAC champion Arkansas-Pine Bluff. Conference USA champion Houston made its first NCAA Tournament appearance in 18 years.
The first and second round games were played at the following sites:
The 2010 regional sites were:
Each regional winner advanced to the Final Four, held on April 3 and 5 in Indianapolis, Indiana at Lucas Oil Stadium, hosted by the Horizon League and Butler University, as per the NCAA's mandate that one Final Four is held every five years in the city that houses the NCAA's headquarters. With Butler's win in the West Regional final, this marked the first time since 1972 that the host city had a home team in the Final Four (when UCLA went) and the first time that a host school played in the Final Four since Louisville did so in 1959.
Bracket.
Results to date 
All times in U.S. EDT.
Opening Round Game – Dayton, Ohio.
Winner advanced as 16th seed in South Regional vs. (1) Duke.
Game summaries.
Midwest Region.
First round.
The biggest upset of the first day came in Providence, Rhode Island, where the 14th-seeded Ohio Bobcats defeated 3 seed Georgetown in convincing fashion, 97–83, for their first tournament win since 1983, when Ohio ousted Illinois State in the first round of that tournament. Armon Bassett scored 32 points for the Bobcats, who shot 57 percent from the field and made 13 of 23 3-pointers. They advanced to face Tennessee, the sixth seed in the region. The Volunteers held off 11 seed San Diego State, 62–59, on head coach Bruce Pearl's 50th birthday. J. P. Prince and Melvin Goins scored 15 points each for Tennessee.
In Oklahoma City, Ali Farokhmanesh drilled a 3-pointer with 4.9 seconds remaining to lift ninth-seeded Northern Iowa over the UNLV Runnin' Rebels. It was the Panthers' first tournament win since 1990. UNI advanced to face the Kansas Jayhawks. The top seed withheld an effort by Lehigh, trailing the 16th seed early in the game and leading by just 6 at halftime before pulling away midway in the second half for a 90–74 win.
On the second day of play, the 10 seed Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets did not make a single field goal in the final 8:19 of play, but sank 13 free throws to hold off No. 7 Oklahoma State, 64–59, in Milwaukee. Gani Lawal led Georgia Tech with 14 points. The Yellow Jackets advanced to play Ohio State, who defeated UC Santa Barbara 68–51. Buckeye star Evan Turner struggled from the field, shooting 2 of 13 and scoring 9 points, and the Gauchos put up a fight playing from behind most of the game.
Rounding out the Midwest bracket were Maryland and Michigan State in Spokane, Washington. The Terrapins beat Houston 89–77 behind a career-high 21 points and 17 rebounds from freshman Jordan Williams, while the Spartans edged New Mexico State, 70–67. The end of the game included a controversial lane violation call on Aggies player Troy Gillenwater with 18.6 seconds left that allowed MSU to reshoot a missed free throw and extend its lead to 3.
Second round.
Northern Iowa stunned the nation by knocking off top overall seed Kansas, 69–67. Leading by just one in the final minute of play, Ali Farokhmanesh clinched the victory for the second time in as many games with a 3-point basket that ESPN's Pat Forde called "the greatest early-round shot in NCAA tournament history." The win was significant for several reasons: it marked the Panthers' first trip ever to the Sweet 16, and was the first time in six years a No. 1 seed was eliminated in the round of 32. It was also the first time since 1962 that a team from the Missouri Valley Conference defeated a top seed in the tournament. Meanwhile, the Michigan State Spartans lost guard Kalin Lucas to a leg injury late in the first half of its game with Maryland. Michigan State extended its halftime lead of 9 to 16 in the second half before falling behind by 1 late after succumbing to Maryland's relentless pressure defense and some spectacular plays by Greivis Vásquez. But Korie Lucious kept MSU from losing the game, hitting a 3-pointer as time ran out to lift his team past the Terrapins, 85–83. Lucas' injury proved to be a torn Achilles tendon, putting the junior out of action for up to six months.
For the third time in four years, Tennessee made it to the regional semifinals with their 83–68 win over Ohio. J. P. Prince scored 18 points for the Volunteers, while Scotty Hopson added 17. In Milwaukee, Ohio State's Evan Turner bounced back from his off-night in the first round, nearly recording a triple-double (24 points, 9 rebounds and 9 assists) as the Buckeyes downed Georgia Tech 75–66.
Regional final (Elite Eight).
Michigan State's Durrell Summers, after scoring 80 points on 54 field goal attempts, was named the region's Most Outstanding Player.
West Region.
First round.
For the second time in three years, the Vanderbilt Commodores were victims of the upset, losing to Murray State on a Danero Thomas shot with time expiring, 66–65, in San Jose, California. Like 2008, when they lost to Siena, Vandy was seeded fourth against the Racers. Murray State advanced to face fifth-seeded Butler, who defeated UTEP, 77–59, after trailing 33–27 at the half. Shelvin Mack led the Bulldogs with 25 points.
Meanwhile, the Florida Gators rallied from a 13-point deficit in Oklahoma City to send their game with BYU to two overtimes. But Florida player Chandler Parsons missed chances to win the game at the end of regulation and the first overtime, and BYU's Jimmer Fredette sealed the 99–92 win with a pair of threes in the second overtime. Fredette finished with 37 points, the eighth time that year he'd scored over 30. BYU's advanced to play Kansas State, who had little trouble with the North Texas Mean Green, winning 82–62.
Five years after Vermont upset Syracuse, the two teams met again in the Big Dance, this time in Buffalo, New York. Unlike the 2005 game, however, Syracuse was able to shut down the Catamounts, winning 79–56. Five players scored in double digits for the Orange. They advanced to play Gonzaga. The Bulldogs had an 18-point led against Florida State, but the Seminoles cut it to five with 2:21 remaining. The Zags survived FSU's comeback, however, by making 8 of 10 free throws down the stretch to seal a 67–60 win.
The last two slots in the West went to Pittsburgh and Xavier. It was a close game between Pittsburgh and Oakland in Milwaukee until Grizzlies forward Derick Nelson received an elbow from Gary McGhee of the Panthers, opening a cut over his left eye that began spurting blood. Immediately after Nelson's departure, Pitt went on a 19–2 run. The Panthers held Oakland to 33 percent in their 89–66 victory. As for Xavier, they beat Minnesota, 65–54. Jordan Crawford, the Xavier player who made national headlines the previous summer when he dunked on LeBron James during a training camp held by the Cleveland Cavaliers superstar, scored 28 points for the Musketeers, 17 of those came in the second half.
Second round.
Murray State had another chance at an upset against Butler, but a 3-point play by Bulldog Ronald Nored dashed those hopes, along with Gordon Hayward deflecting a Racers pass. Butler won 54–52. The Bulldogs' next opponent, top-seeded Syracuse, rolled over Gonzaga, 87–65, with Wes Johnson scoring a career best 31 points and pulling 14 rebounds.
2 seed Kansas State fell behind to BYU early, trailing 10–0 to start the game. But the Wildcats would pull ahead with 4:21 to go in the first half and never relinquished the lead after that, advancing to the next round with an 84–72 win. K-State's Jacob Pullen had a career-high 34 points. And third-seeded Pitt was eliminated by Xavier, 71–68. Jordan Crawford had 27 points for the Musketeers.
Regional semifinals (Sweet Sixteen).
In what Gregg Doyel of CBSSports.com called "one of the best games in the history of the Sweet 16," Kansas State downed Xavier, 101–96, in double overtime in Salt Lake City. The Musketeers' Terrell Holloway made three free throws with 5 seconds remaining in regulation to pull Xavier even with the Wildcats. Down 3 again with the first overtime winding down, Jordan Crawford nailed a 35-foot shot to extend the game further. Jacob Pullen then hit a pair of threes in the second overtime to push K-State over the top.
Syracuse became the second number-one seed to fall, as Butler claimed its first-ever trip to the Elite Eight. The 63–59 win brought the Bulldogs within one win of playing the Final Four in their home city. Trailing by four with 5:23 left, Butler held the Orange scoreless for nearly five minutes, while scoring 11 points of their own, including a 3-point shot by Willie Veasley that bounced high off the rim before hitting the backboard and eventually falling through the net. The win marked Butler's 23rd in a row.
Regional final (Elite Eight).
The West All-Regional team was made of regional MVP Gordon Hayward and Shelvin Mack of Butler, Denis Clemente and Jacob Pullen of Kansas State, and Jordan Crawford of Xavier.
East Region.
First round.
In New Orleans, Ishmael Smith scored a 17-foot jumper with 1.3 seconds left in overtime as Wake Forest defeated Texas, 81–80. The Longhorns, who had been ranked number one as recently as January, but fell to an 8 seed in the tournament, twice trailed by double digits before rallying, then held an eight-point lead before falling. Wake Forest advanced to face top-seeded Kentucky, who breezed past East Tennessee State, 100–71.
A basket by Quincy Pondexter with 1.7 seconds remaining helped the Washington Huskies past Marquette, 80–78, in San Jose. Washington had trailed by 15 with over 13 minutes to go in the second half. The Huskies advanced to face New Mexico, who beat the Montana Grizzlies, 62–57. Roman Martinez scored 19 points for the Lobos, while Darington Hobson had 11 points, 11 rebounds and six assists despite playing with a sprained left wrist.
Ivy League champion Cornell joined the parade of double-digit seeds advancing to the second round with a dominating performance over Temple, 78–65, in Jacksonville, Florida. Louis Dale, Ryan Wittman and Jeff Foote, all seniors for the Big Red, scored 21, 20 and 16 points respectively, and Cornell shot 56 percent from the field overall, making 8 of their first 10 shots and shooting 68 percent in the first half. It was the first tournament win in Big Red history. The Wisconsin Badgers, who Cornell drew next, managed to avoid getting upset itself, beating Wofford in a low-scoring affair, 53–49. A pair of free throws from Jon Leuer with 4.2 seconds on the clock sealed the win for Badgers. Leuer had 20 points on the day.
One year after reaching the Elite Eight, 10th-seeded Missouri knocked off No. 7 Clemson, 86–78, in Buffalo. The Missouri Tigers' defense forced 20 turnovers and stole the ball 15 times in the win, while Kim English and Keith Ramsey had 20 points each offensively. Mizzou advanced to play West Virginia, who started its opening round game trailing Morgan State, 12–3. But the 2 seed hit 8 of its next 11 shots to take the lead for good en route to a 77–50 win.
Second round.
Washington looked nothing like the No. 11 seed in the East, dismantling third-seeded New Mexico, 82–64. With 18 points from Quincy Pondexter and 15 from Isaiah Thomas and Matthew Bryan-Amaning each, the Huskies played their uptempo style to a 12-point lead at halftime that grew to 23 midway through the second half. Washington made the Sweet 16 for the third time since 2005. West Virginia reached the Sweet 16 after beating Missouri, 68–59. Da'Sean Butler had 28 points for the Mountaineers, while the Tigers were plagued by poor shooting from the field and at the line.
It was another blowout for the Kentucky Wildcats as they beat Wake Forest, 90–60. Four players scored in double figures for UK as they built an early cushion, then padded it to 31 points by the second half. The Wildcats became the next hurdle in Cornell's Cinderella season, which continued with an 87–69 pasting of No. 4 Wisconsin. Thanks to 26 points from Louis Dale, another 24 from Ryan Wittman, and a 61 percent shooting effort overall—the highest percentage ever allowed by the Badgers in Bo Ryan's nine-year tenure in Madison—the Big Red became the first team from the Ivy League to reach the round of 16 in more than 30 years.
Regional semifinals (Sweet Sixteen).
The clock struck midnight for 12 seed Cornell and 11 seed Washington. Kentucky put an end to the Big Red's Cinderella run with a 62–45 win in Syracuse, New York. The game started promising for Cornell, as they took a 10–2 lead to the delight of the partisan-Big Red crowd. But a talented Wildcats squad spoiled the party after that with 16 points from DeMarcus Cousins, 12 rebounds from Patrick Patterson and 8 assists from John Wall. West Virginia's 69–56 defeat of the Huskies set up the only 1 vs. 2 regional final in the tournament. The Mountaineers' Kevin Jones led all scorers with 18 points, as West Virginia recorded its 30th win, the most in school history.
South Region.
First round.
Second-seeded Villanova survived a scare in Providence, needing overtime to beat Robert Morris, 73–70. Scottie Reynolds was kept from the starting lineup for undisclosed reasons (Coach Jay Wright said he wanted to make a "teaching point"), and even though he scored 20 points, he only made 2 of 15 shots from the field. Mezie Nwigwe had a chance to send the game to a second overtime for the Colonials, but missed a 3-pointer as time ran out. Villanova plays Saint Mary's of California in the second round. The Gaels beat Richmond, 80–71, advancing for the first time in over 50 years.
Contributing to the Big East Conference's woes on day one of the tournament was Notre Dame's 51–50 loss to Old Dominion in New Orleans. The Fighting Irish opened the second half with a 30–22 lead before the Monarchs went on a 9–0 run to take the lead. The game remained close until the end, when Notre Dame's Carleton Scott attempted a 3-point basket that ended up rattling around the rim before falling out. A putback from Luke Harangody at the buzzer was not enough for the Irish. Old Dominion advanced to face Baylor in the round of 32. In a close game with Sam Houston State, the Bears used an 8–0 run in the final minutes to take the 68–59 victory.
Arkansas-Pine Bluff won the play-in game on March 16, 2010, by beating Winthrop, 61–44. But they proved to be no match for the No. 1-seed Duke Blue Devils, who blew the Golden Lions out, 73–44, in Jacksonville. Kyle Singler had 22 points and 10 rebounds for Duke, who led 39–20 at the break. Duke advanced to face California in the second round. The Golden Bears rode a rollercoaster with Louisville, leading the Cardinals by 18 before having their lead cut to 6, then pulling back out to a 14-point advantage before Louisville brought it back to within 4. But Cal ended the game with a 15–4 run to win, 77–62.
Finally, in Spokane, the fourth-seeded Purdue Boilermakers had a go of it with upset specialist Siena, trailing the Saints 32–29 at halftime before racing to a 14-point lead to open the second half. Siena would pull within 3 with just over a minute remaining, but Purdue held on for the 72–64 win, spoiling the predictions of some fans and even President Barack Obama that Siena would make the Boilers their latest victim. They advanced to play Texas A&M, who defeated Utah State, 69–53, behind 19 points from freshman Khris Middleton.
Second round.
After barely beating Robert Morris in the first round, Villanova could not withstand the Gael storm from St. Mary's. Omar Samhan scored 32 points and grabbed seven rebounds as the No. 10 seed took down Nova, 75–68. Afterwards, Samhan called the game his "best win ever." Wildcat Scottie Reynolds remained in his funk to end the season, netting just 8 points. Trailing by as many as 14 in the first half and 38–28 at halftime, Old Dominion went on a 9–0 run against Baylor at the start of the second half, then took the lead, 49–47, on free throws from Kent Bazemore. But Baylor would close the door on the upset bid with an 8–1 run to end the game, winning 76–68. The Bears' LaceDarius Dunn led all scorers with 26 points, while 7-foot center Josh Lomers had eight rebounds to go with his career high 14 points.
Chris Kramer's layup with 4.2 seconds left in overtime gave Purdue a 63–61 win over Texas A&M. Kramer finished with 17 points as the Boilermakers came back from a 7-point deficit at halftime. They advanced to face Duke in the Sweet 16. The Blue Devils beat California, 68–53, behind 20 points from Nolan Smith, 17 points from Kyle Singler and 14 points and 13 rebounds from Brian Zoubek. This was the 19th time under head coach Mike Krzyzewski Duke reached the round of 16.
Regional final (Elite Eight).
Duke defeated Baylor 78–71, in front of a practically home crowd for Baylor in Houston, Texas. Nolan Smith was named game MVP with 29 points, while Lance Thomas also had a career high 8 offensive rebounds.
Final Four.
On April 3, 2010, Butler Bulldogs, playing in their hometown, faced off against Michigan State Spartans. In a tough, physical game, the Bulldogs, despite going more than 11 minutes without a field goal, were able to hang on after forcing Michigan State into 16 turnovers and holding the Spartans to zero fast-break points. The Bulldogs also out-rebounded Michigan State on the offensive glass, 11 to 8. With the victory, Butler became the fourth team in NCAA tournament history to hold its first five opponents under 60 points.
On April 3, 2010, Duke, the #1 seed from the South and West Virginia Mountaineers, the #2 seed from the East, squared off in the second of the Final Four games. Duke showed its full potential in the game, hitting 52.7 percent of its shots (and 52 percent of its three-pointers) while shredding West Virginia's 1-3-1 zone trap. Duke led 39–31 at the half and maintained its red-hot shooting in the second half. The highlight of the game came when Nolan Smith missed a contested, fast-break layup, but Kyle Singler and Miles Plumlee combined to slam home the rebound to give Duke a 14-point lead. Plumlee was credited with the dunk. Kyle Singler scored 21 points for the Blue Devils and Nolan Smith added 19 points and six assists. With the victory, Duke advanced to its 10th NCAA Championship game.
National championship.
On April 5, 2010, Butler and Duke faced off in what "The New York Times" called "the most eagerly awaited championship game in years". 
Butler became the first team to play in the championship game in its home city since UCLA in 1968.
Duke jumped out to a quick 6–1 lead to start the game, but Butler rallied back, taking a 12–11 lead at the 12:28 mark of the first half. At the under eight-minute TV timeout, Butler held a 20–18 lead. After the timeout, Duke went on an 8–0 run to take a 26–20 lead. Butler coach Brad Stevens then called a timeout. With starters Matt Howard and Ronald Nored on the bench in foul trouble, backup center Avery Jukes came up big for Butler. Jukes hit two three-pointers and a made tip-in en route to 10 first half points, tying his single-game season high. At half time, Duke's lead stood at 33–32.
The second half was played very closely, with neither team taking a lead larger than two points until a Brian Zoubek layup put Duke up 47–43 with 12:27 remaining. Butler stayed close, keeping within 5 points the rest of the way. With 3:16 to play, Duke took a 60–55 lead on two made free throws by Nolan Smith. Butler missed its next shot, but forced a missed shot and turned Duke over after an offensive rebound. Matt Howard made a layup for Butler to make it a 60–57 game with 1:44 remaining. Smith missed a layup for Duke and Howard got another layup after collecting an offensive rebound on missed three-pointer by Shelvin Mack. Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski then called a time out. Kyle Singler missed an open jump shot with 36 seconds remaining, giving Butler a chance to take the lead. Butler was unable to initiate their offense and Stevens called a timeout to set up a play. They were then forced to call their last timeout when they were unable to get the ball in-bounds. Gordon Hayward then missed a short fade-away jumper. Zoubek came down with the rebound, forcing Butler to foul with 3.6 seconds remaining. Zoubek made the first foul shot and then intentionally missed the second, knowing Butler had no timeouts remaining. Hayward was forced to throw up a desperation shot from half court. The ball bounced off the backboard and then the rim. According to analysis by ESPN, Hayward's aim was off by three inches, or less than one degree, on the x-axis. Because a made three-point shot would have resulted in a loss for Duke, some pundits criticized Krzyzewski for his decision to have Zoubek miss the second free throw intentionally. Other pundits however ran various analysis that indicated that it was statistically the correct call.
The 61–59 victory earned Krzyzewski his fourth national championship crown, his second in ten years. The game was the most watched finale in more than 10 years, pulling in average of viewers in the United States. Kyle Singler earned Most Outstanding Player honors with 19 points and eight rebounds.
Record by conference.
The columns R32, S16, E8, F4, and CG respectively stand for the Round of 32, Sweet Sixteen, Elite Eight, Final Four, and Championship Game.
Media.
Television.
For the 29th consecutive year, CBS Sports again televised a majority of the event, with the exception of the opening round game, which was televised by ESPN, and first round games played in the late afternoon, which CBS College Sports Network aired so CBS affiliates could break for local and network news. The championship game scored a Nielson rating of 16.0.
In addition to the main CBS affiliates, many stations opened digital subchannels for additional coverage. Also, on these four occasions, CBS opened the coverage to additional channels to settle conflicts:
WSPA and WYCW are in a duopoly owned by Media General, and KTVT and KTXA are in a duopoly owned by CBS Corporation.
Radio.
Westwood One again broadcast the tournament.
Final Four.
John Tautges again served as host of the broadcasts.
International broadcasters.
Broadcasters used the CBS feed unless stated otherwise.
Courts.
After experimenting with custom-made courts during the previous year's tournament, the NCAA began importing custom-made identical portable courts and Spalding backboard supports (if needed) to all tournament sites in 2010. The custom court began with the 1986 Final Four and was expanded for identical courts in 2007 for the regional semi-final and final round sites, before being used for all sites starting in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5864968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864968" title="French legislative election, 1967">
French legislative election, 1967

French legislative elections took place on 5 and 12 March 1967 to elect the 3rd National Assembly of the Fifth Republic.
In December 1965, Charles de Gaulle was re-elected President of France in the first Presidential election by universal suffrage. However, contrary to predictions, there had been a second ballot. This election marked a process of rebuilding by the opposition.
François Mitterrand's unexpected result, as De Gaulle's challenger in the second round of the presidential election, allowed him to establish himself as the leader of the non-Communist Left. He led the Federation of the Democratic and Socialist Left (FGDS), composed of the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO, socialist party), the Radical Party and several left-wing republican clubs, which concluded an electoral agreement with the French Communist Party (PCF).
The centrist and right-wing opposition to de Gaulle gathered in the Democratic Centre led by Jean Lecanuet, the "third man" of 1965 presidential election. However some centrists refused to integrate into this group and joined the Gaullist Party, which became the Union of Democrats for the Fifth Republic (UD5) 
Prime Minister Georges Pompidou led the campaign of the incumbent majority, but this was divided. In January 1966, a cabinet reshuffle took place. The Independent Republicans (RI) leader and Economy minister Valéry Giscard d'Estaing was dismissed from the cabinet. His group stayed in the Presidential Majority but with a more critical position. He summed up this attitude by a "yes, but..." to Gaullist policies.
The result of the first round was perceived as a punishment against the Presidential Majority, which obtained a surprisingly low result. The outcome of the second round depended on the centrist voters. The Gaullists warned voters against a return to the Fourth Republic, political instability and "Communist danger". The alliance between centrists and the candidates of the Presidential Majority in some constituencies explained the victory of the Right in the second round. 
The Left improved in comparison with the previous legislative election and the Presidential Majority won with only a one seat majority. The centrist deputies were not numerous enough numerous to force the Gaullists to make compromises. Georges Pompidou was confirmed as Prime minister of a UDR-RI cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="5864994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864994" title="Muslim Nationalist Party">
Muslim Nationalist Party

The Muslim Nationalist Party was a political party in pre-independence India by M. C. Chagla. Its most prominent leader was Asaf Ali. The party was founded on grounds of support for the Indian independence movement and opposition to the All India Muslim League and the partition of India. The party did not explicitly support or associate itself with the Indian National Congress, but did endorse secularism and a united India. 

</doc>
<doc id="5864997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5864997" title="Arbedo-Castione">
Arbedo-Castione

Arbedo-Castione is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
The Early Bronze Age Hoard of Castione (from about 1800 BC.) contains material from north of the Alps. This large find indicates that the area was an important trading and transportation center during the Bronze Age. A Late Bronze Age settlement (from about 1300 BC.) is indicated by evidence of digging and traces of a number of cremation sites. The bulk of the finds come from the five groups of tombs at Castione, Castione-Bergamo, Cerinasca d'Arbedo, Molinazzo d'Arbedo and S. Paolo d'Arbedo, which are dated to the Hallstatt and Latène eras. The tombs were discovered at the end of the 19th Century during the construction of the Gotthard Railway, but probably were only partially excavated. Most of the finds are in Swiss National Museum.
Starting in the 6th Century, both buried cremation urns and full body graves became common, though later only bodies were buried. The cremation ashes were buried in stone cists or pits, while bodies were buried in stone lined tombs under deck plates were made of gneiss. The dead were buried with their possessions (brooches, belts and jewelry). In the Latène era, isolated swords and helmets were added to the men's graves. The women's graves began to contain a number of amber objects, such as earrings and necklaces. Within the grave there were also containers, usually made of clay (pots, bowls, cups, cans), or occasionally bronze (Situlae or beak jugs). While these are a few imports from Etruria (8 beak jug, 1 bucket), most of the items were produced in the area. The large bronze hoard of Arbedo dates from the period around 450 BC. Over 4,000 items were discovered in Arbedo along with smelting furnaces and workshop waste. In addition to local products, there are numerous important Etruscan and northern Alpine objects.
While a specific foundation date is still unknown, numerous grave groups close to a settlement on the valley floor date from the 6th Century. Together with the graves near Como and Castelletto Ticino-Golasecca, Arbedo-Castione formed the third center of the Golasecca culture. The settlement occupied a key position on major trade routes, as imports from Etruria and from north of the Alps indicate. The hoard of Arbedo shows that there were also workshops for the population. The graves at Arbedo also document the gallic invasion of the Po river valley around 390 BC. A few Roman era objects have been discovered at Castione and S. Paolo d'Arbedo.
Several 7th Century graves have been discovered, one is at the Church of S. Paolo and six are in Castione. One of the graves contained a gold coin with the name of the Lombard King Agilulf. The graves surround the original church of S. Paolo and indicate that Lombards family had a presence in the valley and may have had a family chapel there. The building is close to the castrum of Bellinzona, where the Lombards had settled in 590. Additionally, it was right next to the old main road leading from Castelseprio at Varese on the Monte Ceneri to Lukmanier Pass. Throughout the Middle Ages Arbedo was an important transit point on the routes over several central Alpine passes. The natural barriers of the Ticino and Moesa provided excellent defenses for the village and made it a gateway to Bellinzona. However, its position led to frequent battles around and in Arbedo. The Battle of Arbedo in 1422 ended Swiss territorial expansion for some time. The 1449 Battle of Castione ended when the Condottiere Giovanni della Noce burned the village down and forced the armies of Uri and its allies to flee into the Val Mesolcina.
Arbedo and Castione are first mentioned in 1195 as "Erbedum". In 1237 it was mentioned as "Castillionum". In a book of records for the city of Como from 1335 the village of "Pitadino" which might correspond to Castione.
Two churches are mentioned at the bridge over the Moesa, though they no longer exist. The church of S. Christopher was built in 1284 and the church of S. Elena was from 1441. It is likely that they were destroyed when the river flooded. At the center of Arbedo was the church of Santa Maria, which became a parish church in 1583.
A pillar-supported wooden bridge was built over the Moesa during the Middle Ages. The bridge maintenance was paid for by the village of the County of Bellinzona, which included Arbedo. The bridge was in a strategic position and in 1495 it was destroyed to slow the Swiss Confederation army. The army then turned and marched in the direction of Lombardy. Also important for trader traffic the stone bridge over the stream Traversagna, which was built in 1485. In the southern foreland, various canals were built which supplied water and power to mills and sawmills that were used throughout the region. 
Today, Arbedo is a residential suburb of Bellinzona and the center of small and medium-sized industrial and service enterprises (quarries, gravel and sand extraction, storage). The Valle di Arbedo still has extensive forest resources though some of the trees were destroyed in a 1928 by a landslide on Mount Arbino.
Geography.
Arbedo-Castione has an area, , of . Of this area, or 6.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 77.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 8.8% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.8% is either rivers or lakes and or 4.0% is unproductive land. 
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 1.8% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 2.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 2.8%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 1.3% of the area. Out of the forested land, 74.5% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 2.6% is used for growing crops and 2.9% is used for alpine pastures. Of the water in the municipality, 0.2% is in lakes and 1.6% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 3.1% is unproductive vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Bellinzona district on the left bank of the Moesa river near the confluence with the Tessin river, south of Piz de Molinera. It consists of the villages of Arbedo and Castione.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure a Lion passant Argent holding a Palm Branch Vert between three Mullets Or on a Bridge of the last in its Arch three barrulets engrailed."
Demographics.
Arbedo-Castione has a population () of . , 29.5% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 3.6%. Most of the population () speaks Italian(88.8%), with German being second most common ( 3.7%) and Serbo-Croatian being third ( 2.4%). 
Of the Swiss national languages (), 139 speak German, 43 people speak French and 3,313 people speak Italian. The remainder (234 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.7% male and 50.3% female. The population was made up of 1,411 Swiss men (33.6% of the population), and 678 (16.1%) non-Swiss men. There were 1,583 Swiss women (37.7%), and 528 (12.6%) non-Swiss women. 
In there were 22 live births to Swiss citizens and 9 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 22 deaths of Swiss citizens and 3 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens remained the same while the foreign population increased by 6. There was 1 Swiss man, 1 Swiss woman who emigrated from Switzerland to another country, 31 non-Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland to another country and 15 non-Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 62 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 53 people. This represents a population growth rate of 2.9%. 
The age distribution, , in Arbedo-Castione is; 387 children or 9.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 411 teenagers or 9.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 492 people or 11.7% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 549 people or 13.1% are between 30 and 39, 742 people or 17.7% are between 40 and 49, and 612 people or 14.6% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 500 people or 11.9% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 338 people or 8.0% are between 70 and 79, there are 169 people or 4.0% who are between 80 and 89.
, there were 1,452 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.5 persons per household. there were 695 single family homes (or 74.3% of the total) out of a total of 935 inhabited buildings. There were 120 two family buildings (12.8%) and 87 multi-family buildings (9.3%). There were also 33 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.91%. Of the apartments, a total of 1,431 apartments (88.4% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 107 apartments (6.6%) were seasonally occupied and 80 apartments (4.9%) were empty. there were 1,618 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 626. There were 62 single room apartments and 384 apartments with five or more rooms. , the construction rate of new housing units was 9.7 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Church of S. Paolo detta Chiesa Rossa is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 30.47% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (22.37%), the CVP (19.66%) and the Ticino League (14.3%). In the federal election, a total of 1,080 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 46.6%.
In the "Ticino Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 2,312 registered voters in Arbedo-Castione, of which 1,584 or 68.5% voted. 23 blank ballots and 3 null ballots were cast, leaving 1,558 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 368 or 23.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 365 or 23.4%), the PS (with 270 or 17.3%) and the LEGA (with 226 or 14.5%).
In the "Ticino Consiglio di Stato" election, there were 13 blank ballots and 6 null ballots, which left 1,566 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 333 or 21.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 329 or 21.0%), the LEGA (with 314 or 20.1%) and the SSI (with 311 or 19.9%).
Economy.
, Arbedo-Castione had an unemployment rate of 4.81%. , there were 23 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 10 businesses involved in this sector. 393 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 42 businesses in this sector. 788 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 93 businesses in this sector. 
There were 1,767 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 38.5% of the workforce. , there were 439 workers who commuted into the municipality and 1,350 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 3.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 6.6% of the workforce coming into Arbedo-Castione are coming from outside Switzerland. 
Of the working population, 11.1% used public transportation to get to work, and 64.2% used a private car. 
, there was one hotel in Arbedo-Castione.
Religion.
From the , 2,961 or 79.4% were Roman Catholic, while 156 or 4.2% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 461 individuals (or about 12.36% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 151 individuals (or about 4.05% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Arbedo-Castione about 58.1% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Arbedo-Castione there are a total of 682 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Arbedo-Castione there are 126 children in kindergarten. 
The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 163 students attend the standard primary schools and 15 students attend the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There are 162 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 73 students are in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There are 35 vocational students who are attending school full-time and 92 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There are 15 students in the professional program. 
, there were 299 students in Arbedo-Castione who came from another municipality, while 165 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Arbedo-Castione is served by the Castione-Arbedo station, situated within the municipality. The station is on the Gotthard railway and the Ferrovia Mesolcinese tourist railway.

</doc>
<doc id="5865024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865024" title="IF Boltic">
IF Boltic

IF Boltic was a Swedish sports club from the town Karlstad. It existed from 1946 to 2000. In 2000, IF Boltic was merged with IF Göta and formed the new club BS BolticGöta.
IF Boltic was for a number of years the most successful bandy team in Sweden and also one of the best in the world. IF Boltic is to date the only club which has managed to become Swedish champion for both men and women the same year.
After the 2007/08 season the name IF Boltic is used again for the new club, but the formal name of the new club is still BS BolticGöta.
Men's team.
IF Boltic was founded in 1946 in Herrhagen in Karlstad. Originally, the club did not only play bandy, but had also sections for handball and association football. The name Boltic was created due to the interest for British football, by adding the beginning of Bolton to the end of Celtic. Together, this makes Boltic.
In the early and mid-1980s IF Boltic dominated Swedish bandy and became Swedish champions eight times from 1979 to 1988, all years except for 1986 and 1987 when they lost the finals against Vetlanda BK and IFK Motala respectively. Another national championship was won in 1995. The team also won the World Cup and the European Cup a number of times.
Women's team.
IF Boltic were also successful in women's bandy where they were dominant in the 1980s and reached the final of the women's Swedish masters in nine successive seasons, winning six of them.

</doc>
<doc id="5865042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865042" title="HEMP Legalise Marijuana">
HEMP Legalise Marijuana

HEMP in this context, is an acronym for Help End Marijuana Prohibition, a minority political party in South Australia. They have run in the upper house with noticeable results, through various South Australian legislative elections, their best in the 1997 state election.

</doc>
<doc id="5865046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865046" title="Motuihe Island">
Motuihe Island

Motuihe Island lies between Motutapu and Waiheke islands in the Hauraki Gulf of New Zealand, near Auckland. The island measures about , of which around are remnants of coastal forest. The island is a recreation reserve controlled by the Department of Conservation (DOC) and administered by the Motuihe Trust. It is a popular spot for day trips, accessible by 30-minute ferry trip from Auckland, by seaplane, or by private boat. The island is known for its beautiful beaches.
The name comes from "Te Motu-a-Ihenga", meaning 'Ihenga's Island' in Māori.
History.
The small island has had a colourful human history. Starting out as a Māori settlement place, at least two pā fortification sites are known on the island. The locals are said to have grown gourds and taro. Very soon after arrival of the Europeans in the area, in 1839, the island was purchased, and farming began in the 1840s. Groves of Norfolk pines and olive trees are remnants of this time.
A quarantine station was built on the western section of the island in 1873. It was first used in 1874 for scarlet fever arriving on an inbound ship and operated for almost 50 years, slowly growing in size. During the First World War, the station was used as an internment camp whose most famous prisoner was Count Felix von Luckner and his crew of the commerce raider "SMS Seeadler (Windjammer)". Luckner organised an escape from the island in 1917, took over a scow and sailed to the Kermadec Islands where he was recaptured (and escaped again), though not before becoming something of an odd type of hero in the eyes of many New Zealanders, for the fact that his numerous and daring wartime escapades had killed only a single person.
With the outbreak of World War II, the buildings became a naval training base, HMNZS "Tamaki", and a number of newer buildings were added. The base remained a navy training ground until 1963, when its functions were moved to the North Shore mainland.
Conservation.
The island's trust organises an active programme of pest eradication, and is slowly replanting sections of the island with native trees. Rats and mice were eradicated in 1996 and rabbits in 2004. The conservation programme has reintroduced native species like the North Island Saddleback ("Tieke"). The Trust maintains a small conservation presence on the island, and usually has a number of volunteers working at the local tree nursery or in other conservation programmes.
In early 2008, rat footprints were found in a tracking tunnel (a device to check for the presence of certain animals) on the island. This set off a substantial effort by the trust and DOC to catch the rodent, which was feared to be part of a larger infestation. The Norwegian rat was eventually trapped by a special hunting dog, allowing plans to release native Red-fronted Parakeets (Kākāriki) to continue as planned in May 2008, when 31 were brought by helicopter from Little Barrier Island, where there is a relatively large population.
In March 2009, fifteen Little Spotted Kiwi were released on the island.
In May 2009, 350 'agents' of The Nikolai Organisation planted 22,400 native trees on Motuihe Island in just one day, which was 40% of the 2009 planting programme.

</doc>
<doc id="5865103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865103" title="List of Araneidae species">
List of Araneidae species

These pages list all described species of the spider family Araneidae as of Nov. 5, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5865106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865106" title="2006 Korean League Cup">
2006 Korean League Cup

Korean League Cup 2006, known as Samsung Hauzen Cup 2006 due to the competition's sponsorship. 
Samsung Hauzen Cup is a filler competition created to allow domestic football during times of increased national team activity. The 2006 edition is being played during summer, allowing the top K-League players to focus on the World Cup finals in Germany. World Cup players will be back after completion of Round 8. 
This competition is not to be confused with the domestic championship, the K-League. 
Format.
League format. Thirteen rounds with all the teams playing each other once. The team with the biggest amount of points at the end of the competition is declared the winner (three points are awarded for a win and one point is awarded for a draw).
Results.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Round 6
Round 7
Round 8
Catch-up Round
Round 9
Round 10
Round 11
Round 12
Round 13

</doc>
<doc id="5865108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865108" title="Keerthi Chakra (film)">
Keerthi Chakra (film)

Kirti Chakra () is a 2006 Malayalam war film directed and written by debutant A.K. Ravindran (known as Major Ravi), and starring Mohanlal and Jiiva. The film is based on true events related to insurgency in the Indian controlled region of Kashmir. The political situation of the conflict is portrayed from an Indian perspective in the film.
The film, the first movie in the Major Mahadevan series, was released on 7 August 2006 worldwide. The title is derived from the Indian gallantry award, Kirti Chakra. It was a critical and commercial success and was a blockbuster at the box office. The film was dubbed into Tamil as Aran. and some scenes were added for Prakash Raj in Tamil version.
Plot.
Major Mahadevan (Mohanlal) is an officer deputed to the National Security Guards (NSG). He has been assigned to counter-terrorism duties in Kashmir and commands an elite group of NSG commandos. He calls back his buddy Havildar Jaikumar (Jiiva) from his honeymoon because he has information about major activities of the militants; he feels Jaikumar is needed for the team. The commandos raid a mosque in civilian dress and seize a big collection of arms and explosives. Later, during an operation focused on some cottages near the Dal Lake, a commando in the team is killed and an outraged Jaikumar shoots down a captured terrorist who challenges the commandos. A human rights activist (Shwetha Menon) learns about this and threatens to file a complaint with the government. She later understands the situation and the sincerity of the commandos and decides not to proceed with the complaint.
Meanwhile, a group of terrorists from Afghanistan and Pakistan conspire to hit the Hazratbal Shrine with a missile; they think this will create unrest in the region and that the Indian army will be blamed. They hijack a house that offers a good vantage point on the shrine and plant the missile there. Some of them rape a girl (Sanusha) in the house infront of her father and shoot a person who protests. A military patrolling vehicle hears the gunshot; as they approach the house, they are fired upon. The patrolling team intimates the NSG, and Mahadevan and his team immediately join the battle. After a long operation, the team kills the terrorists, frees the civilian hostages and disarms the missile. But a civilian informs that the chief of the terrorists is not to be seen among the corpses, and the commandos start a combing operation in the house. They locate the terrorist and Mahadevan recognises the man as the one who killed his wife and daughter. The terrorist is killed but he manages to shoot at Mahadevan. Mahadevan is covered by Jaikumar, who gets hit by the bullet and dies. Jaikumar is awarded the Kirti Chakra posthumously.
Production.
Major Ravi, a resigned officer of the Indian army, planned a film on Kashmir militancy based on real-life incidents while he was under duty in counter-terrorism activities in Punjab & Kashmir. He wrote the film which reveals the actual mode of working of Islamic terrorist groups within India: their recruitment, training, target choosing, terror strikes, propaganda, and how Indian armed forces tackle the attacks via its special services forces. The movie develops with this backdrop and tries to convey the dedication and selfless service defence personnel exhibit while on duty.
Ravi got R. B. Chaudhary of Super Good Films, a major production house in Tamil Nadu, to produce the film. The film was planned to release a dubbed version in Tamil Nadu as well. Chaudhary's son Jiiva was cast in a major role in the film. A few additional scenes were shot for the Tamil version, "Aran". The filming was predominantly done in Srinagar and Pollachi.
Reception.
"Kirti Chakra" received generally positive reviews. The Rediff.com reviewer describes the casting of Mohanlal as "near perfect" and comments, "though people may complain that his bulky physique doesn't suit the role of a commando… Mohanlal overcomes this shortcoming by the agility and the emotional roundness he gives to his character." He also thought Major Ravi was "successful in keeping the feel of the film authentic most of the time." On the negative side, he found that "there are certain times when the narrative lapses into the stereotypical terrain." He also thought the film "lacks in pace" and that "except for the main characters; the others are cardboardish." The reviewer wraps up his review by commenting that "the effort that went behind making Kirtichakra is commendable." 
The Indiaglitz.com review calls the film one that parallels national standards. The reviewer goes on to state that "proving to be an effective story teller and a crafty film maker, the film and the director holds the viewers till the end with very little short comings." The major actors and the cinematographer were also praised. The reviewer did not find too many negative points about the film and described it as a "technically sound, visually striking flick largely based on reality."
"Kirti Chakra" was a box-office success. The film got a great opening and the film went on to become a hit. However, "Aran" - the Tamil version, which had additional footage of Prakash Raj, Jeeva, comedy tracks with Ganja Karuppu and song montages featuring Jeeva and the lead actress Gopika, met with a poor at the box-office, with the additional scenes being lamented as the reason for the failure.

</doc>
<doc id="5865128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865128" title="Popina Island">
Popina Island

Popina Island is a Romanian island in the northern part of the Razelm Lake (Razim). The island spans 98 hectares and it is a protected reserve, hosting an important nesting area for shelducks. Razelm Lake is the largest permanent water expanse in the Danube Delta, separated from the Black Sea by two long grinds and it flows into Goloviţa Lake, a fish farm now.
Fauna.
Popina Island constitutes an important resting place for migratory birds and the nesting place for shelduck ("Tadorna tadorna"). In spring, one can find here swamp and forest birds like: nightingales ("Luscinia megarhynchos"), calandra larks ("Melanocorypha calandra") and others
The invertebrate fauna comprises rarities like the European black widow ("Latrodectus tredecimguttatus") and the giant myriapod ("Scolopendra cingulata").
Geology.
Geologically spoken, Popina Island consists of Triassic limestones which crop out over the island. Some parts are covered by loess.

</doc>
<doc id="5865131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865131" title="Raymond Lyttleton">
Raymond Lyttleton

Raymond Arthur Lyttleton FRS (May 7, 1911 – May 16, 1995) was a British mathematician and theoretical astronomer.
He was born in the Oldbury, Worcestershire area and educated at King Edward VI Five Ways school in Birmingham, going from there to Clare College, Cambridge to read mathematics, graduating in 1933. He was elected a Fellow of St John's College in 1937 and appointed a lecturer in mathematics in the same year (until 1959). He was Reader in Theoretical Astronomy from 1959 to 1969, after which he was appointed to a specially created professorship in the subject.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1955. His application citation read: ""Distinguished for his work in astronomy. Author of numerous papers on the origin and early history of the Solar System, notably his modifications of the collision theory. Showed from work of Cartan that fission of a planet by rotation would give two independent bodies, and consequently that the fission theory of binary stars is untenable (The Stability of Rotating Liquid Masses, 1953). Author (with F. Hoyle) of numerous papers on the astronomical effects of accretion, and (with H. Bondi) of two on the transmission of the tidal friction couple to the Earth's core and on the behaviour of the core during precessions. Author of a striking new theory of comets. (The Comets and their Origin, 1953)" 
He won the Royal Society Royal Medal in 1965 ""In recognition of his distinguished contributions to astronomy, particularly for his work on the dynamical stability of galaxies"."
He wrote a number of books:" The Comets and Their Origin" (1953), "The Stability of Rotating Liquid Masses" (1953), "The Modern Universe" {1956}, " Rival Theories of Cosmology" {1960}, " Man's View of the Universe" (1961), "Mysteries of the Solar System" (1968), " The Earth and its Mountains" (1982), "The Gold Effect" (1990). In 1956, he presented a 5-part television series on the B.B.C. entitled "The Modern Universe"
He had married Meave Hobden in Poole in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="5865138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865138" title="2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament">
2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament

The 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament was a single-elimination tournament involving 68 teams to determine the national champion of the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The 73rd edition of the NCAA Tournament began on March 15, 2011, and concluded with the championship game on April 4 at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas. This tournament marked the introduction of the "First Four" round and an expansion of the field of participants from 65 teams to 68. The "South" and "Midwest" regional games were replaced by the monikers "Southeast" and "Southwest" for this tournament, due to the geographical location of New Orleans and San Antonio, respectively.
The Final Four featured no top seeds for the first time since 2006, with the highest remaining seed being West Region winner, #3 Connecticut. For the first time since 2000, a #8 seed advanced to the Final Four as Butler, the national runner-up from the year before, won the Southeast Region. For only the third time ever, a #11 seed advanced to the Final Four as Virginia Commonwealth, one of the "First Four" teams, won the Southwest Region. Those three teams were joined by East Region champion Kentucky, a #4 seed.
Connecticut won its third national championship in the championship game by defeating Butler 53-41.
Upsets ruled the 2011 tournament. The East Region saw its #11 seed, Marquette, advance to the Sweet Sixteen where they were downed by North Carolina. The Southwest Region saw four of its double digit seeds win, as VCU was joined by #12 seed and citymate Richmond, #10 seed Florida State, and #13 seed Morehead State as first round winners. Florida State, VCU, and Richmond all advanced to the Sweet Sixteen from that region, and VCU defeated top-seeded Kansas in the final. Butler and #11 seed Gonzaga advanced from the Southeast Region, with Gonzaga losing in the Round of 32 to BYU.
For the third time in as many tournaments, Vanderbilt suffered a defeat to a double digit seed. This time, they were defeated by Richmond as a #5 seed.
The Big East had a record eleven teams make the tournament. Due to having more than eight teams qualify, it was possible for intra-Big East matchups to occur in the third round. Two of these matchups did occur as Marquette defeated Syracuse in the East while Connecticut defeated Cincinnati in the West. The other Big East teams to qualify were Pittsburgh, who earned the #1 seed in the Southeast Region and were knocked out in the third round by Butler, St. John's, who were the Southeast's #6 seed and were eliminated in their first game by Gonzaga, Louisville, which earned the #4 seed in the Southwest and fell to Morehead State in their first game, Georgetown, who lost to VCU in the first round as a #6 in the Southwest, Notre Dame, the #2 seed in the Southwest who were eliminated by Florida State, Villanova, who were eliminated in an #8 vs #9 matchup against George Mason in the East Region, and West Virginia, the East's #5 seed who lost in the third round to Kentucky.
Northern Colorado, winners of the Big Sky Conference, made its first NCAA Division I tournament.
Tournament procedure.
For the first time, a total of 68 teams entered the tournament. Thirty of the thirty-one automatic bids were given to the programs that won their conference tournaments, while the remaining automatic bid went to the Ivy League champion Princeton, as the conference does not hold a tournament. The remaining 37 teams will be granted "at-large" bids, which are extended by the NCAA Selection Committee. All 68 teams were announced on "Selection Sunday" March 13, 2011.
The Selection Committee ranked the entire field from 1 to 68. The last four at-large teams selected and the four lowest ranked automatic qualifiers played in a "First Four". The four winners of those games advanced to the main draw of the tournament to play a higher seed. The four lowest ranked teams of the 68 played against each other in a pair of First Four games, with winners advancing to play No. 1 seeds, and the last four at-large teams played in the other two First Four games, with the winners moving on to face the seed they would otherwise be matched up against, as determined by their seed number.
The following sites were selected to host each round of the 2011 tournament:
Each regional winner advanced to the Final Four, held April 2 and 4 in Houston at Reliant Stadium, co-hosted by Rice University and the University of Houston.
Bracket.
"Unless otherwise noted, all times listed are Eastern "Daylight" Time ()"
First Four – Dayton, Ohio.
All games on truTV. First Four winners enter the second round as their respective seed and in their respective region.
Final Four.
Game summaries.
Consisting of #3-seeded Connecticut, No. 4 Kentucky, No. 8 Butler, and No. 11 Virginia Commonwealth (VCU), the Final Four was considered a result of one of the weakest tournament fields in history. Regarding the four finalists, there was widespread belief that none of them were among the best teams in the nation. It was the first time in the tournament's history that a No. 1 or a No. 2 seed had failed to reach the final four. 11th seeded VCU tied a record as the lowest seed to reach the final four. By virtue of their "first four" appearance, VCU became the first team to reach the final four by winning five tournament games.
The first semifinal featured Butler and VCU, with Butler winning 70–62, despite VCU forward Jamie Skeen leading the scoring with 27 points.
The second semifinal match was between Kentucky and Connecticut. Connecticut had already defeated Kentucky earlier that season 84–67 at the Maui Invitational. This time, Connecticut won in a close game 56–55, led by Kemba Walker with 18 points. Connecticut were noted for their defensive effort, which held Kentucky to 34% shooting and also held Kentucky scoreless for over 5 minutes during a spell in the second half.
National Championship.
The National Championship game was between Butler, a mid-major university team that was a surprise finalist in the 2010 tournament, and Connecticut, a basketball powerhouse which had previously won the tournament twice under coach Jim Calhoun but had an average regular season finishing 9th in the Big East Conference before winning The Big East Tournament with five wins in five consecutive days (never before accomplished in NCAA history). The championship game was won by Connecticut 53–41. It was a very defensive contest, with Butler having the fewest points in a championship game since 1949. Butler led at halftime 22–19, but suffered in the second half from poor shooting, making only 6 of 37 shots in the second half. Butler's 18.8 percent shooting for the entire game was the lowest ever in the NCAA final. Connecticut contributed to Butler's poor shooting by blocking 10 shots (a championship game record). Butler was led in scoring by junior guard Shelvin Mack with 13 points, while UConn freshman Jeremy Lamb scored 12 points in the 2nd half.
The win by Connecticut completed a season-ending 11-game win streak that began with the Big East Tournament.
The game was widely viewed as a poor quality final. In reference to the game's first half of play, CBS analyst Greg Anthony said, "This is the worst half of basketball I've ever seen in a national championship game."
Media.
Television.
On April 22, 2010, it was announced that the NCAA had reached a new 14-year, US$10.8 billion deal with CBS Sports and Time Warner-owned Turner Sports (by way of TBS, TNT and truTV) for the rights to broadcast the NCAA Tournament from 2011 until 2024, marking the first time every game in the tournament would be telecast on a national basis. 
CBS and Turner pooled their resources for the tournament, with members of the "NBA on TNT" crew joining CBS's established March Madness broadcasters. Coverage will originate from the CBS Broadcast Center in New York City and Turner's Atlanta studios.
The tournament television ratings report shows the tournament had an average of 10.2 million viewers per game, an increase from the 2005 tournament when it drew an average of 10.6 million (6.4 Nielsen rating). The championship game recorded an 11.7 rating and drew 20.1 million viewers.
TruTV, which up to that point had never aired any live sports programming, saw a surge in carriage deals for its high definition feed with several major providers including AT&T U-verse, Verizon FiOS, Comcast, Charter Communications, Cablevision, Cox Cable and RCN. 
Round-by-round game schedule.
"All times Eastern and PM"
CBS received the same number of "windows," or time slots, for its tournament coverage as in previous years. However, all games will now be nationally – rather than regionally – televised. The national television broadcasts also allowed for more flexibility in start times. CBS and the Turner networks used the same graphics package and theme music in broadcasting the tournament – the only difference between networks is the logo shown on the score bug. In addition, a banner at the top of the screen displayed the scores of other games along with what network they are being broadcast on. Replays feature all four network logos being shown, and for fair use highlight credits by local television stations and other networks such as ESPN, the Turner network name or CBS Sports, followed by "NCAA" is given as the source. CBS also kept coverage of the Division II final, which is part of the larger contract for this tournament.
Turner Sports aired full-length studio shows before and after each session of play. The pregame show was called "Infiniti NCAA Tip-Off" and all shows were on TruTV. The postgame show, called "Inside March Madness presented by Buick", alternated between TruTV and TBS.
TruTV had also added coverage of the Reese's College All-Star Game.
Radio.
Westwood One had live broadcasts of all 67 games. They will be available both on terrestrial and satellite radio outlets, on NCAA.com, and on CBSSports.com. The radio contract was extended in January 2011 for multiple tournaments.
Internet/other video.
All games are expected to be streamed at NCAA.com or CBSSports.com, as in the past; with the new rights deal, NCAA.com and the game streaming is now managed by Turner Interactive. The iPhone app which allowed streaming of games on the iPhone in previous years, and had cost about ten dollars, has received two upgrades: it is compatible with iPad, and it is now free of charge. However, with the CBS-Turner agreement allowing all games in the tournament to be available on a national basis (see above), Mega March Madness, a DirecTV-only service, has been discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="5865141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865141" title="New England Girls' School">
New England Girls' School

The New England Girls' School (NEGS), is an independent, Anglican, day and boarding school for girls, located in Armidale, a rural city in northern New South Wales, Australia.
Established in 1895 by Florence Emily Green, NEGS is a non-selective school, and currently caters for approximately 310 students from Pre-Preparatory (4 years old) to Year 12 (18 years old), including 140 boarders from Years 5 to 12. 
NEGS is affiliated with the Association of Independent Schools of New South Wales (AIS NSW), the Junior School Heads Association of Australia (JSHAA), the Australian Boarding Schools' Association (ABSA), the Alliance of Girls' Schools Australasia (AGSA), and is an affiliate member of the Association of Heads of Independent Girls' Schools (AHIGS). NEGS Limited in its capacity as Trustee administers the school on behalf of the Anglican Diocese of Armidale.
History.
The New England Girls' School was founded in 1895, by Florence Emily Green, a deeply religious educator from Oamaru, New Zealand. The aim of the school was to provide an all-round education for girls, with a strong emphasis on Christian values, in order to prepare students for the challenges of the new century. The school's first building was named 'Akaroa', and contained a large classroom, an office and boarding facilities. Today the building is the school’s administration centre, with the original classroom now used for meetings and functions, and named the 'W.H Lee Room' after the school’s architect.
Under Miss Green's guidance NEGS became one of the largest girls' boarding schools in Australia. In 1907, NEGS was purchased by the Anglican diocese and a school Council was appointed. Miss Green subsequently moved to Victoria in 1908 to act as caretaker headmistress to Firbank Church of England Girls' Grammar School, in Brighton.
NEGS' first brick building, later known as "Northern and Southern", was opened in 1911. This building contained an assembly hall, gymnasium and boarding facilities.
In 2006, due to financial difficulty and falling enrolments, the Armidale Diocesan Council announced that NEGS was to be sold to the Presbyterian Church and would be merged with the Presbyterian Ladies' College, Armidale. A Save NEGS group was immediately formed by the Parents and Friends Association, the NEGS Old Girls Union and members of the community in order to campaign against the sale of the school, and formulate an alternative plan. On 19 October 2006, the Anglican Diocese of Armidale accepted the proposal submitted by the group, the $4 million funding of which was underwritten by John Cassidy, Chancellor of the University of New England. It was agreed that a company limited by guarantee, known as NEGS Limited would acquire the school and operate it as an independent Anglican school, with Mr Cassidy as Chairman of a new interim Board, thus preventing the sale of NEGS.
Campus.
The New England Girls' School is situated on over of landscaped gardens and parkland, in a rural environment. The school is located in the city of Armidale, situated midway between Sydney and Brisbane on the New England Tablelands of New South Wales.
Some notable current facilities of the college include:
Badge.
The New England Girls' School badge was designed shortly after the opening of the school, and is highly symbolic. The badge colours of scarlet and sky were chosen by Miss Green to be the official school colours. The shield of the badge is surmounted by the Bishop's mitre symbolising the power of the Holy Spirit, and the authority of the Church. On the shield itself, three figures are depicted: 
All three together are drawn from the final verse of the school Bible reading: 
Beneath the shield is the school motto, "Quodcumque facitis ex animo operamini", based on Colossians 3:23, which may be translated as "Whatsoever you do, do it heartily".
Coursework.
All pupils at NEGS follow the NSW academic curriculum, completing numeracy and literacy tests in junior school, and the NSW Higher School Certificate in year twelve. Senior school students are also tested in all of their subjects at the middle and end of each academic year, allowing classes in English and Mathematics to be streamed according to ability.
In the coeducational junior school, students study English, Mathematics, HSIE, PDHPE and technology with their classroom teachers. They also learn languages (German, French or Latin), Music, Drama and Art from specialist teachers in the senior school.
Girls in the senior school have the opportunity to develop their interests through taking additional study units and their class choices. Girls select a language to learn in year eight, two elective subjects in year nine (choosing from Art, Music, Drama, French, Japanese or Design and Technology) and may change one of these subjects at the beginning of year ten. In years eleven and twelve classes are also offered at Vocational Education Training (VET), the Armidale Combined Schools Program and the Open High School in order to allow girls to further pursue their interests and prepare for tertiary education and their chosen careers.
Boarding.
NEGS has four boarding houses - Kirkwood, Dickens, White and Saumarez - to accommodate its many boarders. Boarders from years five to 10 share a room with girls from their own year group and all girls in years eleven and twelve have their own private room. In year twelve, girls move into Saumarez House, the senior boarding house allows girls to concentrate on their studies without the distraction of younger years and gives the girls more freedom with later bedtimes and more opportunities to visit town. Throughout their time at NEGS most girls will experience boarding in some way, either as a full boarder, part-time boarder or a casual stay. Boarding enhances the community feeling of the school and is a fun and friendly experience at NEGS.
Notable alumnae.
Alumnae of NEGS are known as Old Girls and may elect to join the schools alumni association, the NEGS Old Girls' Union (NEGSOGU). Some notable NEGS Old Girls include:

</doc>
<doc id="5865148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865148" title="Tuʻipelehake">
Tuʻipelehake

The Tuipelehake (or Tui Pelehake to be more consistent with similar titles, like Tui Tonga, Tui Haatakalaua, etc.) is the second highest ranking traditional chiefly title in Tonga, in the absence of the Tui Faleua title, Tuipelehake is second only to the King in rank. There have been several holders of the title mainly from the ruling royal family, from princes to prime ministers. It is Tongan custom to refer to the holder by his customary title, only adding his personal name if confusion may arise. An example of this would be: Tui Pelehake (Uluvalu).
The Estates of the Tui Pelehake are:
Origin.
All of the Noble Titles in Tonga were established and formalized into its current state via a royal decree in accordance to the newly established constitution instituted by King Tāufaāhau Tupou I in 1875. Though the Tui Pelehake was one of the six most ancient titles of Tonga, a Title from its very inception. Lekaumoana in the list below was the first holder of the new title as recorded per the aforementioned proclamation of the new constitution. The fact that they were held by the most powerful chiefs of that time has saved them. Hundreds of minor titles were abolished and have disappeared since.
The Tui Pelehake title goes back to the first Tui Tonga, Ahoeitu, the youngest son of Tangaloa Eitumātupua. His oldest brother, Talafale, fell out of grace and was bestowed the titles Tui Pelehake and also Tui Faleua, a backup in case the Tui Tonga line would die out. Note that the original Tui Pelehake title therefore derives its authority from the Tui Tonga, even though, since it came to George Tupou II, it has been essentially linked to the Tui Kanokupolu.
Holders of the Noble Title.
Lekaumoana.
Lekaumoana's oldest son Maile Latamai was banished to Fiji, his younger son Uluvalu became the next Tui'pelehake.
Uluvalu.
He was the son of Lekaumoana
Filiaipulotu.
He was the son of Uluvalu
Toutaitokotaha.
Siaosi Fatafehi Toutaitokotaha, 1842 — 1912.
He was the son of Filiaipulotu and the father of King George Tupou II.
He was Prime Minister of Tonga in 1905. After his death the title remained vacant as the king had not really need for it, nor had his successor Sālote Tupou III.
Fatafehi Tu'ifaleua.
Sione Ngū Manumataongo Tukuʻaho (7 January 1922 — 10 April 1999), was the youngest son of Sālote Tupou III and was educated in Tonga and Australia. He attended Newington College, Sydney, (1941–1942) and an agricultural college in Queensland. Fatafehi married Melenaite Tupoumoheofo Veikune (13 November 1924 — 16 March 1993) on the same day as his older brother, the Crown Prince (in that time still called Tupoutoa-Tungī) married Halaevalu Mataaho Ahomee. That was the famous double royal wedding ("taane māhanga") of 10 June 1947. He received the title Tui Pelehake (Fatafehi) from his mother in 1944, and he also received the runner up highest title of Tonga of Tui Faleua (king of the second house).
From a non-traditional side, he was honoured with the CBE. He inherited from his mother an artistic side; he was a well-known poet and composer.
His career was with his brother in the government. He was first governor of Vavau (1949–1952), later of Haapai (1952–1953), next he held various ministerial portfolios in cabinet, until he took over as Prime Minister when his brother had to vacate the post on becoming king in 1965. He remained in this post until he had to withdraw in 1991 because of serious health problems. His last years were spent in a rollchair on a life support system.
He kept the both titles of Tui Pelehake and Tui Faleua for so many years, that they became synonymous with him. But after his death, only the former was conferred to his son, while the latter returned to the king.
Uluvalu.
Sione Uluvalu Takeivūlai Ngū Tukuaho (7 October 1950 — 6 July 2006 (5 July in USA)) was Tui Pelehake from the death of his father until his own death in a car accident near San Francisco, California. He played a key role in mediating between the Government of Tonga and striking civil servants in 2005. At the time of his death he was in the USA for consultations with Tongans living there to present ideas for political reform to his uncle, the king. Prince Uluvalu and his wife, Princess Kaimana, died without children.
They were buried at langi Nāmoala in Mua on 21 July, apparently as a reminder of the title's Tui Tonga heritage, and not at Malaekula in Nukualofa where all kings find their rest.
Mailefihi.
When a title holder dies without heir, the title returns to the king, who then will decide what to do with it. In this case he decided to give it, on 21 July 2006, to Uluvalu's younger brother, Viliami Tupoulahi Mailefihi Tukuaho (17 June 1957 — 2014) known as Mailefihi. Mailefihi lost his right to the title 'Prince' and inherited claim to the royal throne with his first marriage to Mele Vikatolia Faletau, which was against the wishes of his uncle King Tāufaāhau Tupou IV. From this first marriage he had two children a daughter and a son;
To the dismay of the royal family his next two marriages were to particularly low rank common women. His second marriage in 1996 was to Maata Moungaloa, a beauty queen who won the yearly Miss Heilala beauty pageant. His third marriage was to 'Alakifonua villager Eneio Tatafu whom he divorced in 2009. His fourth and current wife is Fifita Holeva Tuihaangana, a member of one of the most prominent noble families in Tonga.
Mailefihi returned to great prominence upon the death of his older brother Uluvalu in July 2006. Shortly after his brother's death he was bestowed the Tuipelehake title by his uncle King Tāufaāhau Tupou IV. In August of the same year via a by-election he won his brother's vacated seat in Parliament. In 2008 his 'Prince' title was restored back to him by his first cousin King George Tupou V and is known as His Serene Highness Prince Tu'ipelehake. In 2009 he became a Minister of the Realm when he was appointed Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries. He died of complications from diabetes in June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5865150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865150" title="List of Archaeidae species">
List of Archaeidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Archaeidae as of Dec. 11, 2012.
Afrarchaea.
"Afrarchaea" Forster & Platnick, 1984
Austrarchaea.
"Austrarchaea" Forster & Platnick, 1984
Eriauchenius.
"Eriauchenius" O. P.-Cambridge, 1881
Zephyrarchaea.
"Zephyrarchaea" Rix & Harvey, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="5865151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865151" title="2003 Minnesota Twins season">
2003 Minnesota Twins season

After winning the American League Central Division in 2002, the 2003 Minnesota Twins were looking to repeat division titles for the first time since 1969 and 1970. A spark for the team was the July trade of Bobby Kielty for Shannon Stewart. Stewart provided a veteran presence at the top of the lineup that the team had previously lacked. The team met its goal of reaching the playoffs, but once again fell short in the postseason. The Twins lost in four games to the New York Yankees during the AL Division Series. 2003 would be the last year several key players played with the team.
Regular season.
Under second year manager Ron Gardenhire, The Twins did not look so good coming out of the gates going 12-14 in March and April. However, they picked it up by going 19-9 in May, improving their record to 31-23 (.574). After having another tough string of games during the middle of the season, the Twins were looking for a jump start. They got it when on July 16 they traded RF Bobby Kielty to Toronto for LF Shannon Stewart. Going into the final month of the season with a record of 71-65 it looked as though the Twins may not win the division, but they finished with a stellar September going 19-7; including an 11-game winning streak. They ended up with a 90-72 (.556) record which was good enough to win the mediocre AL Central.
Offense.
Catcher A.J. Pierzynski enjoyed his highest career batting average (.312) in his final year with the Twins. First baseman Doug Mientkiewicz rebounded from a poor 2002 season by hitting .300—although his power numbers (11 home runs) were low for his position. Luis Rivas cemented his reputation as a mediocre hitter, batting .259 with a .308 on-base percentage. Corey Koskie saw his average go up to .292 after a dip in 2002. For the third time in four years, shortstop Cristian Guzman led the majors in triples, this year with 14. Jacque Jones and Torii Hunter were capable hitters in the outfield, with Jones batting .304 and Hunter driving in a career high 102 runs. Stewart hit .322 in 270 at bats for the team.
Pitching.
Brad Radke, Kenny Rogers, and Kyle Lohse filled the first three spots in the starting rotation throughout the year. All three had winning records and ERAs in the mid-fours. Joe Mays and Rick Reed each made 21 mediocre starts. The leftover starts were mostly left to Johan Santana, who made 18, establishing a foundation that would enable him to win a Cy Young Award the following year. Eric Milton was injured most of the year, and appeared in only three games.
In the bullpen, Eddie Guardado was once again a reliable closer, with LaTroy Hawkins as his primary set-up man. Juan Rincón was also able to establish himself as a reliable set-up man, but the other bullpen spots were uncertain. J.C. Romero regressed in quality, with a 5.00 ERA. As one might expect, experiments with veterans such as James Baldwin, Carlos Pulido, and the ancient Jesse Orosco did not pan out.
Defense.
The infield of Pierzynski, Mientkiewicz, Rivas, Guzman, and Koskie was reliable. Jacque Jones was solid in left, although Shannon Stewart saw time there when he was acquired for Bobby Kielty. Torii Hunter had a Gold Glove year in center field. Right field was manned by the platoon of Dustan Mohr and Bobby Kielty (the duo was dubbed "Dusty Kielmohr") until the arrival of Stewart.
Postseason.
In the American League Division Series, the Twins faced a team which fared well against them in the regular season: The New York Yankees. The Yankees won the 5-game series in four games, outscoring the Twins 16-6. Minnesota defeated the Yankees in game 1, earning a 3-1 victory at Yankee Stadium. However, the Yankees would go on to win the series; winning the next three games 4-1, 3-1, and 8-1. The Yankees eventually lost to the Florida Marlins in the World Series.
See also 2003 American League Division Series.
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
Other batters.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
Pitching.
Starting pitchers.
"Note: G = Games played; GS = Games Started; IP = Innings Pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned Run Average; SO = Strikeouts"
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Elizabethton

</doc>
<doc id="5865154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865154" title="La Pyramide">
La Pyramide

Restaurant De La Pyramide popularly known as "La Pyramide"' was a Michelin Guide 3-star restaurant located in Vienne, Isère, France. It was widely believed to be the best restaurant in France while its owner Fernand Point (1897–1955) was alive.
Much as he was strict and unforgiving in the kitchen, Point (often with Paul Bocuse as his apprentice and wing-man) was known to play pranks on his patrons and visitors. Parisian high society visitors would find themselves ushered into the kitchen, pushed into a corner, and fed one of Point's latest and greatest dishes under the pretense of being asked to evaluate the readiness of the offering while Bocuse, hidden underneath a prep table, whitewashed the heels of their shoes.
Postmen or visiting locals fared not much better, in one famous stunt Point ordered Bocuse to paint the bicycle of a visiting gendarme pink while Point distracted his visitor.
La Pyramide was named after a nearby Roman pyramid that had marked the turn of a chariot racetrack. After Point's death, his widow, Mado, carried on and maintained the restaurant's 3-star rating for many years.
Thomas Keller of Napa Valley's French Laundry has cited Point's work as being very significant to his training. See Keller's introduction to Ma Gastonomie (2008) by Ferdnand Point

</doc>
<doc id="5865160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865160" title="Cheshire, Oregon">
Cheshire, Oregon

Cheshire is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States. It is located near the Long Tom River and is southwest of Junction City on Oregon Route 36.
History.
According to "Oregon Geographic Names", Cheshire was a station on the Southern Pacific Railroad line platted in 1913 and originally named Hubert. This name caused confusion with another station on the line, Huber, however, so the railroad company changed the name to Cheshire in 1914. The Cheshire post office was established the same year. Both "Hubert" and "Cheshire" were names chosen to honor James Hubert Cheshire, a favorite child of the people in the area.
Business.
Today, Cheshire's principal landmarks are a Dari Mart convenience store and a post office serving the 97419 zip code.

</doc>
<doc id="5865168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865168" title="John Newton Brown">
John Newton Brown

John Newton Brown (June 29, 1803 – May 14, 1868) was an influential Baptist teacher, minister and publisher in the 19th century.
He was born in New London, Connecticut and attended Madison College (now known as Colgate University) where he graduated at the head of his class in 1823. Ordained the following year, he spent many years traveling New England, serving as minster in Buffalo, New York, Malden, Massachusetts, and Exeter, New Hampshire as well as a teaching position at the Academical and Theological Institution of New Hampton, New Hampshire, before ill health forced him to travel south where he took up a ministry in Lexington, Virginia in 1845.
In 1848 he became editorial secretary of the American Baptist Publication Society in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was editor of its publications the Christian Chronicle and National Baptist. It was under his tenure that a number of influential works of the day were published under his direction.
Brown was one of the authors of the New Hampshire Confession of Faith in 1833, which was a more moderate expression of the more Calvinistic Baptist beliefs that existed at the time, and was widely accepted in the northern United States. His name has become the one most associated with this work.
Brown also authored a book of poetry, "Emily and Other Poems," (1840) which was dedicated to a sister who had died young.
Brown died on May 14, 1868 in the Philadelphia neighborhood of Germantown.

</doc>
<doc id="5865180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865180" title="Michaël Youn">
Michaël Youn

Michaël Youn (born 2 December 1973 in Suresnes, Hauts-de-Seine as Michaël Benayoun) is a French actor, singer, comedian, and TV and radio personality.
Biography.
After his education as an announcer and theater actor, Youn joined the Paris radio station Skyrock in 1998. There, he made sketches and further entertainment during the morning show.
The popularity and success of Michael Youn, at the most important French private broadcast station brought Youn to the attention of French TV executives. In July 2000, he was hired for the new morning show "Morning Live" shown on Métropole 6. With Vincent Desagnat and Benjamin Morgaine, Youn did the entertainment part of the show. Like their sketches and public events (e.g. foam bath in a Paris fountain, and waking random Parisians up shooting the slogan of the show at them), their parodies were particularly successful. In particular, they parodied the music scene of Jean-Michel Jarre, casting-popstars, the Grand Prix and French rappers.
The success of "Morning Live" was mainly due to Youn and his colleagues – when they left the show, it remained on the air for just one more year.
After leaving "Morning Live" in 2002, Youn, Desagnat and Morgaine have focused on their music parodies: The three sailors “Piotr”, “Olaff” and “Dvorjak” from the Eastern European “Slowakistan”, the "Bratisla Boys", appeared on the Western music market with their song "Stach Stach". The act became a big success and was number one on the French charts for ten weeks. On a 2004 list of the all-time best selling CDs in France, "Stach Stach" was listed number 30. The success even spread beyond the French border and reached Switzerland, where it was 2nd on the official charts. On 7 July 2002, the project was stopped by its makers. They claimed that the Bratisla Boys had vanished on the Dead Sea without a trace.
In 2003, the film "La Beuze“, written by Youn and Desagnat, was released. Youn played the character of Alphonse, the "unknown son" of James Brown, who tries to start his own career – by creating a new (fictional) style called "Frunkp" (a mixture of Funk and Rap). The song "Le Frunkp" was published as a CD-single and Michaël Youn (under the name of Alphonse Brown) had another hit. This time, he even reached #1 in Swiss charts.
Youn had a comedy-tour, called "Pluskapoil" in 2003/04 (its sequel followed in 2005) and has acted in films.
New music projects followed: "Les Conards" (The Imbeciles) with "Comme des Connards", a cover version of "My Sharona" by The Knack, as well as a song for the movie "Iznogoud" (both were in the French Top 20). He had small roles in rather big films, and was part of "Les 11 commandements" in 2004 (A French film done in the style of MTV’s Jackass, together with Desagnat and Morgaine).
In 2005, Youn was "Iznogoud" in the film version of the comic „Iznogoud“ (also known as Isnogud). In 2006, he had the main role in the film comedy "Incontrôlable". Those two films were not very successful, critics and viewers finding them only so-so. Both films starred Desagnat and Morgaine, but only in small roles.
In 2010, he directed his first movie "Fatal" in which he also stars.
Fatal Bazooka.
Towards the end of 2006 they picked up a parody from their old "Morning-Live" times: the hardcore rappers "Fatal Bazooka" ("Lethal Bazooka"), in which they played two rappers called “Profanation Fonky“ and “La Marmotte Infernale” who wore balaclavas. Using a hardcore style of rap, they rapped "Fous ta cagoule" ("Put on your balaclava"). It reached #1 on the French charts.
The CD-single is "Fous ta cagoule" of 2006. The song parodies multiple French rappers, in particular slammer Grand Corps Malade and Booba. The video clip was made by Nicolas Benamou.
His first single of 2007, "Mauvaise foi nocturne"' with Pascal Obispo parodied "Confessions nocturnes" by Diam's and Vitaa (mentioned in "Parle à ma main" as well) also went to #1 in France.
Fatal Bazooka released a full LP titled "T'as vu ?" in the last week of May 2007 selling over 300,000 copies in France and scored another N1 single (Christmas 2007 number one) with "Parle à ma main" ("Talk to my hand") featuring Yelle released at the end of 2007. This time they attacked another phenomenon of French society : the "lolitas" and their antics.
The album was released through Jam Block entertainment/Warner Music France.

</doc>
<doc id="5865182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865182" title="Fender Bass V">
Fender Bass V

The original Fender Bass V was a quirky and unusual electric bass guitar model produced by Fender between 1965 and 1971. It was the world's first five-string bass guitar, a popular concept today.
The Fender Bass V is unusual in its dimensions: although it is three inches longer than a P-Bass, the Fender Bass V has only 15 frets. A high C string was added to a combination of traditional Fender body designs. (At the time, not much about electric bass construction was traditional because it was still a new technology.) The idea behind the top C string was to enable reading bass players to get to the high notes on the instrument easily, without having to go up the neck. The top note on the instrument is E-flat which is the same top note as a standard 20-fret 4 string Jazz or Precision bass.
Originally came with chrome bridge and pickup covers.
Players did not accept the Fender Bass V, partly due to its size and shape. Players also had problems with the small amount of space between strings. Only about 1000 Fender Bass V models were produced, before being discontinued in 1971. Surplus bodies were then used in the construction of the Fender Swinger.
Players.
The following players are reported to have owned a Fender Bass V:

</doc>
<doc id="5865190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865190" title="List of Atypidae species">
List of Atypidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Atypidae as of Sept. 10, 2013.
Atypus.
"Atypus" Latreille, 1804
Calommata.
"Calommata" Lucas, 1837
Sphodros.
"Sphodros" Walckenaer, 1835

</doc>
<doc id="5865214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865214" title="Fearsome Foursome (American football)">
Fearsome Foursome (American football)

The "Fearsome Foursome" was a title first used in reporting American football, when referring to the dominating defensive lines of the San Diego Chargers of the American Football League in the early 1960s, the New York Giants, and most widely, the Los Angeles Rams of the 1960s and 1970s.
New York Giants.
In the 1957 season the New York Daily News, a major New York city tabloid, ran an article and sketches of the New York Giants' line consisting of ends Andy Robustelli and Jim Katcavage, and tackles Rosey Grier and Dick Modzelewski and a headline that read "A Fearsome Foursome."
San Diego Chargers.
The nickname "Fearsome Foursome" was first regularly used to describe the American Football League's Los Angeles/San Diego Chargers' defensive front four, including starters DE Ron Nery, DT Bill Hudson, DT Ernie Ladd, and DE Earl Faison. The Chargers moved to San Diego in 1961, and Faison made overall AFL Rookie of the Year, a rare feat for a defensive player. Alternate members of the group included DE Bob Petrich, DT George Gross, and DE-DT Henry Schmidt. At the time Gross and Ladd were two of the largest and strongest men in Professional Football. The Chargers' Foursome helped them reach the first two American Football League Championship games and five altogether, winning the AFL Championship in 1963 with a 51 - 10 thumping of the Boston Patriots.
Detroit Lions (1962).
The nickname "Fearsome Foursome" was later used to describe the 1962 Detroit Lions line of Roger Brown, Alex Karras, Darris McCord, and Sam Williams.
Los Angeles Rams.
Still later, Rosey Grier was acquired from the New York Giants in 1963 to join Lamar Lundy, Merlin Olsen and Deacon Jones as the Los Angeles Rams starting defensive line. They also became known as the "Fearsome Foursome", and the greater publicity garnered by the NFL leads many to assume they were the originals. Dick Butkus called them "the most dominant line in football history." They gained fame as the Rams went from a perennial second division, under .500 team to a NFL powerhouse under coach George Allen.
Roger Brown replaced Grier in 1967, and Diron Talbert replaced Brown in 1970. Also in 1970 Coy Bacon replaced Lamar Lundy.
The line was ultimately broken up when George Allen became coach of the Washington Redskins in 1971; Talbert and Jones left in 1972, with Talbert following Allen to the Redskins, and Jones going to the Chargers for two years before eventually reuniting with Allen himself on the Redskins in 1974. Bacon left in 1973. After missing the playoffs from 1970–72, the Rams won seven straight division titles from 1973 to 1979, which remains an N.F.L. record. Those Rams teams were led in part by "The New Fearsome Foursome."
This line consisted of ends Jack Youngblood and Fred Dryer, and tackles Merlin Olsen and Larry Brooks. Youngblood and Olsen are NFL hall of famers while Brooks made the Pro Bowl 5 times. Dryer also made the Pro Bowl once, and set an NFL record with 2 safeties in one game vs. the Packers. Olsen, who played with his brother Phil Olsen for 4 seasons from 1971-1974, retired after a 15 year career at the end of the 1976 season. He was replaced by Mike Fanning.
The line was documented in NFL Network's "A Football Life".

</doc>
<doc id="5865220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865220" title="Fishermen's Terminal">
Fishermen's Terminal

Fishermen's Terminal is located on Salmon Bay in the Interbay neighborhood in Seattle, Washington, east of the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks and immediately west of the Ballard Bridge. 
Operated by the Port of Seattle, it is home to some of the vessels that are on the Discovery Channel show the "Deadliest Catch". It was also the topic of a documentary film "Fishermen's Terminal". The documentary centers on the conflict between the moorage needs of the fishing fleet and pleasure boaters.
The facility provides freshwater mooring for fishing vessels, and (since 2001) pleasure craft. It can accommodate vessels up to 250 feet (76.2 m). Preference is given to commercial fishing vessels. It serves more than 600 vessels. A public access float provides free moorage for up to four hours for visitors.
The facility also includes of office, retail, restaurant, light industry and warehouse space. Among the retail establishments are Wild Salmon Seafood Market, which started as a cooperative for fishermen to sell their local catch, and Bilingual Books, the Seattle-based language instruction publisher, who produce many useful tools that help with communicating on and off the boat.
Fishermen's Terminal is home to the Fishermen's Memorial, a bronze and stone sculpture with plaques memorializing more than 500 local commercial fishermen and women who have been lost at sea since the beginning of the 20th century. The memorial is managed by its own non-profit organization.

</doc>
<doc id="5865224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865224" title="Ski helmet">
Ski helmet

A ski helmet or snowboard helmet is a protective head covering specifically designed and constructed for wintersports, often insulated against cold weather. Design includes the ability to withstand multiple impacts. This protective gear comes in different styles and types - full shell, short shell, and full face models. A ski helmet must be properly fitted to provide maximum protection, performance and comfort.
Safety standards.
Certification standards include ASTM 2040, CE-EN 1077[], Snell RS-98. ASTM and Snell's ski helmet standards are similar, Snell tests helmets obtained by purchase from randomly chosen retailers, testing the characteristics of the helmet as manufactured.
Risks.
, an average of 41.5 people per year have died while skiing or snowboarding in the US during the past 10 years, 1.06 deaths per million skier/snowboarder visits." Most head injuries (74%) occur when skiers hit their head on the snow, 10% when they collided with other skiers, and 13% when they collided with fixed objects. In 188 skiing and snowboarding related deaths, 108 of these had head injury as the primary cause of death.
Evidence for effectiveness.
Recent studies conclude that helmet use decreases the risk and severity of head injuries without increasing the risk of other injuries. One meta-analysis of twelve studies found evidence that the use of helmets had a significant protective effect against head injuries among skiers and snowboarders. The pooled analysis showed that the risk of head injury was reduced by 35% with helmet use and that 2–5 of every 10 head injuries among helmet users could be prevented. There was no increase of neck injuries among wearers.
Limitations.
While helmets are effective at preventing or reducing minor injuries, they have not been shown to reduce the number of fatalities despite the fact that as many as 40% of skiers and snowboarders wear helmets. "There is no evidence they reduce fatalities," according to Dr. Jasper . "We are up to 40 percent usage but there has been no change in fatalities in a 10-year period."
Helmets are tested for effectiveness at about , but the typical maximum speed of skiers and snowboarders is approximately twice that speed, with some participants going much faster. At such speeds, impact with a fixed object is likely to be fatal regardless of helmet use. By contrast, in an impact with icy snow wearing a helmet can be the difference between a minor head injury and a significant or life-threatening head injury.
Moreover, helmet use may result in risk compensation i.e. skiers and snowboarders behaving less cautiously when they feel protected by a helmet. One study found that helmeted skiers tend to go faster and helmet-wearing has been associated with self-reports of more risky behavior other studies find that helmet use is not associated with self-reports of riskier behavior.
Use.
In the USA, by 2006 about 40% of winter-sports participants regularly wore helmets. Ski helmets come in a variety of sizes and styles for men, women and children. Some helmets can include built-in headphones that are able to connect to a music player, allowing the wearer to listen to music while performing the sport. Other accessories include helmet covers, bluetooth interfaces, and extra padding for comfort.
Compulsion.
The current recommendation by the National Ski Areas Association is for participants to wear a helmet but to ride as if they’re not.
Vail Resorts, in the United States, now requires helmet wear for their employees, as well as for children under 12 participating in formal classes.

</doc>
<doc id="5865230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865230" title="Shawkat Ali">
Shawkat Ali

Shawkat Ali (), (April 20, 1918 – August 18, 1975), politician and a leader of the Bengali Language Movement. He was one of the founders of Awami Muslim League - which later became Awami League and is now the Bangladesh Awami League. He was a member of all three Rastrabhasa Sangram Parishad. He was also the Chief Organizer of Dhaka City Awami League during the 1950s. His house in 150, Chawk Moghultuly, Dhaka was the center for many activities and meetings during the Language Movement. He died of a stroke on August 18, 1975. He is buried in Jurain graveyard in Dhaka.
Early life.
Shawkat Ali was born in a prominent Sunni Muslim family in Gandaria, Dhaka, East Bengal on April 20, 1918. His father Shamser Ali was a prominent businessman in the area and his mother Meherunnisa Khanam was a housewife. He lost his mother when he was two years old. He was raised by his father and maternal uncles and aunts. He attended Muslim High School. After completion of his high school he attended Jagannath College and received his B.Com degree. He went for higher studies in Dhaka University but could not finish due to political involvement.
Political career.
Shawkat Ali was deeply involved with Tamaddun Majlish. On 30 December 1947, a meeting was called by Principal Abul Kashem at the Rashid Building. The first Rastrabhasa Sangram Parishad called "Tomuddin Majlish er Rashtrobhasha sub-committee" was formed under the leadership of Professor Abul Kashem. Shawkat Ali was elected as one of the members of that committee.
On March 2, 1948, he was elected one of the members of the second Language Movement sub-committee. The second sub-committee called a general strike throughout the country on 11the March, 1948. It was the first strike of the Language Movement. Shawkat Ali played an important role during that strike. He along with his friends started picketing in front of the second entrance of the Secretariat building. At one point of the picketing he halted the car carrying the Police S.P. Chatham and I.G. Zakir Hossain. Others picketing with him were Kazi Golam Mahboob and Engineer Barkat. When the I.G. handcuffed the other two activists, Shawkat Ali laid down in front of the car. The I.G. then said "you are under arrest too" and grabbed his hand. Shawkat Ali in return grabbed the shiny car bumper with his other hand. The car then started to move while dragging him along with the I.G. He was then arrested and taken away. Also arrested on that day were Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, Khaleque Nawaz Khan, Shamsul Huq, Oli Ahad, Abdul Wahed and others. Separate cases were filed against Shawkat Ali and Kazi Golam Mahboob.
All the arrestees were released on the evening of 15 March after signing the "Rashtrobhasha Chukti"(Language Movement Treaty). The authorities refused to free Shawkat Ali and Kazi Golam Mahbub because they had separate charges against them along with the charges for picketing. At this point the other released leaders and activists started shouting at the jail authorities and declared that they would not leave prison until all the leaders are freed. The authorities finally had to release the other leaders. Shawkat Ali along with Shaikh Mujibur Rahman then went to 150, Chawk Moghultuly and spent the night there.
On March 16, 1948, a student meeting was held at the Dhaka University Campus demanding Bengali to be the National Language. After the meeting Sheikh Mujibur Rahman led a rally towards the Assembly Hall. The rally passed Engineering College, Dhaka Medical College and reached the four corners near Assembly Hall. The students surrounded the Hall and laid a siege. The members of the assembly, the speaker, deputy speaker and the MPs were all encircled. Shawkat Ali, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and others engaged in a heated exchange of words with the MPs and the District Magistrate. Suddenly, the students came under attack by the police. The policemen started using batons, tear gas shells and fired blanks. Nineteen activists were injured that day and Shawkat Ali was the most seriously hurt.
The Language Movement reached its climax in 1952 with the indiscriminate shooting by the police at protesters and killing four young men - Abdus Salam, Rafiq Uddin Ahmed, Abul Barkat and Abdul Jabbar.
Shawkat Ali led and organised and led many of the protests, rallies and picketing during the tragic and fateful days of February, 1952. He was arrested again on March 2, 1952 and was imprisoned for a long time.
Death.
Shawkat Ali suffered a stroke on August 15, 1975 upon hearing the news of the Assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. He died on August 18, 1975 at the Holy Family Hospital, Dhaka. He is buried in Jurain graveyard in Dhaka.
Family.
On 1960, Shawkat Ali married Rahima Khatun, the vice-principal of Fazlul Haq Mohila College in Dhaka. They had three sons and a daughter.
Legacy.
In 2011 Shawkat Ali was awarded the Ekushey Padak one of the highest civilian awards in Bangladesh.
In recognition of his outstanding contribution to the Language Movement, with effect from January 17, 2010, Dhaka City Corporation renamed Dhanmondi Road No. 4/A after him.

</doc>
<doc id="5865254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865254" title="List of Austrochilidae species">
List of Austrochilidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Austrochilidae as of Nov. 21, 2013.
Austrochilus.
"Austrochilus" Gertsch & Zapfe, 1955
Hickmania.
"Hickmania" Gertsch, 1958
Thaida.
"Thaida" Karsch, 1880

</doc>
<doc id="5865261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865261" title="John Nelder">
John Nelder

John Ashworth Nelder FRS (8 October 1924 – 7 August 2010) was a British statistician known for his contributions to experimental design, analysis of variance, computational statistics, and statistical theory.
Contributions.
Nelder's work was influential in statistics. While leading research at Rothamsted Experimental Station, Nelder developed and supervised the updating of the statistical software packages GLIM and GenStat: Both packages are flexible high-level programming languages that allow statisticians to formulate linear models concisely. GLIM influenced later environments for statistical computing such as S-PLUS and R. Both GLIM and GenStat have powerful facilities for the analysis of variance for block experiments, an area where Nelder made many contributions.
In statistical theory, Nelder and Wedderburn proposed the generalized linear model. Generalized linear models were formulated by John Nelder and Robert Wedderburn as a way of unifying various other statistical models, including linear regression, logistic regression and Poisson regression. They proposed an iteratively reweighted least squares method for maximum likelihood estimation of the model parameters.
In statistical inference, Nelder (along with George Barnard and A. W. F. Edwards) emphasized the importance of the likelihood in data analysis, promoting this "likelihood approach" as an alternative to frequentist and Bayesian statistics.
In response-surface optimization, Nelder and Roger Mead proposed the , widely used in engineering and statistics.
Biography.
Born in Brushford, near Dulverton, Somerset, Nelder was educated at Blundell's School and Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, where he read mathematics.
Nelder's appointments included Head of the Statistics Section at the National Vegetable Research Station, Wellesbourne from 1951 to 1968 and Head of the Statistics Department at Rothamsted Experimental Station from 1968 to 1984. During his time at Wellesbourne he spent a year (1965–1966) at the Waite Institute in Adelaide, South Australia, where he worked with Graham Wilkinson on Genstat. He held an appointment as Visiting Professor at Imperial College London from 1972 onwards.
He was responsible, with Max Nicholson and James Ferguson-Lees, for debunking the Hastings Rarities - a series of rare birds, preserved by a taxidermist and provided with bogus histories.
Nelder died on 7 August 2010 in Luton and Dunstable Hospital, where he was recovering from a fall.
Awards and distinctions.
Nelder was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1976 and received the Royal Statistical Society's Guy Medal in Gold in 2005.
As tribute on his eightieth birthday, a festschrift "Methods and Models in Statistics: In Honour of Professor John Nelder, FRS" was edited by Niall Adams, Martin Crowder, David J Hand & Dave Stephens, Imperial College Press (2004).
The first annual John Nelder memorial lecture was help at Imperial College London, on 8 March 2012, as part of the Mathematics department Colloquium series. The lecture was given by John's long term co-author, Prof Peter McCullagh. An interview with Peter McCullagh, about statistical modelling, includes some reminiscences about John.

</doc>
<doc id="5865263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865263" title="Rex Perpetuus Norvegiae">
Rex Perpetuus Norvegiae

Rex Perpetuus Norvegiae (Latin), i.e. "Norway's Eternal King") is a term for Olaf the Holy, appearing in the 12th century.
Background.
In written sources, the term "Perpetuus rex Norvegiæ" appears only in "Historia Norvegiæ" from the second part of the 12th century.
The 1163 Succession Law stated that all kings after King Magnus I, the son of Olaf II, should not be considered as independent monarchs, but rather as vassals holding Norway as a fief from Saint Olaf.
King Magnus III of Norway and of Mann and the Isles, Olaf's great-nephew, was the first king known to use the Norwegian lion in his standard. However, Snorri is the only source for this. Almost 200 years later, in 1280, a crown and a silver axe were added to the lion. The axe represents Olaf II as 'martyr and saint'.

</doc>
<doc id="5865273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865273" title="Dan Birmingham">
Dan Birmingham

Dan Birmingham is a boxing trainer based in St. Petersburg, Florida, USA, who is best known for his work with the former World Light Middleweight Champion Winky Wright. Birmingham has been training Wright since he began his boxing career, and has remained with him to the present time.
Birmingham is the trainer of the 2000 Olympian and former IBF Super middleweight Champion, Jeff Lacy (a fellow St. Petersburg native) and the highly regarded boxing prospect, Chad Dawson.

</doc>
<doc id="5865287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865287" title="List of Barychelidae species">
List of Barychelidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Barychelidae as of Mar. 6, 2013.
Ammonius.
"Ammonius" Thorell, 1899
Atrophothele.
"Atrophothele" Pocock, 1903
Aurecocrypta.
"Aurecocrypta" Raven, 1994
Barycheloides.
"Barycheloides" Raven, 1994
Barychelus.
"Barychelus" Simon, 1889
Cosmopelma.
"Cosmopelma" Simon, 1889
Cyphonisia.
"Cyphonisia" Simon, 1889
Cyrtogrammomma.
"Cyrtogrammomma" Pocock, 1895
Diplothele.
"Diplothele" O. P.-Cambridge, 1890
Encyocrypta.
"Encyocrypta" Simon, 1889
Eubrachycercus.
"Eubrachycercus" Pocock, 1897
Fijocrypta.
"Fijocrypta" Raven, 1994
Idioctis.
"Idioctis" L. Koch, 1874
Idiommata.
"Idiommata" Ausserer, 1871
Idiophthalma.
"Idiophthalma" O. P.-Cambridge, 1877
Mandjelia.
"Mandjelia" Raven, 1994
Monodontium.
"Monodontium" Kulczynski, 1908
Moruga.
"Moruga" Raven, 1994
Natgeogia.
"Natgeogia" Raven, 1994
Neodiplothele.
"Neodiplothele" Mello-Leitao, 1917
Nihoa.
"Nihoa" Raven & Churchill, 1992
Orstom.
"Orstom" Raven, 1994
Ozicrypta.
"Ozicrypta" Raven, 1994
Paracenobiopelma.
"Paracenobiopelma" Feio, 1952
Pisenor.
"Pisenor" Simon, 1889
Plagiobothrus.
"Plagiobothrus" Karsch, 1891
Psalistops.
"Psalistops" Simon, 1889
Questocrypta.
"Questocrypta" Raven, 1994
Reichlingia.
"Reichlingia" Rudloff, 2001
Rhianodes.
"Rhianodes" Raven, 1985
Sason.
"Sason" Simon, 1887
Sasonichus.
"Sasonichus" Pocock, 1900
Seqocrypta.
"Seqocrypta" Raven, 1994
Sipalolasma.
"Sipalolasma" Simon, 1892
Strophaeus.
"Strophaeus" Ausserer, 1875
Synothele.
"Synothele" Simon, 1908
Thalerommata.
"Thalerommata" Ausserer, 1875
Tigidia.
"Tigidia" Simon, 1892
Trichopelma.
"Trichopelma" Simon, 1888
Trittame.
"Trittame" L. Koch, 1874
Troglothele.
"Troglothele" Fage, 1929
Tungari.
"Tungari" Raven, 1994
Zophorame.
"Zophorame" Raven, 1990
Zophoryctes.
"Zophoryctes" Simon, 1902

</doc>
<doc id="5865295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865295" title="Skinny Johnson">
Skinny Johnson

William C. "Skinny" Johnson (August 16, 1911 – February 5, 1980) was a well-known American basketball player during the 1930s. As a 6-4 (192 cm) center Johnson was among the tallest players of his time. The Oklahoma City native attended the University of Kansas (1929–33), where he was a three-year letterwinner under coach Phog Allen. He was named First-Team Big Six Conference twice (1932, 1933) as well as Second-Team Big Six Conference (1931) once. During the 1930s he played amateur basketball with several AAU teams. He briefly coached collegiate basketball at Cleveland Chiropractic College (1937) in Kansas City, Missouri as well. On May 2, 1977, Johnson was inducted to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame as a player.

</doc>
<doc id="5865307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865307" title="Euphorbia lathyris">
Euphorbia lathyris

Euphorbia lathyris (Caper Spurge or Paper Spurge) is a species of spurge native to southern Europe (France, Italy, Greece, and possibly southern England), northwest Africa, and eastward through southwest Asia to western China.
Other names occasionally used include Gopher Spurge, Gopher Plant or Mole Plant.
Growth.
It is an erect biennial (occasionally annual) plant growing up to 1.5 m tall, with a glaucous blue-green stem. The leaves are arranged in decussate opposite pairs, and are lanceolate, 5–15 cm long and 1-2.5 cm broad, glaucous blue-green with a waxy texture and pale greenish-white midrib and veins. The flowers are green to yellow-green, 4 mm diameter, with no petals. The seeds are green ripening brown or grey, produced in globular clusters 13–17 mm diameter of three seeds compressed together.
Chemical characteristics.
All parts of the plant, including the seeds and roots are poisonous. Handling may cause skin irritation as the plant produces latex. While poisonous to humans and most livestock, goats sometimes eat it and are immune to the toxin. However, the toxin can be passed through the goat's milk.
Habitat.
Away from its native range, it is widely naturalised in many regions, where it is often considered an invasive weed. It grows in partial shade to full sun in USDA zones 5–9.
Medicinal uses.
The Mole Plant is sold by some nurseries as it is believed to repel moles. It is used in folk medicine as a poison, antiseptic, and a purgative. It is used as a folk remedy for cancer, corns, and warts.
External links.
Stock illustrative images on Alamy

</doc>
<doc id="5865308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865308" title="List of Caponiidae species">
List of Caponiidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Caponiidae as of Apr. 16, 2013.
Calponia.
"Calponia" Platnick, 1993
Caponia.
"Caponia" Simon, 1887
Caponina.
"Caponina" Simon, 1891
Cubanops.
"Cubanops" Sánchez-Ruiz, Platnick & Dupérré, 2010
Diploglena.
"Diploglena" Purcell, 1904
Iraponia.
"Iraponia" Kranz-Baltensperger, Platnick & Dupérré, 2009
Laoponia.
"Laoponia" Platnick & Jäger, 2008
Nops.
"Nops" MacLeay, 1839
Nopsides.
"Nopsides" Chamberlin, 1924
Notnops.
"Notnops" Platnick, 1994
Nyetnops.
"Nyetnops" Platnick & Lise, 2007
Orthonops.
"Orthonops" Chamberlin, 1924
Taintnops.
"Taintnops" Platnick, 1994
Tarsonops.
"Tarsonops" Chamberlin, 1924
Tisentnops.
"Tisentnops" Platnick, 1994

</doc>
<doc id="5865321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865321" title="WWE Libraries">
WWE Libraries

WWE Libraries Inc. (branded as WWE Video Library) is a WWE-owned subsidiary that consists of the largest collection of professional wrestling videos and copyrights in the world. It is comprised not only of past and current works by WWE (formerly the World Wrestling Federation and World Wrestling Entertainment) but the works of now defunct professional wrestling promotions dating back to the 1940s. As of 2010, the library stands at over 100,000 hours of content including weekly television shows, pay-per-views, and recorded house shows. The collection represents a very significant portion of the visual history of modern professional wrestling in the United States and Canada. WWE has made their classic holdings available through numerous home-video releases, "WWE Vintage Collection" and the WWE Network.
The dates listed below for purchased organizations and libraries represent the duration of that company, and may not necessarily represent the extent of historical video owned.
Classic WWE holdings.
The library includes all past and present WWE tapes dating back to the 1950s, including all previous forms of the company:
Although not wrestling content, the library's holdings also include footage from various WWF/E produced ventures including the 1985-1987 cartoon series "Hulk Hogan's Rock 'n' Wrestling", the 1989 film "No Holds Barred", the World Bodybuilding Federation (1990-1992), the XFL (2001), and any motion pictures produced by WWE Films.
Non-WWE purchases.
For years WWE has engaged in a campaign of purchasing libraries of defunct wrestling promotions. The first significant purchases took place in 2001, when they bought the complete historical archives of their former competitor World Championship Wrestling. The purchase of Extreme Championship Wrestling in 2003 gave the company the majority of all national professional wrestling content available at the time.
National Wrestling Alliance.
Throughout its history, WWE has had a long relationship with the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA). For many decades, until the mid-1980s, the NWA acted as a governing body of the many various regional wrestling promotions, and membership allowed for decreased regional competition and the shared use of big-name stars for local events. WWE (as Capitol Wrestling) was a member of the NWA between 1952 and 1963, and again (as the WWF) between 1971 and 1983.
Jim Crockett Promotions was an NWA member for its entire existence, and by the end of the promotion's run "was", more or less, the NWA, thanks to its control of the largest regional NWA promotions. This was exemplified by the presence of all major NWA titles in World Championship Wrestling when Crockett Promotions morphed into WCW in the 1980s. WCW's relationship with the NWA was even more convoluted than WWE's, until WCW left the NWA in 1993.
As a result of WWE's former membership in the NWA, through its ownership of WCW and its predecessor libraries, and through its ownership of Extreme Championship Wrestling (which was an NWA member until it suddenly severed ties in 1994) and other smaller regional promotions, WWE owns a vast amount of NWA footage, making up the majority of significant NWA matches from the 1970s, 1980s and early 1990s.
Condition.
Although professional wrestling has been on television throughout the medium's existence, not all broadcasts were recorded, nor necessarily saved, and most promotions did not have a regular television presence until the 1970s. Many promotions taped over everything, so very little footage is around. The historical availability of individual, non-televised matches is also incomplete, as likely only the most significant bouts were recorded for posterity, and can be lost to time.
A number of factors have adversely affected the quality of some surviving tapes. For example, upon taking control of the World Championship Wrestling library it was noted that the tapes were unlabeled and not categorized. The condition of some WCW tapes is such that WWE could not air them on WWE Classics On Demand, or on the current WWE Network.
Editing.
WWE owns the unedited master tapes for all content in the library, however, due to a lawsuit over the "WWF" initials brought on by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) from May 2002 until June 2012 they were not allowed to use the letters WWF or the "scratch" logo used between 1998 and 2002 (the pre-1998 logo was not covered under this lawsuit, with a variation of this being used in the November 15, 2010 WWE "Raw" Old School edition). As a result, any instances of someone saying "WWF" (though not World Wrestling Federation) were edited and shots of the "scratch" logo were either removed or blurred on re-airings or video releases released during that time frame, except for the UK exclusive WWE Tagged Classics DVD range. In late July 2012, WWE reached a settlement with the WWF which once again allows them to use the "WWF" initials and scratch logo on archive footage. Unedited footage first appeared on "Raw 1000" and since then has appeared in full length matches posted to the WWE website and home video releases. In exchange, WWE is no longer permitted to use the WWF initials or logo in any new, original footage, with any old-school logos for retro-themed programming now using the original WWF logo, but modified without the F.
Music rights issues are also reason for occasional editing by WWE of its library when airing or releasing videos. While most wrestlers' entrance themes are done in-house by WWE composer Jim Johnston and are therefore owned by WWE, those whose music is not owned by WWE are often dubbed over with cheaper alternatives rather than providing the original audio, in lieu of WWE paying licensing fees to the writers/performers of the original songs. Videos heavily affected in particular by these cost-cutting decisions are those featuring footage from Extreme Championship Wrestling, which was famous for using recordings by mainstream music acts such as Metallica, AC/DC and Dr. Dre for their wrestlers' entrances, although AC/DC and Metallica has provided music for WWE pay-per-view events as well. Exceptions to non-Johnston composed themes that WWE leaves in its archives are either songs that are in the public domain (most notably the "Dawn" section of "Also sprach Zarathustra" that is used by Ric Flair as well as "Pomp and Circumstance", which was used by Gorgeous George and later Randy Savage) or songs that the WWE acquired from its purchase of WCW, most notably the entrance music to Booker T.
Due to a 1991 lawsuit matches featuring Jesse Ventura on commentary were dubbed over for subsequent releases. However, matches featuring Ventura commentating will air with unaltered audio on the WWE Network.
Since 2007, WWE has edited footage featuring Chris Benoit due to the crimes Benoit committed at the end of his life. WWE has released some footage of Benoit from its own library as well as WCW and ECW in the years since, but have always been group shots where Benoit wasn't the featured individual. Benoit's wife Nancy Benoit, who wrestled in WCW as Woman, was initially removed, but footage of her was later re-added. The WWE Network airs footage featuring Benoit, but an advisory warning is displayed by WWE before each archival airing featuring Benoit.

</doc>
<doc id="5865330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865330" title="Impulse noise (audio)">
Impulse noise (audio)

Impulse noise is a category of (acoustic) noise which includes unwanted, almost instantaneous (thus impulse-like) sharp sounds (like clicks and pops). Noises of the kind are usually caused by electromagnetic interference, scratches on the recording disks, and ill synchronization in digital recording and communication. High levels of such a noise ( 200 + Decibels ) may damage internal organs, while 180 Decibels are enough to destroy or damage human ears.
An impulse noise filter can be used to enhance the quality of noisy signals, in order to achieve robustness in pattern recognition and adaptive control systems. A classic filter used to remove impulse noise is the median filter, at the expense of signal degradation. Thus it's quite common, in order to get better performing impulse noise filters, to use model-based systems that know the properties of the noise and source signal (in time or frequency), in order to remove only impulse obliterated samples.

</doc>
<doc id="5865357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865357" title="Lee Andrews">
Lee Andrews

Lee Andrews (born 23 April 1984 in Carlisle, Cumbria) is an English former professional footballer, currently playing for Workington in the Conference North.
Football career.
Andrews began his career as a trainee with his local side Carlisle United, turning professional in August 2001 and making his league debut later month in a 2-0 defeat at home to Luton Town. He had spell as a regular in the Carlisle side at right-back, before losing his place. He joined Rochdale on loan in February 2003, before returning to Carlisle and regaining his place in the first team, signing a new two-year contract in May 2004. After playing in a Carlisle side relegated to and promoted from the Football Conference, Andrews joined York City on loan in November 2005 and as Carlisle successfully battled for a second successive promotion, moved to Torquay United, struggling at the opposite end of the table on loan in March 2006.
He was released by Carlisle at the end of the 2005-06 season, and returned to Plainmoor on a permanent basis in June 2006 as one of Ian Atkins’, first signings after taking over as manager. Atkins had been manager of Carlisle while Andrews was a trainee there. He was an ever-present for Torquay in the 2006-07 season, which ended with Torquay's relegation to the Conference National. Although offered a new contract with Torquay at the end of the season, he chose to return to the North of England.
In September 2007 he signed for Newcastle Blue Star, moving to Workington in April 2008.
He also currently is employed by a local secondary school, William Howard School, as a caretaker.
References.
http://www.newsandstar.co.uk/home/workington-reds-survive-scare-in-fa-cup-win-1.762164

</doc>
<doc id="5865364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865364" title="List of Clubionidae species">
List of Clubionidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Clubionidae as of Dec. 13, 2013.
Arabellata.
"Arabellata" Baert, Versteirt & Jocqué, 2010
Carteroniella.
"Carteroniella" Strand, 1907
Carteronius.
"Carteronius" Simon, 1897
Clubiona.
"Clubiona" Latreille, 1804
Clubionina.
"Clubionina" Berland, 1947
Dorymetaecus.
"Dorymetaecus" Rainbow, 1920
Elaver.
"Elaver" O. P.-Cambridge, 1898
Invexillata.
"Invexillata" Versteirt, Baert & Jocqué, 2010
Malamatidia.
"Malamatidia" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Matidia.
"Matidia" Thorell, 1878
Nusatidia.
"Nusatidia" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Pristidia.
"Pristidia" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Pteroneta.
"Pteroneta" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Scopalio.
"Scopalio" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Simalio.
"Simalio" Simon, 1897
Tixcocoba.
"Tixcocoba" Gertsch, 1977

</doc>
<doc id="5865377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865377" title="On with the Show (1929 film)">
On with the Show (1929 film)

On with the Show! is a 1929 American musical film released by Warner Bros. The film is noted as the first ever all-talking, all-color feature length movie, and the second color movie released by Warner Bros.; the first was a partly color, black-and-white musical, "The Desert Song" (1929).
Plot.
With unpaid actors and staff, the stage show "Phantom Sweetheart" seems doomed. To complicate matters, the box office takings have been robbed and the leading lady refuses to appear. The cast includes William Bakewell as the head usher eager to get his sweetheart, box-office girl Sally O'Neil, noticed as a leading girl. Betty Compson plays the temperamental star and Arthur Lake the whiny young male lead. Louise Fazenda is the company's eccentric comedienne. Joe E. Brown plays the part of a mean comedian who constantly argues with Arthur Lake. 
Songs.
, and Danced by Marion Fairbanks and Madeline Fairbanks
Production and promotion.
Warner Bros. promoted "On with the Show!" as being in "natural color." The pioneers of sound were the first to introduce full talking combined with full color. Adverts proclaimed 'Now color takes to the screen'. The novelty of the color alone was enough to ensure a worldwide gross of over $2 million. For Warner's this would be the first in a series of contracted films made in color.
The film generated much interest in Hollywood and virtually overnight, most other major studios began films shot in the process. The film would be eclipsed by the far greater success of the second Technicolor film, "Gold Diggers of Broadway". ("Song of the West" was actually completed first but had its release delayed until March of 1930). The original negative of "On With the Show" is now lost and no Technicolor prints have survived, only prints in black-and-white. A fragment of an original color print lasting about 20 seconds surfaced in 2005.
The film was a combination of a few genres. Part backstage musical using the now familiar 'show within a show' format, part mystery and part comedy. It featured famed singer Ethel Waters in two songs written and staged for the film. "Am I Blue?" and "Birmingham Bertha" (with dancer John Bubbles).
DVD release.
In December 2009, "On with the Show!" was made available on manufactured-on-demand DVD by the Warner Archive Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="5865388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865388" title="Rosetta (orbit)">
Rosetta (orbit)

A Rosetta orbit is a complex type of orbit. Theoretically, an object approaching a black hole with an intermediate velocity (not slow enough to spiral into the hole and not fast enough to escape) will enter a complex orbit pattern, bounded by a near and far distance to the hole and tracing an oscillating pattern known as a hypotrochoid. 
In quantum mechanics, the Rosetta orbit is a solution for spherically symmetric but not 1/r potentials.

</doc>
<doc id="5865402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865402" title="St. Francis de Sales High School (Toledo, Ohio)">
St. Francis de Sales High School (Toledo, Ohio)

St. Francis de Sales High School or SFS is a private, all-male, college-preparatory high school in Toledo, Ohio. It is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Toledo. The school was named as one of the top 20 Catholic high schools in the nation for academics by Catholic High School Honor Roll for the second time in 2005 and 2006.
About the school.
St. Francis de Sales High School is a college preparatory school run by the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales, a religious congregation of the Roman Catholic Church. 
The School opened on September 14, 1955 as the greater Toledo area’s second college-preparatory high school. The school's athletic teams have won 26 official and unofficial state championships in; football, basketball, tennis, wrestling, swimming and diving, water polo, and hockey, as well as numerous State Runners-Up, Regional Titles, District Titles and City League Titles. The AquaKnight swim team's 42-year district title streak is the 2nd longest winning streak in any high school sport in the nation behind Cedar Rapids Washington boys swim team's 46 consecutive district titles. Named after Saint Francis de Sales, the gentleman saint, the community has been described as a family-like group and has a very active alumni base both in the city of Toledo and throughout the country. The school awards a great deal of aid in order to offer an opportunity to students, regardless of socioeconomic background. The mascot is the Knight.
Campus.
The campus of St. Francis is located on twenty-five acres. The campus includes an eight-lane swimming pool, an eight-lane track, baseball field, football fields and a soccer field. In 2005, the school introduced a $14 million renovation/addition. In the renovation/addition, St. Francis built a new chapel, arts wing, fitness/weight room and new locker rooms. The school is located in a historic area of Toledo, on Bancroft Street, just one-half mile from the University of Toledo. 
In the fall of 2012 The Student Achievement Center was added to the school. The addition included 2,500 square feet of space for tutoring, a computer lab, and private meeting rooms for students.
School body.
There are 600+ students. There are 56 faculty members, which results with a student-teacher ratio of 13:1. Six teachers have their Ph.D., and 28 have their master’s degree. St. Francis draws students from all around Northwest Ohio and Southeast Michigan. Most of the students attended Catholic grade schools, although 30% come from public schools.
Admission and tuition.
Freshmen are accepted on the basis of a placement examination with regard to the recommendation of their grade school. Transfer students are accepted on an individual basis after consideration of their high school transcripts.
Tuition and fees for 2013-2014 is around $10,400. Scholarships awarded include: Academic Scholarships for superior performance on the entrance examination; Merit Scholarships based on academic performance and need; St. Francis Scholarships awarded through parish schools; and Brisson Work Scholarships based on need.
Spirituality.
St. Francis offers various levels of retreat programs for its students. All freshmen and sophomores participate in daylong retreats which are carefully structured and planned for their age-level interests and concerns. Juniors and seniors are required to participate in at least one approved retreat experience during the 11th or 12th grade year. In addition, students are required to take eight semesters of Theology, and at least 30 service hours both Junior and Senior year are required for graduation.
In 2005, St. Francis invested in a new chapel facing the front of the school, where throughout the school year, all students are encouraged to participate in mass. These include opening school, Thanksgiving, and holy day liturgies; days of recollection; reconciliation services; etc.
Academics.
There are eight academic departments: Theology, English, Foreign Language, Mathematics, Science, Social Studies, Applied and Fine Arts, and Health & Physical Education. Every student at St. Francis is required to take a core program of 4 years of English, religion, math, and science (including 2 basic lab sciences from biology, chemistry, physics); 2.5 years of physical education and health; 3 years of social studies; 2 years of a foreign language (3 years highly recommended); 1 year of basic art; and 0.5 year of computer science.
In addition to academic requirements, all students are encouraged to participate in service projects. Formal projects, approved by the Christian Service Department, are a requirement for the sophomore, junior, and senior classes.
Athletics.
In athletics, the Knights had been long members of the Toledo City League before joining the Three Rivers Athletic Conference in 2011. Particularly, Knight Swimming, Water Polo, hockey,and lacrosse stand out in the athletic venue. School colors are blue and red. Their biggest rivalries include the fellow all-boys school St. John's Jesuit and Co-Ed Central Catholic. St. Francis also has football rivalries with Whitmer and Start. The AquaKnights have a rivalry with Cincinnati St. Xaiver and Knight Icers have rivalries with St. Johns Jesuit and Sylvania Northview. The swim team has a particularly strong history; winning 42 straight Northwest Ohio District Championships beginning in 1966 spanning until their defeat by rival St. John's in February 2008, a national record.
Ohio High School Athletic Association State Championships.
The St. Francis Knights hold more state titles than any other Catholic school in the Diocese of Toledo, and any other high school in the greater Toledo area. 
The Irish Knight.
The Irish Knight is awarded to the winner of the Central Catholic High School and St. Francis de Sales High School football game. The winning school receives and hosts the Irish Knight in their school, along with bragging rights.
CCHS currently holds the Irish Knight after winning 41-9, however, SFS leads 28-26-1 in Irish Knight games. There has only been one overtime game, which occurred in 2003.
All-Sports Trophy.
Since 1974, when the All-Sports Trophy was introduced, the Knights of St. Francis de Sales High School have held or shared the trophy ten times. They held the trophy in 1975, 1983, 1984, 1987, 1992, 1994, 2001, and 2005, and they shared with St. John's Jesuit in 2000 and 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5865404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865404" title="DAC Beachcroft">
DAC Beachcroft

DAC Beachcroft LLP is an international law firm headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It has around 1,400 lawyers across the UK, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and North America. It provides a full-service claims, commercial, risk, advisory and transactional capability, primarily in health, insurance and real estate.
International associations.
Member of Harmonie Group of law firms providing coverage across North America and Europe; working in association with JBO Advocacia (Brazil). Joint ventures with KS Partners (India) and Canadian firm McCague Borlack.
Affiliates and subsidiaries.
DAC Beachcroft Claims Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of DAC Beachcroft LLP. It is a limited company registered in England and Wales (registered number 04218278).
DAC Beachcroft LLP is licensed to operate as a foreign law firm in Singapore. It advises on the law and legal procedures applicable in England and Wales.
DAC Beachcroft New Zealand Limited and is an affiliate of DAC Beachcroft LLP. DAC Beachcroft LLP also operates out of the Auckland office of DAC Beachcroft New Zealand.
DAC Beachcroft Dublin is an Irish law firm affiliated to DAC Beachcroft LLP and the owners/equity partners of DAC Beachcroft Dublin are all owners/equity partners of DAC Beachcroft LLP.
DAC Beachcroft LLP operates in Madrid through DAC Beachcroft SLPU.
DAC Beachcroft SC is a Sociedad Civil incorporated in accordance with the laws of the United Mexican States.
DAC Beachcroft Chile Limitada is incorporated in accordance with the Laws of Chile.
DAC Beachcroft Scotland LLP is an affiliate of DAC Beachcroft LLP. It is a limited liability partnership, registered in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="5865429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865429" title="Unfair preference">
Unfair preference

An unfair preference (or "voidable preference") is a legal term arising in bankruptcy law where a person or company transfers assets or pays a debt to a creditor shortly before going into bankruptcy, that payment or transfer can be set aside on the application of the liquidator or trustee in bankruptcy as an unfair preference or simply a preference.
The law on unfair preferences varies from country to country, but characteristically, to set a transaction or payment aside as an unfair preference, the liquidator will need to show that:
In most countries an application to have a transaction set aside as a preference can only be made by the liquidator or trustee in bankruptcy (as the person making the payment must be in bankruptcy, and thus they are not normally liable to suits from other creditors).
The effect of a successful application to have a transaction declared as an unfair preference varies. Inevitably the creditor which received the payment or assets has to return it to the liquidator. In some countries the assets are treated in the normal way, and may be taken by any secured creditors who have a security interest which catches the assets (characteristically, a floating charge). However, some countries have "ring-fenced" recoveries of unfair preferences so that they are made available to the pool of assets for unsecured creditors.
An unfair preference has some of the same characteristics as a fraudulent conveyance, but legally they are separate concepts. There is not normally any requirement to prove an intention to defraud to recover assets under an unfair preference application. However, similar to fraudulent conveyance applications, unfair preferences are often seen in connection with asset protection schemes that are entered into too late by the putative bankrupt.
Many jurisdictions provide for an exception in the case of transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business with a view to keeping the company trading, and such transactions are usually either validated or presumed to be validated.
In individual jurisdictions.
United States.
A preference in U.S. federal bankruptcy law is a transfer of property by a debtor to its creditor, on account of a pre-existing debt, that is made while the debtor is insolvent and gives the creditor more than it would obtain in a liquidation of the debtor's assets in a bankruptcy proceeding. It is primarily a creature of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, although some states have similar state laws. If the preferential transaction takes place within a specified period of time before the filing of bankruptcy by or on behalf of the debtor, then the debtor's trustee in bankruptcy is authorized to recover the property preferentially transferred. The mechanism of recovery is the avoidance of the transfer. After such avoidance, the recovered property becomes property of the bankruptcy estate. The period is usually 90 days. However, if the preferential transfer is made to an "insider," then the period is one year. An "insider" is generally a relative or one who has the ability to control the activities of the debtor. The Bankruptcy Code provides some exemptions from these rules to accommodate transfers intended to be contemporaneous, made in the ordinary course of business or to the extent they are made for new value, and others.
All of the following examples assume that the requirements for a preference that are set out above exist at the time the transfer is made.
Switzerland.
Under Swiss law, creditors who hold a certificate of unpaid debts against the debtor, or creditors in a bankruptcy, may file suit against third parties who have benefited from unfair preferences or fraudulent transfers by the debtor prior to a seizure of assets or a bankruptcy.

</doc>
<doc id="5865436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865436" title="Anne O'Brien, 2nd Countess of Orkney">
Anne O'Brien, 2nd Countess of Orkney

Anne Douglas-Hamilton, 2nd Countess of Orkney (1696 – 6 December 1756) was a Scottish noblewoman and the eldest daughter of Field Marshal George Hamilton, 1st Earl of Orkney, and Elizabeth Villiers.
She was also known as Anne O'Brien, Countess Inchiquin through marriage with her first cousin William O'Brien, 4th Earl of Inchiquin, "the" O'Brien, Chief of the Name, Prince of Thomond, and Lord of Dál gCais. They had a daughter Lady Mary "circa." 1721.

</doc>
<doc id="5865437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865437" title="Chichester (disambiguation)">
Chichester (disambiguation)

Chichester is a city in West Sussex, England. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5865440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865440" title="Macedonian parliamentary election, 2002">
Macedonian parliamentary election, 2002

Parliamentary elections were held in Macedonia on 15 September 2002. The result was a victory for the Together for Macedonia, an alliance of the Social Democratic Union of Macedonia, the Liberal Democratic Party, the Democratic Party of Turks, the Democratic League of Bosniaks, the United Party of Romas in Macedonia, the Democratic Party of Serbs, the Democratic Union of Vlachs, the Workers-Peasant Party, the Socialist Christian Party of Macedonia and the Green Party of Macedonia, which won 60 of the 120 seats in the Assembly.
Electoral system.
A new electoral law was passed prior to the election, replacing the system in which 35 members of the Assembly were elected by proportional representation at the national level and 85 elected in single member constituencies. In the new system, the country was divided into six constituencies that elected 20 members each by proportional representation. Seats were allocated using the d'Hondt method with an electoral threshold of 5%.

</doc>
<doc id="5865443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865443" title="Jay Diamond">
Jay Diamond

Jay Diamond is a former American talk radio host from the Manhattan Beach neighborhood of Brooklyn who began his move to the mic by being a frequent caller to other radio programs, especially New York City's popular Bob Grant. 
His last scheduled broadcast was in Boston, Massachusetts, his "Jay Diamond Show" appearing on WRKO until 2005. Before that, he broadcast for several years in New York City, first on WABC (then home to Bob Grant, who at the time considered Diamond a sort of protégé), then on WEVD, and finally WOR. He has a Facebook page.
He is a voice impressionist and has given short radio plays performed by "The Mighty Diamond Art Players," all of whom are himself. One of his famous impersonations was of Al Sharpton. Diamond also parodied the speaking style of other New York City politicians, such as then-Governor Mario Cuomo and former Mayor Ed Koch.
References.
http://blog.buzzflash.com/contributors/1962

</doc>
<doc id="5865448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865448" title="Grantville (1632 series)">
Grantville (1632 series)

Grantville is a fictional town in Marion County, West Virginia that appears in Eric Flint's "1632" series. The American town - including land, people, resources and all - was transported back in time from the year 2000 to the middle of 17th-century Europe in central Germany by irresponsible aliens. Grantville was modeled after the real town of Mannington, West Virginia.
Fictional history.
In the spring of 2000, a space-time anomaly caused by the Assiti, an alien race of "artists", transports the small mining town of Grantville to central Germany in the middle of the Thirty Years' War. Stranded in the past, the town's citizens decide to live in this new universe and to "Start the American Revolution Central Germany 150 years early", in the words of (soon to be) President of the 'New United States' Mike Stearns in 1631 Europe. In "1632", the "Grantvillers" (called "up-timers") first allied with neighboring free towns and cities such as Jena and (fictional) Badenburg to "expand" the 'New United States' systematically as 1631 dragged into 1632, including several early battles to defend allied territory which were pivotal in the rapid growth of the new (radical to 17th century thought) "United States".
Loosely allied with Swedish King Gustavus II Adolphus against the Catholic League led by the day's super powers, Kingdom of Spain and Holy Roman Empire over the winter of 1631–32, and following summer, the "up-timers" had early on organized a mixed army of "down-timer" Germans and "up-timer" and leadership under Michael Stearns to protect the region. While arrangements with Gustav were cordial, they were not close until the "up-timers" used their influence to arrange favorable financial terms for Gustav to borrow funds for his war aims. Among other things, the New United States had expropriated the Thuringian territories of Gustav's only reliable German princes, the Duke of Saxe-Weimar and his brothers (also styled as Dukes of Saxe-Weimar).
With the rumor of this arrangement, the mere possibility of the alliance of an economically strong NUS with Gustavus caused Cardinal Richelieu to switch his support of the Swedish king in the spring of 1632 and generated a direct battle in Grantville in the fall of 1632 with Croatian cavalry forces sent by Catholic General Albrecht von Wallenstein towards the end of the first book to destroy Grantville and its knowledge base. Gustavus himself, leading a small cavalry scouting group, deduced the pending attack and enemy's plan and led his small force of 400 Laplanders and Finnish light cavalry in a "hell ride" pursuing the enemy cavalry arriving in time annihilating the remaining enemy forces at the town's high school. With the rescue, Stearns recognized the inevitable, the NUS needed a strong protector, and he and Gustav began negotiating an accommodation in the high school library with Rebecca Abrabanel as translator, even as wounded were being triaged and the bodies were being cleared from the hallways and grounds. 
The Confederated Principalities of Europe that occasioned at the books end lasted merely a year, ending on the founding of the United States of Europe (October 10, 1633—thereafter "Hans Richter Day" in the German parts of the new empire.) with Stearns as Emperor Gustav's new Prime Minister. Under the new regime, Grantville became the provincial capital of the State of Thuringia-Franconia and the Grantvillers found themselves administering the conquered territory of Franconia as well as their parts of Thuringia—most of which belonged to the Dukes of Saxe-Weimar, including nearby free cities and towns.
Resources of Grantville.
The web forum 1632 Tech Manual spent nearly two years outlining and debating what the likely resources might have been in the (radius) sphere that came along with the town of Grantville when it experienced the "Ring of Fire" transitioning it to 1631 Thuringia. A power plant, coal mine (shut down), various trucks, railway rolling stock, tracks, cars, and two libraries were detailed and cataloged by the 1632 Tech Manual process and at 1632.org.

</doc>
<doc id="5865451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865451" title="Mary O'Brien, 3rd Countess of Orkney">
Mary O'Brien, 3rd Countess of Orkney

She was Deaf-mute and was married by signs, in 1753, to her first cousin, Murrough O'Brien, fifth Earl of Inchiquin, first Marquess of Thomond, and first Baron Thomond, of Taplow, in England, K.P. She lived with her husband at his seat, Rostellan, on the harbor of Cork. She succeeded to the Earldom on 5 December 1766, when her mother died without male issue. By his Lordship, she had an only surviving daughter, Mary, the fourth Countess. The Marquess of Thomond died in consequence of his horse falling with him in Grosvenor Square, on 10 February 1808, in his 85th year. The Countess of Orkney died on the 10th of May 1790.

</doc>
<doc id="5865468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865468" title="Mary FitzMaurice, 4th Countess of Orkney">
Mary FitzMaurice, 4th Countess of Orkney

Mary FitzMaurice, 4th Countess of Orkney (4 September 1755 – 30 December 1831) was a Scottish "suo jure" peeress, the only surviving child of Murrough O'Brien, 1st Marquess of Thomond and Mary O'Brien, 3rd Countess of Orkney.
Born Mary O'Brien, she was married to the Hon. Thomas FitzMaurice, younger brother of the 1st Marquess of Lansdowne, on 21 December 1777. Their son, born in 1778, was John FitzMaurice, Viscount Kirkwall (who was the father of the 5th Earl of Orkney, Thomas John Hamilton FitzMaurice). She succeeded her mother on 10 May 1791. Her husband died in 1793 with the Countess retaining possession of "Cliveden", now owned by the UK National Trust and once the family seat of the Earl of Orkney.

</doc>
<doc id="5865478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865478" title="Thomas FitzMaurice, 5th Earl of Orkney">
Thomas FitzMaurice, 5th Earl of Orkney


</doc>
<doc id="5865510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865510" title="George FitzMaurice, 6th Earl of Orkney">
George FitzMaurice, 6th Earl of Orkney

George William Hamilton FitzMaurice, 6th Earl of Orkney (6 May 1827 – 21 October 1889) was a Scottish nobleman.
George FitzMaurice was the son of Thomas FitzMaurice, 5th Earl of Orkney and the Hon. Charlotte Irby. He married Amelia de Samuel in London in 1872. They had no children.
He joined the 71st Highlanders Regiment as a Captain from the 92nd Regiment in 1853 and saw action in the Crimea in 1855. He transferred to the Scots Fusilier Guards in 1856 and retired in 1857.
On his death in London the title passed to his nephew, Edmond FitzMaurice, 7th Earl of Orkney

</doc>
<doc id="5865521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865521" title="Stompin 76 music festival">
Stompin 76 music festival

Stompin 76 Music Festival was known as "the greatest Bluegrass festival in history". The 3 day camp-out music took place Friday through Sunday, August 6, 7 and 8 in 1976, eight miles north of Galax, VA at the New River Jam Site owned by the Lawson family. Not associated with the performer Doyle Lawson. 1976 was the year of the US Bicentennial and young people were looking for a party. That summer the big concert tour staged in large arenas and stadiums was Elton John and Dave Mason. Stompin 76 was promoted at these concerts from Boston to Miami. The promotion is almost as legendary as the event itself.
Over 100,000 attended Stompin' 76; including many who were clogged on Carroll County, VA area roads. Others parked on the interstate and walked up to 11 miles to reach the epic event from Interstate 77. This one great music festival would come to be known as "The Woodstock Of Bluegrass".
For three days in the summer of the American Bicentennial, 90 miles west of Roanoke, Virginia, just a stone's throw from the North Carolina border, bluegrass and blues abounded. Outdoor music festival lovers from all parts of the eastern US gathered for that historic weekend. Helicopters and motorcycles were used to get performers and supplies in and out of the rural site located next to the New River in Southwest Virginia.
Appearing on one stage: Bonnie Raitt, Earl Scruggs, Lester Flatt & Nashville Grass, Vassar Clements Ry Cooder, John Hartford, Osborne Brothers, The Rowans, John Prine, Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, Doc & Merle Watson, The Dillards, Hickory Wind, New Grass Revival, Red, White and Bluegrass, Nashville Bluegrass Band, Papa John Creach, David Bromberg, Star Spangled Washboard Band, Eric Weisberg and Deliverance, Grass On The Rocks, Good Ol' Boys, Joe and Bing.
Three days of fun and music, all for only $12.00 advance/ $15.00 at the gate! As a result of the disturbance the event created in this rural community, the county instituted laws to control outdoor music festivals. The popularity of Stompin 76 is a contributing factor to the growth of the Galax Fiddler's Convention in the late 1970s.
Promoter Hal Davidson, a Maryland native, was a mere 20 years old at the time. He established a concert company in Las Vegas the year before, Cactus Productions, Inc., which was the name of the company behind Stompin 76. Hal conceived the idea for a large music festival in mid-February 1976 at his roommate's Reisterstown, MD apartment. Davidson had tired of promoting small venue concerts such as Thin Lizzy, Golden Earring, Spirit, Niles Lofgren, Leslie West, Natalie Cole, Chick Corea and a slew of now classic concerts, in 1975 at U of Maryland Baltimore County, Painter's Mill Music Fair and the Lyric Theater in Baltimore.
In 2010 Davidson said the 2,500-4,000 seat venues multiplied times the anemic $5.50-$7.50 going ticket price at the time, made those concerts fun but not necessarily profitable. He felt a major rock festival was needed. When he found out the cost of major rock acts, he decided on bluegrass with a touch of blues. It would be 3 days, there would be camping and 22 great bands. Stompin 76 was born.
With a Baltimore staff about his same age, Hal Davidson rented a Beechcraft Baron 6 seat airplane, an ex-Vietnam pilot and started promoted the event intensely throughout 20 states March 1, 1976. The huge attendance is attributed to the massive marketing, great line-up and a special summer, being the bicentennial year.
An unrelenting 21 week marketing campaign included dozens of eastern US radio stations, "Rolling Stone"/ "Village Voice" ads, newspaper ads, articles, aerial banners over major beaches and pervasive flyer/ poster campaigns at concerts made this was one of the original organized festival street teams. The posters said "Super Sound in Our Natural Amphitheater and Free Camping and Parking On Hundreds of Wooded Acres". Tens of thousands of red, white and blue long lasting vinyl bumper stickers were distributed through street teams and mailed back with each ticket order. The great majority of 30,000 or so tickets sold were purchased through mail order. Ticketron, the predecessor of TicketMaster was not in operation until July, 1976, though tickets were available at a approx. 25 ticket outlets including Kemp Mill Records in MD, National Record Mart in PA, WV and VA, Strawberry's in Boston and Globe Records in OH and many independent records stores in NC, VA and MD.
The great majority of attendees entered for free. Hal Davidson blames CES, the Baltimore based security company which said to him at the event they wanted an additional $30,000 to secure the perimeter that they "were not hired to do that". The promoter told them the damage was already done and he wasn't paying them any more than he had. Appalled and stunned, he never spoke to them again.
In 1998 an attendee from New Castle, VA named Pete said: "The strongest memories are the musical ones. Bonnie Raitt doing a searing 'Love Me Like A Man'. The Dillards doing a gospel number, their acapella voices drifting through the Virginia countryside. These memories will stay in my soul forever."
In 2006, writing into the Stompin76 web site, Turtle said: "15 yrs old at the time. Traveled down from PA in a four vehicle caravan. Couldn't get any closer than a few miles from the music. Hiked to the music, when I came back my people moved camp. Didn't see them for 3 days. Run ins with Pagans bikers, Moonshine vendors, young ladies of questionable morals and flash floods. What a BIG time for a teenager."
Hal Davidson is now a concert and festival consultant residing in Maryland. He has planned and produces major festivals for clients in many states and in Australia, Cyprus and Canada. 2006 was the 30th anniversary of this event. Davidson has also authored comprehensive promoting manuals available on his websites. His main websites are concert-promotions.com, rentapromoter.com. Hal stays in touch with Stompin fans and sells Stompin 76 tee shirts at the event's Official web site, <www.stompin76.com>. Many attendees and their decedents still talk about wild experiences and forging close relationships lasting a lifetime at the web site. "Bluegrass music did it!" said Davidson in 2010.
In 2013 there was discussion with members of the Hillsville, Virginia community about another Stompin, but Hal said "it was unlikely a 40th Anniversary festival would take place in 2016. All the stars must align, but you never know".
Stompin 76 Sticker on concert-promotions.com website
Stompin 76 Music Festival Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="5865535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865535" title="FANatic">
FANatic

"This article is about the MTV series" FANatic. "For the Canadian TV documentary series" FANatical, "see" FANatical.
FANatic is an American TV show that was shown on the MTV network in the late 1990s. It featured everyday people being tricked into going somewhere and unexpectedly meeting their idol (musician, actor, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="5865545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865545" title="Post-creole continuum">
Post-creole continuum

The post-creole continuum or simply creole continuum refers to a situation wherein a creole language consists of a spectrum of varieties between those most and least similar to the superstrate language (that is, a closely related language whose speakers assert dominance of some sort). Due to social, political, and economic factors, a creole language can decreolize towards one of the languages from which it is descended, aligning its morphology, phonology, and syntax to the local standard of the dominant language but to different degrees depending on a speaker's status.
Stratification.
William Stewart, in 1965, proposed that the terms acrolect and basilect be the sociolinguistic labels for the upper and lower boundaries respectively of a post-creole speech continuum. In the early 1970s Derek Bickerton popularized these terms (as well as mesolect for intermediate points in the continuum) to refer to the phenomenon of code-switching used by some users of creole languages who also have some fluency in the standard language upon which the contact language is based. University of Chicago linguist Salikoko Mufwene explains the phenomenon of creole languages as "basilectalization" away from a standard, often European, language among a mixed European and non-European population. In certain speech communities, a continuum exists between speakers of a creole language and a related standard language. There are no discrete boundaries between the different varieties and the situation in which such a continuum exists involves considerable social stratification.
The following table (from ) shows the 18 different ways of rendering the phrase "I gave him one" in Guyanese English:
The continuum shown has the acrolect form as (which is nearly identical with Standard English) while the basilect form is . Due to code-switching, most speakers have a command of a range in the continuum and, depending on social position, occupation, etc. can implement the different levels with various levels of skill.
If a society is so stratified as to have little to no contact between groups who speak the creole and those who speak the superstrate (dominant) language, a situation of diglossia occurs, rather than a continuum. Assigning separate and distinct functions for the two varieties will have the same effect. This is the case in Haiti with Haitian Creole and French.
Use of the terms "acrolect", "mesolect" and "basilect" attempts to avoid the value judgement inherent in earlier terminology, by which the language spoken by the ruling classes in a capital city was defined as the "correct" or "pure" form while that spoken by the lower classes and inhabitants of outlying provinces was "a dialect" characterised as "incorrect", "impure" or "debased".
Other examples.
It has been suggested (; ) that African American Vernacular English is a decreolized form of a slave creole. Once blacks acquired recognition of equality under the law, opportunities for interaction created a strong influence of standard (American) English onto the speech of blacks so that a continuum exists today with Standard English as the acrolect and varieties closest to the original creole as the basilect.
In Jamaica, a continuum exists between Jamaican English and Jamaican Patois.

</doc>
<doc id="5865546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865546" title="Pholcodine">
Pholcodine

Pholcodine is a drug which is an opioid cough suppressant (antitussive). It helps suppress unproductive coughs and also has a mild sedative effect, but has little or no analgesic effects. It is also known as morpholinylethylmorphine and homocodeine.
Pholcodine is found in certain cough lozenges. However, in the UK, the preparation is almost exclusively an oral solution, typically 5 mg / 5 ml. Adult dosage is 5-10ml up to 3-4 times daily. Pholcodine now largely replaces the previously more common codeine linctus, as it has a much lower potential for dependence.
Pholcodine is a Schedule I drug in the US. It is also a class B substance in the United Kingdom although can be purchased over-the-counter in most UK pharmacies. It has a DEA ACSCN of 9314 and an aggregate national annual manufacturing quota of 2 grammes in 2013.
Mechanism of action.
Pholcodine is readily absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and freely crosses the blood–brain barrier. It acts primarily on the central nervous system (CNS), causing depression of the cough reflex, partly by a direct effect on the cough centre in the medulla. It is metabolized in the liver and its action may be prolonged in individuals with hepatic insufficiency (i.e. liver problems). Its use is therefore contraindicated in patients with liver disease, while care is advised in patients with hepatic impairment.
Metabolism and excretion.
Pholcodine is slowly biotransformed in the body via oxidation and conjugation to a series of metabolites that are eliminated primarily in the urine. With an average half-life of approximately 2.3 days, steady-state in someone taking the drug chronically would not be reached for nearly 2 weeks. Nearly one-half of a single dose is eventually excreted as free or conjugated parent drug. The most important urinary metabolite is conjugated morphine, which may be detectable for days or weeks after the last dose. This could trigger a positive result for opiates in a urine drug testing program.
Side effects.
Side effects are rare and may include dizziness and gastrointestinal disturbances such as nausea or vomiting. 
Adverse effects such as constipation, drowsiness, excitation, ataxia and respiratory depression have been reported occasionally or after large doses.
A Norwegian cough-syrup containing pholcodine "Tuxi" has been withdrawn from the market because it caused increased levels of IgE-antibodies, regardless of an actual allergy to the drug. This is believed to increase the risk of anaphylaxis to neuromuscular blocking agents used during anaesthesia.

</doc>
<doc id="5865547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865547" title="Cecil FitzMaurice, 8th Earl of Orkney">
Cecil FitzMaurice, 8th Earl of Orkney

Cecil O'Bryen Fitz-Maurice, 8th Earl of Orkney (3 July 1919–5 February 1998) was a Scottish peer. He held the subsidiary titles of Viscount of Kirkwall and Baron of Dechmont. 
Born in 1919, Fitz-Maurice was the younger son of Captain Douglas Frederick Harold FitzMaurice RNAS (died 1937), a great grandson of the 5th Earl, by his marriage to Dorothy Janette, daughter of Captain Robert Dickie, RN. His elder brother Douglas Hubert Hamilton FitzMaurice (1916–1942) was killed in action during the Second World War.
He joined the Royal Army Service Corps on the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939 and served in North Africa, Italy, France and Germany. He later served in the Korean war from 1950 to 1951. In 1951, he inherited the Earldom of Orkney from a cousin, Edmond Walter FitzMaurice, 7th Earl of Orkney (1867–1951).
In 1953, the new Lord Orkney married Rose Katharine Durk, the younger daughter of J. W. D. Silley, of Brixham, but they had no children. He died in 1998 and was succeeded by his kinsman Oliver Peter St John.
With the granting of seats in the House of Lords to all Scottish peers, which took effect in August 1963, Orkney gained a seat in the Lords, which was then expected to be for life. He did not live to see the enactment of the House of Lords Act 1999 which would have cost him his seat, removing most hereditary peers.
At the time of his death, Orkney was living in Princes Road, Ferndown, Dorset. 

</doc>
<doc id="5865566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865566" title="Mischief (film)">
Mischief (film)

Mischief is a 1985 teen comedy film starring Doug McKeon, Chris Nash, Catherine Mary Stewart and Kelly Preston. The film was directed by Mel Damski and written by Noel Black. The original music score was composed by Barry De Vorzon.
Set in Nelsonville, Ohio in 1956, its soundtrack features many popular songs from the era.
Plot summary.
In Nelsonville, Ohio in 1956, the relationship between the introverted, clumsy Jonathan Bellah (McKeon) and the nonconformist, extroverted Gene Harbrough (Nash) begins to develop. Jonathan's main objective is to win over the sexy Marilyn McCauley (Preston), in spite of his shyness, while Gene has his own love-life to maintain with his girlfriend Bunny Miller (Stewart)—as well as counseling Jonathan on how to attract women. Gene also has to defend himself from the class bully, Kenny (D.W. Brown), while trying to work out a borderline relationship with his widowed father, who has zero tolerance for his often wild escapades.
Reception.
The film holds a 60% "Fresh" rating at the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on five reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="5865574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865574" title="Royal Tombs of the Joseon Dynasty">
Royal Tombs of the Joseon Dynasty

The Royal Tombs of the Joseon Dynasty refers to the 40 tombs of members of the Korean Joseon Dynasty (1392–1910). These tombs are scattered in over 18 locations across South Korea. They were built to honour and respect the ancestors and their achievements, and assert their royal authority. The tombs have been registered as a UNESCO World Heritage site since 2009.
Structure of the Tombs.
The royal tombs can be divided into three main parts:
The part around Jeongjagak.
It is the meeting point between the dead and the living.The area around Hongsalmun gate is the space for the living.
The area just past the gate.
This is the space between the earthly and the holy. This is the area where the spirits of the kings and queens meet their earthly worshippers. This area also contains the Jeongjagak shrine, the Subokbang, and the Suragan buildings.
The sacred ground of the grave mounds.
This area also includes the wall, and the other stone structures.
Tombs.
The tombs are classified into two types. Tombs of the kings and queens and those posthumously granted the title of king or queen, were interred in "neung-type" tombs. Crown princes and their wives, as well as the parents of royalty, were interred in "won"-type tombs. The royal tombs are scattered over 18 locations, with many of them located 40 kilometers from Hanseong (present-day Seoul). Indeed, the Jangneung tomb is in Yeongwol, Gangwon-do, while the Yeongneung tombs are in Yeoju, Gyeonggi-do. Tombs were made for individuals as well as family groups. There are 40 "neung"-type and 13 "won"-type tombs, thus creating a total of 53 royal tombs.
Joseon-era royal tombs followed the guidelines outlined in Chinese Confucian texts, such as the "Book of Rites" ("Li Ji") and the "Rites of Zhou" ("Zhou Li"). Many factors went into consideration when deciding the location of a tomb, such as the distance from Hanyang, the distance in relation to other royal tombs, the accessibility of the location, and Korean traditions of "pungsu" (geomancy). The tomb construction also took into account traditional burial rituals of Korea and the natural environment.
There now follows a list (in alphebatical order) of the individual (or clusters of) tombs. There are two more royal tombs from the Joseon Dynasty in Kaesong, North Korea, namely Jereung (제릉) (the tomb of Queen Sinui, who was King Taejo's first consort) and Hureung (후릉) (the tomb of King Jeongjong and Queen Jeongan).
Donggureung Tomb Cluster (동구릉).
<br>
This cluster of tombs represents the best sample of royal family group tombs from the Joseon Dynasty. Seven kings and ten queens are interred in nine neung-type tombs. Notable tombs in this group include the Geonwolleung tomb (건원릉) for King Taejo, the founder of the Joseon Dynasty. The Gyeongneung tomb (경릉) holds the remains of King Hyeonjong, who ruled from 1834 to 1849, and his wives Queen Hyohyeon and Queen Hyojeong. This group of tombs represents the evolution of Joseon-style tomb architecture over a period of five hundred years. The other tombs in the cluster are named Hyereung (혜릉), Hwirung (휘릉), Mongneung (목릉), Sungneung (숭릉), Sureung (수릉) and Wolleung (원릉). This cluster is situated on the west bank of the Wangsukcheon Stream in the city of Guri, Gyeonggi Province.
Gwangneung (광릉).
<br>
Gwangneung is a pair of tombs in Namyangju City, Gyeonggi Province. The tombs, arranged in a "V" shape, contain the remains of King Sejo and his wife Queen Jeonghui. The two tombs were built in 1468 and 1483 respectively. Gwangneung is important because changes taking place in the construction of royal tombs are evident in its construction. Screening rocks were not installed at this tomb. Instead of an outer coffin stone, quicklime was used. Another break from tradition was that the reverential access was not built. Finally, only one T-shaped ritual shrine was built for both burial mounds. This change in tomb architecture came from the last wishes of the king and reflects a new frugal style that influenced later royal tomb construction.
Heolleung and Illeung (헌릉&인릉).
Heolleung: <br>
Illeung: <br>
These tombs are in the south of Seoul, at the bottom of the southern slope of Daemosan. Heolleung is a conjoined pair of tombs, while Illeung stands alone two hundred metres to the west.
Hongneung and Yureung (홍릉&유릉).
Hongneung: <br>
Yureung: <br>
Yeongwon: <br>
The styles of these two tombs reflect the political changes Korea was experiencing during the waning days of the Joseon Dynasty. With the declaration of the Korean Empire, the style of the tombs of the last two rulers of the Joseon Dynasty, Emperor Gojong and Emperor Sunjong were designed to reflect their new status. Hongneung holds the remains of Emperor Gojong and Empress Myeongseong. Yureung tomb holds the remains of Emperor Sunjong, Empress Sunmyeonghyo and Empress Sunjeonghyo. Other notable tombs include Yeongwon (영원), the tomb of Crown Prince Yeongwang and Crown Princess Yi Bangja. The tombs are located in the city of Namyangju, just to the east of Seoul.
Jangneung (Gimpo) (김포 장릉).
<br>
There are three locations with Joseon tombs named Jangneung. This particular double tomb is found in Gimpo near the border with Incheon.
Jangneung (Paju) (파주 장릉).
<br>
This tomb is located in Paju, near the confluence of the Rivers Imjin and Han, where the Osusan Observatory overlooks North Korea..
Jangneung (Yeongwol) (영월 장릉).
<br>
This tomb lies in the county of Yeongwol, Gangwon Province. It is the furthest from capital.
Jeongneung (정릉).
<br>
Not to be confused with the more famous Jeongneung beside Seolleung or the Jeongneung area of Bukhansan, this tomb is also in Seoul, but north of the river.
Olleung (온릉).
<br>
Olleung is a tomb located in Yangju, just to the north of the Seoul Ring Expressway's Songchu exit.
Paju Samneung Cluster (파주 삼릉).
Gongneung: <br>
Sulleung: <br>
Yeongneung: <br>
This is a cluster of three tombs named Gongneung (공릉), Sulleung (술릉) and Yeongneung (영릉), in the city of Paju. Yeongneung, a pair of tombs, is not to be confused with King Sejong's tomb in Yeoju.
Sareung (사릉).
<br>
This tomb is in Namyangju, 1.6 km from Geumgok Station.
Seolleung and Jeongneung (선릉&정릉).
Seolleung: <br>
Jeongneung: <br>
Seolleung and Jeongneung are in the south of Seoul. Jeongneung is not to be confused with its namesake on the southern slopes of Bukhansan, also in Seoul. The tombs are in a park, the entrance of which is 340 metres from Seolleung Station.
Seo-oreung Cluster (서오릉).
Changneung: <br>
Hongneung: <br>
Gyeongneung: <br>
Ingneung: <br>
Myeongneung: <br>
Daebinmyo: <br>
Sugyeongwon: <br>
Sunchangwon: <br>
This is a group of tombs in Goyang. The tombs are named Changneung (창릉) (which is a pair of tombs), Hongneung (홍릉), Gyeongneung (경릉), Ingneung (익릉) and Myeongneung (명릉) (which is a trio of tombs: one alone and another two joined as a pair). Other notable tombs here include Daebinmyo (대빈묘), Sugyeongwon (수경원) and Sunchangwon (순창원).
Seosamneung Cluster (서삼릉).
Huineung: <br>
Hyoreung: <br>
Yereung: <br>
Hoimyo: <br>
Hyochangwon: <br>
Uiryeongwon: <br>
The Seosamneung (lit. "Three Western "Neung"") tomb cluster is located in Goyang, Gyeonggi Province, from Seoul. The name of the tombs comes from the three royal tombs' ("neung") location in the western suburb of the capital. Queen Janggyeong was interred in Huineung tomb (휘릉), while Hyoreung (효릉), a joined pair of tombs, holds the remains of King Injong and his wife Queen Insong. King Cheoljong and Queen Cheolin are interred in Yereung (예릉), another joined pair of tombs. Fifty other tombs, most notably Hoimyo (회묘), Hyochangwon (효창원) and Uiryeongwon (의령원), holding the remains of princes, princesses, and royal concubines, are also located in this cluster. Notably, monuments in various styles built to house the royal placenta and umbilical cords, known as "taesil", which had once been scattered all over Korea, have been gathered and now rest in this tomb cluster.
Taereung and Gangneung (태릉&강릉).
Taereung: <br>
Gangneung: <br>
Taereung and Gangneung are located in eastern Seoul. Gangneung is a joined pair of tombs approximately a kilometre east of Taereung.
Uireung (의릉).
<br>
Uireung is a pair of tombs arranged in line. This tomb is in Seokgwan-dong, Seoul.
Yeongneung and Yeongneung (영릉&영릉).
Yeongneung (King Hyojong): <br>
Yeongneung (King Sejong): <br>
These identically-named tombs lie in the west of the city of Yeoju and hold the remains of Sejong the Great and King Hyojong. King Hyojong's tomb lies in line with the tomb of his wifves, while King Sejong's stands alone.
Yungneung and Geolleung (융릉&건릉).
Geolleung: <br>
Yungneung: <br>
Yungneung and Geolleung, within a park in Hwaseong, Gyeonggi-do, house Crown Prince Sado and Princess Hyegyeong (posthumously named Emperor Sangjo and Empress Heongyeong, and King Jeongjo and Queen Hyoui.

</doc>
<doc id="5865576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865576" title="Wimm-Bill-Dann Foods">
Wimm-Bill-Dann Foods

Wimm Bill Dann is one of Europe's largest dairy products companies. The company is headquartered in Moscow, Russia. WBD produces yogurt, milk, flavored milk, fruit juices, and other soft drinks.
Wimm Bill Dann has 30 production sites in 16 cities, from Vladivostok to Kiev, and owns a subsidiary company in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The "About our Company" page on the website describes the company's close ties to Russia's cattle and dairy farms. The company's management is both Russian and non-Russian. Its stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
PepsiCo Purchase.
On 2 December 2010, PepsiCo agreed to buy 66% of Wimm-Bill-Dann for $3.8 billion. The purchase will be one of the biggest foreign investments yet seen in Russia outside the energy industry.
Operations.
In response to a decline in the census of dairy cattle in Russia, the company spent US$7 mm in 1999 to modernize its suppliers' milking and refrigeration equipment, using state-of-the art Swedish technology.
Wimm Bill Dann holds a 34% share in all dairy products in Russia, and a 20% share of the fruit drink market.
Brands.
WBD has a portfolio of over 1,000 different types of yogurt and dairy drinks, and 150 types of fruit juices and fruit drinks. Its most recognized brands are "J7", "100 % Gold Premium", "Favourite Garden" (), "House in a village" (), "Jolly Milkman" (), and "Agousha" ().

</doc>
<doc id="5865593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865593" title="List of Corinnidae species">
List of Corinnidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Corinnidae as of Dec. 16, 2013.
Abapeba.
"Abapeba" Bonaldo, 2000
Abdosetae.
"Abdosetae" Fu, Zhang & MacDermott, 2010
Aetius.
"Aetius" O. P.-Cambridge, 1896
Afroceto.
"Afroceto" Lyle & Haddad, 2010
Apochinomma.
"Apochinomma" Pavesi, 1881
Arushina.
"Arushina" Caporiacco, 1947
Attacobius.
"Attacobius" Mello-Leitão, 1925
Austrophaea.
"Austrophaea" Lawrence, 1952
Brachyphaea.
"Brachyphaea" Simon, 1895
Cambalida.
"Cambalida" Simon, 1910
Castianeira.
"Castianeira" Keyserling, 1879
Castoponera.
"Castoponera" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Cetonana.
"Cetonana" Strand, 1929
Coenoptychus.
"Coenoptychus" Simon, 1885
Copa.
"Copa" Simon, 1886
Copuetta.
"Copuetta" Haddad, 2013
Corinna.
"Corinna" C. L. Koch, 1841
Corinnomma.
"Corinnomma" Karsch, 1880
Creugas.
"Creugas" Thorell, 1878
Crinopseudoa.
"Crinopseudoa" Jocqué & Bosselaers, 2011
Cycais.
"Cycais" Thorell, 1877
Drassinella.
"Drassinella" Banks, 1904
Echinax.
"Echinax" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Ecitocobius.
"Ecitocobius" Bonaldo & Brescovit, 1998
Erendira.
"Erendira" Bonaldo, 2000
Falconina.
"Falconina" Brignoli, 1985
Fuchiba.
"Fuchiba" Haddad & Lyle, 2008
Fuchibotulus.
"Fuchibotulus" Haddad & Lyle, 2008
Graptartia.
"Graptartia" Simon, 1896
Hortipes.
"Hortipes" Bosselaers & Ledoux, 1998
Humua.
"Humua" Ono, 1987
Ianduba.
"Ianduba" Bonaldo, 1997
Jacaena.
"Jacaena" Thorell, 1897
Koppe.
"Koppe" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Leichhardteus.
"Leichhardteus" Raven & Baehr, 2013
Lessertina.
"Lessertina" Lawrence, 1942
Liophrurillus.
"Liophrurillus" Wunderlich, 1992
Mandaneta.
"Mandaneta" Strand, 1932
Mazax.
"Mazax" O. P.-Cambridge, 1898
Medmassa.
"Medmassa" Simon, 1887
Megalostrata.
"Megalostrata" Karsch, 1880
Merenius.
"Merenius" Simon, 1910
Meriola.
"Meriola" Banks, 1895
Messapus.
"Messapus" Simon, 1898
Metatrachelas.
"Metatrachelas" Bosselaers & Bosmans, 2010
Methesis.
"Methesis" Simon, 1896
Myrmecium.
"Myrmecium" Latreille, 1824
Myrmecotypus.
"Myrmecotypus" O. P.-Cambridge, 1894
Oedignatha.
"Oedignatha" Thorell, 1881
Olbus.
"Olbus" Simon, 1880
Orthobula.
"Orthobula" Simon, 1897
Otacilia.
"Otacilia" Thorell, 1897
Paccius.
"Paccius" Simon, 1898
Parachemmis.
"Parachemmis" Chickering, 1937
Paradiestus.
"Paradiestus" Mello-Leitão, 1915
Paratrachelas.
"Paratrachelas" Kovblyuk & Nadolny, 2009
Patelloceto.
"Patelloceto" Lyle & Haddad, 2010
Phonotimpus.
"Phonotimpus" Gertsch & Davis, 1940
Phrurolinillus.
"Phrurolinillus" Wunderlich, 1995
Phrurolithus.
"Phrurolithus" C. L. Koch, 1839
Phruronellus.
"Phruronellus" Chamberlin, 1921
Phrurotimpus.
"Phrurotimpus" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1935
Piabuna.
"Piabuna" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1933
Planochelas.
"Planochelas" Lyle & Haddad, 2009
Plynnon.
"Plynnon" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Poachelas.
"Poachelas" Haddad & Lyle, 2008
Poecilipta.
"Poecilipta" Simon, 1897
Pranburia.
"Pranburia" Deeleman-Reinhold, 1993
Procopius.
"Procopius" Thorell, 1899
Pronophaea.
"Pronophaea" Simon, 1897
Psellocoptus.
"Psellocoptus" Simon, 1896
Pseudoceto.
"Pseudoceto" Mello-Leitão, 1929
Pseudocorinna.
"Pseudocorinna" Simon, 1910
Scorteccia.
"Scorteccia" Caporiacco, 1936
Scotinella.
"Scotinella" Banks, 1911
Septentrinna.
"Septentrinna" Bonaldo, 2000
Serendib.
"Serendib" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Sesieutes.
"Sesieutes" Simon, 1897
Simonestus.
"Simonestus" Bonaldo, 2000
Sphecotypus.
"Sphecotypus" O. P.-Cambridge, 1895
Spinotrachelas.
"Spinotrachelas" Haddad, 2006
Stethorrhagus.
"Stethorrhagus" Simon, 1896
Supunna.
"Supunna" Simon, 1897
Tapixaua.
"Tapixaua" Bonaldo, 2000
Teutamus.
"Teutamus" Thorell, 1890
Thysanina.
"Thysanina" Simon, 1910
Trachelas.
"Trachelas" L. Koch, 1872
Trachelopachys.
"Trachelopachys" Simon, 1897
Tupirinna.
"Tupirinna" Bonaldo, 2000
Utivarachna.
"Utivarachna" Kishida, 1940
Vendaphaea.
"Vendaphaea" Haddad, 2009
Wasaka.
"Wasaka" Haddad, 2013
Xeropigo.
"Xeropigo" O. P.-Cambridge, 1882

</doc>
<doc id="5865609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865609" title="Akron Racers">
Akron Racers

The Akron Racers are a women's softball team based in Akron, Ohio. The team was started by Joey Arietta in 1999 to participate in the Women's Pro Softball League (WPSL). Since the 2004 season, they have played as a member of National Pro Fastpitch (NPF). 
History.
The Racers began as the Orlando Wahoos. The team moved to Akron prior to the 2000 season, sharing Firestone Stadium with the also-recently-moved Ohio Pride, which was previously the Georgia Pride.
In their first year the Racers made it to the championship of the WPSL, but lost to the Tampa Bay FireStix. The WPSL suspended operations in 2001; the Racers was the only team of the four 2001 teams to revive when the league reformed as the NPF in 2004. In 2005 the Racers beat the Chicago Bandits to win the NPF championship. From 2004 to 2008, the Akron Racers have compiled an all-time win-loss record of 149-94.
Crystl Bustos was named manager in October 2009, replacing Barb Sherwood.
2012 Schedule.
The following is the Racers 2012 schedule:
NOTE: All times are EST.

</doc>
<doc id="5865660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865660" title="List of Ctenidae species">
List of Ctenidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Ctenidae as of Sept. 12, 2013.
Acantheis.
"Acantheis" Thorell, 1891
Acanthoctenus.
"Acanthoctenus" Keyserling, 1877
Africactenus.
"Africactenus" Hyatt, 1954
Amauropelma.
"Amauropelma" Raven, Stumkat & Gray, 2001
Anahita.
"Anahita" Karsch, 1879
Ancylometes.
"Ancylometes" Bertkau, 1880
Apolania.
"Apolania" Simon, 1898
Asthenoctenus.
"Asthenoctenus" Simon, 1897
Bengalla.
"Bengalla" Gray & Thompson, 2001
Caloctenus.
"Caloctenus" Keyserling, 1877
Celaetycheus.
"Celaetycheus" Simon, 1897
Centroctenus.
"Centroctenus" Mello-Leitao, 1929
Ctenus.
"Ctenus" Walckenaer, 1805
Cupiennius.
"Cupiennius" Simon, 1891
Diallomus.
"Diallomus" Simon, 1897
Enoploctenus.
"Enoploctenus" Simon, 1897
Gephyroctenus.
"Gephyroctenus" Mello-Leitao, 1936
Incasoctenus.
"Incasoctenus" Mello-Leitao, 1942
Isoctenus.
"Isoctenus" Bertkau, 1880
Janusia.
"Janusia" Gray, 1973
Leptoctenus.
"Leptoctenus" L. Koch, 1878
Mahafalytenus.
"Mahafalytenus" Silva, 2007
Montescueia.
"Montescueia" Carcavallo & Martínez, 1961
Nothroctenus.
"Nothroctenus" Badcock, 1932
Ohvida.
"Ohvida" Polotow & Brescovit, 2009
Parabatinga.
"Parabatinga" Polotow & Brescovit, 2009
Paravulsor.
"Paravulsor" Mello-Leitao, 1922
Petaloctenus.
"Petaloctenus" Jocque & Steyn, 1997
Phoneutria.
"Phoneutria" Perty, 1833
Phymatoctenus.
"Phymatoctenus" Simon, 1897
Sinoctenus.
"Sinoctenus" Marusik, Zhang & Omelko, 2012
Thoriosa.
"Thoriosa" Simon, 1910
Toca.
"Toca" Polotow & Brescovit, 2009
Trogloctenus.
"Trogloctenus" Lessert, 1935
Trujillina.
"Trujillina" Bryant, 1948
Tuticanus.
"Tuticanus" Simon, 1897
Viracucha.
"Viracucha" Lehtinen, 1967
Viridasius.
"Viridasius" Simon, 1889
Vulsor.
"Vulsor" Simon, 1889
Wiedenmeyeria.
"Wiedenmeyeria" Schenkel, 1953

</doc>
<doc id="5865670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865670" title="NOAA-19">
NOAA-19

NOAA-19, designated NOAA-N' (NOAA-N Prime) prior to launch, is the last of the United States National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's POES series of weather satellites (which was scheduled to be replaced by the next-generation NPOESS series before the NPOESS project was cancelled). NOAA-19 was launched on 6 February 2009.
Launch.
On 4 November 2008, NASA announced that the satellite had arrived at Vandenberg aboard a C-5 Galaxy military transport aircraft. Installation of the payload fairing took place 27 January 2009; second stage propellant was loaded on 31 January.
Several attempts were made to conduct the launch. The first attempt was scrubbed after a failure was detected in a launch pad gaseous nitrogen pressurization system. The second attempt was scrubbed after the failure of a payload fairing air conditioning compressor, which is also part of the ground support equipment at the launch pad.
The satellite was successfully launched aboard a Delta II flying in the 7320 configuration from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Instruments.
NOAA-N Prime carries a suite of instruments that provides data for weather and climate predictions. Like its predecessors, NOAA-N Prime provides global images of clouds and surface features and vertical profiles of atmospheric temperature and humidity for use in numerical weather and ocean forecast models, as well as data on ozone distribution in the upper part of the atmosphere, and near-Earth space environments—information important for the marine, aviation, power generation, agriculture, and other communities. The NOAA-N Prime primary instruments —the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR/3), High Resolution Infrared Radiation Sounder (HIRS/4), and the Advanced Microwave Sounding Unit (AMSU-A)—were all designed for a three-year mission. The Solar Backscatter Ultraviolet Spectral Radiometer (SBUV/2) was designed for a two-year mission, and the Microwave Humidity Sounder (MHS) was designed for a five-year mission.
Damage during manufacture.
On September 6, 2003, the satellite was badly damaged while being worked on at the Lockheed Martin Space Systems factory in Sunnyvale, California. The satellite fell to the floor as a team was turning it into a horizontal position. A NASA inquiry into the mishap determined that it was caused by a lack of procedural discipline throughout the facility. While the turn-over cart used during the procedure was in storage, a technician removed twenty-four bolts securing an adapter plate to it without documenting the action. The team subsequently using the cart to turn the satellite failed to check the bolts, as specified in the procedure, before attempting to move the satellite. Repairs to the satellite cost $135 million. Lockheed Martin agreed to forfeit all profit from the project to help pay for repair costs; they later took a $30 million charge relating to the incident. The remainder of the repair costs were paid by the United States government.

</doc>
<doc id="5865672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865672" title="Sachen Kunga Nyingpo">
Sachen Kunga Nyingpo

Sachen Kunga Nyingpo () (1092–1158) was a Tibetan spiritual leader and the first of the Five Venerable Supreme Sakya Masters of Tibet. Sachen Kunga Nyinpo was the 3rd Sakya Trizin and son of Khon Konchok Gyalpo (1034–1102) who was the first Sakya Trizin and founder of the first Sakya Monastery in Tibet in 1073.
Sachen Kunga Nyingpo, the son of Khon Konchok Gyalpo and an emanation of Manjushri, was born in 1092. From early childhood, Sachen showed great signs of wisdom. At the age of twelve, Sachen, under the guidance of his guru, Bari Lotsava, performed one-point mediation on Manjushri. After meditating on this for a continuous period of six months, the bodhisattva appeared in front of him and gave him the teachings on the parting of four attachments as follows:
Sachen realised in an instant that this teaching contained the essence of the Path of Perfection. He was a strict vegetarian and received teachings and empowerments on sutras and tantras from many great teachers, including his father and Virupa. Sachen was a man of immense virtue and bodhicitta. He had immeasurable faith in his practice and was a great teacher of Dharma.
Sachen passed all the doctrines to his two sons, Sonam Tsemo and Drakpa Gyaltsen. He died at the age of 67 in 1158.

</doc>
<doc id="5865675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865675" title="List of Ctenizidae species">
List of Ctenizidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Ctenizidae as of Sept. 10, 2013.
Bothriocyrtum.
"Bothriocyrtum" Simon, 1891
Conothele.
"Conothele" Thorell, 1878
Cteniza.
"Cteniza" Latreille, 1829
Cyclocosmia.
"Cyclocosmia" Ausserer, 1871
Cyrtocarenum.
"Cyrtocarenum" Ausserer, 1871
Hebestatis.
"Hebestatis" Simon, 1903
Latouchia.
"Latouchia" Pocock, 1901
Stasimopus.
"Stasimopus" Simon, 1892
Ummidia.
"Ummidia" Thorell, 1875

</doc>
<doc id="5865685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865685" title="Sonam Tsemo">
Sonam Tsemo

Sonam Tsemo (tib.: "bsod nams rtse mo"; 1142–1182) (or Lobpon Sonam Tsemo), an important Tibetan sprititual leader and Buddhist scholar, was the second of the so-called Five Venerable Supreme Sakya Masters of Tibet, the founding fathers of the Sakya-tradition.
Life.
He was born in the year of the water dog of the second cycle at Sakya and was acclaimed as an incarnation of Durjayachandra. He received extensive spiritual training from his father, Sachen Kunga Nyingpo, the first of the five founding fathers of the Sakya-tradition. At age 17, he went to Sangphu Neuthok and deepened his studies under the famous scholar Chapa Chokyi Senge. His studies included Paramita, Madhyamaka, Pramana, Vinaya and Abhidharma. By the time he was eighteen he had mastered the triple discipline of teaching, debate and composition. After his return to Sakya, he held the throne of the monastery for three years and then passed the authority to his younger brother, Jetsun Dragpa Gyaltsen, the third of the five founding fathers. He dedicated the rest of his life to studies and meditation and died in 1182, the water tiger year, at age 41. He is said to have attained the second bhumi.
A 17th-century painting of Sonam Tsemo from Ngor Monastery is held by the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="5865690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865690" title="HVG">
HVG

HVG can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5865697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865697" title="List of Cyatholipidae species">
List of Cyatholipidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Cyatholipidae as of May 21, 2010.
Alaranea.
"Alaranea" Griswold, 1997
Buibui.
"Buibui" Griswold, 2001
Cyatholipus.
"Cyatholipus" Simon, 1894
Forstera.
"Forstera" Koçak & Kemal, 2008
Hanea.
"Hanea" Forster, 1988
Ilisoa.
"Ilisoa" Griswold, 1987
Isicabu.
"Isicabu" Griswold, 1987
Kubwa.
"Kubwa" Griswold, 2001
Lordhowea.
"Lordhowea" Griswold, 2001
Matilda.
"Matilda" Forster, 1988
Pembatatu.
"Pembatatu" Griswold, 2001
Pokennips.
"Pokennips" Griswold, 2001
Scharffia.
"Scharffia" Griswold, 1997
Teemenaarus.
"Teemenaarus" Davies, 1978
Tekella.
"Tekella" Urquhart, 1894
Tekellatus.
"Tekellatus" Wunderlich, 1978
Tekelloides.
"Tekelloides" Forster, 1988
Ubacisi.
"Ubacisi" Griswold, 2001
Ulwembua.
"Ulwembua" Griswold, 1987
Umwani.
"Umwani" Griswold, 2001
Uvik.
"Uvik" Griswold, 2001
Vazaha.
"Vazaha" Griswold, 1997
Wanzia.
"Wanzia" Griswold, 1998

</doc>
<doc id="5865702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865702" title="Drakpa Gyaltsen">
Drakpa Gyaltsen

Drakya Gyaltsen (or Jetsun Dakpa Gyeltsen) (1147–1216) was a Tibetan spiritual leader and the third of the Five Venerable Supreme Sakya Masters of Tibet. He was also the guru of the famous Sakya Pandita.

</doc>
<doc id="5865712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865712" title="Sakya Pandita">
Sakya Pandita

Qoijê Sa'gya Paṇḍita Günga Gyaicain (; alt. "Choeje Sakya Pandita Kunga Gyeltse", {mo|Сажа Бандид Гунгаажалцан}), also known as Günga Gyaimcain Bai Sangbo (; alt. "Kunga Gyaltshan Pal Zangpo"; 1182–1251) was a Tibetan spiritual leader and Buddhist scholar and the fourth of the Five Venerable Supreme Sakya Masters of Tibet. Günga Gyaicain is generally known simply as Sa'gya Paṇḍita, a title given to him in recognition of his scholarly achievements and knowledge of Sanskrit. He is held in the tradition to have been an emanation of the Bodhisattva Manjushri, the embodiment of the wisdom of all the Buddhas.
He became known as a great scholar in Tibet, Mongolia, Coastal China and India and was proficient in the five great sciences of Buddhist philosophy, medicine, grammar, dialectics and sacred Sanskrit literature as well as the minor sciences of rhetoric, synonymies, poetry, dancing and astrology. He is considered in Tibet to be the fourth "Great Forefather" and sixth Sakya Trizin, and one of the most important figures among the Sakya lineage. 
He was born at Sa'gya of the noble family of Jam-yan-gon.
His father was Palchen of Öpochey. Sa'gya Paṇḍita was the nephew, and became the principal disciple of Jetsun Dakpa Gyeltsen or Drakpa Gyaltsen (1147–1216).
After the death of Genghis Khan in 1227, the Tibetans stopped sending tribute. As a result, in 1240, the grandson of Genghis Khan and second son of Ögedei Khan, Prince Godan invaded Tibet killing some 500 monks and destroying and looting monasteries, villages and towns. Prince Godan asked his commanders to search for an outstanding Buddhist lama and, as Sa'gya Paṇḍita was considered the most religious, Godan sent a letter of "invitation" and presents to him.
In 1244 he left for Prince Godan's royal camp with two of his young nephews, the ten year-old Pagba and six year-old Chhana, who later published a collection of Sa'gya 's writings. As he continually preached sermons along his way he did not arrive at Prince Godan's camp until 1247 where he gave religious instruction to the prince and greatly impressed the court with his personality and powerful teachings. He is also said to have cured Prince Godan of a serious illness and, with the help of his nephew, Phagpa, he adapted the Uighur script so that the Buddhist Scriptures could be translated into Mongolian which, until that time, was an unwritten language. In return, he was given "temporal authority over the 13 myriarchies ["Trikor Chuksum"] of Central Tibet." 
Thus began a strong alliance and the capital of Sakya, gDan-sa, became the capital of Tibet. This lasted until about the middle of the 14th century. During the reign of the 14th Sakya Trizin, Sonam Gylatsen, the Central Tibetan province of U was taken by the Myriarch, marking the "beginning of the end of the period of Sakya power in Central Tibet." 
Sakya Pandita died in 1251, at the age of seventy in the city of Gyu-ma. As he did not marry he chose his brother's son Chogyal Phagpa as his heir and nominated him before his death as his religious authority by giving him his conch shell and begging bowl. After his death Phakpa continued his mission. The conch is one of the Ashtamangala and the begging bowl was a particular symbol of Buddha Shakyamuni and the Shramana Traditions. 
In the lineage of the Tibetan Panchen Lamas there were considered to be four Indian and three Tibetan mindstream emanations of Amitabha Buddha before Khedrup Gelek Pelzang, who is recognised as the 1st Panchen Lama. The lineage starts with Subhuti, one of the original disciples of Gautama Buddha. Sakya Pandita is considered to be the second Tibetan emanation of Amitabha Buddha in this line.
Works.
He is best known for his works such as the "Treasury of Logic on Valid Cognition (Tshad ma rigs pa'i gter)" and the "Discrimination of the Three Vows (sDom-gsum rab-dbye)". He produced five major works in all, the other three being the "The Entrance Gate for the Wise (Mkhas pa rnams 'jug pa'i sgo)", "Clarifying the Sage's Intention (Thub pa'i dgongs gsal)", and the "Elegant Sayings of Sakya Pandita (sa skya legs bshad)." The latter is a collection of moral precepts in verse which was imitated by others and translated into Mongolian. He focused on doctrine and logic "basing himself upon the "Pramanavarttika" of Dharmakirti" and was very interested in rhetoric.

</doc>
<doc id="5865721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865721" title="Edinburgh Herald and Post">
Edinburgh Herald and Post

The Edinburgh Herald & Post was a weekly Scottish freesheet that delivered to households in Edinburgh, Midlothian and Musselburgh. It consisted mainly of advertising and promotional pieces, with news items sourced from sister publication "Edinburgh Evening News". It had a circulation of 138,000 and was owned by Johnston Press, which also owns "The Scotsman" and "Edinburgh Evening News". It was delivered Thursday/Friday mostly by teenagers.

</doc>
<doc id="5865724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865724" title="List of Cybaeidae species">
List of Cybaeidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Cybaeidae as of July 23, 2013.
Argyroneta.
"Argyroneta" Latreille, 1804
Cedicoides.
"Cedicoides" Charitonov, 1946
Cedicus.
"Cedicus" Simon, 1875
Cybaeina.
"Cybaeina" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1932
Cybaeota.
"Cybaeota" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1933
Cybaeozyga.
"Cybaeozyga" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1937
Cybaeus.
"Cybaeus" L. Koch, 1868
Paracedicus.
"Paracedicus" Fet, 1993
Symposia.
"Symposia" Simon, 1898
Vagellia.
"Vagellia" Simon, 1899

</doc>
<doc id="5865730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865730" title="Anthony Robert Klitz">
Anthony Robert Klitz

Anthony (Tony) Robert Klitz (3 September 1917 – 19 September 2000) was an artist who specialised in cityscapes, notably London. He was born in Southport, attended Bishop Wordsworth's School in Salisbury and studied art at the Cheltenham Art College (1936–1939), whilst simultaneously training to be an architect. He died in Dublin.
""In comparison with other great capitals of the world London remains astonishingly unpainted. Mr. Klitz, an artist with a fine sense of architectural atmosphere and character, has done a great deal to redress the balance. His pictures show a fine but restrained sense of colour and he is engagingly sensitive to the London scene. Mr. Klitz is an artist – and this is a high tribute indeed – whose work will appeal equally to those who live in London and to those who have paid a visit to London, and want to have something by which to remember it. Whether it is Horse Guards Parade or the River, Mr. Klitz has captured that strange pearly light which is the secret of so much of London's grace.""
Klitz was a prolific artist, in oil on canvas, with London street and "formal" military scenes such as uniformed guardsmen on duty featuring substantially in his work.

</doc>
<doc id="5865733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865733" title="Witteman-Lewis XNBL-1">
Witteman-Lewis XNBL-1

The Wittemann-Lewis NBL-1 "Barling Bomber" was an experimental long-range, heavy bomber built for the United States Army Air Service in the early 1920s. Although unsuccessful as a bomber, it was an early attempt at creating a strategic bomber.
Design and development.
Development of the XNBL-1 (Experimental Night Bomber, Long Range) Barling Bomber is generally attributed (the press called it "Mitchell's Folly") to William "Billy" Mitchell, a U.S.Army Air Service General and most vocal advocate of strategic airpower, who in 1919 discovered Walter H. Barling, who had previously worked for the Royal Aircraft Factory. Mitchell asked Barling to design a bomber capable of carrying enough bombs to sink a battleship. Mitchell's goal was to demonstrate the effectiveness of airpower by sinking a battleship from the air, and needed a large, strategic bomber in order to accomplish this feat. Mitchell projected the cost of two prototype bombers at $375,000. On 15 May 1920, the Army Engineering Division sought bids for the construction of a bomber based on Barling's sketches, with the requirement that it be capable of carrying a bomb load, to an altitude of at a speed of no less than .
Barling had previously designed the Tarrant Tabor, which was similar in concept but was destroyed in a fatal nose-over crash on its first flight in 1919. The nose-over had probably been caused by the high placement of two of the six engines - a compromise due to the lack of more powerful engines. Like the Tabor, the Barling Bomber was a large six-engined triplane with a cigar-shaped fuselage. Unlike its predecessor, the Barling had all of its engines mounted level with the fuselage. The aircraft used three wings, but was not actually a triplane. More correctly, it was a two-and-a-half wing aircraft. The middle wing had no control surfaces, and was shorter and narrower than the two primary wings. The top and bottom wings had a chord of , and each had a surface area of about . The stabilizer and elevator surfaces were with an chord. The fins and rudders looked like a box kite, and had a surface area of . The undercarriage consisted of 10 wheels, including two wheels mounted towards the front of the aircraft (to prevent a nose-over on takeoff) and a tail skid.
The Engineering Division was forced to use Liberty engines because of an abundant supply of the engines. To power the Barling, four 420 hp Liberty engines were mounted between the lower and middle wings in a tractor arrangement, and an additional two in a pusher position. The gross weight of the bomber was 42,569 lbs. It had a fuel capacity of 2,000 gallons, and carried 181 gallons of oil.
Two pilots set in separate cockpits either side of the fuselage, while a bombardier sat in the nose. One or two flight engineers sat behind the cockpits to help tend the engines, a first for any aircraft. A radio operator and a navigator were seated next to them.
The Barling was armed with seven .30-caliber Lewis machine guns, which were operated from five stations. The gun stations gave the gunners a field of fire that covered practically the whole area around the bomber. Bomb racks were mounted in an enclosed bomb bay beneath the gasoline tanks. The bomb bay could accommodate any bomb in the air service inventory, including the 2,000- and 4,000-lb bombs that had been designed specifically to sink a battleship. The Barling incorporated bomb bay doors on the bottom of the fuselage, one of the first aircraft to feature such an innovation.
Production.
The winning bid for construction of the massive bomber went to the Wittemann-Lewis Company of Hasbrouck Heights, New Jersey. They received a contract to construct two aircraft at a cost of $375,000. Due to increased costs and the number of design changes required, the order was cut to one, by the time the aircraft was completed in October 1922, the cost had risen from $375,000 for two bombers to $525,000 for one.
Wittemann-Lewis had to absorb the cost overrun, and went out of business a few months after shipping the completed aircraft to Ohio.
There were only six airfields in the country large enough to accommodate the massive bomber, and after careful consideration the decision was made to base it at Wilbur Wright Field in Fairborn, Ohio (then known as Fairfield) because of its close proximity to McCook Field, and its resources. The bomber was shipped by rail to Wilbur Wright Field in Fairfield, Ohio in May 1923. After 94 days of assembly, the aircraft was ready for its maiden flight.
Operational history.
On 22 August 1923, the Barling Bomber made its maiden flight from Wilbur Wright Field in Fairfield, Ohio. At the time, it was by far the heaviest aircraft in the world, and remains large even by today's standards. On its first flight, it was piloted by Lt. Harold R. Harris, and Lt. Muir S. Fairchild, future U.S. Air Force Vice Chief of Staff. The flight engineer was Douglas Culver. Barling flew along as a passenger. Critics had claimed that the bomber would roll all the way to Dayton before it ever took off, but the aircraft became airborne after a 13-second, takeoff run. The flight lasted 28 minutes and reached an altitude of 2,000 ft (609 m).
On 3 October 1924, the aircraft set a duration record of 1 hour 47 minutes for an aircraft "with 8,820 lbs (4,000 kgs) useful load". It also set a record in the same class for altitude with 4,470 ft (1,363 m).
Although capable of carrying a 5,000 lb (2,300 kg) bomb load, it was soon discovered that the aircraft was seriously underpowered, and performance was disappointing. The overly complex structure of three wings and their accompanying struts and bracing wires created so much interference drag that the six engines could barely compensate. Fully loaded, the XNBL-1 had a range of only about 170 miles (270 km) with a top speed of 96 mph (155 km/h). In contrast, the "short-range" Martin NBS-1 had a range of about 450 miles (725 km) and could carry a 2,000 lb (900 kg) payload at the same speed. On a flight from Dayton, Ohio to a scheduled appearance at an airshow in Washington, DC, the Barling Bomber failed to fly over the Appalachian Mountains and had to turn around.
A problem with water collecting in the aircraft's wings during rain storms necessitated the construction of a special hangar at a cost of $700,000. The hangar was constructed in 1925 at the nearby Fairfield Air Depot.
Although the XNBL-1 was not put into production, it had advanced features such as aluminum fuselage components, adjustable multi-wheel undercarriage, separate compartments for crew, a flight engineer, electrical instruments and advanced engine controls. One unusual feature was that the incidence of the tailplane could be adjusted in flight using a lever in the cockpit. The XNBL-1 was the largest aircraft built in the United States until the Boeing XB-15 in 1935.
Frequently characterized by opponents of airpower as "Mitchell’s Folly" (after Brig.-Gen. William "Billy" Mitchell, who had championed the project), in 1927, the aircraft was disassembled by Air Service personnel and placed in storage at the Fairfield Air Depot. In 1929, then-Major Henry H. "Hap" Arnold was assigned as commander of the Fairfield Air Depot. He submitted a Report of Survey to the Office of the Chief of Air Corps, asking permission to salvage parts from the stored bomber, and burn the rest. Several members of Congress still held an interest in the aircraft, and the request was denied. Maj. Arnold then submitted a similar request to burn the "XNBL-1", omitting any mention of the name "Barling". That request was approved, and the bomber was burned at Fairfield in 1930.
Although the Barling Bomber was considered a failure at the time, it led the way in the development of large, strategic bombers. Even Gen. "Hap" Arnold, who ordered it destroyed, later stated "if we look at it without bias, certainly Barling had influence on the development of B-17s... and B-29s."

</doc>
<doc id="5865747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865747" title="I Miss You (Darren Hayes song)">
I Miss You (Darren Hayes song)

"I Miss You" is the a single released by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes from his debut solo album, "Spin". The track was released as the album's third single in the United Kingdom, and released as the album's fourth single in Australia, released after "Crush (1980 Me)" in 2003. The song debuted at #20 on the UK Singles Chart and #25 on the Australian ARIA Chart. The song features a protagonist describing how he feels when he is away from the one he loves. The song contains the repetitive phrase "Give me a reason...". The music video features Hayes performing in a diner and flashbacks of him and his lover. At the end, he is reunited with her. In Australia, a music video was also released for the Dallas Austin Mix. This video features Australian actress Rose Byrne.

</doc>
<doc id="5865753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865753" title="Colorcoat">
Colorcoat

"Colorcoat"' is a brand owned by steel company Tata Steel Europe, and is the name given to its pre-finished steel products which are commonly used for the building envelope. 
The Colorcoat product range consists of Colorcoat Prisma, and its flagship product, Colorcoat HPS200 Ultra.
Recent efforts have been made in the UK and the Netherlands to revatalise the Colorcoat brand, which has been in existence for over 40 years, as the brand name was almost used as a generic term for pre-finished steel on the building envelope within the European construction industry .
Current Research in Shotton, Wales is aimed at making Dye-sensitized solar cell Colorcoat Roofs.

</doc>
<doc id="5865763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865763" title="Gary McSwegan">
Gary McSwegan

Gary John McSwegan (born 24 September 1970) is a Scottish former professional footballer. A striker, he began his career with Rangers, leaving to join Notts County in England. He returned to Scotland and had spells with Dundee United, Heart of Midlothian and Kilmarnock. Later in his career he went on to play for Ross County, Inverness Caledonian Thistle, and - finally - Clyde. He made two international appearances for Scotland whilst a Hearts player, and was also a Scotland under-21 internationalist.
Career.
Domestic.
McSwegan was born in Glasgow and started his career with Rangers, where he scored 5 goals in only 24 appearances during his six years at Ibrox, including a goal against Marseille in the 1992-93 Champions League; this goal was the first goal ever scored in the Champions League proper by a substitute. His first team opportunities at Rangers, however, appeared to be limited and in 1993 he joined Notts County for £400,000. Two seasons later he returned to Scotland with Dundee United for £375,000 where he remained for three seasons, scoring 42 goals.
He joined Hearts in 1998 on a free transfer where he notched up 31 goals in 98 appearances. By 2002, however, McSwegan had fallen out of favour at Hearts and subsequently had loan spells in England with Barnsley and Luton Town before joining Kilmarnock where he remained for two seasons, scoring 17 goals.
His next professional club was Ross County where he played 39 games, scoring just 1 goal against Queen of the South in two injury-ravaged seasons. Despite these problems, McSwegan returned to top flight football, when signed by Inverness Caledonian Thistle in September 2006 on a short-term deal. McSwegan left Inverness Caledonian Thistle at the end of the 2006–07 season and joined Peterhead.
McSwegan joined Clyde on 14 March 2008, after previously training with the club and appearing in reserve games. He made his debut the following day, in a 1-1 draw against Stirling Albion in the Scottish First Division. He scored his first goal for the club in the final league game of the season, scoring the first in a 3-0 win over Stirling Albion. He then went on to score two goals in their successful relegation play offs in ties against Alloa and Airdrie. In June 2008, McSwegan signed a one year contract extension with the Broadwood side. He scored three goals in his second season, with two goals against Queen's Park in the League Cup and a late winner in the league against Livingston. This meant that all six of his goals for Clyde came in the Broadwood Stadium. McSwegan was released by Clyde in June 2009 along with the rest of the out of contract players, due to the club's financial position.
International.
McSwegan won two caps for Scotland in 1999. He won his first cap on 5 October 1999, coming on as a late substitute in a EURO 2000 qualifier against Bosnia and Herzegovina, which Scotland won 1-0. His second and final cap came four days later, against Lithuania. McSwegan started the game, and scored Scotland's second goal in a 3-0 victory.
Gary also coaches young people throughout Glasgow in his role with coaching and groupwork company A&M Training.
Career statistics.
"After 25 October 2008"

</doc>
<doc id="5865771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865771" title="Francqui Prize">
Francqui Prize

The Francqui Prize is a prestigious Belgian scholarly and scientific prize, awarded each year since 1933 by the Francqui Foundation in recognition of the achievements of a young (under 50) Belgian scholar or scientist. The prize is named after Émile Francqui. It represents a sum of 150,000 €, and is awarded in the following three-year rotation of subjects: exact sciences, social sciences, and biological or medical sciences.
The prize is meant to encourage the further work of the young laureate, rather than crown the latter's career. He is also asked to organise an international colloquium in the appropriate discipline the same year that he is awarded the prize, which usually leads to an international publication which enables the quality of Belgian university research to be more widely appreciated.

</doc>
<doc id="5865775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865775" title="Mark Walker (songwriter)">
Mark Walker (songwriter)

Mark Walker (1846–1924) was a fisherman and songwriter from Tickle Cove, Bonavista Bay, Newfoundland (now Newfoundland and Labrador). He is best remembered for writing the song "Tickle Cove Pond".
Mark Walker was born in Tickle Cove, Bonavista Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador in 1846. He married Mary Downey of Coachman's Cove on August 30, 1873, and moved to Sweet Bay, Bonavista Bay around 1875. There he worked as a fisherman, a boat builder, and the first postmaster of Sweet Bay. 
Some of the songs written by Mark Walker include: 
Some of Mark Walker's relatives have asserted that Walker also wrote "The Star of Logy Bay," and that the song was originally called "Love's Lamentations." 
It is believed that Mark Walker wrote all of his songs before he moved to Boston in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="5865783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865783" title="Wardell">
Wardell

Wardell can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5865789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865789" title="List of National Historic Monuments of Argentina">
List of National Historic Monuments of Argentina

The National Historic Monuments of Argentina are buildings, sites and features in Argentina listed by national decree as historic sites. This designation encourages greater protection under the oversight of the "Comisión Nacional de Museos, Monumentos y Lugares Históricos" (National Commission of Museums, Monuments and Historic Places), created in 1940. In addition, provinces also have local lists of historic monuments.
There are approximately 400 buildings or sites on the list. Most are buildings or sites from the pre-Hispanic or Colonial periods and some are battlefields and other locations associated with the independence of the country. In recent years the government has been making efforts to include sites on the list that reflect the country's industrial and immigrant heritage.
The Commission has been criticised for not doing enough to preserve the buildings on the list, and only declaring sites as monuments after they have been altered or partly demolished.
Córdoba Province.
The building of Jose de Leo Carnedo from the 17th century.
Mendoza Province.
Battlefields
Tombs
National Historic Places.
In addition to the National Historic Monuments, a number of places have been designated 'National Historic Places' ("Lugares Históricos Nacionales"), including:

</doc>
