<doc id="5934467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934467" title="Ohio State Route 85">
Ohio State Route 85

State Route 85 (SR 85, OH 85) is an east–west state highway in the northeastern Ohio. The western terminus of SR 85 is in the center of Andover where it intersects U.S. Route 6 (US 6) and SR 7. Its eastern terminus is just over east of Andover at the Pennsylvania State Line in the middle of the Pymatuning Causeway, where Pennsylvania Route 285 (PA 285) continues east.
The shortest of three state routes that lie completely within Ashtabula County, the current SR 85 is a fraction of the route it was when first designated in the mid-1920s, when it ran from Euclid to Andover and onto the Pymatuning Causeway. When US 6 was designated in Ohio in the early 1930s, SR 85 was at first co-signed with the U.S. highway from Euclid to Andover, but by the late 1930s, the SR 85 shields were removed from this stretch of roadway, leaving just the stretch of highway that exists today.
Route description.
The entirety of SR 85 is situated in the eastern portion of Ashtabula County. No part of SR 85 is included within the National Highway System, a system of routes deemed most important for the economy, defense and mobility of the country.
SR 85 begins at an intersection with US 6 and SR 7 at a rectangular traffic circle that encircles Andover Township Park in downtown Andover. The two-lane state highway, which runs generally due east for its entire length, departs from the intersection and passes through a primarily commercial stretch of roadway to the point where it crosses the village limits of Andover, and enters into Andover Township. The tree-lined highway passes a mix of businesses and residences before reaching a signalized intersection with Pymatuning Lake Road, a road that follows the western edge of the Pymatuning Reservoir and connects SR 85 with the facilities of Pymatuning State Park. East of the traffic light, SR 85 traverses the Pymatuning Causeway, which crosses the middle of the Pymatuning Reservoir. Approximately halfway across the causeway, the roadway hits the Pennsylvania state line. At that point, SR 85 comes to an end, and PA 285 picks up the rest of the route across the causeway.
History.
SR 85 was first designated in 1923, running from SR 2 in Euclid, to its current eastern terminus at PA 285. When US 6 was routed into Ohio in 1932, it was routed via the stretch of SR 85 between Euclid and Andover. For the six years following, US 6 and SR 85 were run concurrently along that stretch of roadway. In 1938, SR 85 was truncated to its current routing between Andover and the connection to Pennsylvania Route 285 on the Pymatuning Causeway, leaving US 6 to be the lone route running between Euclid and Andover.

</doc>
<doc id="5934475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934475" title="Andrée Brunet">
Andrée Brunet

Andrée Brunet (also Andrée Joly, September 16, 1901 in Paris, France – March 30, 1993, Boyne City, Michigan, USA) was a French figure skater and two-time Olympic champion in pair skating.
Biography.
Brunet and her partner Pierre Brunet are considered groundbreakers in early pair skating. They are credited with creating mirror skating, and new jumps, lifts, and spins. At their first Olympic games, the 1924 Games in Chamonix, they performed more skills than any pair previously had. However, the judges thought they performed too many tricks, and they were awarded only the bronze. Other skaters took note though, and the Joly/Brunet style quickly became common in the sport. Joly and Brunet continued to perform skills previously unseen in pair skating. Joly was also among the first female skaters to wear a black dress to match her partner's outfit, rather than the traditional white dress.
Joly and Brunet soon became dominant in pair skating. They were French national champions from 1924 until 1935, and won four World Championships, competing in alternate years (1926, 1928, 1930, and 1932). They were Olympic champions in 1928 and 1932. They refused to defend their title at the Garmisch-Partenkirchen 1936 Winter Olympics, however, in protest of Nazi Germany. 
Joly and Brunet also competed in individual events—Joly placed 5th and 11th at the 1924 and 1928 Olympics, respectively. She was also the French women's champion from 1921 to 1931.
Pierre and Andrée were married in 1929 (and thereafter competed under the name "Brunet" instead of her maiden name "Joly"). In 1936 they turned professional at toured Europe and Canada. In 1940 they emigrated to the United States. They became coaches, and trained future Olympic champions Carol Heiss and Scott Hamilton. They coached in New York, Illinois, and Michigan until retiring in 1979.
The couple had a son, Jean-Pierre, who became the U.S. pairs champion with Donna Jeanne Pospisil in 1945 and 1946. 
The Brunets were inducted into the World Figure Skating Hall of Fame in 1976.
Results.
Ladies singles
Pairs (with Pierre Brunet)

</doc>
<doc id="5934479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934479" title="Langenburg">
Langenburg

Langenburg is a town in the district of Schwäbisch Hall, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is located on a hill above the river Jagst, 18 km northeast of Schwäbisch Hall. It is also the place where the Wibele - small, sweet, biscuit-like pastries - were invented and are still baked today.
History.
The history of Langenburg begins with the building of a castle on the western hill crag. Prehistoric settling is likely, but not proven. Langenburg is first documented in 1226. The free Lords of Langenburg, which stepped into history in 1201, were closely related to the Lords of Hohenlohe. Maybe they even held family bonds. After the Langenburgs had died out, the Hohenlohe family inherited the possessions. Langenburg thus came under the rule of Hohenlohe and remained part of the Principality for the next centuries.
Since 1568 Langenburg was the residency of the county and latter principality Hohenlohe-Langenburg.
In the 17th Century, Langenburg was the site of witch trials. The last victims, Anna Schmieg and Barbara Schleicher, were executed in 1672.
Sights.
Langenburg has a vintage car museum and the large Langenburg Castle, the seat of the family of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5934485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934485" title="Wangaratta Airport">
Wangaratta Airport

Wangaratta Airport is located about from Wangaratta, Victoria, Australia just off the Hume Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="5934489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934489" title="Lumazine synthase">
Lumazine synthase

Lumazine synthase (, "6,7-dimethyl-8-ribityllumazine synthase", "6,7-dimethyl-8-ribityllumazine synthase 2", "6,7-dimethyl-8-ribityllumazine synthase 1", "lumazine synthase 2", "lumazine synthase 1", "type I lumazine synthase", "type II lumazine synthase", "RIB4", "MJ0303", "RibH", "Pbls", "MbtLS", "RibH1 protein", "RibH2 protein", "RibH1", "RibH2") is an enzyme with system name "5-amino-6-(D-ribitylamino)uracil butanedionetransferase". This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
This enzyme is involved in riboflavin biosynthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="5934492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934492" title="Fabio Pecchia">
Fabio Pecchia

Fabio Pecchia (born 24 August 1973 in Formia) is an Italian football former midfielder and currently the assistant coach of Napoli.
Career.
Playing career.
A journeyman with eleven different clubs in his career, including a 1997-98 stint with Juventus, Pecchia amassed over 300 first division appearances. Pecchia was sold to Torino for 5.9 billion Italian lire (€3,047,096). In June 2001 Juve gave up the remain 50% registration rights to Torino. On 31 January 2007 he was signed by U.S. Foggia. In July 2007 he signed a 1-year contract with Serie B club Frosinone.
Pecchia competed for Italy at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Coaching career.
Pecchia retired from playing football in 2009, and successively became Foggia's assistant coach. He left his coaching post by mutual consent, together with head coach Antonio Porta, on 19 January 2010.
On 18 June 2011 he was appointed head coach of Serie B club Gubbio. He was removed from his managerial post on 16 October 2011 due to poor results.
In the season 2012-13 he became the new head coach of Latina.
On 21 June, 2013, He has served as assistant coach for Rafael Benitez

</doc>
<doc id="5934496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934496" title="St. Croix Lutheran High School">
St. Croix Lutheran High School

St. Croix Lutheran High School, is a parochial high school in West St. Paul, Minnesota. The secondary school has a student body population of about four hundred total students in ninth through twelfth grade. Most of St. Croix’s students live in the greater Minneapolis/St. Paul area and travel to and from school each day. However, about one hundred students stay in an on-campus residence, so students from all over America and all over the world go to school at St. Croix. St. Croix has had students from Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, China, Colombia, Croatia, Dominican Republic, Ethiopia, France, Germany, Ghana, Haiti, Hong Kong, Japan, Mexico, Pakistan, Russia, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam and a variety of American states. 
St. Croix is a school with one of the lowest parochial high school tuitions in the state of Minnesota. Teachers work with students in classes that prepare students for college and include the required courses of English, Social Studies, Mathematics, Religion, Science, Physical Education and Health. A variety of elective courses encourage student's special interests and prepares them to attend colleges like Cornell University, Notre Dame, UCLA, University of Minnesota, Penn State University, Macalaster College, United States Military Academy, Marquette University, Bethany Lutheran College and Martin Luther College.
Athletics.
The football team won their first State Championship in class AAA with an undefeated season in 2011. In the 2006-2007 and 2011-2012 school year, the men's basketball team won its sub-section. The men's track & field team won state in 2007. In the Spring of 2007, the boys' track and field team won the Tri-Metro Conference and the Class A Minnesota True Team State Track and Field championship. The boys track team repeated their track conference win and their True Team win in both 2008 and 2009. The St. Croix Track boys and girls team also won the section true team and conference meats in the spring of 2012. Both boys and girls went on to the Class AA Minnesota True Team State Track and Field meat where they received fifth and ninth respectively. The boys soccer team also had their best season with a record of 10-7-2 and made it to section 4A semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="5934499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934499" title="Warracknabeal Airport">
Warracknabeal Airport

Warracknabeal Airport is located about south of Warracknabeal, Victoria, Australia on the Henty Highway towards Horsham. It is within the locality of Kellalac.

</doc>
<doc id="5934503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934503" title="Modern Fiction Studies">
Modern Fiction Studies

Modern Fiction Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1955 at Purdue University's Department of English, where it is still edited. It publishes general and themed issues on the topic of modernist and contemporary fiction using original research from literary scholars. It seeks to challenge and expand the perception of "modern fiction". Special issues may focus on a specific topic or author. Recent issues have featured Toni Morrison and J. R. R. Tolkien. The journal also includes book reviews. The current editor in chief is John N. Duvall (Purdue University). The journal is published by Johns Hopkins University Press and appears quarterly in March, June, September, and December. Circulation is 2,265 and the average length of an issue is 284 pages.
See also.
Modernist literature

</doc>
<doc id="5934507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934507" title="Myrcia">
Myrcia

Myrcia is a genus of the flowering plant family Myrtaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="5934515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934515" title="Warrnambool Airport">
Warrnambool Airport

Warrnambool Airport is located northwest of Warrnambool, Victoria in Australia. At present, no airlines serve the airport, although there are scenic tours offered by Air Warrnambool. HEMS 4 (Helicopter Emergency Medical Service), a Bell 412, of Air Ambulance Victoria is based at the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5934518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934518" title="Japanese propaganda during World War II">
Japanese propaganda during World War II

Japanese propaganda during World War II was designed to assist the ruling government of Japan during that time. Many of its elements were continuous with pre-war elements of statism in Shōwa Japan, including the principles of kokutai, hakkō ichiu, and bushido. New forms of propaganda were developed to persuade occupied countries of the benefits of the Greater Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere, to undermine American troops' morale, to counteract claims of Japanese atrocities, and to present the war to the Japanese people as victorious. It started with the Second Sino-Japanese War, which merged into World War II. It used a large variety of media to send its messages. 
Films.
The Film Law of 1939 decreed a "healthy development of the industry" which abolished sexually frivolous films and social issues. Instead, films were to elevate national consciousness, present the national and international situation appropriately, and otherwise aid the "public welfare."
The use of propaganda in World War II was extensive and far reaching but possibly the most effective form of propaganda used by the Japanese government was film. Japanese films were often meant for a far wider audience as opposed to American films of the same time.
In China, Japan’s use of propaganda films was extensive. After Japan's invasion of China, movie houses were among the first establishments to be reopened Most of the materials being shown were war news reels, Japanese motion pictures, or propaganda shorts paired with traditional Chinese films. Movies were also used in other conquered Asian countries usually with the theme of Japan as Asia’s savior against the Western tyrants or spoke of the history of friendly relations between the countries with films such as, "The Japan You Don't Know".
China was a favorite subject of Japanese film makers, as war had already been occurring there for several years before further expansion into other nations was attempted. Of these films most took place on the Chinese front and many had a romantic theme between a Japanese officer and a Chinese woman. This may have been a way for the Japanese to demonstrate their goodwill toward China and thus the greater realm of Asian nations being conquered.
Several types of ‘national policy films’ or propaganda pictures were used in World War II including combat films depicting fighting soldiers, spy films and costume pictures. Combat films often gave a vague depiction of the enemy, possibly because Japan had the monumental task of not only inciting support from its own people, but also those it conquered. Without the support of its conquered nations Japan's war would falter. Spy films, unlike combat films, clearly defined the enemy. The depiction of the enemy was lazy, slovenly and greedy. The Western world was portrayed as overindulgent and lavished. Japanese film makers used similar techniques as American propagandists using prejudices and xenophobia as a tool. Spy films were more extensively used after all out war was declared with western nations like England and America. Costume pictures were used as national pride pieces and helped impress upon the Japanese people the importance of tradition. A sub category of the costume picture is the samurai movie. Themes used within these films include self-sacrifice and honor to the emperor. Japanese films often did not shy away from the use of suffering often portraying its troops as the underdog. This had the effect of making Japan look as though it was the victim inciting greater sympathy from its audience. The propaganda pieces also often illustrated the Japanese people as pure and virtuous depicting them as superior both racially and morally. The war is portrayed as continuous and is usually not adequately explained.
In the early stages of the war with China, a realistic film such as "The Five Scouts" was feasible, depicting the war without nationalism, but as the greater war approached, the Home Ministry demanded more patriotism, and with Pearl Harbor, "national polity themes" – or war themes.
Magazines and newspapers.
Magazines supported the war from its beginnings as the Second Sino-Japanese War with stories of heroism, tales of war widows, and advice on making do. 
After the attack on Pearl Harbor, control tightened, aided by the patriotism of many reporters. Magazines were told that the cause of the war was the enemy's egoistic desire to rule the world, and ordered, under the guise of requests, to promote anti-American and anti-British sentiment. When Jun'ichirō Tanizaki began to serialize his novel "Sasameyuki", a nostalgic account of pre-war family life, the editors of "Chūōkōron" were warned it did not contribute to the needed war spirit. Despite Tanizaki's history of treating Westernization and modernization as corrupting, a "sentimental" tale of "bouregeoise family life" was not acceptable. Fearful of losing supplies of paper, it cut off the serialization. A year later "Chūōkōron" and "Kaizo" were forced to "voluntarily" dissolve after police beat confessions out of "Communist" staffers.
Newspapers added columnists to whip up martial fervor. Magazines were ordered to print militaristic slogans. An article "Americanism as the Enemy" said that the Japanese should study American dynamism, stemming from its social structure, which was taken as praise despite the editor's having added "as the Enemy" to the title, and resulted in the withdrawal of the issue.
Cartoons.
Cartoonists formed a patriotic association to promote fighting spirit, stir up hatred of the enemy, and encourage people to economize. They were also used to create informational papers, to instruct occupied populations, and also soldiers about the countries they occupied.
Books.
The "Shinmin no Michi" or "Path of Subjects" described what the Japanese should aspire to be, and depicted Western culture as corrupt.
The booklet "Read This and the War is Won", printed for distribution to the army, not only discussed tropical fighting conditions but also why the army fought. Colonialism was presented as a tiny group of colonists living in luxury by placing burdens on Asians; because ties of blood connected them to the Japanese, and Asians had been weakened by colonialism, it was Japan's place to "make men of them again."
Textbooks.
The Ministry of Education, led by a general, sent out propagandistic textbooks. Military oversight of education was intense, with officers arriving at any time to inspect classes and sometimes rebuke the instructor before the class.
Similarly, textbooks were revised in occupied China to instruct Chinese children in heroic Japanese figures.
Education.
Even prior to the war, military education treated science as a way to teach that the Japanese were a morally superior race, and history as teaching pride in Japan, with Japan not being only the most splendid nation, but the only splendid one.
After the attack on Pearl Harbor, elementary schools were renamed "National Schools" and charged to produce "children of the Emperor" who would sacrifice themselves for the nation. Children were marched to school where half their time was spent on indoctrination on loyalty to the emperor, and frugality, obedience, honesty, and diligence. Teachers were instructed to teach "Japanese science" based on the "Imperial Way", which precluded evolution in view of their claims to divine descent. Students were given more physical education and required to perform community service. Compositions, drawings, calligraphy, and pageants were based on military themes. Those who left school after completing six years were required to attend night school for Japanese history and ethics, military training for boys, and home economics for girls.
As the war went on, teachers lay more emphasis on the children's destiny as warriors; when one child grew airsick on a swing, a teacher told him he would not be a good fighter pilot. Pupils were shown caricatures of Americans and British to instruct them about their enemy.
Girls graduating on Okinawa heard a speech by their principal on how they must work hard to avoid shaming the school before they were inducted into the Student Corps to act as nurses.
Radio.
News reports were required to be official state announcements, read exactly, and as the war in China went on, even entertainment programs addressed wartime conditions.
The announcement of the war was made by radio, soon followed by an address from Tojo, who informed the people that in order to annihilate the enemy and ensure a stable Asia, a long war had to be anticipated.
To take advantage of the radio's adaptability to events, "Morning Addresses" were made twice a month for schools.
Short wave radios were used to broadcast anti-European propaganda to Southeast Asia even before the war. Japan, fearful of foreign propaganda, had banned such receivers for Japanese, but built broadcasters for all the occupied countries to extol the benefits of Japanese rule and attack Europeans. "Singing towers" or "singing trees" had loudspeakers on them to spread the broadcasts.
Broadcasts to India urged revolt.
Tokyo Rose's broadcasts were aimed at American troops.
Negro propaganda operations.
In an effort to exacerbate racial tensions in the United States, the Japanese enacted what was titled, “Negro Propaganda Operations.” This plan, created by Yasuichi Hikida, the director of Japanese propaganda for Black Americans, consisted of three areas. First was gathering information pertaining to Black Americans and their struggles in America, second was the use of Black prisoners of war in the propaganda, and third was the use of short-wave radio broadcasts. Through shortwave radio broadcasts, Japanese used their own radio announcers and African American POWs to spread propaganda to the United States. Broadcasts focused on U.S. news stories involving racial tension, such as the Detroit Race riots and lynchings. For example, one broadcast commented, “notorious lynchings are a rare practice even among the most savage specimens of the human race.” In an effort to gain more listeners, POWs would be allowed to address family members back home. The Japanese believed propaganda would be the most effective if they used African American POWs to communicate to African Americans back home. Using programs titled "Conversations about Real Black POW Experiences" and "Humanity Calls", POWs would speak on the conditions of war, and their treatment in the military. POWs with artistic strengths were used in plays and or songs that were broadcast back home.
The success of this propaganda is much debated, as only a small minority of people in America had shortwave radios. Even so, some scholars believe that the Negro Propaganda Operations, “evoked a variety of responses within the Black community and the sum total of these reactions forced America’s government to improve conditions for Blacks in the military and society." Even the NAACP (National Association for the Advancement of Colored People) saw the propaganda as, “...a media tool in the struggle against racial discrimination”. Despite these debates both sides agree that these programs were particularly dangerous because of their foundation in truth.
Leaflets.
Leaflets in China asked why they were not better defended after all the money they had spent.
Leaflets were dropped by airplane on the Philippines, Malaya, and Indonesia, urging them to surrender as the Japanese would be better than the Europeans. They were also dropped in India to encourage a revolt against British rule now that Great Britain was distracted.
Slogans.
Slogans were used throughout Japan for propaganda purpose. They were used as patriotic exortion – "National Unity", "One Hundred Million With One Spirit" – and to urge frugality – "Away with frivolous entertainment!".
Themes.
Kokutai.
Kokutai, meaning the uniqueness of the Japanese people in having a leader with spiritual origins, was officially promulgated by the government, including a text book sent about by the Ministry of Education. The purpose of this instruction was to ensure that every child regarded himself first of all as a Japanese and was grateful for the "family polity" structure of government, with its apex in the emperor. Indeed, little effort was made during the course of the war to explain to the Japanese people what it was fought for; instead, it was presented as a chance to rally about the emperor.
In 1937, the pamphlet "Kokutai no Hongi" was written to explain the principle. It clearly stated its purpose: to overcome social unrest and to develop a new Japan. From this pamphlet, pupils were taught to put the nation before the self, and that they were part of the state and not separate from it. The Ministry of Education promulgated it throughout the school system.
In 1939, Taisei Yokusankai (Imperial Rule Assistance Association) was founded by the prime minister to "restore the spirit and virtues of old Japan". When the number of patriotic associations during the war worried the government, they were folded into the IRAA, which used them to mobilize the nation and promote unity.
In 1941, "Shinmin no Michi" was written to instruct the Japanese what to aspire to. Ancient texts set forth the central precepts of loyalty and filial piety, which would throw aside selfishness and allow them to complete their "holy task." It called for them to become "one hundred million hearts beating as one" – a call that would reappear in American anti-Japanese propaganda, though "Shinmin no Michi" explicitly said that many Japanese "failed" to act in this manner. The obedience called for was to be blind and absolute. The war would be a purifying experience to draw them back to the "pure and cloudless heart" of their inherent character that they had strayed from. Their natural racial purity should be reflected in their unity. Patriotic war songs seldom mentioned the enemy, and then only generically; the tone was elegiac, and the topic was purity and transcendence, often compared to cherry blossom.
The final letters of kamikaze pilots expressed, above all, that their motivations were gratitude to Japan and to its Emperor as the embodiment of kokutai. One letter, after praising Japanese history and the way of life their ancestors had passed down to them, and the Imperial family as the crystallization of Japan's splendour, concluded, "It is an honor to be able to give my life in defense of these beautiful and lofty things." 
Intellectuals at an "overcoming modernity" conference proclaimed that prior to the Meiji Restoration, Japan has been a classless society under a benevolent emperor, but the restoration had plunged the nation into Western materialism (an argument that ignored commercialism and ribald culture in the Tokugawa era), which had caused people to forget their nature, which the war would enable them to reclaim.
Baseball, jazz, and other Western profligate ways were singled out in government propaganda to be abandoned for a pure spirit of sacrifice.
This "Yamato" spirit would allow them to overcome the vast disproportion in fighting materiel.
This belief was so well indoctrinated that even as Allied victories overwhelmed the ability of the Japanese government to cover them up with lies, many Japanese refused to believe that "God's country" could be defeated. The military government likewise fought on hopes that the casualty lists would undermine the Allied will to fight. General Ushijami, addressing his troops in Okinawa, told them their greatest strength lay in moral superiority. Even as American forces proceeded from victory to victory, Japanese propaganda claimed military superiority. The attack on Iwo Jima was announced by the "Home and Empire" broadcast with uncommon praise of the American commanders but also the confident declaration that they must not leave the island alive. The dying words of President Roosevelt were altered to "I have made a terrible mistake" and some editorials proclaimed it a punishment of Heaven. American interrogators of prisoners found that they were unshakable in their conviction of Japan's sacred mission. After the war, one Japanese doctor explained to American interrogators that the people of Japan had foolishly believed that the gods would indeed help them out of their predicament.
This also brought them a sense of racial superiority to the Asian peoples they claimed to liberate that did much to undermine Japanese propaganda for racial unity. Their "bright and strong" souls made them the superior race, and therefore their proper place was in the leadership of the Greater Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere. Anyone not Japanese was an enemy – devilish, animalistic – including other Asian peoples such as the Chinese. Strict racial segregation was maintained in conquered regions, and they were encouraged to think of themselves as "the world's foremost people."
This race was, indeed, to be further improved with physical fitness and social-welfare programs, and population policies to increase their number. A campaign to promote fertility, to produce future citizens, continued through 1942, and no efforts were made to recruit women to war work for that reason. The slogan "Be fruitful and multiply" was used in campaigns.
Rural life.
Despite its military strength being dependent on industrialization, the regime glorified rural life.
The traditional rural and agricultural life was opposed to the modern city; proposals were made to fight the atomizing effects of cities by locating schools and factories in the countryside, to maintain the rural population. Agrarianist rhetoric exulted village harmony, even while tenants and landlords were pitted against each other by war needs.
Spiritual mobilization.
The National Spiritual Mobilization Movement was formed from 74 organizations to rally the nation for a total war effort. It carried out such tasks as instructing schoolchildren on the "Holy war in China", and having women roll bandages for the war effort.
Production.
Even prior to the war, the organization Sanpo existed to explain the need to meet production quotas, even if sacrifices were needed; it did so with rallies, lectures, and panel discussion, and also set up programs to assist workers' lives to attract membership.
Among the early victories was one that secured an oil field, giving Japan its own source for the first time; propaganda exulted that Japan was no longer a "have-not" nation.
In 1943, as the American industrial juggernaut produced material superiority for the American forces, calls were made for a more war-like footing on part of the population, in particular in calls for increases in war materials. The emphasis on training soldiers rather than arming them had left the armed forces dangerously ill-supplied after the heavy attrition. Morning assemblies at factories had officers address the workers and enjoin them to meet their quotas. The production levels were kept up, albeit at the price of extraordinary sacrifice.
Privation.
Magazines gave advice on economizing on food and clothing as soon as war broke out with China.
After the outbreak of war with the United States, early suggestions that the people enjoyed the victories too much and were not prepared for the long war ahead were not taken, and so early propaganda did not contain warnings.
In 1944, propaganda endeavoured to warn the Japanese people of disasters to come, and install in them a spirit as in Saipan, to accept more privation for the war. Articles were written claiming the Americans could not stage air-raids from Saipan, although since they could from China, they clearly could from Saipan; the purpose was to subtly warn of the dangers to come. The actual bombing raids brought new meaning to the slogan "We are all equal." Early songs proclaiming that the cities had iron defenses and it was an honor to defend the homeland quickly lost their luster. Still, continued calls to sacrifice were honored; neighborhood association helped, as no one wanted to be seen quitting first.
Accounts of self-sacrificing privation were common in the press: a teacher dressed in tatters who refused to wear a new shirt because all his friends are likewise tattered, and officers and governmental officials who made do without any form of heating. This reflected the privation actually in society, where clothing was at premium and the work week was seven days long, with schooling cut to a minimum so that children could work.
Hakkō ichiu.
Like Nazi Germany's demands for Lebensraum, Japanese propaganda complained of being kept trapped in its own home waters. Hakkō ichiu, "to bring the eight corners of the world under one roof", added a religious overtone to the theme. It was based on the story of Emperor Jimmu, who had founded Japan, and finding five races on it, had made them all as "brothers of one family." In 1940, the "Japan Times and Mail" recounted the story of Jimmu on the 2600 anniversary.
The news of Hitler's success in Europe, followed by Mussolini's joining in the conflict, produced the slogan "Don't miss the bus!" as the European war gave them the opportunity to conquer Southeast Asia for its resources.
On the outbreak of war, Tojo declared that as long as there remains a spirit of loyalty and patriotism under this policy, there was nothing to fear.
"An Investigation of Global Policy with the Yamato Race as Nucleus" explicitly called for such expansion; although a secret document for use of the policy-makers, it laid out explicitly what is elsewhere hinted at in. It explicitly laid out that the superior position of Japan in the Greater Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere, showing the subordination of other nations was not forced by the war, but part of explicit policy.
This was also justified on the grounds that the resource-poor Japanese could not count on any sources of raw material that they did not control themselves. Propaganda stated that Japan was being strangled by "ABCD" – America, Britain, China, and Dutch East Indies—through trade embargoes and boycotts. Even in preparation of the war, the newspapers reported that unless negotiations improved, Japan would be forced to engage in self-defense measures.
Bushido.
The samurai code "bushido" was pressed into service for indoctrination in militarism. This was used to present war as purifying, and death a duty. This worked to prevent surrenders, both of those who adhered to it, and of those who feared disgrace if they did not die. This was presented as revitalizing traditional values and "transcending the modern." War was presented as a purifying experience, albeit only for the Japanese. "Bushido" would provide a spiritual shield to let soldiers fight to the end. All soldiers were expected to adhere to it, although historically it had been the duty of higher ranked "samurai" and not common soldiers. 
As taught, it produced a reckless indifference to the technological side of warfare. Japan's production was a fraction of America's, making equipment difficult. Officers declared themselves indifferent to radar, because they had perfectly good eyes. The blue-eyed Americans would necessarily be inferior to the dark-eyed Japanese at night attacks. At Imphal, the commander declared to his troops that it was a battle between their spiritual strength and the British material strength, a command which became famous as rubric of Japanese spirit.
Soldiers were told that the bayonet was their central weapon, and many kept them affixed at all times. Guns were treated as symbolic representations of martial spirit and loyalty, so any negligence regarding them was severely punished.
As early as the Shanghai Incident, the principles of victory or death were already implemented, and much was made of a captured Japanese soldier who returned to the site of his capture to commit "seppuku". Three troopers who had blown themselves up on a section of barbed wire were lauded as "three human bombs" and featured in no less than six films, even though they may have died only because their fuses were too short. Tojo himself, in a 1940 booklet, urged the spirit of self-sacrifice on soldiers, to not consider death. It unquestionably contributed to the maltreatment of prisoners of war, who had performed the disgraceful act of surrender. Another consequence was that nothing was done to train soldiers for captivity, with the result that Americans found Japanese prisoners much easier to get information from than the Japanese found American prisoners.
In 1932, Akiko Yosano's poetry urged Japanese soldiers to endure sufferings in China and compared the dead soldiers to cherry blossoms, a traditional image that would be put to great use throughout the war.
The emphasis on this tradition and the lack of a comparable military tradition in the United States led to an underestimating of American fighting spirit, which surprised Japanese forces at Midway, Bataan, and other Pacific War battles. It also emphasized attack to the expense of defense. "Bushido" argued for bold advances in the face of common sense, which was urged on the troops.
The dead were treated as "war gods", starting with the nine submariners who died at Pearl Harbor (with the tenth, taken prisoner, never being mentioned in Japanese press). 
The burials of and memorials for "hero gods" who had fallen in battle provided the Japanese public with news of battle that had not been otherwise released, as when a submarine attack on Sydney was revealed through burial of four who died; this propaganda frequently clashed with propaganda on victory. Even years before the war, children had been instructed in school that dying for the emperor transformed one into a deity. As the war turned, the spirit of "bushido" was invoked to urge that all depended on the firm and united soul of the nation. Media were filled with stories of samurai, old and new. Newspapers printed "bidan", beautiful stories, about dead soldiers with their photographs and having a family member speak of them; before Pearl Harbor and the crushing casualties of the Pacific War, they endeavoured to get such a story for every fallen soldier. While fighting in China, the casualties were low enough that individual cases were glorified. Letters from "fallen heroes" became a staple of Japanese newspapers by 1944.
Defeats were treated chiefly in terms of resistance to death. The "Time'"s article on Saipan and the mass civilian suicides there was widely reported with the "awe-filled" enemy reports treated as evidence of the glory of sacrifice and the pride of Japanese women. When the Battle of Attu was lost, attempts were made to make the more than two thousand Japanese deaths an inspirational epic for the fighting spirit of the nation. Suicidal rushes were glorified as showing the Japanese spirit. Arguments that the plans for the Battle of Leyte Gulf, involving all Japanese ships, would expose Japan to serious danger if they failed, were countered with the plea that the Navy be permitted to "bloom as flowers of death." The last message of the forces on Peleliu was "Sakura, Sakura" – cherry blossoms.
The first proposals of organized suicide attacks met resistance because while "bushido" called for a warrior to be always aware of death, but not to view it as the sole end. The Japanese Imperial Navy had not ordered any attacks it was impossible to survive; even with the midget submarines in the Pearl Harbor attack, plans had been made for rejoining the mother ship, if feasible. The desperate straits brought about acceptance. Propagandists immediately set about ennobling such deaths. Such attacks were acclaimed as the true spirit of bushido, and became an integral part of strategy with Okinawa.
Vice Admiral Takijirō Ōnishi addressed the first kamikaze (suicide attack) unit, telling them that their nobility of spirit would keep the homeland from ruin even in defeat. The names of four sub-units within the "Kamikaze" Special Attack Force were "Unit Shikishima", "Unit Yamato", "Unit Asahi", and "Unit Yamazakura". These names were taken from a patriotic poem (waka or tanka), "Shikishima no Yamato-gokoro wo hito towaba, asahi ni niou yamazakura bana" by the Japanese classical scholar, Motoori Norinaga.
This also drew upon popular symbolism in Japan of the fall of the cherry blossom as a symbol of mortality. These, and other kamikaze attackers, were acclaimed as national heroes. Divers, prepared for such work in the event of the invasion of Japan, were given individual ensigns, to indicate they could replace an entire ship, and carefully separated so that they would die from their own handiwork rather than another's.
The propaganda urging such deaths, and resistance to death, was issued in hopes that the bitter resistance would induce the Americans to offer terms. When Togo made approaches to the Soviet Union, these were interpreted as asking for peace, which the newspapers instantly repudiated—they would not seek peace but win the war—a view enforced by the kempeitai, who arrested for any hint of "defeatism." The army's manual on defending the homeland called for the slaughter of any Japanese who impeded the defense.
Japanese propaganda of "fighting to the bitter end" and "the hundred-year war", indeed, led many Americans, beyond questions of hatred and racism, to conclude that a war of extermination might be the only possibility of victory, the question being whether the Japanese would surrender before such extermination was complete.
Even after the atomic attacks and the Emperor's insistence that they surrender, Inaba Masao issued a statement urging the Army to fight to the bitter end; when other colonels informed him of a proclamation made to hint of the prospect of surrender to the population, they rushed to ensure Inaba's was broadcast, to create conflicting messages. This caused consternation in the government for fear of American reaction, and to prevent delay, the surrender was sent out as a news story, in English and Morse code to prevent military censors from halting it.
Intelligence.
Early training for intelligence agents tried to infuse the service with the traditional mystery of spying in Japan, citing the spirit of the ninja.
In China.
In occupied China, textbooks were revised to omit tales of Japanese atrocities and instead focus on heroic Japanese figures, including one officer who divorced his wife before going to China, so that he could focus on the war, and she would be free of the burden of filial piety toward his parents, since he would certainly die.
Against atrocity claims.
Tight government censorship prevented the Japanese population from hearing of atrocities in China.
When news of atrocities reached Western countries, Japan launched propaganda to combat it, both denying it and interviewing prisoners to counter it. They were, it was proclaimed, being well-treated by virtue of "bushido" generosity. The interviews were also described as being not propaganda but out of sympathy with the enemy, such sympathy as only "bushido" could inspire. The effect on Americans was tempered by subtle messages imbedded by the prisoners, including such comments as the declaration they were allowed to continue to wear the clothes they had been captured in.
As early as the Bataan Death March, the Japanese had "The Manila Times" claim that the prisoners were treated humanely and their death rate had to be attributed to the intransigence of the American commanders who did not surrender until their men were on the verge of death. After the torture and execution of several of the Doolittle Raiders, the "Nippon Times" proclaimed the humane treatment of American and British prisoners of war in order to declare that British forces were treating German prisoners inhumanely.
Anti-Western.
The United States and Great Britain were attacked years before the war, with any Western idea conflicting with Japanese practice being labeled "dangerous thoughts." They were attacked as materialistic and soulless, both in Japan and in short-wave broadcasts to Southeast Asia. Not only were such thoughts censored through strict control of publishing, the government used various popular organizations to foment hostility to them. Great Britain was attacked with particular fervor owing to its many colonies, and blamed for the continued stalemate in China. Chiang Kai-shek was denounced as a Western puppet, supplied through British and American exploitation of Southeast Asian colonies. Militarists, hating the arms control treaties that allowed Japan only 3 ships for British and American 5, used "5-5-3" as a nationalistic slogan. Furthermore, they wished to escape an international capitalist system dominated by British and American interests.
Newspapers, in the days leading up to Pearl Harbor, kept up an ominous repetition of intransigence on the part of the United States.
The news of the attack on Pearl Harbor resulted in newspapers staging a "Rally to Crush the United States and Great Britain." When the government found the war songs too abstract and elegiac, it staged a nationwide competition for a song to a march tune with the title "Down with Britain and America."
After such atrocities as the Bataan Death March, cruel treatment of prisoners of war was justified on the grounds they had sacrificed other people's lives but surrendered to save their own, and had acted with utmost selfishness throughout their campaign.
The pamphlet "The Psychology of the American Individual", addressed to soldiers, informed them that Americans had no thought of the glory of their ancestors, their posterity, or their family name, they were daredevils in search of publicity, they feared death and did not care what happened after it, they were liars and easily taken in by flattery and propaganda, and being materialistic, they relied on material superiority rather than spiritual incentive in battle.
Praise of the enemy was treated as treason, and no newspaper could print anything mentioning the enemy favorably, no matter how much the Japanese forces found enemy combat spirit and effectiveness praiseworthy.
Intellectuals promulgated anti-Western views with particular fervor. A conference on "overcoming modernity" proclaimed the "world historical meaning" of the war was resistance to the Western cultural ideas imposed on Japan. The Meiji Restoration had plunged the nation into Western materialism (an argument that ignored commercialism and ribald culture in the Tokugawa era), which had caused people to forget they were a classless society under a benevolent emperor, but the war would shake off these notions. The government likewise urged the abandonment of Western ways—such as baseball and jazz—for a pure spirit of sacrifice.
Officially, this was not to be presented as a racial war, because of the alliance with Italy and Germany, and to some policymakers, because such a claim was incompatible with Japan's high moral purpose, but as the alliance was both secure and solely of expedience, much antiwhite rhetoric was promulgated. A propagandistic account of Germans in Java depicted them as grateful to be now under Japanese protection. In the United States, Elmer Davis of the Office of War Information argued that this propaganda could be combated by deeds that counteracted this, but was unable to get support.
Weakness.
The Allies were also attacked as weak and effete, unable to sustain a long war, a view at first supported by a string of victories. The lack of a warrior tradition such as "bushido" reinforced this belief. The armed forces were told that American forces would not come to fight them, that Americans could not fight in the jungle and indeed could not stand warfare. Accounts of prisoners of war depicted the Americans as cowardly and willing to do anything to gain favor. Subordinates were actively encouraged to treat prisoners contemptuously, to foster feelings of superiority toward them.
Both Americans and British were presented as figures of fun, resulting in serious weakness when complacency induced by propaganda met the actual enemy strength.
Shortly prior to the Doolittle Raid, Radio Tokyo jeered at a foreign report of bombing on the grounds it was impossible. The Doolittle Raid itself was minimized, reporting little damage, and concluding, correctly, that it had been carried out for American morale.
Many Japanese pilots believed that their strength and American softness would result in their victory. The ferocity and self-sacrificing attacks of American pilots at the Battle of Midway undermined the propaganda, as did the fighting at the Battle of Bataan and other Pacific battlefields.
The surrender terms offered by the United States were scorned by the newspapers as ludicrous, urging that the government remain silent about them, which indeed, the government did, a traditional Japanese technique for dealing with the unacceptable.
Against American morale.
Most propaganda attacks against the American troops were aimed at morale. Tokyo Rose gave sentimental broadcasts, designed to arouse homesickness. She would also taunt the troops as suckers, with the prospect of their wives and sweethearts taking up with new men while they fought. There were also broadcasts of prisoners of war speaking on the radio, to assure that they were being treated well; these were sandwiched between news reports of varying lengths, so that the entire broadcast had to be heard to be sure of hearing the prisoner. 
These programs were not well designed, as they assumed that the Americans did not want to fight, underestimating the psychological effect of Pearl Harbor, and that hostility to Roosevelt's domestic policies translated into hostility to his foreign policy. Indeed, they believed that the Pearl Harbor attack would be regarded as a defensive act, forced on them by "Roosevelt and his clique". American forces were less wed to the notion of "decisive battle" than Japanese were, and so the opening string of victories had less impact on them than expected.
Furthermore, the prisoners who spoke often included subtle messages that undermined the anti-atrocity propaganda, stating they had been "allowed" the clothing they had worn when captured to make it clear that they had been given no new clothes.
A pamphlet dropped on the forces on Okinawa declared that President Roosevelt's death had been caused by the extensive damage the Japanese had inflicted on American ships, which would continue until the ships were all sunk, and the American forces thus orphaned. One soldier, reading it while the ships were bombarding the shore, asked where they thought the gunfire was coming from.
Anti-communist.
Communism was enumerated among the Western dangerous ideas. However, during the invasion of China, Japanese propaganda to the United States played on American anti-communism to win support. It was also offered to the Japanese people as a way of forging a bulwark against communism.
Allied atrocities.
"Shinmin no Michi", the Path of the Subject, discussed American historical atrocities and presented Western history as brutal wars, exploitation, and destructive values. Its colonialism was based on its destructive individualism, materialism, utilitarianism, and liberalism, all which allowed the strong to prey on the weak.
While minimizing the effect of the Doolittle Raid, propaganda also depicted the raiders as inhuman demons attacking civilians. Shortly after those of the raiders who had been captured had been tortured, and some executed, the "Nippon Times" denounced British treatment of German prisoners of war, claiming that American and British prisoners held by Japan were being treated in accordance with international law.
Allied war purposes were presented as annihilation. Japanese civilians were told that the Americans would commit rape, torture, and murder and they therefore were to kill themselves rather than surrender; on Saipan and Okiwana, large majorities of the civilian population did commit suicide or kill each other before the American victory. Those captured on Saipan were often terrified of their captors, particularly of the black soldiers, although this was not solely due to propaganda, but because many had never seen blacks before. The demand for unconditional surrender was heavily exploited. Interrogated prisoners reported that this propaganda was widely believed and therefore people would resist to the death.
Accounts of American soldiers murdering German prisoners of war were also told, regardless of accuracy.
Much play was made of American soldiers desecrating the bodies of the dead, omitting that such acts were condemned by both military authorities and from America pulpits. That President Roosevelt was presented with a gift from a Japanese soldier's forearm was reported, but not that he refused it and argued for a decent burial.
In American propaganda, much was made of Japanese calls to devotion to death. Some soldiers attacked civilians, on the grounds they would not surrender, and which in turn served as grist for Japanese propaganda about American atrocities.
Even before the American pamphlets warning of the great power of atomic explosions, newspapers commenting on the atomic attacks reported that the bombs could not be taken lightly; "The Nippon Times" reported that it was clearly intended to kill many innocent people, to end the war quickly, and others proclaimed it a moral outrage.
To the occupied countries.
Extensive use of posters was made in China, to endeavour to convince the Chinese that the Europeans were enemies, especially the Americans and British. Much was made of the opium trade.
Similarly, the Philippines were propagandized about "American exploitation," "American Imperialism," and "American tyranny," and blame was laid on the United States for starting the war. They were assured that they were not Japan's enemies, and that the American forces would not return. The effect of this was considerably undermined by the actions of the Japanese Army, and the Filipinos soon wanted the Americans to return to free them from the Japanese. Black propaganda posed as American instructions to avoid venereal disease by having sexual intercourse with wives or other respectable Filipina women rather than prostitutes.
After the fall of Singapore, American and British were sent as prisoners to Korea to eradicate Korean admiration for them. Ragged prisoners of war, brought to Korea as forced labor, were also marched through the streets, to show how the European forces had fallen.
In the occupied countries short-wave radios attacked Europeans, particularly "White Australia", which, broadcasts claimed, could support 100 million instead of the current 7 million, if the industrious Asians were allowed to make it bloom.
Broadcasts and leaflets urged India to revolt against British rule now that Great Britain was distracted. Other leaflets and posters, aimed at Allied forces of different nationalities, attempted to drive a wedge between them by attacking other Allied countries.
Antisemitic.
This Western hegemony was presented, sometimes, as being masterminded by Jews. Especially in the early years of the war, a spate of anti-Jewish propaganda was produced, which appears to be the effect of the Nazi alliance.
Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere.
During the war, "Asia for the Asians" was a widespread slogan, though undermined by brutal Japanese treatment in occupied countries. This was in service of the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere, where the new Japanese empire was presented as an Asian equivalent of the Monroe Doctrine. The regions of Asia, it was argued, were as essential to Japan as Latin America was to the United States.
This was initially, while plausible, very popular among the occupied nations. Japanese victories were initially cheered in support of this aim. Many Japanese remained convinced, throughout the war, that the Sphere was idealistic, offering slogans in a newspaper competition, praising the sphere for constructive efforts and peace.
During the war with China, the prime minister announced on radio they were seeking only a new order to ensure the stability of East Asia, unfortunately prevented because Chiang Kai-shek was a Western puppet. The failure to win the Second Sino-Japanese War was blamed on British and American exploitation of Southeast Asian colonies to supply the Chinese, even though the Chinese received far more assistance from the Soviet Union.
Later, pamphlets were dropped by airplane on the Philippines, Malaya, and Indonesia, urging them to join this movement. Mutual cultural societies were founded in all conquered nations to ingratiate with the natives and try to supplant English with Japanese as the commonly used language. Multi-lingual pamphlets depicted many Asians marching or working together in happy unity, with the flags of all the nations and a map depicting the intended sphere. Others proclaimed that they had given independent governments to the countries they occupied, a claim undermined by the lack of power given these puppet governments. In Thailand, a street was built to demonstrate it, to be filled with modern buildings and shops, but nine-tenths of it consisted of false fronts.
The Greater East Asia Conference was highly publicized. Tojo greeted them with a speech praising the "spiritual essence" of Asia, as opposed to the "materialistic civilization" of the West. At it Ba Maw declared that his Asian blood had always called out to other Asians, and that it was not time to think with minds, but with blood, and many other Asian leaders supported Japan in terms of an East vs. West conflict of bloods. Japanese oppression and racial pretensions slowly undermined this dream.
The booklet "Read This and the War is Won" was intended for the Japanese army. It presented colonialism as a tiny group of colonists living in luxury by burdening Asians; because ties of blood connect them to Japanese, and Asians had been weakened by colonialism, it was Japan's place to "make men of them again."
China.
In China, leaflets were dropped arguing that the "mandate of heaven" had clearly been lost, so that authority moved to the new leaders. Propaganda also spoke of the benefits of the "kingly way" (王道 "wang tao" or, in Japanese "odo") as a solution to both nationalism and radicalism.
Philippines.
The Philippines were their first target after Pearl Harbor, and instructions to propaganists called for rousing "the spirit of the Far East" and inspiring them with militarism to fight beside the Japanese. "Surrender cards" were dropped to allow soldiers to surrender safely by handing over a card. Jorge B. Vargas, the Chairman of the Executive Committee, Provisional Philippine Council of State, signed one leaflet that was dropped urging surrender.
Korea.
Korea had long been colonized about thirty years. The Governor-General of Japan announced his pleasure in their economic progress and assured them that this happened in only thirty years because of the way their governor-generals had devoted themselves to this colonized peninsula' benefit. 
The Japanese attempted to co-opt the Koreans, urging them to view themselves as part of one "imperial race" with Japan, and even presenting themselves as rescuing a nation too long under the shadow of China.
However, native Koreans lost their estate, society and position, which encouraged resistance.
India.
The Battle of Imphal was fought, in part, to show the Indian National Army to the Indians, in hopes of provoking a revolt against the Raj.
Self-defense.
Propaganda declared that the war had been forced on them in self-defense. As early as the Manchurian Incident, the mass media uncriticially spread the report that the Chinese had caused the explosion, attacking Japan's rights and interests, and therefore the Japanese must defend their rights, even at great sacrifice. This argument was made even to the League of Nations: they were only trying to prevent anti-Japanese activities by the Guomindang.
Prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor, newspapers reported that unless negotiations improved, Japan would be forced to engage in self-defense measures. Indeed, after the attack, propaganda to American forces operated on the assumption that Americans would regard Pearl Harbor as a defensive act, forced on them by "Roosevelt and his clique".
Victories.
For propaganda purposes, defeats were presented at home as great victories. Much was made of Japan's 2600 years history without defeats. The wars of 1895 and 1904 were presented by historians as overwhelming triumphs instead of narrowly won. For a long time, the armed forces held to the belief that a string of victories would demoralize the Americans sufficiently for a negotiated peace. 
This began with the claims about the war in China. It continued with newspaper exultation over the attack on Pearl Harbor. and continued with the string of early Japanese successes. This produced an exuberance in the people that did not brace them for a long war, but suggestions that it be tempered were not accepted. Even in the early stages, exaggerated claims were made, such as that Hawaii was in danger of starvation even though the Japanese submarines were not raiding commerce, as would have been needed to bring this about. The capture of Singapore was triumphantly declared as deciding the general situation of the war. The Doolittle Raid produced considerable shock and efforts to counter the impact were made. The army, after some victories, clearly began to believe its own propaganda. Very few statements even hinted that more was needed prior to victory.
The prolonged resistance at Bataan was in part enabled by orders that required a spectacular victory for propaganda points, resulting in Japanese forces taking Manila while American forces entrenched. Dogged American resistance at Corregidor resulted in occasional declarations that its defeat was near, followed by weeks of silence. The Battle of Coral Sea was presented as a victory rather than inconclusive, exaggerating American losses and understating Japanese ones. Indeed, it was presented as a sweeping triumph, rather than the marginal tactical victory that could reasonably be claimed. Declarations were made that the battle had rendered the Americans panic-stricken, when in fact, they had also proclaimed it a victory.
The attack on Midway was rendered crucial by the Doolittle Raid, which had sneaked through the defensive perimeter at that point and, while not causing serious damage, had caused humiliation and propaganda difficulties. The clear defeat at the Battle of Midway continued this pattern. Newspapers were informed only of American damage, with the Japanese losses entirely omitted. The survivors of the lost ships were sworn to silence and packed off to distant fronts to prevent the truth becoming known. Even Tojo was not informed of the truth until a month after the battle.
The word "retreat" was never used, even to the troops. In 1943, the army invented a new verb "tenshin", to march elsewhere, to avoid referring to their forces as retreating. Japanese who used the term "strategic retreat" were warned against doing so. One reason for the execution of captured American aircrew was to hide their presence, evidence that the Japanese forces were falling back.
By the time of the Guadalcanal Campaign newspapers were no longer covering their first pages with victories but adding stories about the battles in Europe and the Prosperity Sphere, but some battles had to be presented as victories. Reporters wrote articles as if they were winning. Japanese authorities published accounts boasting of the casualties inflicted before withdrawal. The Battle of the Eastern Solomons was reported not only exaggerating American damage, but claiming that the carrier "Hornet" had been sunk, thus taking revenge for its part in the Doolittle Raid, when in fact "Hornet" had not been in the battle. The Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands, while a Japanese tactical victory, gained time for the Americans on Guadalcanal and inflicted heavy losses on Japanese aircraft; it was considered so momentous that it was praised in an imperial rescript.
However, by 1943, the Japanese population was aware of the stark difference between the crude propaganda and the facts. The death of Isoroku Yamamoto inflicted a severe blow. It was followed by defeat at the Battle of Attu, which propaganda could not make inspirational.
Accounts of the battle at Saipan concentrated on the fighting spirit and the heavy American casualties, but familiarity with geography would demonstrate that the battles slowly progressed northwards as the American forces advanced, and the reports ceased with the final battle, which was not reported. Reports of "annihilation" did not prevent American forces from continuing to fight. Furthermore, newspapers were allowed to speculate about the future of the war as long as they did not predict defeat or otherwise evince disloyalty; the truth could be discerned from their presuppositions.
After Saipan had led to the resignation of Tojo as prime minister, an accurate account of the fall of Saipan was published by the army and navy, including the nearly total loss of all Japanese soldiers and civilians on the island, and the use of "human bullets", leading many to conclude that the war was lost. This was the first uncensored war news they had issued since 1938, during the war with China. The simultaneous and disastrous Battle of Philippine Sea was still obfuscated in the old manner. A battle off Formosa was declared a victory, and a holiday declared, when in fact Americans had inflicted heavy damage and drawn off planes needed to defend the Philippines. Inexperienced pilots reported crippling attacks on the ships of United States Third Fleet shortly prior to the Battle of Leyte, which were accepted at face value when the pilots had in fact not sunk a single ship. The first suicide attacks were likewise presented as successful in causing damage, in contradiction of the facts.
A shot-down B-29 was displayed along with the boast that it was one of hundreds.
Peace.
When the offer to surrender had been made, Kōichi Kido showed the Emperor that the American pamphlets telling of the offer and stated that uninformed soldiers might start an uprising if this fell into their hands. The Cabinet agreed that the proclamation had to come from the emperor himself, although in concession to his position it was decided to make it a recording rather than a live broadcast. The Kyūjō Incident, attempting to prevent the broadcast, failed.

</doc>
<doc id="5934522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934522" title="KSB Hospital">
KSB Hospital

Katherine Shaw Bethea Hospital is a hospital in Dixon, Illinois. KSB Hospital is an 80-bed acute care facility providing comprehensive ancillary services, including emergency medicine, obstetrics, inpatient psychiatry, a cardiovascular laboratory, outpatient surgery, inpatient surgery, and intensive care, among others. 
History.
In May 1895 Judge Solomon Hicks Bethea purchased land for $3,500 and gave it to the City of Dixon for the establishment of a hospital in the memory of his wife, Katherine Shaw Bethea, who in her short lifetime had been deeply interested in the establishment of a hospital for Dixon, and during her last illness frequently expressed the wish that such work might be accomplished in the near future.
On May 27, 1895, Mayor Charles H. Hughes informed the City Council of this gift. An ordinance was passed to establish and maintain a hospital for the use and benefit of the citizens of Dixon. This ordinance, dated November 1, 1895, also stated that the Mayor, with the approval of the City Council, appoint a board of nine women directors chosen from the citizens at large, which would be authorized to accept the donations of money and real or personal property in the name of the hospital.
The hospital began its activities January 5, 1897 with 17 beds. The funds for the first building, which cost $7,250, were raised by individuals, churches, and city organizations.
In 1909 Judge Bethea died, leaving his Palmyra farmlands to the hospital as an endowment.
Shortly after the hospital was opened, the KSB Hospital School for Nurses began educating young women who studied for a three-year term to become registered nurses.
In 1913 a third story and an addition was added creating a 40 bed capacity. This was financed by Miss Elizabeth Shaw, sister of Katherine Shaw Bethea, and one of the first hospital board members.
In 1925, the Nurses Home, providing housing for 25 nurses, was built at a cost of $38,000.
Another addition was built in 1926 at a cost of $47,000, enlarging the hospital to a 60 bed capacity and adding two solaria for the comfort and enjoyment of patients.
The generosity of Dr. Samuel Houston of Polo and the perseverance of the board members, under the able leadership of Mrs. W. H. Coppins, made possible the 1941 addition which cost $130,000. This provided 13 new private rooms, 4 semi‑private rooms, two additional five-bed wards, a nursery, an operating room, an x‑ray room, and kitchen and dining rooms. This addition brought KSB Hospital to an 89-bed capacity.
In November 1957, the board authorized a $1,250,000 hospital expansion program and launched a drive for $750,000 in public subscriptions to finance the major portion of the project. A half‑million dollars in capital funds was already in hand from Miss Bess P. Eells, Miss Helen Brinton, the Ford Foundation and other gifts and bequests which had been accumulated over a period of years.
This project was completed in 1960 and provided 44 desperately needed beds plus space for central supply, laboratory, x‑ray, operating rooms, recovery rooms, kitchen, dining room, and laundry.
In 1967, it once again became necessary to expand the facilities. The 1970 addition increased hospital capacity by 80 beds and remodeled the 1941 building. This project was financed by $365,000 of hospital reserve funds in conjunction with a $2.2 million in bonds issued through B.C. Ziegler and Company.
The 1970s also saw the establishment of many modern service lines. A twenty-four hour emergency room began operations in July 1971. The first male member of the Board of Directors was sworn in in March 1972, and the board completed the sale of the 698-acre Bethea farm in Palmyra in October 1972. A seven-bed intensive care unit opened in February 1972, and a $2 million clinic was opened and occupied by early physicians with the Medical Arts Clinic in July 1977. March 1978 saw the opening of the 17-bed inpatient psychiatric unit.
In 1988, KSB Hospital purchased Commerce Towers and soon after constructed a walkway over Crawford Street to connect the building to the hospital. Physician offices and Materials Management were the first to occupy the new space.
In January 1989 a new emergency room was opened at the far west end of the hospital, and included a two-stall ambulance garage. The ER had four treatment bays, two trauma bays and a new x-ray room.
The spring of 1990 brought a newly remodeled cafeteria and vending machine area. In 1991, the psychiatry unit was downsized from 26 beds to 16 beds and moved from 3rd floor west to 2nd floor east. The new psychiatry unit featured improved safety and security features for patients and employees, and included a new eating area, therapy facilities, video monitoring, outside patio, patient lounge, and an isolation room.
By 1991, the Medical Arts Clinic, founded by Dr. E. S. Murphy and Dr. J. G. McFetridge had grown into a multi-speciality group of more than twenty physicians and had outgrown the 1977 addition. MAC moved to a large office building downtown that had been built for the USF&G Insurance Company. The space vacated by MAC was renamed The Annex and became home to several hospital departments, including Medical Records, Patient Accounts, Accounting, Education, Human Resources, Data Processing, Medical Staff, Administration, and included a physician lounge, library, a renal dialysis unit, and space for the Red Cross and Lee County Volunteer Care Clinic.
In 1992 the Holly and Avis Campbell Surgical Wing was opened. After nearly two years of construction, this 7,500-square-foot addition offered three new large operating suites and one single use cystoscopy suite for urological procedures. The Campbell estate of $6 million has remained as the single largest bequest in KSB Hospital history. The surgical wing addition also provided for a dedicated heliport. Prior to the opening of the heliport, traffic was halted and cars were moved for each flight to allow helicopters to land at street level near the front entrance.
In 1995 the Obstetrics and Nursery units were remodeled and downsized from 11 traditional beds to 7 private birthing suites. The new suites offer a private bath, sleep-in area for family, and a large space for visitors.
In April 1995 Respiratory Therapy, located on 2nd floor just outside of the birthing center, moved into newly renovated space on 3rd floor center. This new space included larger staff areas and offices plus new areas for EEG’s and pulmonary tests. A Sleep Lab was added to the Respiratory Therapy area in 1998.
In 1996 KSB Hospital opened its first outpatient facility in Oregon, in a new 13,000 square foot building on a 2.5 acre lot at the corner of Route 64 and West Washington Street. Antreas Mesrobian M.D., who had practiced in the Warmolts Clinic since 1978, was joined in the Oregon Clinic by Mark Myers M.D., an Oregon native, in 1997, and by Greg Reckamp M.D. in 1998.
In October 1996 the north half of 3rd floor of Commerce Towers was renovated for a new venture, the Sports and Occupational Medicine Center. This 13,000-square-foot space was staffed by Drs. Gregg Grubb, Philip Zinni, Jon Ortman and Susan Gould and soon had more than 100 local corporations under contract. This department also provided athletic trainers, physical therapists and physicians free to many local school athletic programs.
In 1997, KSB Hospital purchased the substance abuse service line from Rockford Memorial Hospital and renamed it the KSB Recovery Center. This service was expanded in 1998 another recovery center was opened on North Galena in Dixon. Also in 1997, the KSB Adult Day Care Center was opened in the lower level of Edwards Clinic.
A network of clinics was developed with the construction of the Polo Clinic in 1999, the Amboy Clinic in 2002, the opening of the Ashton Clinic in 2001, and the purchase of Edwards Clinic in 2000.
In 2002, the laboratory was renovated and a new CT and MRI machines were purchased by the Medical Imaging department.
In 2003, KSB Hospital was recognized by Arbor Associates for Highest Overall Patient Satisfaction, scoring 96.8% satisfaction, the highest score among all hospitals Arbor surveyed.
In 2004, KSB Hospital purchased Town Square Centre and its primary tenant the Medical Arts Clinic in a $3.8 million deal that added eleven MAC physicians to the KSB Medical Group and significantly expanded hospital property holdings. In July 2004, the first two residents from the University of Illinois College of Medicine at Rockford began work at KSB Hospital as a part of the newly formed Dixon Rural Training Track. Also in 2004, the KSB Foot and Ankle Center opened in Commerce Towers, staffed by Dr. Michael Wessels and Dr. David Yeager.
A new parking lot was added in 2005, on the site formerly occupied by a house for students and interns.
In June 2006, the KSB Cardiovascular Services Lab opened, offering a facility for minimally invasive vascular and cardiac cath services.
In 2007, a major excavation and construction project brought a two-level parking deck to the front of KSB Hospital.
A new MRI was purchased in 2008 that offered more space for patients and better quality images for physicians. Because of its size and weight, a hole was cut into the wall of the MRI room and a crane hoisted the machine into place. At the same time, a new elevator was added to the west end of the hospital, serving the basement through 4th floor.
Also in 2008, KSB Hospital began installation of a computerized nurse documentation system, the first in a series of software products necessary for electronic health records.
In 2010, the sleep lab was renovated and expanded in Commerce Towers, and, in October, half of a new emergency department was completed and opened. Crawford Street south of 1st Street was vacated by the City of Dixon and closed to traffic to allow KSB Hospital to level off and build a new parking lot for the emergency department.
The $16 million expansion of outpatient surgery and the emergency department was completed in the fall of 2011. The expansion included two new surgical suites, recovery rooms, registration and reception areas, new emergency department rooms and trauma bays, and a new three-stall ambulance garage.
In 2011, KSB Hospital received the Outstanding Patient Experience Award from HealthGrades, in which KSB scored in the top 5% of more than 3,700 U.S. hospitals surveyed. In August, KSB Hospital conducted an employee and found 86.2% satisfaction on a survey in which 94% of employees participated—both percentages were benchmarks among all hospitals in the survey pool. KSB Medical Group was also awarded by Arbor Associates for exceeding patient expectations in the medical office setting.
Today.
KSB Hospital provides healthcare services in nine locations in the Sauk Valley area. 
KSB Hospital, Commerce Towers, Town Square Centre, Edwards Clinic, KSB Eye & Vision Center, KSB Center for Health Services - Amboy Clinic, KSB - Ashton Clinic, KSB Center for Health Services - Oregon Clinic, KSB Center for Health Services - Polo Clinic,
Mission statement.
The mission of Katherine Shaw Bethea Hospital is "to restore, maintain, and enhance health by providing superior care now and in the future."

</doc>
<doc id="5934528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934528" title="Doug Overton">
Doug Overton

Douglas M. "Doug" Overton (born August 3, 1969) is an American retired professional basketball player and current head coach of the Springfield Armor of the NBA Development League.
Pre-NBA.
Prior to his NBA career, Overton spent a season with the Illawarra Hawks of the Australian NBL.
NBA career.
Overton was selected by the Detroit Pistons in the 2nd round (40th overall) of the 1991 NBA Draft. A 6'3" (1.90 m) point guard from La Salle University, Overton played in 11 NBA seasons for 8 different teams. He played for the Washington Bullets, Denver Nuggets, Philadelphia 76ers, Orlando Magic, New Jersey Nets, Boston Celtics, Charlotte Hornets and Los Angeles Clippers. 
In his NBA career, Overton played in 499 games and scored a total of 2,253 points.
Post NBA.
In May 2006, Overton was named assistant men's basketball coach at Saint Joseph's University. He became an assistant coach for the NBA's New Jersey Nets (now Brooklyn Nets) in 2008. He was also named Nets Player Development Coach prior to the 2010–11 season. In August 2013, he was named head coach of the D-League's Springfield Armor.

</doc>
<doc id="5934529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934529" title="Okopy">
Okopy

Okopy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934531" title="Yarrawonga Airport">
Yarrawonga Airport

Yarrawonga Airport is located south-east of the town of Yarrawonga, Victoria on the border with New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5934533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934533" title="Héctor Barberá">
Héctor Barberá

Héctor Barberá Vall (born November 2, 1986 in Dos Aguas, Valencia Province) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle road racer competing in the MotoGP class aboard an Avintia Blusens FTR.
Hector began his World Championship career at the age of 15 in the 125cc world championship, under the guidance of Jorge Martínez "Aspar", who teamed Barberá and fellow youngster Ángel Rodríguez up with the experienced Pablo Nieto.
In his first season Barberá established himself as the most promising rider of the three and in he broke through, with his first victory at Donington Park making him one of the youngest riders ever to win a Grand Prix. A strong finish to the season saw him take third place in the championship and he signed up for a title challenge with Seedorf Racing in . Several inopportune crashes and mechanical failures derailed his hopes but victory in the final race secured the runner-up spot and a factory ride with Fortuna Honda in the 250cc class for . After two years with the team he moved to Team Toth in .
Barberá survived a huge crash during the Italian round of the championship on June 1, . Running second behind Marco Simoncelli on the penultimate lap who tried to defend his lead by changing his line on the straight, Barberá slipstreamed onto Simoncelli's back wheel and clipped it with his front brake lever. His bike somersaulted through the air, with Barberá escaping somewhat uninjured. However, a further crash in practice at Motegi left him with two spinal fractures, ending his season.
In the 250cc world championship, Barberá won three races along with five other podium results to finish second to Honda's Hiroshi Aoyama. Barberá won the 2009 Valencia Grand Prix, the final two-stroke, 250cc race in Grand Prix history, as the class was to be discontinued in favor of the four-stroke Moto2 class in . On 20 August 2009 it was announced Barberá would move to MotoGP in , riding for the Aspar Racing Team aboard Ducati customer bikes. Barberá finished the 2010 MotoGP season in twelfth place, and followed on in eleventh place in 2011. On 7 November 2011, it was announced that he was moving to Pramac Racing for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5934542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934542" title="Ralph Becker (mayor)">
Ralph Becker (mayor)

Ralph Elihu Becker Jr. (born May 30, 1952) is an American politician and attorney who is the former Minority Leader of the Utah State House of Representatives and the 34th and current mayor of Salt Lake City, Utah.
2007 Primary Election.
Top 2 candidates advance to General Election (Regardless of Party Affiliation)
Early life and career.
Becker was born in Washington, D.C. to Ralph Elihu Becker and Ann Watters Becker. He received his B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1973, his J.D. from the University of Utah College of Law in 1977, and his M.S. in Geography/Planning from the University of Utah in 1982. Becker is an attorney and planner (Fellow of the American Institute of Certified Planners), who has co-founded Bear West in 1985, a planning, natural resources consulting firm. He also is an Adjunct Professor at the College of Architecture and Planning, University of Utah.
Becker has had a career that has spanned serving in the National Park Service as a garbage man, firefighter, and ranger (law enforcement and EMT) (1971–76), Utah State Planning Coordinator under Governor Scott Matheson (1981–1985), and Salt Lake City Planning Commissioner (1988–1996). He is one of three people in Utah to be a Fellow of the American Institute of Certified Planners. His Utah legislative accomplishments include six years in Utah legislative leadership (four years as House Democratic Leader), leading the passage of the Quality Growth Act (1999), funding for trails, open space, and transit, Utah's first Energy Policy Act, and advocating social justice issues.
In November 2006, Becker announced his candidacy for the 2007 race for Salt Lake City Mayor and won on November 6, 2007.
On January 7, 2008, Becker took the oath of office and began his four-year term as mayor. In 2011, Becker was reelected in a landslide, winning 75% of the vote.
Political accomplishments and controversies.
In July 2009, Becker received major criticism for his decision to place a Public Safety Building in the same city block as Salt Lake City's Main Public Library known as Library Square. Eventually, Becker would opt to place the Public Safety Building on the block immediately east of the proposed location - a more popular option.
In November 2009, Becker signed into law non-discrimination ordinances that forbid landlords and employers to deny housing or jobs due to sexual orientation or gender identity.
In December 2013, Becker officiated over some of the first same-sex marriages performed in the state of Utah.
If February 2014, Becker signed the Freedom to Marry Petition, a non-partisan declaration that "all people should be able to share in the love and commitment of marriage".
Becker is the 1st Vice-President of the National League of Cities.
Family.
His father, Ralph Elihu Becker, was U.S. Ambassador to Honduras during the Ford administration.

</doc>
<doc id="5934544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934544" title="Shared care">
Shared care

Shared care involves the establishment of partnerships between professionals and laymen where they share a common goal. For example: the improvement in the health of a patient where there is patient empowerment to take a major degree of responsibility for his or her care, or an arrangement where the life of a disadvantaged person is improved by the joint efforts of a social service and an outside lay provider. To be true "shared" care, the partnership is a genuinely equal one with neither partner being subservient nor superior. Shared care is a term largely used in health care and social care in Great Britain.
In social care of children.
Shared care is used in a social context to describe the activities of organisations that provide short breaks for disadvantaged children or those that help enlist families for short term fostering. In each case there is significant input from the non-professional supervised by the professional. The practice is widespread with examples throughout the country of this usage, with clients from all age groups and types of disabilities or social problems.
The Child Support Agency uses the term for a very specific purpose: "it refers to each of the separated parents having the children with them part of the time, so that direct expenditure is shared too."
In general health care.
In a more mainstream health orientated context the term can be used for the schemes involving patient empowerment, targeted at medical problems as substance abuse and diabetes, and in complementary medicine for such therapies as hypnosis or Alexander Technique where the therapist is an enabler rather than a paternalistic prescriber. Indeed Alexander Technique practitioners call themselves "teachers". 
See also Coproduction (public services)

</doc>
<doc id="5934547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934547" title="NASCAR Race Day">
NASCAR Race Day

NASCAR Race Day is a tabletop game with aspects of both miniatures and collectible card genres. The creators of the game, WizKids, dubbed it a "Constructible Racing Game".
Description.
The goal of "NASCAR Race Day" is identical to that of an actual NASCAR race; "go fast, turn left, don't crash." Players construct cars by popping out small pieces of styrene and assembling them into the likeness of NASCAR racing machines. The game is packaged so that a person may play the game with only one game pack, but more packs add more vehicles and more tracks to the mix, making a larger set more desirable.
Cancellation.
WizKids announced in mid-2006 that they were discontinuing support for Race Day and cancelling an upcoming expansion. Primary factors listed for the decision were a lack of support from NASCAR itself, and weak support from rank-and-file NASCAR fans, who were not interested in the "blind draw" style of obtaining drivers; rather, they wished simply to purchase their favorite driver outright, and had no interest playing as anyone else.majority of this information comes from the official WizKids Race Day forum, which requires user registration.
As of February 2007, WizKids have closed the official Race Day forum and removed all references to the game from their website.
Pack Contents.
Each pack of the Race Day game includes two cars. These cars may be Common, Uncommon, or Rare. Generally speaking, packs include one Common and either an Uncommon or a Rare. Also included are a short track (with part of a super-speedway printed on the reverse), an accessory card, a set of rules, and a minuscule die.
Three box sets were also sold. These consisted of one promotional card, four regular cards (with no pre-determined mix of Common/Uncommon/Rare), accessory cards, a large, full-color map of a "famous" track, and a single large die.
Sets.
First Release.
NASCAR Race Day 2005 was released mid-2005. The set included:
Expansions.
NASCAR Race Day 2006 Series 1
Released early 2006. This expansion was not a 2006 Nextel Cup update as some had hoped for, but was rather an addition to the 2005 season.
NASCAR Race Day 2006 Series 2
This expansion was announced in early 2006, but was confirmed to be cancelled when WizKids stopped supporting the line. According to industry magazines and comments from the WizKids forums, the line would have updated for the 2006 Nextel Cup season, and would have tentatively had the following additions:

</doc>
<doc id="5934549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934549" title="Hampton Terrace Historic District">
Hampton Terrace Historic District

The Hampton Terrace Historic District, originally called the Lakewood Manor Subdivision, is a U.S. historic district located in Tampa, Florida. The district is roughly bounded by Hanna Avenue to the north, 15th Street to the east, Nebraska Avenue to the west, and Hillsborough Avenue to the south. Hampton Terrace Historic District was so designated by its inclusion in the National Register of Historic Places on January 27, 1999.
The Hampton Terrace district encompasses , and the neighborhood's boundaries are Hannah Ave, 15th St, Hillsborough Ave, and Nebraska, and also includes a small body of water called Lake Roberta, one of a few natural lakes found within the Tampa city limits. It contains 304 contributing structures, all of which are private residences. The structures are considered historically significant examples of residential styles like the bungalow, and architectural influences including American Craftsman Style.
Hampton Terrace is commonly considered part of the city's Old Seminole Heights neighborhood, and is one of several distinct neighborhoods within the greater Seminole Heights section of Tampa. Hampton Terrace Historic District should not be confused with the Seminole Heights Residential District, another U.S. historic district located in the Old Seminole Heights neighborhood.
Forming a New Neighborhood Organization.
In 2009 a petition was circulated by a group of concerned residents seeking to form a Hampton Terrace Neighborhood Association (HTNA). Although the petition circulated did not call for the separation of the Hampton Terrace district from the Old Seminole Heights Neighborhood Association (OSHNA), with which the region had been affiliated for many years, the City of Tampa's Neighborhood Relations Office chose to recognize Hampton Terrace as a separate and distinct neighborhood from Old Seminole Heights and the corresponding neighborhood association. Among the stated purposes of the original petition was to stop efforts to designate Hampton Terrace as a Local Historic District with oversight from the city of Tampa Architectural Review Commission. This citizens group subsequently registered articles of incorporation for HTNA with the State of Florida, establishing it as a standalone organization.
The HTNA organization received correspondence from the NRO that the petition had received the requisite signatures to succeed on February 3, 2010 in an official city memorandum. A subsequent memorandum from the city dated February 16 indicated the city's expectation that the HTNA organization would hold two neighborhood meetings; one for nominations and elections. The deadline for completion was stated in the letter as May 17, 2010.
HTCA and Continued Efforts to Organize a Hampton Terrace Neighborhood Organization for City Recognition.
The Tampa NRO confirmed that if the HTNA organization did not complete elections by May 18, HTNA would not be recognized by the City as representing Hampton Terrace, and the City would accept application from any group that wished to organize a neighborhood organization. While HTNA did hold one neighborhood meeting, a picnic where it presented their slate of officers, no neighborhood election was held by May 17, 2010. Subsequently, a group of neighborhood residents formed a steering committee called the Hampton Terrace Civic Association (HTCA), and submitted to the Tampa NRO a letter of intent describing their plans to form a neighborhood organization for City recognition to represent Hampton Terrace. The NRO deemed these plans acceptable, and offered consultative and logistical support of this effort as per its common practice (e.g., informational mailings to neighborhood property owners).
On May 25, the NRO requested a meeting between their office and the City's Chief of Staff, and the leaders of the HTNA organization and members of the HTCA steering committee . The meeting was precipitated, according to NRO communications, by a vitriolic HTNA email campaign challenging the City's positions on the matter of organizing a Hampton Terrace neighborhood organization. In this meeting the City's reaffirmed its position that the HTNA organization failed to meet expectations as per city guidelines ('How to Form A Neighborhood Association, version 2007' ). City records indicate these discussions continued for 3 or more meetings.
Hampton Terrace Community Meeting and Elections.
Hampton Terrace residents were invited to a community meeting on August 4, 2010 for discussions on forming a neighborhood organization and nominations for officers. Several proposals were put forward for consideration: the establishment of two neighborhood associations, a position strongly advocated for by the officers of the HTNA organization; the establishment of a single representative organization for Hampton Terrace, with candidates for officers to be chosen at the meeting; and a proposal from the floor for HTNA and HTCA to propose slates of officers to "duke it out" for leadership of a Hampton Terrace Organization. A clear majority of attendees voted for the option of one Hampton Terrace neighborhood organization, with a slate of officer nominees to be chosen at the meeting. As well, eligible voters in the election were defined as including both property owners, renters, and leasees. A final vote taken at the meeting approved the use of absentee ballots as part of the election process.
The City issued a memorandum on August 9 comprising the meeting notes, the slate of nominated candidates, and the results of other votes at the meeting. The NRO further stated that they would work exclusively with the nominated presidential candidates to organize the specifics of a neighborhood election, with the expectation that these be completed no later than September 30.
Current Progress.
A series of documented meetings have since occurred, most notably, according to memorandums, one with the office of the Supervisor of Elections and presidential candidates to assist to determine the method and time of the vote. Follow up notes indicate a contentious issue was the validation and accountability of any physical ballots that were distributed. Because of this disagreement, as well as obtaining funding for the election, there was no resolution by September 30.
In the meantime, members of the HTCA steering committee, after discovering the interim vice president of HTNA had filed articles of incorporation with the state of Florida to claim the HTCA (Civic Association) title and domain names, re-branded itself as the Hampton Terrace Community Association. In an attempt to meet the city's expectation of elections by the 9/30 deadline, the HTCA organization sponsored a neighborhood outreach event to meet residents, and made plans for an election to occur on September 27 and 28. While this was supported by the Supervisor of Elections office via email, who offered convenient times and methods to facilitate the city's intent, the elections were postponed, ostensibly due to the city's inability to mail postcard notices to all residents.
Officers of the HTNA organization protested to the NRO regarding the HTCA outreach efforts, claiming the group was operating outside of established guidelines, and insinuating various conspiracies with the Old Seminole Heights Neighborhood Association, several of whose current officers reside in Hampton Terrace. Given these protests, the election was tabled and further teleconferences and virtual meetings have occurred.
At this time, Hampton Terrace has not conducted elections, but have a loose agreement with Tampa's NRO to be conducted December 7 or December 9.

</doc>
<doc id="5934561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934561" title="Education in Zambia">
Education in Zambia

Lower education in Zambia is divided into three levels; primary, junior secondary and upper secondary. Higher education is very limited and centred on the six universities of Zambia: University of Zambia, Copperbelt University, Zambia Open University, Cavendish University, Zambia Adventist University and Northrise University.
Lower education.
Schooling usually falls into three levels:
So-called "basic schools" teach years one to nine, as year nine is considered to be a decent level of schooling for the majority of children. However, schooling is only free up to year seven and most children drop out then.
Private, Government and community schools exist in Zambia. Education is difficult for the government of Zambia to provide because of the very small tax base of the economy. On top of this tax on Zambian citizens is increasing. Without money to buy equipment schools must operate with limited resources. Due to these impoverished schools, students are not receiving the help that they need. Additionally,74% of Zambian children are not continuing their education in Middle or High Schools. 
The private school system began largely as a result of Christian mission efforts during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Private schools operate under either the British or American way of schooling.One of the most famous private schools is the Roman Catholic-run St Mary's Seminary in Eastern Province. The majority of the Zambia population are very poor and cannot afford the education for their children.
From my personal experience of Zambian private schools and talking to trainee teachers at Mufulira teacher training college, I found that teachers do not desire to teach in private schools. The majority of teachers at private schools seem to lack enthusiasm for the job. The trainee teachers told me this was due to the lack of benefits and pay they get from working in private schools. However, government schools are desired by teachers as they provide better pay and more benefits. For example, many teachers at government schools are part of the ZNUTS (Zambian National Union of Teachers). 
As mentioned previously, government schools are the most popular for teachers. Also they are over subscribed with pupils do to the education being free. However, each pupil can only their last year once. If they fail this year then the pupils family have to pay for them to retake the year. Therefore, many pupils do not even gain qualifications from attending school. 
Community schools are run by the community and the teachers work there voluntarily unless these schools are sponsored by charities.
Support from charities.
Cecily's Fund is one of the supporters of education in Zambia, funding the school courses of over 11,000 children (as of June 2010). The charity also fully funds Bwafano Community School in Lusaka. 
Camfed supports girls and young women in Zambia.
External links.
Universities.
Mulungushi University in 

</doc>
<doc id="5934570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934570" title="Midway Subdivision Historic District">
Midway Subdivision Historic District

The Midway Subdivision Historic District, also known as Midway Groves, is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on May 29, 1998) located in Manatee County, Florida a short distance north of the Manatee-Sarasota county line. It has the post office address of 7201 15th Street East in Sarasota. It contains 4 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5934572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934572" title="Langewiesen">
Langewiesen

Langewiesen is a town in the Ilm-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Ilm, 4 km southeast of Ilmenau.

</doc>
<doc id="5934600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934600" title="David Auradou">
David Auradou

David Auradou (born 13 November 1973 in Harfleur, Seine-Maritime) is a French rugby union footballer playing Paris club, Stade Français in the "élite" Top 14 competition. His usual position is at lock (missionary). His is the current captain of Stade Français Paris CASG.
Career.
Auradou was part of the Stade Français team that won the Coupe de France in 1999, when they beat CS Bourgoin-Jallieu 27–19 at Saint-Etienne. The following season his club also featured in the final of the French championship, in which they won, defeating the US Colomiers 28–23 at Stade de France. The club went onto feature in the final of the 2000-01 Heineken Cup, but were defeated by the Leicester Tigers.
The following year he made his international debut for France during the 2002 Six Nations Championship, in the 33–12 win over Italy in Paris. He played two more matches during France's Six Nations series, against England, and then against Ireland, as a replacement. France went onto win the tournament. He also played another international that year, against Canada, in Paris.
In 2003 he played in three of France's Six Nations, as a replacement against Scotland, Italy and Wales. He then went onto play for France in matches against Argentina, the All Blacks and England, and was then included in France's 2003 World Cup squad. During the World Cup, he was capped against Japan, the USA, and the All Blacks.
In 2004 he played four times for France, all during the Six Nations that year, as a replacement against Ireland, Italy, Scotland and England. France went onto win the Six Nations. At club level, Stade Français featured in the final of the French championship, in which they defeated USA Perpignan 38–20.
The following season, Stade Français again featured in the final, going for three French championships in a row. They were however defeated 37–34 by the Biarritz club. During the 2005-06 Top 14 season Auradou was on the way to leading Stade Français to four final appearances in a row, though they made an exit during the semi-finals, being defeated by Toulouse 9–12.

</doc>
<doc id="5934602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934602" title="Lassan, Germany">
Lassan, Germany

Lassan is a town in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on the Peenestrom river, a branch of the Oder, 15 km northeast of Anklam.

</doc>
<doc id="5934609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934609" title="Eccellenza">
Eccellenza

Eccellenza (Italian for "excellence") is the fifth level (since 2014-15) of Italian football. It is a regional league, composed of 28 divisions divided geographically. All 20 regions are represented by at least one division except for Piedmont and Aosta Valley which share 2 divisions. Veneto, Tuscany, Sicily, Lazio, Emilia-Romagna and Campania also have 2 divisions each, while the region of Lombardy has 3 divisions.
Promotion and relegation.
After the regular season is completed, the first-placed team for each division is automatically promoted to Serie D.
Each division also admits one other team to participate in national playoffs that take place in late May and early June. Some divisions select the second-placed team directly, while other divisions schedule a series of divisional playoff games among the top teams in that division in order to determine the national playoff participant. Once the 28 national playoff participants are finalized, they are paired in a double-leg series, and the 14 winners participate in a second round double-leg series. The 7 winners of the second round are promoted to Serie D as well. One more place to Serie D is allowed to the winner of the "Coppa Italia Dilettanti" (Amateur Italian Cup), a year-long competition between all the national teams of both Eccellenza and Promozione (the lower division). In all, 36 teams are promoted to replace the 36 teams relegated down from Serie D.
The relegation rules are decided regionally, but there are usually three teams relegated from each division.

</doc>
<doc id="5934618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934618" title="World Population Day">
World Population Day

World Population Day is an annual event, observed on July 11 every year, which seeks to raise awareness of global population issues. The event was established by the Governing Council of the United Nations Development Programme in 1989. It was inspired by the public interest in Five Billion Day on July 11, 1987 approximately the date on which the world's population reached five billion people.
World Population Day 2012 Theme - “Universal Access to Reproductive Health Services”.
The world population (as of January 1, 2014; 9:24 UTC) is estimated to be 7,137,661,030.

</doc>
<doc id="5934636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934636" title="Ministry of Electricity (Iraq)">
Ministry of Electricity (Iraq)

The Ministry of Electricity of Iraq is the federal government ministry concerned with electricity.
It is responsible for both the policymaking and the electricity supply throughout the country. The operational functions (power generation, transmission, load dispatch and distribution) are no longer autonomous corporatized entities, but were reorganized into 18 geographically based directorates within MoE.

</doc>
<doc id="5934648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934648" title="The Gospel According to Larry">
The Gospel According to Larry

The Gospel According to Larry is a "coming of age" political, romantic teen novel by Janet Tashjian that explores anti-consumerism. The introduction of the book is written from a point of view that makes it seem as though Josh Swensen is real and Janet Tashjian is simply the one who edited and published it. This quality gives the book a non-fiction feel.
Plot summary.
"The Gospel According to Larry" revolves around seventeen-year-old Josh Swensen, an articulate teen whose dream is to change the world. He creates his own website which he calls "The Gospel According to Larry" because Larry was the most un-biblical name he could think of. He writes articles on this site "preaching" his feelings and ideas about making the world a better place.
At first he does not get many hits until someone writes an article about him in a local newspaper and the number of hits begins to grow. That is when he decides to start photographing and posting his possessions. He was curious to see if it was possible to track down someone anywhere in the world simply by their possessions.
Josh only has 75 possessions counting all clothes, underwear, school supplies, recreational equipment, software and the keys to his step-father's house. He has a list of guidelines to keep track of how many possessions he has. If he wants a new CD, or book, or video he has to sell an old one or trade for it. A notebook counts as one even though it has 70 sheets of paper in it. A pair of socks counts as one and so do shoes. He decided to start doing this after reading about Native Americans who did not want to leave a "footprint" behind. This means every purchase is a major decision and he takes it very seriously.
Not everyone is happy with his blog. A poster named betagold does not like the fact that Josh is hiding behind a screen name. She threatens to find him out, no matter what he does to hide himself. She even notices little things that he speaks of that she figures point to where he lives, such as Red Maples which grow in the New England area.
Things really take off when U2's lead singer Bono takes an interest in the site causing much more publicity. Soon after Bono decides to host a giant rock festival called Larryfest where all of the bands would play for free and all companies would sell food and drink at cost.
After the festival Josh is at home when an older woman knocks on his door. It is Tracy Hawthorne, also known as betagold. She is surrounded by reporters wanting to get a photograph of "Larry." He is then thrown into the public eye and at first he is glad because then he can spread his anti-consumerism message to all those who do not have access to the internet. He quickly realizes that reporters do not want to know about his message; they want to know about him: his life, his family, and his friends.
Josh likes to talk to his deceased mother at the makeup desk at Bloomingdale's. His mother would go there once a month to buy makeup and talk to the woman who worked there. Josh sits on a chair and talks out loud to his mother. He waits for the next voice he hears and whatever they say is his answer.
Josh gets really depressed by the fact that he cannot leave his house without being harassed by reporters and tries to talk to his mother. He is very confused and does not know where to go from there. He hears a woman say "Sometimes I could just kill myself." Immediately after that another woman says "I'm completely serious. Sometimes it's the only way." This is when he begins to consider suicide as a way out.
He ends up biking to the Sagamore Bridge because he has heard stories of how people had jumped from there. He rides home after that, pretty shaken up. The next day he gets bored and is looking up Greek and Latin roots. He puts two words together and comes up with pseudocide (Pseudo-, "false." and -cide, "killing") to pretend to kill yourself. He starts working out plans for this, not entirely considering going through with it, but it is a project. He does everything necessary for this fake suicide to occur.
On the day he decides to do it he cuts and dyes his hair and rides his bike to the Sagamore bridge, after seeing no one around throws his clothes over and tucks his pants into his bag so he is wearing shorts. He waves down a passing car and tells them he was running past and saw a kid jump. He describes himself as he looked before. They see his bike is registered. Josh is so freaked out that he throws up. He leaves and stays at a small motel as he watches the local news about how everything goes. He does not want there to be a doubt that it was a successful suicide.
Sequels.
"Vote for Larry", was published on May 1, 2004.
"Larry and the Meaning of Life", was published on September 16, 2008.
Awards and Reviews.
“A thrilling read, fast-paced with much fast food for thought about our consumer-oriented culture. The voice is clear, the ending satisfying. Teenagers will eat this one up.” Kirkus – Starred Review
“A terrific read with a credible and lovable main character. Tashjian’s gift for portraying bright adolescents with insight and humor reaches near perfection here.” School Library Journal – Starred Review
“Tashjian does something very fresh here, which will hit teens at a visceral level. She takes the natural idealism young people feel, personalizes it in the character of Josh/Larry, and shows that idealism transformed by unintended consequences. The book's frank discussion about topics paramount to kids--celebrity worship, consumerism, and the way multinational corporations shape our lives--is immediate, insightful, and made even more vivid because it's wrapped in the mystery of Larry.” – Booklist – Starred Review

</doc>
<doc id="5934655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934655" title="Eva Bartok">
Eva Bartok

Eva Bartok (18 June 19271 August 1998), born Éva Ivanova Márta Szőke, was an actress born in Budapest, Hungary. She began acting in films in 1950 and her last credited appearance was in 1966. She is best known for appearances in "Blood and Black Lace", "The Crimson Pirate", "Operation Amsterdam", and "Ten Thousand Bedrooms".
Biography.
During World War II, Eva Bartok was forced to marry Hungarian officer Géza Kovács; the marriage was annulled after the war on the grounds of coercion of a minor. She had three other marriages, all of which ended in divorce. Her final husband was actor Curd Jürgens (1955–56). Her daughter Deana was born in 1957, shortly after the marriage to Jürgens ended. Three decades later, she claimed that Deana's father was actually Frank Sinatra, with whom she had a brief affair in 1956. She also had a publicized affair with David Mountbatten, 3rd Marquess of Milford Haven for several years.
During the 1950s, Bartok suffered a bout with ovarian cancer. She experienced an allegedly miraculous recovery after being spiritually "opened" into Subud.
She died on 1 August 1998 in London.
Personal life.
Eva Bartok was married to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934665" title="Ian Potter">
Ian Potter

Sir Ian Potter (25 August 190224 October 1994) was an influential Australian businessman and philanthropist. The Ian Potter Foundation, which he established in 1964, has made large grants to dozens of research institutes, charities, universities and arts organisations. The Ian Potter Centre at Federation Square (part of the National Gallery of Victoria), the Ian Potter Museum of Art at the University of Melbourne and the Ian Potter Children's Garden at the Royal Botanic Gardens are but a few of his legacies in Melbourne today.
In 1962 he was knighted. In 1973 he received an honorary Doctorate of Laws from the University of Melbourne.
In the cultural sphere, Potter was the chairman of many boards including the Australian Ballet, the Australian Opera and the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust. He was elected a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science in 1978. 
He was a dedicated clubman and belonged to the Melbourne Club, the Australian Club in Sydney and the Links Club in New York.
He was survived by his fourth wife Lady (Primrose) Potter (he had divorced his first three wives). His daughter Caroly is married to Simon Humphrey Parker Bowles, brother of Brigadier Andrew Parker Bowles, former husband of Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="5934679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934679" title="The Mechanoid Invasion">
The Mechanoid Invasion

The Mechanoid Invasion (and its source books, supplements and sequels) was the first role-playing game from Palladium Books, conceived and written by Kevin Siembieda, with contributions from Erick Wujcik.
"The Mechanoid Invasion" centered around a powerful, malevolent, and numerous race of bio-driven machines that had come to invade a planet called Gideon E that was colonized by humans. In its original edition, published in 1981, the game was published as a series of three comic-book sized sourcebooks: The first, "The Mechanoid Invasion", dealt with the eponymous invasion of Gideon E, the second, "Journey", dealt with human survivors living within a mechanoid mothership after the destruction of the Gideon E colony and introduced "minor magic and some psionics", and the third, "Homeworld", dealt with the Mechanoid homeworld itself. The first book was revised and republished in an expanded form in 1985, and then all three as one compiled work in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5934689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934689" title="Marlierea">
Marlierea

Marlierea is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae. It is native to the Neotropics.
Molecular phylogenetic analyses indicate that "Marlierea" may belong within the large genus "Myrcia" "sensu lato", along with a few other closely related genera.
Today the genus contains about 100 species.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="5934697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934697" title="Harry Aikines-Aryeetey">
Harry Aikines-Aryeetey

Harry Leslie Aikines-Aryeetey (born 29 August 1988) is an English sprinter. In 2005 he was named as the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year and the IAAF's Rising Star of the Year after becoming the first athlete to win gold medals at both 100 metres and 200 metres at the World Youth Championships.
Aikines-Aryeetey was born in Carshalton, London to Ghanaian parents. He studied at Greenshaw High School in Sutton, London from 2000–2006. His first major tournament medal came at the 2004 Commonwealth Youth Games where he won the silver medal in the 100 m.
On 11 June 2006 he competed in the 100 m at Gateshead in which Asafa Powell equalled the world record of 9.77 s. On 16 August 2006, he won the gold in the 100 m at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics, held in Beijing, China, setting a season's best 10.37 s.
He was advised not to run in 2007 due to minor fractures in the spine that could affect later development. After an eleven month recuperation period, he returned to action in 2008 with a 60 metres personal best of 6.59 s in France to signal a return to form.
Aikines-Aryeetey was selected for Team GB at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics. As part of the men's 4 x 100 m relay team with Simeon Williamson, Tyrone Edgar and Marlon Devonish, he took bronze in Berlin with a season’s best of 38.02 seconds. In 2009 Harry became a Lucozade Sport Ambassador.
During the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships, Aikines-Aryeetey had to pull out of his semi-final after qualifying third in his first-round heat due to injury. He then returned in August but was not up to full fitness and then took months to regain it for the 2011 season. In the 2011 indoor season, Aikines-Aryeetey returned to some kind of form, finishing second in the UK indoor championships and European Trials. After having qualified, he again was restrained in his heat by injury running 6.94. However, he ran a 200m personal best of 20.46 in La Chaux-de-Fonds in Switzerland in July. He went on to win the UK championships in Birmingham and qualified for the IAAF World Championships in Daegu with a time of 10.14.

</doc>
<doc id="5934705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934705" title="Wholeness and the Implicate Order">
Wholeness and the Implicate Order

Wholeness and the Implicate Order is a book by theoretical physicist David Bohm. It was originally published 1980 by Routledge, Great Britain.
The book gives a detailed description of the implicate and explicate order according to David Bohm.

</doc>
<doc id="5934739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934739" title="It's All Over Now, Baby Blue">
It's All Over Now, Baby Blue

"It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" is a song written and performed by Bob Dylan and featured on his "Bringing It All Back Home" album, released on March 22, 1965 by Columbia Records ("see" 1965 in music). The song was originally recorded on January 15, 1965 with Dylan's acoustic guitar and harmonica and William E. Lee's bass guitar the only instrumentation. The lyrics were heavily influenced by Symbolist poetry and bid farewell to the titular "Baby Blue." There has been much speculation about the real life identity of "Baby Blue", with suspects including Joan Baez, David Blue, Paul Clayton, Dylan's folk music audience, and even Dylan himself.
"It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" has been covered many times by a variety of different artists, including Baez, The Seldom Scene, Them, The Byrds, The Animals, The Chocolate Watchband, Graham Bonnet, Judy Collins, Joni Mitchell, Marianne Faithfull, Falco, The 13th Floor Elevators, the Grateful Dead, Link Wray, Hugh Masekela, and Bad Religion. Them's version, released in 1966 influenced garage bands during the mid-60's and Beck later sampled it for his 1996 single "Jack-Ass". The Byrds recorded the song twice in 1965 as a possible follow up single to "Mr. Tambourine Man" and "All I Really Want to Do", but neither recording was released in that form. The Byrds did release a 1969 recording of the song on their "Ballad of Easy Rider" album ("see" 1969 in music).
Bob Dylan's version.
Composition and recording.
Bob Dylan most likely wrote "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" in January 1965. The master take of the song was recorded during the sessions for the "Bringing It All Back Home" album on January 15, 1965 and was produced by Tom Wilson. The track was recorded on the same day Dylan recorded the other three songs on side 2 of the album: "Mr. Tambourine Man", "Gates of Eden" and "It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)". However, Dylan had been playing those other songs live for some time, allowing them to evolve before recording of the album commenced. For "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue", Dylan wanted to record the song before he became too familiar with it. There were at least two studio recordings prior to the one that was released on the album. Dylan recorded an acoustic version on January 13 and a semi-electric version on January 14. The version of the song on the album is sparsely arranged with Dylan accompanying himself on acoustic guitar and harmonica, with William E. Lee playing bass guitar. Author Clinton Heylin states that the song is another of Dylan's "'go out in the real world' songs, like "To Ramona", though less conciliatory – the tone is crueler and more demanding." As well as being the final track on "Bringing It All Back Home", "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" was also the final song to be recorded for the album. 
Bill Janovitz of Allmusic describes the music as beautiful, with folk guitar chord changes and a somber melody, while the chorus, with its line "and it's all over now, Baby Blue" has a heartbreaking quality to it. Like other Dylan songs of the period, such as "Chimes of Freedom" and "Mr. Tambourine Man", the lyrics of "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" bear the strong influence of Symbolist poets such as Arthur Rimbaud. Lines such as "take what you have gathered from coincidence" reflect the I Ching philosophy that coincidence represents more than mere chance. The song was described by "Q" magazine as, "The most toxic of strummed kiss-offs, with not a snowball's chance in hell of reconciliation." Dylan, later describing the song, said that "I had carried that song around in my head for a long time and I remember that when I was writing it, I'd remembered a Gene Vincent song. It had always been one of my favorites, Baby Blue... 'When first I met my baby/she said how do you do/she looked into my eyes and said/my name is Baby Blue.' It was one of the songs I used to sing back in high school. Of course, I was singing about a different Baby Blue."
Identity of "Baby Blue".
Dylan's two previous albums, "The Times They Are A-Changin"' and "Another Side of Bob Dylan" both ended with a farewell song, "Restless Farewell" and "It Ain't Me, Babe" respectively. "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" concludes "Bringing It All Back Home" in consistent fashion. Much speculation has surrounded who or what the "Baby Blue" to whom Dylan is singing farewell to is. Although Dylan himself has remained mute on the subject, Dylan scholars believe that it is probably an amalgam of personalities within Dylan's social orbit. One person who has been regarded as the subject of the song is folk singer Joan Baez. Dylan and Baez were still in a relationship and were planning to tour together, but Dylan had been growing as an artist and as a person and may have already been planning to leave the relationship. Another possibility is a singer-songwriter named David Blue. A friend or acquaintance of Dylan's from his days in New York's Greenwich Village, Blue is pictured on the cover of Dylan and the Band's "The Basement Tapes" album wearing a trench coat. Yet another possibility is Dylan's one-time friend, folk singer Paul Clayton. Although Clayton had been Dylan's friend throughout 1964, and had accompanied Dylan on the road trip across the United States on which "Chimes of Freedom" and "Mr. Tambourine Man" were written, by 1965 he may have become more devoted to Dylan than Dylan was comfortable with, and Clayton's use of amphetamines may have made him difficult to be around. However, author Paul Williams, in his book "Performing Artist: Book One 1960–1973", counters that "Dylan may have been thinking of a particular person as he wrote it, but not necessarily", adding that the song has such a natural, flowing structure to it, that it could "easily have finished writing itself before Dylan got around to thinking about who 'Baby Blue' was."
Another interpretation of the song is that it is directed at Dylan's folk music audience. The song was written at a time when he was moving away from the folk protest movement musically and, as such, can be seen as a farewell to his days as an acoustic guitar-playing protest singer. Dylan's choice of performing "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" as his last acoustic song at the infamous Newport Folk Festival of 1965, after having had his electric set met with boos, is often used as evidence to support this theory. That particular performance of the song is included in Murray Lerner's film "The Other Side of the Mirror". 
Yet another interpretation is that Dylan is directing the farewell to himself, particularly his acoustic performer self. The opening line "You must leave now" can be a command, similar to the line "Go away from my window" that opens "It Ain't Me, Babe". But it can also be an imperative, meaning just that it is necessary that you leave. And the song is as much about new beginnings as it is about endings. The song not only notes the requirement that Baby Blue leave, but also includes the hope that Baby Blue will move forward, in lines such as "Strike another match, go start anew". If Dylan is singing the song to himself, then he himself would be the "vagabond who's rapping at your door / standing in the clothes that you once wore". That is, the new, electric, surrealist Dylan would be the vagabond, not yet having removed the "clothes" of the old protest singer. Alternatively, the vagabond and "stepping stones" referenced in the song have been interpreted as Dylan's folk audience whom he needs to leave behind. He would also be telling himself to "Forget the dead you've left, they will not follow you." Others to whom he may be saying farewell in the song are any of the women he had known, the political left or to the illusions of his youth.
Legacy.
In addition to appearing on the "Bringing It All Back Home" album, "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" is also included on the compilation albums "Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. II", "The Essential Bob Dylan", "Dylan" and the UK version of "Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits". Dylan played the song for Donovan in his hotel room during his May 1965 tour of England in a scene shown in the D. A. Pennebaker documentary "Dont Look Back". A version of the song is included on the soundtrack to Martin Scorsese's documentary "No Direction Home". A live version from Dylan's famous May 17, 1966 concert in Manchester, England (popularly but mistakenly known as the Royal Albert Hall concert) is included on '. Another live version from the Rolling Thunder Revue tour of 1975 is contained on '. As of 2009, Dylan continues to perform the song in concert.
In a 2005 readers' poll reported in "Mojo", "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" was listed as the #10 all time best Bob Dylan song, and a similar poll of artists ranked the song #7. In 2002, "Uncut" listed it as the #11 all time best Bob Dylan song.
Covers.
Them's version.
The Belfast band Them (featuring Van Morrison) recorded a cover of "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" that was first released on their album, "Them Again", in January 1966 in the UK and April 1966 in the U.S. The song was subsequently issued as a single (b/w "I'm Gonna Dress in Black") in the Netherlands during October 1966 but failed to reach the Dutch Singles Chart. It was later re-released in Germany in December 1973 with "Bad or Good" on the B-side, following its appearance in the 1972 German television movie, "Die Rocker" (aka "Rocker"). The single became a hit in Germany, first entering the charts in February 1974 and peaking at #13, during a chart stay of 14 weeks.
Morrison recalled his first encounter with Dylan's music in an interview in 2000: "I think I heard ["The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan"] in a record shop in Smith Street. And I just thought it was just incredible that this guy's not singing about 'moon in June' and he's getting away with it... The subject matter wasn't pop songs, ya know, and I thought this kind of opens the whole thing up." Morrison's record producer at the time, Bert Berns, encouraged him to find models for his songs, so he bought Dylan's "Bringing It All Back Home" album in March 1965. One of the songs on the album held a unique fascination for Morrison and he soon started performing "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" in small clubs and pubs as a solo artist (without Them).
Producer Tommy Scott was conscious of the importance of Dylan's music on the current pop scene and was eager for Morrison to cover "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" during the 1965 sessions for Them's second LP. After a failed, preliminary attempt to record the track with session pianist, Phil Coulter, at Regent Sound studios in London, Scott reconsidered his approach to the song. Scott recalled in interview that "The number wasn't going down, Van wasn't sure. Then the guys said he didn't fancy it and thought it was cheap because I'd tried to go after the "Here Comes the Night" tempo." The band returned to the song during a later session at Decca's recording studios. Scott decided to rearrange the song's musical backing, incorporating a distinctive recurring blues riff and piano work from Them's keyboard player, Peter Bardens, resulting in a finished recording that the band were satisfied with. The song featured one of Morrison's most expressive vocals and included subtle changes to Dylan's lyrics; instead of singing "Forget the dead you've left" Morrison alters the line to "Forget the debts you've left".
Greil Marcus stated in a 1969 "Rolling Stone" review that "Only on Dylan's 'It's All Over Now, Baby Blue' does Van truly shatter all the limits on his special powers...Each note stands out as a special creation – 'the centuries of emotion that go into a musician’s choice from one note to the next' is a phrase that describes the startling depth of this recording. Played very fast, Van's voice virtually fighting for control over the band, 'Baby Blue' emerges as music that is both dramatic and terrifying." In recent years, author Clinton Heylin has noted that Them's 1966 recording of the song is "that genuine rarity, a Dylan cover to match the original." After Van Morrison left the band in 1966, Them spinoff group, The Belfast Gypsies, recorded a cover of the song on their 1967 album, "Them Belfast Gypsies".
Them's interpretation of the song, with Morrison as vocalist, became influential during the years 1966 and 1967, with several garage rock bands, including The Chocolate Watchband and The West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band, recording versions of the song that were indebted to Them's cover version. Beck used a sample of Them's 1966 recording of "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" as the basis for his single "Jack-Ass", which appeared on his 1996 album, "Odelay" ("see" 1996 in music). Insane Clown Posse later sampled Beck's song as the basis for "Another Love Song", which appeared on their 1999 album, "The Amazing Jeckel Brothers". Hole's cover of the song also uses Them's recording as a blueprint. Them's original 1966 version of the song has appeared in movies, such as the 1996 film "Basquiat", the 1972 German film "Rocker" by Klaus Lemke and the 2000 film "Girl, Interrupted".
In 1993, Van Morrison included Them's cover of the song on his compilation album "The Best of Van Morrison Volume Two". In addition to recording "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" with Them, Morrison has covered the song frequently in concert throughout his solo career, beginning in 1974, but has never released a studio or live recording of it as a solo artist. In 1984, Morrison made a guest appearance at one of Bob Dylan's concerts in London and the two musicians performed a duet of "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue". Morrison and Dylan also sang a duet of "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" at the final concert of Dylan's 1984 tour on July 8, 1984 at Slane Castle, Ireland.
In a 2009 "Paste" magazine readers, writers and editors poll of the "50 Best Bob Dylan Covers of All Time", Them's version of "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" was ranked at #28.
The Byrds' version.
The Byrds' recording of "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" first saw release on October 29, 1969 as part of the band's "Ballad of Easy Rider" album. The song also appeared on the B-side of the band's December 1969 single, "Jesus Is Just Alright", which reached #97 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. The Byrds had previously attempted to record the song on two separate occasions, some four years earlier, during studio sessions for their second album, "Turn! Turn! Turn!" 
The Byrds initially planned to release "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" in 1965, as a follow-up to their previous hit Bob Dylan covers, "Mr. Tambourine Man" and "All I Really Want to Do". The band's first attempt at recording the song was on June 28, 1965: resulting in an irreverent, garage rock style take on the song. This version was deemed unsatisfactory and remained unreleased for 22 years, until its inclusion on the "Never Before" album in 1987. The June 28, 1965 recording can also be heard on the 1996 expanded reissue of "Turn! Turn! Turn!" as well as on "The Byrds" and "There Is a Season" box sets.
The band attempted a second recording of the song during August 1965. A program director from KRLA, who was present at the recording sessions, was impressed enough to play an acetate disc of the track on air, plugging it as The Byrds' new single. However, The Byrds soon abandoned the idea of releasing "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" as their third single and instead issued the song "Turn! Turn! Turn!". The Byrds' August 1965 version of "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" has never been released.
Guitarist and band leader, Roger McGuinn, returned to the composition during a July 22, 1969 recording session for the band's "Ballad of Easy Rider" album. McGuinn decided to slow down the tempo and radically alter the song's arrangement to fashion a more somber and serious version than those recorded in 1965. In tandem with the slower tempo, the band dragged the syllables of each word out in order to emphasize the world-weariness of the song's lyric. Ultimately, McGuinn was dissatisfied with the recording of the song included on "Ballad of Easy Rider", feeling that it tended to drag within the context of the album. In addition to appearing on "Ballad of Easy Rider", The Byrds' 1969 recording of "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" can also be found on the compilation albums "The Byrds Play Dylan" and "The Very Best of The Byrds".
Other covers.
Many other artists have covered the song. Joan Baez, who has sometimes been speculated to be the subject of the song, covered it on her 1965 album "Farewell, Angelina". It is one of four Dylan covers on that album, the others being the title track, "Mama, You Been on My Mind" (recorded as "Daddy, You Been on My Mind"), and "A Hard Rain's a-Gonna Fall". Baez sings "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" in a falsetto voice, but retains the power of Dylan's version. Baez has continued to perform the song at live concerts well into the modern era.
Others who have covered the song include Columbia Records contemporary Dion DiMucci (who recorded the song one half year prior to Them's version), The Country Gentlemen, Judy Collins, Joni Mitchell, Marianne Faithfull, Bryan Ferry, Manfred Mann's Earth Band, Echo & the Bunnymen, Falco, The Seldom Scene, Jon Fratelli, the Grateful Dead, The West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band, The Chocolate Watchband, Richie Havens, Steve Howe, The 13th Floor Elevators, Hole, Graham Bonnet and Chris Farlowe. Gal Costa performed a version of the song in Portuguese under the title of "Negro Amor" on her 1977 album "Caras e Bocas". Link Wray also covered the song on his album "Bullshot".
George Harrison, who performed with Dylan in the Traveling Wilburys and also co-wrote the song "I'd Have You Anytime" with Dylan in November 1968, did not cover the song, but did reference the title in his 1987 single, "When We Was Fab". One of the lyrics in the song reads "But it's all over now, baby blue", which is a nod from Harrison to his friend Dylan.
The Chocolate Watchband version of "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" is featured in the documentary "Tarnation".
The Animals recorded a version of the song on their 1977 album "Before We Were So Rudely Interrupted".
The song was a source of inspiration for Joyce Carol Oates' short story "Where Are You Going, Where Have You Been?", prompting her to dedicate the story to Dylan. A portion of the first verse of the song was used as the title for Barry Hannah's 1995 novel "Yonder Stands Your Orphan". Graham Bonnet's version of the song appears on the soundtrack of the 2009 Peter Jackson film "The Lovely Bones".. Philadelphia pop punk band The Wonder Years's 2009 "Distances" split EP opens with a track entitled "An Elegy for Baby Blue," which references Dylan's song by directly quoting him in its chorus.
While not actually a cover, the rock band Nine Days included a sample of Dylan singing two lines from "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" in their song "Bob Dylan" from the album "The Madding Crowd".
In 2011 Bad Religion recorded a punk rock cover version for the 2012 charity compilation album "".

</doc>
<doc id="5934742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934742" title="Greg Theberge">
Greg Theberge

Greg Ray Theberge (born September 3, 1959 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player, and is the grandson of former NHL player and Hall of Famer Dit Clapper.
A defenceman, Theberge was drafted 109th overall in 1979 by the Washington Capitals. He played his entire NHL career with the Capitals, also playing for their AHL farm team affiliate the Hershey Bears.
Greg spent his OHL career with the Peterborough Petes, and his son, Brett, is carrying on the tradition as a current member of the Petes.
It was announced that Theberge will join the broadcast team as a colour commentator for TVCogeco covering the Nipissing Lakers men's ice hockey team, alongside play-by-play man Ranjan Rupal.

</doc>
<doc id="5934749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934749" title="Total economic value">
Total economic value

Total economic value (TEV) is a concept in cost benefit analysis that refers to the value derived by people from a natural resource, a man-made heritage resource or an infrastructure system, compared to not having it. It appears in environmental economics as an aggregation of the (main function based) values provided by a given ecosystem. Those include use and non-use values. 
Use Value – Direct: Obtained through a removable product in nature (i.e. timber, fish, water).
Non-Use Value – Indirect: Obtained through a non-removable product in nature (i.e. sunset, waterfall).
Option value: Placed on the potential future ability to use a resource even though it is not currently used and the likelihood of future use is very low. This reflects the willingness to preserve an option for potential future use.
Bequest value or existence value: Placed on a resource that will never be used by current individuals, dervied from the value of satisfaction from preserving a natural environment or a historic environment (i.e., natural heritage or cultural heritage) for future generations.
See also.
Total economic value is the price of the customer's best alternative ( the reference value) plus the economic value of whatever differentiates the offering from the alternative ( the differentiation value).

</doc>
<doc id="5934760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934760" title="Virus hoax">
Virus hoax

A computer virus hoax is a message warning the recipient of a non-existent computer virus threat. The message is usually a chain e-mail that tells the recipient to forward it to everyone they know.
Identification.
Most hoaxes are sensational in nature and easily identified by the fact that they indicate that the virus will do nearly impossible things, like blow up the recipient's computer and set it on fire, or less sensationally, delete everything on the user's computer. They often include fake announcements claimed to originate from reputable computer organizations together with mainstream news media. These bogus sources are quoted in order to give the hoax more credibility. Typically, the warnings use emotive language, stress the urgent nature of the threat and encourage readers to forward the message to other people as soon as possible.
Virus hoaxes are usually harmless and accomplish nothing more than annoying people who identify it as a hoax and waste the time of people who forward the message. Nevertheless, a number of hoaxes have warned users that vital system files are viruses and encourage the user to delete the file, possibly damaging the system. Examples of this type include the jdbgmgr.exe virus hoax and the SULFNBK.EXE hoax.
Some consider virus hoaxes and other chain e-mails to be a computer worm in and of themselves. They replicate by social engineering—exploiting users' concern, ignorance, and disinclination to investigate before acting.
Hoaxes are distinct from computer pranks, which are harmless programs that perform unwanted and annoying actions on a computer, such as randomly moving the mouse, turning the screen display upside down, etc.
Action.
Anti-virus specialists agree that recipients should delete virus hoaxes when they receive them, instead of forwarding them.
McAfee says:
F-Secure recommends:
Telephone scam.
A telephone scam, operated from call centres based in Kolkata, India, has been active since 2008. The victim is quoted his or her name and address, and is told: "I'm calling for Microsoft (or an entity that sounds like it is connected to Microsoft, such as the "Windows Service Center" or "Windows Technical Department"). We've had a report from your internet service provider of serious virus problems from your Windows computer." The victim is then directed to open the Windows event viewer, which displays apparently critical warnings, and is directed to a website to download an application to allow the scammer to control his or her computer remotely. The caller supposedly fixes the problems and demands a fee for the service. However, the process usually enables malware to be downloaded to the victim's computer.
Parodies.
The virus hoax has become part of the culture of the twenty-first century and the gullibility of novice computer users convinced to delete files on the basis of hoaxes has been parodied in several popular jokes and songs.
One such parody is "Weird Al" Yankovic's song "Virus Alert" from the album Straight Outta Lynwood. The song makes fun of the exaggerated claims that are made in virus hoaxes, such as legally changing your name or opening a rift in time and space.
Another parody of virus hoaxes is the "honor system virus" which has been circulated under the name Amish Computer Virus, manual virus, the Blond Computer Virus, the Irish Computer Virus, the Syrian Computer Virus, the Norwegian Computer Virus, Newfie Virus, the Unix Computer Virus, the Mac OS 9 virus, Discount virus and many others. This joke email claims to be authored by the Amish or other similar low-technology populations who have no computers, programming skills or electricity to create viruses and thus ask you to delete your own hard drive contents manually after forwarding the message to your friends.
The Tuxissa virus is another parody of the virus hoax, based on the concept of the Melissa virus, but with its aim of installing Linux on the victim's computer without the owner's permission. The story says that it was spread via e-mail, contained in a message titled "Important Message About Windows Security". It was supposed to first spread the virus to other computers, then download a stripped-down version of Slackware and uncompress it onto the hard disk. The Windows Registry is finally deleted and the boot options changed. Then the virus removes itself when it reboots the computer at the end, with the user facing the Linux login prompt and all his Windows security problems solved for him.

</doc>
<doc id="5934763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934763" title="Pimenta (genus)">
Pimenta (genus)

Pimenta is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae. Well-known species include allspice ("P. dioica") and the West Indian bay tree ("P. racemosa"). The name is derived from the Spanish word "pimienta", meaning "peppercorn." It refers to the berries of "P. dioica".

</doc>
<doc id="5934765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934765" title="MTV Pakistan">
MTV Pakistan

Music Television Pakistan (MTV Pakistan) was the Pakistani subsidiary of MTV, a cable television network owned by Viacom Inc. headquartered in New York. The Pakistan franchise has been set up in collaboration with Pakistan's first satellite channel media group known as "Indus Media Group" (""Indus TV""). "Indus TV" was Pakistan's first private television broadcaster. MTV Pakistan was launched with a vision to bridge global cultural gaps through music and to promote the burgeoning Pakistani music industry. It was moulded to match both local taste & global recognition.
MTV Pakistan combined local and international music & was the only music channel with global & local leveraged programs. The channel had a variety of Pakistani shows such as "MTV Basanti", "Most Wanted", "MTV Select", " Bheja Fry", "Love Lockdown", "Love Stories", "Top Ten World Music ", "MTV Classics", "MTV Requested", "MTV News", "MTV News", "MTV VJ Hunt", "Groove" and "Classics". International shows such as MTV Unplugged, MTV Roadies, Stunt Mania.
MTV Pakistan had also been recognized as a television that provides live session of Back to Back Music & Programmed music opportunity for the viewer to listen & dedicate the songs to their loved ones. Programs like "Most Wanted", "MTV Select", "MTV Mast Morning", "Requested" were well received by Pakistani audiences.
MTV Pakistan also provided upcoming and talented Pakistani artists with an opportunity to get global recognition through MTV.
MTV Pakistan brand was reverted to Indus Music in October 2011 due to the expiration of the franchise agreement with Viacom.

</doc>
<doc id="5934766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934766" title="Magnifier">
Magnifier

A magnifier is a device used for magnification.
Magnifier can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934775" title="Andreas Gerasimos Michalitsianos">
Andreas Gerasimos Michalitsianos

Dr. Andreas 'Andy' Gerasimos Michalitsianos (Greek: Ανδρέας Μιχαλιτσιάνος) (May 22, 1947 – October 29, 1997) was a Greek-American astronomer and a NASA astrophysicist, also known and published as Andrew G. Michalitsianos.
Born in Alexandria, Egypt on May 22, 1947, Andreas grew up with his mother, who spoke little English and briefly, with his father. He moved with his family to New York City in 1949 and lived in the Queens borough before going to college. Michalitsianos' father, Gerasimos Andreas, was a sea captain of a Greek tanker, the "SS Foundation Star" (formerly "SS Lampas"), but the ship was caught up in a hurricane and sunk in September 1952 off the coast of Norfolk, Virginia and Michalitsianos' father died of pneumonia shortly after rescue. Andreas showed an early interest in astronomy and physics from an early age, winning a science contest in 1959 and serving as president of the Junior Astronomy Club in NYC where his accomplishments included leading a South American eclipse expedition. He graduated from Newtown High School in 1965 and then earned his bachelor's degree in physics from the University of Arizona at Tucson in 1969, working at the nearby Kitt Peak National Observatory as a student employee in the Space Division to help pay off his college debts. His duties at Kitt Peak included the initial tests of a remotely controlled telescope.
Andreas then received a scholarship and earned his Ph.D. in astrophysics from University of Cambridge, Churchill College in 1976 while doing research on a theoretical topic in solar physics. He would later work as a junior research fellow at the California Institute of Technology and then as an astrophysicist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center from the 1970s until his death. Michalitsianos was involved with such projects as the Hubble Space Telescope and was the Deputy Project Manager of the Observatory Branch for Goddard's highly successful International Ultraviolet Explorer, in which he won several awards for his contributions. Michalitsianos eventually went on to become Chief of the Laboratory for Astronomy and Solar Physics at the Goddard Space Flight Center in early 1997, and was renowned for his breakthrough research on symbiotic stars. His many awards included the NASA Meritorious Achievement Award.
Michalitsianos died on October 29, 1997 in Baltimore, Maryland after a long struggle with a brain tumor. Until his last days he was hard at work rejuvenating the Laboratory of which he had recently taken command, and on a proposal for a spacecraft to monitor temporal changes in the ultraviolet and X-ray spectra of stars and active galaxies. He is survived by a wife, two daughters, a sister, and one son.
A landbased robotic telescope on the island of Cefalonia in western Greece is named in his honor. The "Andreas Gerasimos Michalitsianos telescope", located within a former Hellenic Air Force communications station, has been utilized by Greek universities and The Eudoxos Project to advance Greek secondary education in introductory astronomy and physics laboratories for high school students.

</doc>
<doc id="5934783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934783" title="Anatole Shub">
Anatole Shub

Anatole Shub (May 19, 1928 in The Bronx, New York City – July 2, 2006 in Washington, D.C.) was an American author, journalist, researcher, editor, news director and Russian public opinion analyst.
Biography.
Shub attended Townsend Harris High School and then joined the Navy in 1945. He graduated from the City College of New York and attended the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University and the Graduate School of Journalism at Columbia University.
His first jobs in journalism included writing, and then editing at "The New Leader", a leftist but anti-communist magazine whose editor was his brother-in-law, Melvin J. Lasky, and associate editor at "Commentary". Next, he was an editor at the "New York Times" where he won a fellowship from the Institute of Current World Affairs that allowed him to travel in Russia and Eastern Europe.
In 1964, he was hired by the "Washington Post" to open a bureau in Bonn and report on Germany and Eastern Europe. Next, he was moved to the Moscow bureau where his reporting on dissidents and the political role of the army got him expelled in 1969.
More recently, Shub was news director at Radio Free Europe and analyst for the United States Information Agency, studying Russian public opinion.
Shub was married to Joyce Lasky (whom he later divorced) and had a son and daughter. He then married (and divorced) the author Barbara (née Bellman) Raskin, the former wife of progressive social critic Marcus Raskin.
Shub died of a stroke and pneumonia on July 2, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5934792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934792" title="Acoustic Live (Five for Fighting EP)">
Acoustic Live (Five for Fighting EP)

Acoustic Live is the first live album by Five for Fighting released in 2004. It is a two song EP.

</doc>
<doc id="5934804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934804" title="Kissing booth">
Kissing booth

A kissing booth is a carnival attraction where the person running the booth kisses customers for money, often to raise funds for charity. Domestic animals may also be used for comedic purposes. 
Examples.
Marnie Stern ran a kissing booth at some of her concerts.
Disease Risk.
When one person kisses many people, it can spreads germs, including mononucleosis, oral herpes virus, the cold, and the flu. An allergic reaction can occur if one of the two kissers has recently eaten a food that the other person is allergic to.
Cinema.
"The Kissing Booth" was a documentary which included celebrities discussing lovemaking.

</doc>
<doc id="5934805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934805" title="Football at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads">
Football at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads

This page lists the squads for the men's football at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Overage players are marked with *. Players added due to injury are marked with °.
Group A.
Argentina.
Head coach: Daniel Passarella
Portugal.
Head coach: Nelo Vingada
Tunisia.
Head coach: Henryk Kasperczak
United States.
Head coach: Bruce Arena
Group B.
Australia.
Head coach: Eddie Thomson
France.
Head coach: Raymond Domenech
Saudi Arabia.
Head coach: Ivo Wortmann
Spain.
Head coach: Javier Clemente
Group C.
Ghana.
Head coach: Sam Arday
Italy.
Head coach: Cesare Maldini
Korea Republic.
Head coach: Anatoliy Byshovets
Mexico.
Head coach: Carlos de los Cobos
Group D.
Brazil.
Head coach: Zagallo
Hungary.
Head coach: Antal Dunai
Japan.
Head coach: Akira Nishino
Nigeria.
Head coach: Jo Bonfrere

</doc>
<doc id="5934812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934812" title="Happoradio">
Happoradio

Happoradio (Finnish for "acid radio") is a Finnish rock band formed in 2001. They achieved their first success with the single "Pois Kalliosta" (2003). "Tavikset", "Che Guevara", "Ahmat tulevat" and "Pelastaja" are some of their other hits in the Scandinavian market.

</doc>
<doc id="5934813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934813" title="Plinia">
Plinia

Plinia is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="5934830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934830" title="Modern Language Notes">
Modern Language Notes

Modern Language Notes is an academic journal established in 1886 at the Johns Hopkins University, where it is still edited and published, with the intention of introducing continental European literary criticism into American scholarship. Each year, one issue is devoted to each of the four languages of concern. The fifth issue focuses on comparative literature. 
The journal is published five times each year in January (Italian), March (Hispanic), April (German), September (French), and December (Comparative literature). Circulation is 1,173 and the average length of an issue is 240 pages.

</doc>
<doc id="5934833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934833" title="Gracie Barra">
Gracie Barra

Gracie Barra is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Association, with over 400 schools spanning five continents. The organization was founded by Carlos Gracie, Jr., (to the members of Gracie Barra, he is known as Master Carlos.) who was born on January 17, 1956 and grew up heavily influenced by his family specially his father Carlos Gracie Sr. and his brother Rolls Gracie . As one of the latest count from the organization, they have graduated more than 600 black belts all over the world. 
The very first Gracie Barra school was first founded in the neighborhood of Barra da Tijuca in Rio de Janeiro in 1986. In a few years Carlos Gracie Jr. was able to turn Gracie Barra into one of the most dominant teams in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu winning many consecutive world titles. Despite the outstanding results in tournaments, Carlos Gracie Jr. worked hard to create a positive learning environment where all kinds of people could learn the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. At the school, people can see world champions training with lawyers, doctors, business men, etc on a mutual supportive environment dedicated to development of the individual and strengthening of the team spirit. 
Gracie Barra Instructor Certification Program.
Gracie Barra created the instructors' certification program which aims to increase the level of instructions given to their students. Each instructor goes through a series of modules which caters to different aspects / facets within the organization. The aim is to standardize each instruction based on the traditional teaching methods of founder Carlos Gracie Jr.
The certification program in Gracie Barra also provides all instructors insight into the inner working of the organization such as the business model and strategy. 
Currently, the certification program is authored by the top executives of the organization namely Marcio Feitosa, Marco Joca, and Flavio Almeida. All of which trained under Carlos Gracie Jr.,
Gracie Barra CompNet.
The Gracie Barra CompNet (Competition Network) is designed to promote competition within the members of Gracie Barra. The tournament is exclusive to Gracie Barra school members only. The rules in the tournament coincide with the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation rules. Weight classes follows the international standards as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5934835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934835" title="Derek Strong">
Derek Strong

Derek Lamar Strong (born February 9, 1968) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 2nd round (47th overall) of the 1990 NBA Draft. A 6'8" forward from Xavier University, Strong played in 10 NBA seasons from 1991 to 2001 for 6 different teams. Strong has successfully transitioned into stock car racing.
Professional Basketball Career.
Strong played for the Washington Bullets, Milwaukee Bucks, Boston Celtics, Los Angeles Lakers, Orlando Magic and Los Angeles Clippers.
In his NBA career, Strong played in 456 games and scored a total of 3,088 points. His best year as a professional came during the 1997–98 season as a member of the Magic, appearing in 58 games and averaging 12.7 ppg.
In 1992-93, Strong was named the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) Most Valuable Player, while playing with the Quad City Thunder.
NASCAR career.
During his tenure in the NBA, Derek was an avid NASCAR fan and remained committed to pursuing this childhood dream when his playing days ended. Strong transitioned into a professional stock car driver and owner of Strong Racing Team Derek is the first NBA player to successfully transition into stock car racing. Strong Racing is the first team in NASCAR history to have African-American female owners – Dawn Whitaker and Erika Hill. Strong Racing is a Stock Car Racing Team that competes in ASA and NASCAR Racing events. Strong Racing is managed by Stuart Lycett and is based in Los Angeles.
Charities.
Strong supports many charities including The Music City Motorsports Institute, a non-profit associated with Strong Racing that seeks to motivate and inspire students to achieve academic success with an educational platform of learning, discovery and fun in the motor sports industry. Co-owner of Strong Racing, Erika Hill is also the co-founder of Peace International, a non-profit organization whose primary mission is to build schools in remote areas throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5934841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934841" title="Boone Drug">
Boone Drug

Boone Drugs is a drug store chain with 15 locations in North Carolina and Tennessee.
History.
Boone Drug Company began operation in downtown Boone, North Carolina in 1919. The business was founded and operated by Dr. George Kelly Moose until 1959. In 1939 the business was incorporated in North Carolina. The single store served as a pharmacy and soda fountain; in the 1950s the soda fountain operation grew and a grill was added by expanding into the adjacent A&P Store.
The popularity of the soda fountain increased further in the 1980s and a rear addition to the building was created in order to accommodate 50 people.
Origin of Cheap Joe's Art Stuff.
Joe Miller, an owner in the corporation since 1963, wanted a local supply of art supplies and began stocking art supplies in the store for sale. Demand increased and Cheap Joe's Art Stuff began with Joe as the owner/operator.
References.
Jim Furman, RPh and Johhny Stacy, RPh worked with and became business partners with Joe Miller.
2010 finds Boone Drugs Inc a jointly owned venture by Jim Furman and Johnny Stacy, with Joe Miller now pursuing his art supply business.
Jim and Johhny are co-presidents of the company with longtime employee Dale Presnell serving as Vice President. 
Bonne Drug now has 15 stores.

</doc>
<doc id="5934852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934852" title="Ian Craney">
Ian Craney

Ian Thomas William Craney (born 21 July 1982 in Liverpool) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
He has most notably had five spells with Accrington Stanley during his career, the latest ending at the end of the 2011-12 season. He has also played in the Football League with Swansea City, Huddersfield Town, Morecambe and Rochdale, as well as spells in Non-league with Altrincham and Fleetwood Town.
Club career.
After starting his career as a junior at Everton, he got his first break in senior football at Conference National side Altrincham, before moving to Accrington Stanley in 2004. He then signed a permanent deal at Swansea City on 9 January 2007 for £150,000 from Accrington Stanley having been on loan since 23 November 2006. He returned to Accrington in early 2008, after an initial loan spell.
Fellow League Two side Morecambe saw two bids rejected for the midfielder in July 2008. But just two games into the 2008-09 season, Accrington accepted an undisclosed fee from League 1 side Huddersfield Town for the midfielder. He took up the vacant number 5 shirt following the sale of David Mirfin to Scunthorpe United. He made his Town debut in their 3-1 defeat by Milton Keynes Dons at the Galpharm Stadium on 23 August 2008. His first goal for the Terriers was the winning goal in their 2-1 win over Cheltenham Town at Whaddon Road on 6 September 2008.
Whilst playing for his previous club, Accrington Stanley, he was an England National Game XI international.
On 22 July 2009, Craney joined Football League Two side Morecambe on a season-long loan along with team mate Phil Jevons. He got his first goal for the Shrimps in their 5-2 defeat by Burton Albion on 15 August 2009. Unfortunately, an injury cut short half of Craney's season, and he returned to the Galpharm on 20 April 2010. The following day, his contract at Huddersfield was terminated.
He joined Fleetwood Town for the 2010/11 season. On 25 November 2010 he rejoined former club Accrington Stanley for a third spell, on a short term loan deal until the start of 2011. He returned to Fleetwood Town on 7 January as the clubs failed to agree an extension to his loan deal. On 31 January he rejoined Stanley on a permanent basis, for his third full-time spell with the club. He was released at the end of the 2011-12 season and in July 2012 he began training with Grimsby Town. In August 2012 he joined Rochdale but was released in January 2013 after making seven appearances in all competitions.
He then joined AFC Telford United on 5 February 2013 for the rest of the season. He was also the first signing under the new manager Mark Cooper. On 2 May 2013 he was released by the club.
On 31 May 2013 he joined Stockport County FC on a free transfer.
International career.
Whilst playing for his previous club, Accrington Stanley, he was an England National Game XI international.

</doc>
<doc id="5934854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934854" title="GVSD">
GVSD

GVSD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934859" title="Shoots and Ladders (song)">
Shoots and Ladders (song)

"Shoots and Ladders" is a song written and recorded by the American nu metal band Korn for their self-titled debut album. It was released as the album's third single in 1995.
Music and structure.
The title is a mockery of American children's game Chutes and Ladders (also known in the UK as Snakes and Ladders), with the song's lyrics mostly consisting of nursery rhymes. It is the first Korn song to feature bagpipes.
The song uses the following nursery rhymes in its lyrics:
Concept.
"It was written because all these little kids sing these nursery rhymes and they don't know what they originally meant. Everyone is so happy when singing 'Ring Around the Rosie' but it is about the Black Plague. All of them have these evil stories behind them." – Jonathan Davis
Music video.
The video for "Shoots and Ladders" was directed by McG and shows clips of Korn performing in front of an energetic crowd, similar to "Blind". Korn is also seen performing in front of fake castle-like buildings. Munky can be seen with duct tape over his mouth coming out of a field of weeds and in the beginning, Jonathan can be seen tied up, hanging upside down. Other unknown people, who are believed to be friends of the band, appear in various clips as well. The video premiered in October 1995. "Shoots and Ladders" was filmed at Camelot Park in Bakersfield, California.
Awards.
The song was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1997 for Best Metal Performance. This would be Korn's first nomination in any Grammy category.
Track listing.
Track Listing
UK Radio Promo.
Side A:
Side B:

</doc>
<doc id="5934865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934865" title="Rinat Malzagov">
Rinat Malzagov

Rinat Malzagov (Rus: Ринат Малцагов) (born 1988 in Pavlodar, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union (present Kazakhstan)) is a Kazakhstani singer who placed fifth in "SuperStar KZ 3", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol".
SuperStar KZ 3 performances.
Top 40: "Немного Жаль" by Filipp Kirkorov<br>Top 12: "Everything I Do (I Do It For You)" by Bryan Adams<br>Top 11: "Ресницы" by Bratya Grimm<br>Top 10: "Вдруг Как В Сказке" by Ivan Vasilevich<br>Top 9: "Livin' La Vida Loca" by Ricky Martin<br>Top 8: "Қыздар-ай" by NN Bek<br>Top 7: "Boro Boro" by Arash<br>Top 6: "Жестокая Любовь!" by Filipp Kirkorov<br>Top 5: "Танец На Воде" by Vadima Uslanova<br>Top 5: "Sunshine Reggae" by Laid Back

</doc>
<doc id="5934869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934869" title="TESD">
TESD

TESD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934872" title="Elfros, Saskatchewan">
Elfros, Saskatchewan

Elfros is a village in Saskatchewan, Canada, within Elfros RM 307. It is northeast of Regina and southeast of the Quill Lakes at the junction of Highway 16 and Highway 35.
History.
Elfros was first settled by Icelandic immigrants, and many of the present inhabitants are of Icelandic descent. A post office was opened in 1909.
From the Icelandic Pioneer Memorial in Elfros comes the following quotation.
The Rural municipality (RM) of Elfros held centennial celebrations July 24–26, 2009.
Demographics.
As of the 2011 Canadian Census the population of Elfros was 96, down from 110 in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5934889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934889" title="Inoue Yoshika">
Inoue Yoshika

Marshal Admiral Viscount was a career naval officer and admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during Meiji-period Japan.
Biography.
Born in what is now part of Kagoshima city, as the son of a "samurai" retainer of the Satsuma domain, Inoue took part in the Anglo-Satsuma War as a youth. Although severely injured by shrapnel through his left thigh during the fighting, he was extremely impressed with the firepower of the Royal Navy and the amount of material damage that only a few vessels were able to inflict on Kagoshima. On recovery, he enlisted in the Satsuma domain Navy, and present at all of the major naval engagements associated with the Boshin War to overthrow the Tokugawa Shogunate, as commander of the Satsuma warship "Kasuga".
After the Meiji Restoration and the absorption of the various feudal navies into central government control, Inoue reenlished as a lieutenant in the fledgling Imperial Japanese Navy, serving on the "Ryūjō", rising to the position of executive officer by 1872, and returning to the "Kasuga"again as its captain in 1874. Inoue was a supporter of Saigō Takamori and his "Seikanron" position vis-a-vis Korea. At the time of the Ganghwa Island incident (1875), Inoue was captain of the gunboat "Unyo". He later served as captain of several other warships in the early Imperial Japanese Navy. Despite his admiration for Saigō, Inoue fought against his former Satsuma clansmen in the Satsuma Rebellion.
Immediately on the conclusion of the Satsuma Rebellion, Inoue took the "Unyo" on a voyage to Europe and back. On his return, he served on a wide selection of ships in the Japanese navy. Inoue was promoted to rear admiral on 15 June 1886, and appointed Director of the Bureau of Naval Affairs shortly thereafter. He was ennobled with the title of "danshaku" (baron) under the "kazoku" peerage system on 24 May 1887. 
Inoue became first Director of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy on 16 August 1888. He became Commander-in-Chief of the Readiness Fleet on 29 July 1889, a vice admiral on 12 December 1892. He remained in charge of reserve forces, and thus did not see any combat during the First Sino-Japanese War of 1895. He was promoted to admiral on 12 December 1901. 
After the Russo-Japanese War, Inoue was elevated to "shishaku" (viscount) on 21 September 1907, and to the largely ceremonial rank of Marshal Admiral on his retirement on 31 October 1911. After retirement, Inoue continued to exert an influence on naval policy, and was a strong proponent of the occupation and annexation of the Caroline Islands during World War I 
Inoue died in 1929. His grave is in his hometown of Kagoshima.

</doc>
<doc id="5934896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934896" title="Green eyeshade">
Green eyeshade

Green eyeshades are a type of visor that were worn most often from the late 19th century to the middle 20th century by accountants, telegraphers, copy editors and others engaged in vision-intensive, detail-oriented occupations to lessen eyestrain due to early incandescent lights, which tended to be harsh (the classic banker's lamp had a green shade for similar reasons). Because they were often worn by people involved in accounting, auditing, economics, and budgeting, they became associated with these activities. The phrase "green eye-shades" can be applied derogatorily to individuals who are excessively concerned with financial matters or small and insignificant details. 
Green eyeshades were often made of a transparent dark green or blue-green colored celluloid, although leather and paper were used to make the visor portion as well. One manufacturer, The Featherweight Eyeshade Company, described their eyeshade as "restful" to the eyes. Eyeshades were sold through office supply stores through the 1950s. 
Several individuals, including one William Mahoney, received patents for their eyeshade designs. Author Carl Sandburg wore a green eyeshade, which is on display at his former residence of Connemara at Flat Rock, North Carolina. The Society of Professional Journalists annually recognizes deserving journalists working in the Southern United States with its "Green Eyeshade Excellence in Journalism Award". Green eyeshades are still on the market, typically sold as "dealer's visors." They retain a certain degree of popularity in the gambling community.
The gonzo journalist Hunter S. Thompson popularized the headgear for a new generation of readers. His green eyeshade was common alongside his cigarette holder, amber sunglasses, Hawaiian shirts, and Bermuda shorts and may be seen in the films "Where the Buffalo Roam" and "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas".

</doc>
<doc id="5934901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934901" title="Lauchheim">
Lauchheim

Lauchheim is a town in the Ostalbkreis district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Jagst, 12 km northeast of Aalen.

</doc>
<doc id="5934903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934903" title="Peg (song)">
Peg (song)

"Peg" is a song by American rock group, Steely Dan, first released on the band's 1977 album entitled "Aja". The track was released as single in 1977 and reached #11 on the US "Billboard" chart in 1978 and #8 on the Cash Box chart. In Canada, "Peg" spent three weeks at #7 during March of 1978.
The song is a blend of rock, jazz, and R&B. The song's guitar solo was attempted by seven top studio session guitarists ‒ including Robben Ford ‒ before Jay Graydon's version became the "keeper". He worked on the song for about six hours before the band was satisfied.
Michael McDonald can be heard providing multi-tracked backup vocals in the choruses, and keyboardist Paul Griffin can also be heard improvising background vocals in the final chorus and fadeout.
"Peg" was heavily sampled on the 1989 De La Soul song, "Eye Know". In 2007, the song was covered by Nerina Pallot.

</doc>
<doc id="5934924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934924" title="Jyoti Sarup">
Jyoti Sarup

Jyoti Sarup (born 20 August 1954 in New Delhi) is a National Award winning Indian film/serial director and producer, most known for directing the television series, "Buniyaad", and films like "Chorni" (1982) and "Bub"(2001) .
Biography.
An engineer by education, he received a Diploma from NSD and FTII for Acting. He came to Mumbai (then Bombay) in 1978 to become an actor. Not belonging to a film background, he had to start from scratch. He started off as a Chief Assistant Director to Late Mr. Ramanand Sagar. 
After Acting in a few films& TV serials and being the Chief Assisting to a few directors of that time, e.g.: Late Shri Atma Ram & Late Shri Shakti Samata, he found himself more suited behind the camera. He therefore started concentrating more and more on film & TV direction. His break as an individual director came from a Telefilm with Shekhar Suman & then he directed & acted in the Inspector Navin Mohan series of films, 90 minutes each with Navin Nischole & Mohan Gokhale & the Tele film Sandhya Chayya with Shriram Lagoo, Sulbha Deshpande etc.
This tele film, Sandhya Chayya, got him the lifetime Chance for being the Episode Director of G. P. Sippy's famous TV serial Buniyaad. Since then he has Directed around 38 projects, from which & in one has also got the prestigious National Film Award, thus becoming the First Person to get a National Award for a Kashmiri Film, Bub. It was a Nargis Dutt Award for Best Feature Film on National Integration which was made after 38 years, in Kashmir. 
He has also worked as the Head of the Production, with Sony TV also & brought it up from All India rating No. 9 to No. 2. & various other Channels & Production houses. He is an expert in live events & started this trend from "Lata Mangeshkar Live" when he was in Sony TV. 
He has written few books too, one being on The Art of Acting & another a fiction Novel The KING of the film Jungle (To be published soon). 
Recently, he has worked in a, Two Oscar Award winning film, An Inconvenient Truth in which he edited the 96 minutes long film to 36 minutes, for Indian audiences, and he was the Dubbing Director of this film too, in Hindi. The Narrator of this film is Nobel Prize Winner Al Gore the Ex Vice President of USA. He has also done two short films on Environment, Energising India & Toxic Trespass.
Now directing a TV serial Yeh to Kamaal Ho Gaya & after this directing a feature film. After these he is going to producing a feature film for his son Kuber Sarup, to be the Director of the feature film titled Ajaey.
Filmography.
Experience Summary (From Today to the start of my career):
1. Directing TV Serials, Short Films & Feature Films, (2002 – 14)
2. Member of Jury for 51st, National Film Awards & 29th, RAPA Awards, (2004)
3. Won a National Award for Directing a Feature Film, BAB (Kashmiri), (2001–03)
4. Sr. Vice President (TV) at Devgan Entertainment & Software Ltd. (2000–01)
5. G. M. (Prod. & Programming), at Falak TV, an URDU Channel, (1988 – 99)
6. Head of the Production Department, at Sony Entertainment TV, (1997 – 98)
7. Independent Director of Films and TV serials, (1984 – 97)
8. Chief Asst. Director to Shri Ramanand Sagar, Atma Ram & Shakti Samanta, (1978 – 84)
Director.
Current assignments: 
1. Yeh to Kamaal ho Gaya: A Detective, Comedy Serial, based on the real crime cases in India, for DD of 13 episodes. Waiting for the Tele cast date in this month.
2. Iccha Mrityu: A Feature Film written by Kuber Sarup & Jyoti Sarup.
3. Kissa Ramgadh Ka: A Feature film based on the farmers commuting suicides & solution to it, dealt in a humours way. Based on “Micro Insurance”, part of Micro Financing, the latest thing in India for Micro Insurance Academy, New Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="5934925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934925" title="Athanasios Diamandopoulos">
Athanasios Diamandopoulos

Athanasios Diamandopoulos (; born 1943) is a Greek doctor and writer on medicine.
He was born in the town of Arginio, Greece, in 1943 and spent his childhood in Patras and Ioannina. He graduated from the Medical School of the University of Athens in 1967 and in 1974 finished his specialization in Pathology at the Therapeutic Unit of the "Alexandra" Hospital in Athens. 
During the same year he left for Glasgow, having won a state scholarship. He returned to Greece in 1978 with the titles of PhD from the University of Athens, Philosophiae Doctorem from the University of Glasgow, a specialization in Nephrology, and a Scottish wife.
Upon his return he was placed at the Renal Unit of the Regional State Hospital "Agios Andreas" in Patras, where he still works as Head of the Department today.
In 1986 he became an associate professor at the University of Athens, and in 1996 he graduated in Archaeology from the University of Ionannina. 
During the same year he went to London where he conducted research on the History of Medicine at the Welcome Institute for the History of Medicine.
He acted as president of the Medical Society of Southern Greece for seven years. 
He is currently president of the International Society for the History of Medicine, the UNESCO Committee for the History of Medicine, the Greek Society for the History and Archaeology of Medicine and a member of the administrative councils of the International Association of the History of Nephrology, the Commission for the History if Nephrology and the International Society for the History of Nephrology.
He is the author of 16 books and more than 400 articles in Greek and international journals, including "Nature", "The Lancet" and "Kidney International". He is interested mainly in medical research, nephrology, bioethics and the history of medicine and is a reviewer for "The Times Literary Supplement" and the medical journal Kidney International. Over the 30 years he has acted as head of the Renal Department of "Agios Andreas", he has supervised more than 12,000 haemodialysis sessions.
He lives in the small suburb of Romanou, near Patras, with his wife and children.

</doc>
<doc id="5934934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934934" title="LNER Class D40">
LNER Class D40

The London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) D40 class is a type of 4-4-0 steam locomotive inherited from the Great North of Scotland Railway (GNSR). It consisted of GNSR class V (introduced in 1899 by William Pickersgill) and GNSR class F (introduced in 1920 by T. E. Heywood). The two classes were similar but the class F was superheated.
Construction history.
Class V.
In February 1898, the Scottish locomotive builder Neilson, Reid and Company had completed an order for twelve 4-4-0 locomotives for the Great North of Scotland Railway (GNSR); these comprised GNSR class T. In October that year, William Pickersgill, the GNSR Locomotive Superintendent, requested authority to purchase a further twelve. Neilsons offered to build between ten and twenty further locomotives of the class T design. The GNSR Board of Directors granted permission for ten locomotives of a slightly modified design incorporating a side-window cab, and Neilson, Reid & Co. were awarded the contract that November (Neilsons order no. E827) at a price of £2975 each. Delivery commenced in October 1899, but by the time that the first five locomotives had been received by the GNSR (class V; numbers 113–115, 25, 26), they found that a downturn in traffic meant that not only were the remaining five not required, but that they would also be unable to pay for them. Accordingly, the GNSR requested that Neilsons should find an alternative buyer, and to obtain the best possible price. They were duly sold to the South Eastern and Chatham Railway for £3300 each, where they became that company's class G. An offer from the SECR to purchase the first five as well, but at £3325 each, was turned down by the GNSR.
A further eight locomotives (in two batches of four) to the same design as the 1899 batch were built by the GNSR at their Inverurie Works, Aberdeenshire, in 1909–10 (nos. 27, 29, 31, 36) and 1913–15 (nos. 28, 33, 35, 34). Once again, Pickersgill's recommended quantities were reduced: he had requested ten in 1903, and eight in 1911.
Class F.
The class F locomotives were the only ones to be named by the GNSR, all other classes being numbered only. The class originally comprised eight locomotives, six built by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow in 1920, the remaining two by GNSR at Inverurie Works in 1921. 
South Eastern and Chatham Railway and Southern Railway.
The five locomotives ordered in 1898 that the GNSR was unable to pay for were offered for sale by Neilsons, with the authority of the GNSR. On 11 October 1899, Neilsons contacted the South Eastern and Chatham Railway (SECR), which had recently placed a locomotive order with them. The SECR was an organisation which had been formed on 1 January 1899, and which was short of express passenger locomotives for the former London, Chatham and Dover Railway routes, which had a weight limit. The SECR quickly accepted the offer, paying £3200 each for them, whereas Neilsons would have charged the GNSR £2975 each; in December, the cost to the SECR was increased by a further £57 per engine and tender after Harry Wainwright, the SECR Locomotive Superintendent, requested modifications including the fitting of vacuum brake equipment. The price difference was split between Neilsons and the GNSR, the latter receiving £1025. On the SECR they were assigned Class G, and entered service during January and February 1900, numbered 676–680. They passed to the Southern Railway (SR) at the 1923 Grouping, and, except for no. 678, were given SR numbers A676–A680. They were withdrawn from service between 1924 and 1927.
London and North Eastern Railway.
All 21 GNSR locomotives passed to the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923. The LNER classed them all as D40 irrespective of whether they were fitted with superheaters (class F) or not (class V). The LNER initially renumbered them by adding 6800 to their GNSR number. In 1946 they completely renumbered all their locomotives and the D40 class became 2260–2261, 2265–2272, 2262–2264 (former class V) and 2273–2280 (former class F).
The first locomotive was withdrawn in 1947.
British Railways.
Eighteen of the 21 locomotives passed into British Railways ownership in 1948 (eleven former class V, and seven former class F). BR renumbered them by adding 60000 to their 1946 LNER number.
The last locomotive of the D40 class was 62277 Gordon Highlander and it was withdrawn in 1958 from Kittybrewster Depot, Aberdeen.
Preservation.
Number 62277 was preserved and renumbered as 49 as an example of the superheated version. GNSR No. 49, "Gordon Highlander" was also numbered as LNER No. 6849 at the Grouping, LNER No. 2277 in 1946 and BR No. 62277 on nationalisation. At withdrawal, it was the only survivor of the class still in service. Restored to GNSR green in 1958, though it never carried green livery in GNSR service since it originally appeared in Heywood's lined black, it was given an occasional airing on specials before retirement to the Glasgow Transport Museum. It has been moved to the Scottish Railway Museum at Bo'ness rather than the new waterfront Glasgow Transport Museum.
On 13 June 1964 "Gordon Highlander" was used on the "Solway Ranger" railtour of Cumbria, on the section between and .

</doc>
<doc id="5934938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934938" title="Miss Martian">
Miss Martian

Miss Martian (real name M'gann M'orzz, alias Megan Morse) is a superhero in the . Miss Martian was created by Geoff Johns and Tony Daniel and first appeared in "Teen Titans" #37 (2006). Miss Martian is named "Megan Morse" after Marvel Comics editor Ben Morse's wife, Megan. Morse is a friend of Johns'.
Character biography.
Miss Martian is a White Martian known as M'gann M'orzz. She serves as a member of the Teen Titans during the year between the events depicted in "Infinite Crisis" and the "One Year Later" stories. On Earth, she simplifies her name to Megan Morse.
M'gann M'orzz was originally sent by rocket from Mars to the Vega system, to escape the civil war between the Green Martians and the White Martians. To date, it is still unknown when she came to Earth from Vega.
Initially, M'gann pretended to be a Green Martian, like the Martian Manhunter, and joined the Teen Titans. After her feelings were hurt through insensitivity and misunderstanding with her teammates, M'gann left the Titans to be a hero in Australia. Though the Titans suspected she might have been a traitor, it turned out that her accuser, Bombshell, was the actual traitor. After helping the team defeat Bombshell and proving her loyalty, she was accepted as a full member of the Titans.
M'gann and Cyborg travel to Belle Reve to interrogate the depowered Bombshell. M'gann, using her telepathy on Bombshell, discovers the existence of Titans East (Bombshell is seemingly murdered by a mind-controlled Batgirl soon thereafter, but eventually recovers). M'gann fights Sun Girl, who claims to be from a future in which Martians are slaves because of something that M'gann will do (Sun Girl also claims that in the future M'gann will be her slave). Unable to convince Sun Girl to tell her what she will do in the future, M'gann dives into the ocean and then hits Sun Girl with a mass of water, dousing her flames.
The "Titans Tomorrow" appear with Miss Martian as a member. She has a different look, having embraced her White Martian heritage. Having changed her name to Martian Manhunter, she is beheaded by her present-day counterpart. As a result of this encounter, the consciousness of her future self has taken refuge in Megan's own mind. An epilogue to the "Titans of Tomorrow: Today!" storyline depicts Miss Martian eight years in the future; she colludes with Lex Luthor and Tim Drake, the Robin of the time and with whom she is having an affair, to clone several deceased Titans, including Superboy and Kid Flash.
Megan is attacked by Disruptor of the Terror Titans, whose weapons almost separate her from her future self. Megan is captured and thrown into a room with Kid Devil, who has been savagely conditioned into a mindless beast. She attempts to calm his mind with her telepathy but unfortunately a reincarnated version of Granny Goodness has found a way to inhibit her Martian abilities.
Megan finally manages to restore Eddie's rational mind, and the two escape. Back at Titans Tower, Megan implies that the encounter with Disruptor has allowed her to subdue her future self's consciousness. Her future counterpart seems still able to communicate with her, but M'gann shushes her effortlessly by the simple threat of "siccing the cute puppies" on her, e.g. feeding her images of cuteness and love.
Later, however, Megan begins showing signs of being unable to subdue her evil self, such as appearing before the team having chalk-white skin as opposed to her usually preferred green skin. She seems as surprised at this as the rest of the team, and later finally comes to the conclusion to leave the Titans for an unknown period of time. Before leaving, however, she says goodbye to the Titans and admits to Eddie that she will miss him the most, to which he questions if she is comparing him to the Scarecrow from "The Wizard of Oz".
"Teen Titans" writer Sean McKeever has stated that Megan's departure from the Titans is part of a longer story he is working on and that she will return to the team at a later time.
Megan appears in the final issue of the "Terror Titans" miniseries, having been posing as Star-Spangled Kid in The Dark Side Club's metahuman fights. She had been using her immunity to Clock King's mind control to slowly free the other brainwashed metahumans.
Megan is briefly seen as part of an underground resistance cell in "Final Crisis" #5 (Dec. 2008). She rejoins the Titans in the aftermath of their failed recruitment drive, bringing new members Static and Aquagirl with her. In the same story, Megan hints that she has rid herself of her future counterpart's consciousness from her mind.
When Beast Boy returns to lead the Titans in the wake of Kid Devil's death, Megan is the only member of the team who is willing to support him. While the rest of the team is busy arguing with him, Megan is attacked and captured by a new villain known as Wyld. After a vigorous battle, Megan is rescued by her teammates.
At some point prior to this, Megan is seen operating on a solo mission where she defeats Brick after he attempts to abduct a young girl and hold her for ransom. Seconds after flooring the kidnapper, Megan is visited by Jay Garrick, who recruits her for some unknown purpose. In the finale of "", it is revealed that Garrick recruited her in order to help interrogate Prometheus, who had destroyed Star City. When she attempts to read his mind, Megan is knocked out by specialized mental defenses Prometheus put in place after an encounter with the Martian Manhunter.
Megan later accompanies her fellow Titans to the city of Dakota in order to look for Static after he goes missing. After Wonder Girl, Aquagirl, and Bombshell are kidnapped as well, the remaining Titans track them to an armored bunker. Megan tries to fight off a powerful metahuman gangster named Holocaust, but he is somehow able to resist her telepathic assault and knock her unconscious. After awakening, Megan realizes that she had accidentally struck Raven with a mental barrage, which has now left her comatose. On the way back to Titans Tower, Raven is kidnapped by Wyld.
Till'All.
Miss Martian is introduced very soon after a Martian Manhunter miniseries wherein J'onn befriends a male white martian named Till'All and introduces him to the Justice League. It is speculated that originally it was to be revealed that M'Gann was in fact Till'All, and this revelation was retconned to her being a female white martian because DC editorial became uncomfortable with the idea of martian transvestism after she was shown in romantic situations with several characters.
"Brightest Day".
During "Brightest Day", Megan is asked by Batman to contact Starman after he is captured by a crazed Alan Scott. After coming aboard the Justice League Watchtower, she mentally reaches out to Starman and begins to relay information about his prison, only to transform into her White Martian form and attack the Justice League. Before Megan can injure any of her fellow heroes, she is knocked unconscious by Power Girl, who implies that she had been possessed by the Starheart, the cosmic entity that granted Alan his powers.
Around this time, the recently resurrected Martian Manhunter contacts Titans Tower in order to talk to Megan, and is told by Superboy that she has taken a leave of absence from the team. He heads to Australia to find Megan and see if she has any information about a string of murders that seem to have been committed by a fellow Martian, only to find her tied up and severely beaten. While tending to her, J'onn is contacted by the Entity, and Megan's wounds fully recover. She also senses that there is another Martian on Earth. When J'onn asks Megan who did this to her, Megan says she was attacked by a female green Martian.
After a mission to rescue Raven from Wyld's dimension, Megan is left in a coma. Cyborg and a scientist named Rochelle Barnes take Megan to Cadmus Labs in order to find a way to help her, and Static (who had lost his powers after the battle with Wyld) comes along with her, stating that she should have a Titan by her side while she recovers. The issue ends with a note stating that the story will be resolved in a new Static solo series, which will launch sometime in 2011.
No longer a member of the Titans, Miss Martian is later attacked by a teenaged psychic named Alexander, who kidnaps her and uses her as bait to lure Supergirl into a trap. After defeating Supergirl, M'gann uses her abilities to help brainwash Blue Beetle and Robin into serving Alexander. It is later revealed, however, that Miss Martian was never under Alexander's control to begin with; she had merely pretended to be while using her telepathy to tell Supergirl her plan. Miss Martain then force feeds Alexander's mind with mental feedback, distracting him enough for Supergirl to subdue him.
Along with a number of other former Titans, M'gann returns to assist the team during their final battle against Superboy-Prime and the Legion of Doom. Working together with Solstice, M'gann defeats her old nemesis Sun Girl.
The New 52.
In this timeline of The New 52, history is altered and the most recent incarnation of Teen Titans is presumably erased from existence. Red Robin is shown watching a press conference where Lex Luthor shows off photographs of M'gann as part of a presentation about alien life on Earth.
Powers and abilities.
Miss Martian possesses abilities similar to Martian Manhunter and all other Martians. She has Superhuman strength and stamina comparable to that of a Kryptonian. She is invulnerable and has been shown to repel attacks from the likes of Despero. She can enhance this invulnerability by making herself super dense. This invulnerability also extends to her being able to survive in the vacuum of space. She has enhanced reflexes and move at high speeds. She also has the ability to shapeshift and she can use this to regenerate herself at a rapid rate. Her shapeshifting can be used at will and in an unlimited application. This also extends to her being able to expand or lengthen her limbs or to create natural body weapons. This control over her molecular structure also gives her the abilities of invisibility and intangibility. She can use her lungs to store more air than usual and to expel it in a forceful blast. 
She is a powerful psionic with major applications of this being telepathy and telekinesis. She can use the telekinesis to fly at extremely fast speeds. Her telepathy is one of her strongest abilities and allows her a wide variety of abilities including creating illusions, locating other sentient beings, controlling other’s minds, inducing sleep, astral travel, and transfer information to people directly. Her psionic abilities can also manifest themselves in a psionic blast or create a force field. A further application of her powers is Martian vision, in which she expels energy from her eyes. Martians have nine senses compared to humans, which gives them stronger perception of the world.
As an adult in the "Titans of Tomorrow... Today!" storyline, M'gann's default physical form is that of a White Martian having embraced her heritage (and Martian physiology reflecting their state of mind). To compensate for her pyrophobia, adult M'Gann wears a forcefield that protects her from flame.
Weakness.
Like all Martians, she can be weakened by fire. This comes in the form of pyrophobia, with fire being the Martian's "Achilles heel", equivalent to Kryptonians weakness to Kryptonite. Exposure to fire typically causes her to lose the ability to maintain her physical form, 'melting' into a pool of writhing green plasma. It was revealed, during the "Trial By Fire" storyline, that the Martian weakness to fire is an inbuilt psychosomatic effect, placed in the Martian race long ago by the Guardians of the Universe. The purpose of this was to prevent the Martians from reverting to a previous evolutionary state in which they were highly aggressive, on the verge of interstellar conquest, and required flames and the psychic suffering of others in order to reproduce.
Other versions.
Smallville: Titans.
Miss Martian is a member of the team with Conner Kent/Superboy, Speedy, Blue Beetle, Zan and Jayna at Jay Garrick's school for the "gifted."
In other media.
Television.
Miss Martian is a lead character in the "Young Justice" animated series (loosely based on the comic book series), voiced by Danica McKellar. Within the show, she is introduced as the niece of the Martian Manhunter. M'gann is 48 human chronological years, but only 16 by Martian biological standards. She states that she has 12 sisters on Mars, indicating a surviving Martian society.
She has shown strong telekinetic and telepathic abilities as well as flight, camouflage (though not truly invisibility) and shape shifting, but she initially had trouble mimicking men (when she tried, they appeared as female versions.) However, she was able to mimic Red Tornado flawlessly (possibly due to his inorganic nature and simplified anatomy.) Her shape-shifting allows her to heal faster than a human would. Miss Martian has strength and durability above that of a typical human. Like Kid Flash and Superboy, her other comic-based abilities (super speed, super senses and laser vision) are not indicated, though she cites "density-shifting" as an "advanced technique". However, in "Failsafe", Martian Manhunter states she is the most powerful telepath he has encountered in terms of raw power and potential growth, even in comparison to himself.
She developed a crush on Superboy since meeting him, blushing when he compliments her in "Dropzone" and almost kissing him in "Bereft". By the episode "Terrors", they began a romantic relationship, which they initially keep secret from the team. In the episode "Targets," she joined the cheerleading squad on her and Superboy's first day of school.
Miss Martian's humanoid form and personality, as well as her catchphrase "Hello, Megan!" is based on a character, also named Megan, from an old Earth TV show she enjoyed watching on Mars, and she chose Connor's name from another character in the show, as revealed in the episode "Image". When Garfield Logan requires a blood transfusion to save his life, she shifts hers to match, saving him but beginning a process which transforms him into Beast Boy. During battle with Psimon in the episode, he exposes her true form as a White Martian, but she manages to conceal it from her team-mates. Later, she claims to be a Green Martian, and that her true form is a female version of Martian Manhunter's human appearance. Due to Miss Martian's fear of her team-mates reaction to her White Martian form, Bialya leader Queen Bee blackmails her, but Miss Martian ultimately reveals her true form to the team, to only momentary shock. Superboy revealed that he had known Miss Martian's secret since they shared a strong telepathic connection in Bialya, and had simply chosen to wait for her to tell him in her own time.
M'gann appears in the second season titled "" set five years later. She remains with the team, sporting a shorter haircut and wears her stealth costume at all times. She is also considerably more serious and experienced. Superboy has ended their relationship, but she is now involved with Lagoon Boy. Following his mother's death, she has accepted Beast Boy as an adopted younger brother. She is now capable of using density shifting. Her personality is darker than before, aggressively probing the minds of her enemies, which leaves them in a catatonic state. It is revealed in the episode "Depths" that Superboy's disagreement with M'gann's blatant disregard for the side-effects of her probing mind on her enemies led to their break-up, with the final straw being M'gann's attempt to erase his memory of their argument. M'gann shows visible remorse of the event, particularly given Superboy's anger over the violation of their deeply personal connection. In the episode "Before the Dawn", M'gann confronts Aqualad and telepathically attacks him as revenge for his supposed killing of Artemis, but her probing reveals that Artemis is alive and working undercover with Aqualad. She breaks off the attack, horrified that she has left Aqaualad catatonic. She subsequently enters a state of mental shock, becoming almost non-responsive and requiring prodding from her Teammates to use her powers, which results in a swift defeat at the hands of Black Beetle, and then refusing to use her Telepathy.
After, Black Manta has her captured by Tigress and Deathstroke to make her fix Aqualad's mind. After succeeding, Miss Martian, Tigress (Artemis) and Kaldur come up with a plan to escape, which is compromised by Sportsmaster and Cheshire's assassination attempt on Black Manta. In the end, Miss Martian and Sportsmaster make a deal and both end up escaping without blowing Kaldur and Tigress' cover. After her escape, she breaks up Lagoon Boy out of guilt about going out with him because he made her feel better, though he had forgiven her later in "Summit". At this point she asks Nightwing where Connor is and is upset to hear that he is spending time with Wendy Harris from their old High School. In "Endgame", she and Superboy discuss their feelings towards each other and she is overjoyed to hear that Connor was just helping Wendy out with her relationship with another old school friend. Following the death of Wally West, while discussing the new relationship between Tim Drake and Cassie, they both reconcile their own relationship, but before they can kiss they are called to the briefing room by Aqualad, where they are dispatched for a mission on Mars with Beast Boy.
Video Games.
Miss Martian will appear as a playable character in the video game "". Danica McKellar will reprise the role.

</doc>
<doc id="5934958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934958" title="Paul Mullin">
Paul Mullin

Paul Bernard Mullin (born 16 March 1974) is a former English professional footballer. He is the brother of fellow former footballer John Mullin.
Career.
Born in Burnley to Bernard and Mary Mullin, Mullin started his career with Accrington in 1995, making his first-team debut before being released. He then played for Darwen, Trafford, and spent two-and-a-half years at Clitheroe before joining Radcliffe Borough in the summer of 1998. Two years later, in August 2000, he rejoined Stanley, newly promoted to the UniBond League Premier Division as champions, for a fee of £15,000, after a bid of £10,000 had been rejected the previous season. He turned professional in July 2004, when Stanley went full-time after their first season in the Conference, during which Mullin scored 24 goals in all competitions and won the club's player of the year award.
On 14 April 2007, Mullin broke Chris Grimshaw's record for club appearances for Accrington Stanley with 362 games, in a 4–1 victory against Grimsby Town. He scored the first of Stanley's four goals during the match. Mullin rejected the offer to be captain for the day to avoid getting himself into a testimonial mentality.
In March 2009, Mullin joined fellow League Two side Bradford City on loan for the rest of the 2008–09 season, to replace Barry Conlon, who was loaned to Grimsby Town. Bradford lost 1–0 to Port Vale on Mullin's debut the following day. 
On 31 August 2009 Mullin signed for Morecambe on a one-year deal with option of further year, for an undisclosed fee. He scored his first goal for Morecambe in a 2–1 win over Notts County. On 15 April 2011 Mullin announced his retirement from football.

</doc>
<doc id="5934960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934960" title="Bill Garnett">
Bill Garnett

William Patrick "Bill" Garnett (born April 22, 1960) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Dallas Mavericks in the 1st round (4th overall) of the 1982 NBA Draft. Born in Kansas City, Missouri, Garnett is a 6'9" small forward from the University of Wyoming, Garnett played in 4 NBA seasons from 1982 to 1986 for the Mavericks and Indiana Pacers. In his NBA career, Garnett played in 300 games and scored a total of 1,638 points.

</doc>
<doc id="5934969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934969" title="Waltham Abbey Royal Gunpowder Mills">
Waltham Abbey Royal Gunpowder Mills

The Royal Gunpowder Mills, Waltham Abbey, an "Anchor Point" of the European Route of Industrial Heritage, (ERIH), set in of parkland and containing 21 buildings of major historical importance, mixes history, science, and attractive surroundings. It was one of three Royal Gunpowder Mills in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the other mills were at Ballincollig and Faversham, but is the only site to have survived virtually intact.
The Royal Gunpowder Mills, Waltham Abbey, were in operation for over 300 years; however, from the mid-1850s onwards the site was involved in developing new nitro-based explosives and propellants. The site grew in size, and gunpowder became less important. Shortly after World War II it became solely a Defence Research Establishment - firstly the Explosives Research and Development Establishment, then the Propellants, Explosives and Rocket Motor Establishment Waltham Abbey; and finally the Royal Armament Research and Development Establishment Waltham Abbey. Its superior production methods and high quality results earned it a reputation on an international level .
Pre-Gunpowder use of the site.
The story of gunpowder production at Waltham Abbey begins with a fulling mill for cloth production; originally set up by the monks of the Abbey on the Millhead Stream, an engineered water course tapping the waters of the River Lea. Mills were adaptable and in the early 17th century it was converted to an 'Oyle Mill', i.e. for producing vegetable oils. In the Second Dutch War gunpowder supply shortages were encountered and the oil mill was converted to gunpowder production, possibly in response to this. In 1665 it was acquired by Ralph Hudson using saltpetre made in Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire.
The Hudson family sold out to William Walton at the end of the 17th century, starting a family connection lasting almost a hundred years. The enterprise was successful under the Walton's tenure and the Mills expanded up the Millhead Stream as additional production facilities were added; the material progressing from one building to another as it passed through the various processes. The Waltham Abbey Mills were one of the first examples in the 18th century of an industrialised factory system, not often recognised. In 1735 they were described by Thomas Fuller, a local historian, as 'the largest and compleatest works in Great Britain.'
Purchase of the site by the Crown.
In the 1780s there was fresh concern over security, quality and economy of supply. The deputy comptroller of the Royal Laboratory at Woolwich, Major, later Lieutenant General, Sir William Congreve advocated that the Waltham Abbey Mills should be purchased by the Crown to ensure secure supplies and to establish what would now be called a centre of excellence for development of manufacturing processes and to establish quality and cost standards by which private contractors could be judged. In October 1787 the Crown purchased the mills from John Walton for £10,000, starting a 204 year ownership. Congreve was a man of immense drive and vision, a pioneer of careful management, quality control and the application of the scientific method. Under his regime manufacture moved from what had been a black art to, in the context of its day, an advanced technology.
The distinguished engineer John Rennie coined the phrase ‘The Old Establishment’ in his 1806 report on the Royal Gun Powder Factory. The term refers to the gunpowder mills when they were still privately owned, before they were acquired by The Crown in 1787.
Reflecting this, the mills were able to respond successfully in volume and quality to the massive increases in demand which arose over the period of the French Revolution and Napoleonic Wars from 1789, culminating in the victory at Waterloo in 1815. In the years following Waterloo the Mills entered a period of quiet with a steep decline in staff numbers and production levels. However there was a steady advance in machinery and process development.
The quiet was not to last. Conflict broke out in 1854 with the Crimean War with Russia, followed by the Indian Mutiny and a succession of colonial conflicts followed, culminating in the Boer War of 1899 - 1902.
All of this provided the impulse for further development. Whilst the mills' function was to provide gunpowder for military use, either as a propellant for use in guns, or as a military explosive for demolition, etc., improvements effected there were a strong influence on private industry producing for civil activity - construction, mining, quarrying, tunneling, railway building etc. which created a massive demand for gunpowder in the 19th century.
Research into other explosives.
Under the leadership of Sir Frederick Abel, both guncotton (1865) and the propellant Cordite (1889) were developed at the facility.
There was a close link with production for civil use, with chemical engineering improvements at Waltham Abbey being disseminated to private industry. All this meant that Waltham Abbey had become a leading centre of Victorian (and later) science and technology, but for reasons of security it remained largely unknown to the outside world.
World War I.
World War I 1914 - 1918 brought a huge upsurge in demand. Staff numbers increased by around 3,000 to a total of 6,230. The 3,000 additional workers were largely female, recruited from the surrounding area, and this was a significant social phenomenon.
After WWI there was another period of quiet before anxieties about the future surfaced again. It was decided that production at Waltham Abbey would be gradually transferred to the west of the country, safer from air attack from Europe. However, in the meantime, production continued and crucial development work was carried out on TNT production and on the new explosive RDX.
World War II.
During WWII, Waltham Abbey remained an important cordite production unit and for the first two years of the war was the sole producer of RDX. RDX is one component of torpex, the explosive that was used in the Bouncing Bomb.
Total transfer of RDX production to the west of England, to ROF Bridgwater; and dispersal of cordite production to new propellant factories located: in the west of Scotland, three co-located factories at ROF Bishopton, to Wales, ROF Wrexham, and to the North East, ROF Ranskill, was achieved by 1943. Many Waltham Abbey staff played a vital role in developing the new Explosive Royal Ordnance Factories, training staff and superintending production.
The Royal Gunpowder Mills finally closed on 28 July 1945.
Post World War use of the site.
In 1945 the establishment re-opened as a research centre known as The Explosives Research and Development Establishment, or ERDE. In 1977 it became the Propellants, Explosives and Rocket Motor Establishment, Waltham Abbey, or PERME Waltham Abbey. As a research centre Waltham Abbey was responsible for military propellant and high explosives and expanded into the increasingly significant field of rocket propellants, solid and liquid and a range of specialised applications, e.g. 'snifters' for altering space vehicles direction when in flight, cartridges for firing aircraft ejector seats, engine and generator starter cartridges - these applications have been called 'a measured strong shove'. The rocket activity later extended to the production of rocket motors, including work on the Skylark project.
In 1984 the South site and the Lower Island works were handed over to Royal Ordnance Plc immediately prior to its privatisation. The North side however remained in Ministry of Defence control as a research centre; becoming part of the Royal Armament Research and Development Establishment.
After various reorganisations of Governmental research, the research centre finally closed in 1991, bringing to an end 300 years of explosives production and research.
Sale of the North site by the Ministry of Defence.
Following funding from the Government and the Heritage Lottery Fund, the majority of the original northern site was saved. It has been decontaminated and a heritage visitor centre has been created allowing the public to learn about the science, nature and history of the site.
Heritage site.
A large area of the north site is listed as the Waltham Abbey SSSI and another separate area is a scheduled ancient monument. Visitors can see exhibits related to gunpowder making, tour the site on a land train and see a demonstration narrow gauge railway.
Sale of the South site by Royal Ordnance.
The South site also known as Quinton Hill was vacated by Royal Ordnance around the same time and was also decontaminated. This site was totally cleared of buildings and is being redeveloped, with new roads built, including the A121 link road to the M25 motorway. On one side of the A121 road the site is being developed with housing and on the other side a large distribution warehouse.
Much of the remaining land was converted into the Gunpowder Park, which is part of the Lee Valley Park and was opened in 2004. The regenerated parkland is dedicated to the arts, science and wildlife.

</doc>
<doc id="5934974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934974" title="Old Conna Golf Club">
Old Conna Golf Club

Old Conna Golf Club is an 18-hole golf course in Bray, County Wicklow, Ireland. With a total yardage of over 6,500, this par 72 course features views of the Irish Sea and rolling hills. Opened in July, 1987, the Old Conna Golf Club is home to 700 members.
It was designed by Eddie Hackett, an Irish golf course architect.

</doc>
<doc id="5934976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934976" title="Bebeji">
Bebeji

Bebeji is a Local Government Area in Kano State, Nigeria. Its headquarters are in the town of Bebeji.
It has an area of 717 km² and a population of 188,859 at the 2006 census.
The postal code of the area is 711.
Geography.
The town of Bebeji is located 45 km southwest of Kano, with an estimated population of 350,346.
It is in close proximity to Bagauda dam which supplies most of the potable water of Bebeji, the federal government recently approved a dam in Bebeji to supplement the Bagauda dam sometimes known for its structural failures. Bebeji is also the location of Habe mosque, declared a monument in 1964. The town is known to have a significant occurrence of ilmenite, a weakly magnetic mineral containing titanium oxide.
Government.
The current federal representative is Dr, Abdulmumin Jibrin Kofa a former commissioner in Kano State. The chairman of the Bebeji Local Government Area is Kantoma Bebeji.
Bebeji Local Government was created in 1990 during the administration of General Ibrahim Babangida.

</doc>
<doc id="5935003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935003" title="Jitim Young">
Jitim Young

Jitim Young (born December 19, 1981) is an American basketball player. Young attended Northwestern University and gained notoriety for his play at the collegiate level.
High school career.
At Gordon Technical High School Young averaged 23 points, 7 rebounds and 6 assists per game. He led Gordon Tech into the Illinois state tournament were they advanced to the Elite 8 but were eventually defeated by the eventual state champs. Jitim was named to the Chicago All-area team and gained All-State honors. As a junior Young averaged 18.7 points, 6 rebounds, and 5 assists per game. Young was named to the Chicago All-Area team and All-State.[http://www.wnur.org/sports/mbball/mbb103100.html]. As a Sophomore Young led Gordon Tech with 14.5 points, to go along with 5 rebounds, and 4.5 assists. Athlons Magazine rated him as one of the top 5 sophomore combo-guards in the country, also made the top 40 in the nation. His senior season he was named an USA Today All-American honorable mention, Street and Smith All-American, and a Blue Ribbon All-American. Young played in the Capitol Classic All-American game which is now called the Michael Jordan game in D.C. Jitim Young was also a part of the prestigious Five Star Basketball Camp "Wall of Fame." At 5-star which is scouted by the noted Howard Garfinkle, Young captured 2 all-star MVP awards in the NBA division, sportsmanship award, Best Defensive player, and Young led his team to a championship as a rising sophomore.
College career.
At Northwestern University Jitim Young was one of the top five freshmen scorers in the Big Ten Conference 2000–01 season. Sophomore year Young was vital in leading the Wildcats to a 16–13 record. He became Male Athlete of The Year at Northwestern, as well as Third Team All Big Ten selection as a junior, and his senior year Young was a First Team All-Big Ten performer and was honored to the All Big Ten tournament Team 2004. Young also made All-Tournament Team at the University of Texas El-Paso Christmas tournament (Sun Classic), and was named to the All-District Team.
Young finished his collegiate career ranked sixth on Northwestern's all-time scoring list with 1,521 points. Also ranks as the school's all-time leader in games started (117), and also ranks second in minutes played (3,849), second in steals (215), tied for second in games played (117), fifth in field goals made (548), sixth in three-point field goals made (108), and tenth in free throws made (317).
He led the team in scoring, rebounding, and steals in his senior (17.9 ppg, 6.0 rpg, 66 steals) and junior seasons (13.4 ppg, 5.1 rpg, 47 steals). Young was the only freshman starting in the Big Ten Conference when he suited up for Northwestern in 2000. He led Northwestern to 8 conference victories in his senior season, the first time since 1968.[http://sports.espn.go.com/ncb/recap?gameId=240720127]
Young was the only senior named to the 2004 first-team All-Big Ten as well as the 2004 All-Big Ten Tournament team.
After being in magazines such as "Sports Illustrated", "Athlons Magazine", "Street and Smith". Concluding his career that was also an article featuring Young in "Slam Magazine".[http://slamonline.com/magazine/hype/Jitim72]
Professional career.
Although having a stellar career with Northwestern and the Big Ten conference, Young was not drafted into the NBA. He worked out at many predraft camps and many coaches and scouts admired his hustle and work ethic but due to his size (6'2") and inconsistent shooting ability no teams took a chance on the guard. One predraft camp pitted Young against Big 10 rival and NBA lottery pick Devin Harris in which Young consistently shut him down defensively. Also in a pre-draft workout with Andre Iguodala Young displayed the talent and athleticism to compete at the NBA level. At Tim Grover's basketball facility in Chicago, Illinois, Young has shown the ability to standout on the court with NBA stars such as Shawn Marion, Dwyane Wade, Jamal Crawford and Corey Maggette. [http://www.draftexpress.com/viewarticle.php?a=23]
Started the 2004–05 season in Greece, playing in ten games with Panellinios. Averaged 9.8 points and 4.0 rebounds. Moved on to Dexia Mons-Hainaut in the Belgian League, averaging 12.6 points and 4.0 rebounds in 21 games. Young Led Mons to the Final Four in the Belgium league playoffs. In 2006–07 Young played for the CBA's Minot Skyrockets playing in all 47 games averaging 14.8 points, 5.0 rebounds, 7.8 assist and 2.5 steals. Young Led Minot to the second best record in the League. He has since signed with a team from the Dominican Republic where he played for the team in the finals.[http://www.minotskyrockets.com/news/jitim_domrep.shtml] He will play the 2007–08 for MAFC Budapest in the Hungary League.
In 2012-13 Young worked as color commentary for WGN Radio covering Northwestern University basketball games. He is in the process of completing his first book Monologues Of A Good Man. 

</doc>
<doc id="5935004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935004" title="Rancho San Antonio">
Rancho San Antonio

Rancho San Antonio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935007" title="Durgapur Steel Plant">
Durgapur Steel Plant

Durgapur Steel Plant () is one of the integrated steel plants of Steel Authority of India Limited, located in Durgapur, in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal. It has played a historically important part in the industrial development of India. Although not a separate company, it is the largest industrial unit in the state of West Bengal.. It is the first Ingot(1960) producing steel plant in India. Apart from it its the only steel plant in India which produces train wheels for all passenger cars which includes Rajdhani, Shatabdi Express.
History.
Set up in the late 50's with assistance from United Kingdom and of initial annual capacity of one million tonnes of crude steel per year, the capacity of Durgapur Steel Plant (DSP) was later expanded to 1.6 million tonnes in the mid-'60's. A massive modernization programme was undertaken in the plant in early 90's, which, while bringing numerous technological developments in the plant, enhanced the capacity of the plant to 2.088 million tonnes of hot metal,1.8 million tonnes crude steel and 1.586 million tonnes saleable steel. The entire plant is covered under ISO 9001: 2008 QMS, ISO 14001:2004 EMS, OHSAS 18001:2007, SA 8000:2008 and ISO 27001:2005 ISMS management systems.
The modernized DSP now has state-of –the-art technology for quality steel making. The modernized units have brought about improved productivity, substantial improvement in energy conservation and better quality products. DSP’s Steel Making complex and the entire mills zone, comprising its Blooming & Billet Mill, Merchant Mill, Skelp Mill, Section Mill and Wheel & Axle Plant, are covered under ISO 9001: 2008 quality assurance certification.
With the successful commissioning of the modernized units, DSP is all set to produce 2.088 million tones of hot metal, 1.8 million tones of crude steel and 1.586 million tones of saleable steel annually.
Product Mix Tonnes/Annum.
Forged wheels are especially made here; in October 2010, DSP licensed technology from the Ukrainian manufacturer Interpipe which would allow it to make 955mm monobloc wheels.
Location.
Situated at a distance of 158 km from kolkata, its geographical location is defined as 23° 27' North and 88° 29' East. It is situated on the banks of the Damodar River in the Bardhaman District. The Grand Trunk Rd and the main kolkata-Delhi railway line pass through Durgapur.
Environment control.
Durgapur Steel Plant has made relentless efforts to maintaining a healthy and clean environment. The units in DSP have the necessary pollution control facilities.
DSP has undertaken massive afforestation to maintain clean environment. Some 1,266 acres of land have been covered with 14 lakh plantations. In order to develop healthy awareness about the environment amongst the younger generation, Eco-clubs have been formed in DSP schools.
Centre for Human Resource Development.
DSP has always attached maximum importance on proper training and development of its employees. Its Centre for Human Resource Development has all modern facilities including the state-of-the-art Electrical and Electronics laboratory, Hydraulics and Pneumatics laboratory and workshop for effective training and development of its employees.
Communication.
The Public Relations Department publishes monthly house journals in English, Bengali and Hindi for extensive information of company affairs to the employees. DSP also has an in-house TV studio (DSTV) along with all modern facilities, which telecast news and a gamut of other programs covering various aspects of plant and township activities.

</doc>
<doc id="5935022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935022" title="We Only Love You">
We Only Love You

We Only Love You is Halou's 1998 debut album.

</doc>
<doc id="5935033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935033" title="Silas H. Jennison">
Silas H. Jennison

Silas Hemenway Jennison (May 17, 1791 – September 30, 1849) was an American Whig politician, 
Biography.
Jennison was born in Shoreham, Vermont to Levi Jennison and Ruth Hemenway. He helped his mother run the farm which his father had cleared and attended the local schools sporadically and had some private tutoring. He learned surveying which he pursued throughout his political career. He married Marilla Hanks Bush on May 3, 1814 and they had five children; Lurana Sandford, Levi, Ruth, Sara Cary and Laura Louisa. 
Career.
Jennison was a member of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1829 to 1835. He was an Addison County Court Judge from and a member of the State Executive Council from 1829 to 1835. He was elected the ninth Lieutenant Governor of Vermont. In the 1835 Governor's race, after 63 inconclusive votes, the legislators decided to let the newly elected Lieutenant Governor act as Governor until the next election. 
The first native-born Governor of Vermont, Jennison was the 14th Governor of Vermont from 1835 to 1841.
In 1837, the incumbent Vermont State Treasurer, Augustine Clarke, failed to receive the majority of votes required by the Vermont Constitution. In such cases, the Vermont General Assembly is empowered to elect a candidate. The legislature was split between Anti-Masons, Whigs and Democrats, failed to choose a winner. Jennison, an Anti-Mason who had run with Whig support, then appointed Allen Wardner, an Anti-Mason. Wardner served until 1838.
He declined reelection in 1840 and moved to the office of Judge of Probate in 1841 and served there until 1847. 
Jennison was a delegate to the Constitutional Convention in 1843. The Addison County Agricultural Society was organized on January 22, 1844, and Jennison was the first president.
Death.
After protracted sickness and suffering, Jennison died on September 30, 1849 in Shoreham, Vermont. He is interred at Jenison Cemetery, Shoreham, Vermont. 

</doc>
<doc id="5935039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935039" title="Lee Thorpe">
Lee Thorpe

Lee Anthony Thorpe (born 14 December 1975) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward from 1994 to 2011.
He made over 400 appearances, in a career spanning 18 years, in the Football League with Blackpool, Lincoln City, Leyton Orient, Grimsby Town, Bristol Rovers, Swansea City, Peterborough United, Torquay United, Rochdale and Darlington. Whilst with Blackpool, he also had a spell with Welsh Premier League side Bangor, and later finished his career in Non-league football with Fleetwood Town and AFC Fylde.
Career.
Thorpe was born in Wolverhampton and began his career as a trainee with Blackpool, turning professional in July 1994. He joined Bangor on loan in September 1995, scoring once in three games during his loan spell.
After failing to establish himself at Blackpool, he was allowed to leave, joining Lincoln City on a free transfer in August 1997. He had a successful time at Sincil Bank, scoring 57 times in 192 league games, before moving to Leyton Orient on a free transfer in May 2002. He joined Grimsby Town on loan in February 2004, having been placed on the transfer list and told his contract would not be renewed in the summer. He moved to Bristol Rovers on a free transfer the following month.
In February 2005 he joined Swansea City, initially on loan, but signing on a free transfer a week later. He played a role in their promotion to Football League One. The next season he was loaned out to Peterborough United in October 2005 and Torquay United on loan in February 2006. He remained at Torquay on loan for the remainder of the season, playing first under John Cornforth and then under Ian Atkins as Torquay successfully fought off relegation to the Conference. On 25 April 2006, Thorpe scored a fantastic overhead kick in a 4–0 win over Stockport County; in November 2012 it was named as Torquay's best goal of all time by FourFourTwo magazine.
He signed for Torquay United on a free transfer in May 2006, one of Ian Atkins' first signings after confirming himself as manager for the following season. Although he has played most of his career as a centre-forward, Thorpe also played as a central defender when required at Torquay. He was still under contract when Torquay were relegated to the Conference National, but left 'by mutual consent' on 27 June 2007. He signed a two-year contract with Brentford on 3 July 2007. He was sent off on his debut for Brentford after 45 minutes for a serious foul.
After losing his place in the Brentford first eleven under new manager Andy Scott, Thorpe joined Rochdale on a free transfer on 31 January 2008. He scored his first goal for his new club against his former club in a 2–0 win at Griffin Park.
He joined Darlington in 2009, and was released in March 2010, joining Fleetwood Town completing a move back to the Fylde coast where he began his career at Blackpool.
During his period at Fleetwood, he scored the winning goal in Town's 2–1 win over Alfreton Town in Conference North Play-off Final 2010.
He was not offered a new contract at the end of the 2010/11 season and was released, along with a number of other players. 
In July 2011 he agreed to join A.F.C. Fylde, signing a one-year contract with the club.
Thorpe was released by Fylde in December 2011, having been left out of more recent matchday squads due to budget issues as he was "one of the bigger earners" at the club. In total, Thorpe had made 13 appearances for the club, scoring 7 goals.
After his release by Fylde, Thorpe stated that he was planning to retire from playing football to focus on coaching. He is now an under-13s coach at Blackpool.

</doc>
<doc id="5935045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935045" title="Lauscha">
Lauscha

Lauscha is a town in the district of Sonneberg, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 13 km north of Sonneberg, and 24 km southwest of Saalfeld. It became known for its glassblowing.
Geography.
Lauscha is located in the mountain range of the Thüringer Schiefergebirge. The town is nestled into the steep valley of a tributary of the river Steinach just below the ridge of the mountain chain, the well-known Rennsteig. The main train station in Lauscha is 611 m above sealevel, the Pappenheimer Berg, the highest mountain within the town limits rises up to 834,5 m above sealevel.
Neighbouring towns.
Immediate neighbours are the following towns and villages:
Topography.
The town and valley of Lauscha get their name from the stream, which was first mentioned as 'lutzscha' in 1366. Clean water is one of the requirements for making glass, the others being the availability of sand (from a nearby quarry in Steinheid), natron, potash and a sufficient supply of timber.
In former times there were five mills which all have been long closed. However, some of them continue to live on in the placenames Obermühle, Wiesleinsmmühle and Göritzmühle.
Since the completion of the rail connection and the road from Steinach to Neuhaus at the turn of the 20th century, the Lauscha river is largely confined to an underground channel. Before that the connection roads were restricted to the slopes because of the swampy ground of the valley. This can still be read in names of roads like 'Alter Weg' and 'Alte Chausee'.
Typically for the Thüringer Schiefergebirge, broad and almost level mountain tops surround a deeply carved-in valley.

</doc>
<doc id="5935048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935048" title="Nanjizal">
Nanjizal

Nanjizal (or Mill Bay) is a beach and cove situated one mile to the south-east of Land's End, Cornwall, UK. Nanjizal has no direct access via road and is usually reached via the South West Coast Path by walking from Land's End, and so is often very quiet. Nanjizal is also a noted bird watching location.
Nanjizal can vary from a beautiful sandy beach to a stony cove—all at the whim of the sea. It faces due west out to the Atlantic. To the south is the 'Song of the Sea' (Zawn Pyg), where the sea has worn through a tall narrow passageway from the cove to the ocean. Inside the cove are large rockpools with many types of sea anemones and seaweeds. To the north is a distinctive rock close to the cliff known as the 'Diamond Horse'. There are also a number of other caves further round the beach.
The Doctor Who episode "The Smugglers" was filmed here on 19 Jun 1966; in it "The TARDIS" materialises on a beach. 
The wreck of the steam ship "The City of Cardiff" lies at the foot of the cliffs towards Lands End. It was wrecked on 21 March 1912 and the skeleton can be seen at low tide.

</doc>
<doc id="5935050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935050" title="2005 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup">
2005 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup

The 2005 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup ran from June through September, 2005, open to all soccer teams in the United States.
The Los Angeles Galaxy won their second Open Cup championship with a 1-0 victory over FC Dallas at the Home Depot Center in Carson, California. 
Although two Major League Soccer sides played in the final, the tournament featured several runs by underdogs. The Des Moines Menace of the Premier Development League beat two USL First Division teams to reach the Fourth Round. The Minnesota Thunder of the USL First Division beat three MLS teams in succession to reach the semifinals. The Rochester Raging Rhinos continued to play to record crowds and beat the MetroStars before losing in a shootout to the Chicago Fire. Four of the tournament's final 15 games went to overtime.
Open Cup Bracket.
"Home teams listed on top of bracket"
Schedule.
Note: Scorelines use the standard U.S. convention of placing the home team on the right-hand side of box scores.
Qualifying round.
Teams from USASA and PDL start.
First round.
Teams from USASA, PDL, and USL-2.
Second round.
Four USL-1 and four USL-2 teams enter.
Third round.
Four USL-1 and four MLS teams enter.

</doc>
<doc id="5935063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935063" title="Siren (play)">
Siren (play)

Siren is a 1990 play by Australian playwright David Williamson.

</doc>
<doc id="5935064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935064" title="Rob Patterson">
Rob Patterson

Rob Patterson (born November 9, 1970 in Natick, Massachusetts) is an American guitarist.
Background.
Patterson's first major band was the metal, female-fronted Otep. He wrote and played on the albums, "Sevas Tra", "House of Secrets" and "Smash the Control Machine".
He replaced Brian "Head" Welch on guitar for Korn from July 2005-March 2008
Patterson is a DJ that plays Rock, Hip-Hop, Dance, House and more and has been seen playing guitar at the same time as he spins.
As of April 2008, Patterson was engaged to Carmen Electra.
He is also one of the characters in the book "Sex Tips from Rock Stars" by Paul Miles that was published by Omnibus Press in July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5935068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935068" title="Uriel (poem)">
Uriel (poem)

"Uriel" is a poem by Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Overview.
The poem, describing the "lapse" of Uriel, is regarded as a "poetic summary of many strains of thought in Emerson's early philosophy".
"Once, among the Pleiads walking,
Sayd overheard the young gods talking;
And the treason, too long pent,
To his ears was evident.
The young deities discussed
Laws of form, and metre just,
Orb, quintessence, and sunbeams."
The leader of the speculating young is Uriel, who with "low tones" and "piercing eye" preaches against the presence of lines in nature, thus introducing the idea of progress and the eternal return. A shudder runs through the sky at these words, and "all slid to confusion".
Some commentators (for example Whicher) have speculated that the poem is autobiographical, inspired by Emerson's shock at the unfavorable reception of the Divinity School Address.
F. O. Matthiessen focused instead on the philosophical content of the poem, arguing that "the conflict between the angel-doctrine of 'line' and Uriel's doctrine of 'round' is identical to the antithesis of 'Understanding' and 'Reason' which, under different aspects, was the burden of most of Emerson's early essays" (74). The topic of lines and circles has also been discussed by Sherman Paul (18-23 for lines and 98-102 for circles).
Robert Frost called "Uriel", "the greatest Western poem yet" (in "On Emerson"). He also alluded to it in "A Masque of Reason" and "Build Soil".
Poem.
<poem>It fell in the ancient periods
Which the brooding soul surveys,
Or ever the wild Time coined itself
Into calendar months and days.
This was the lapse of Uriel,
Which in Paradise befell.
Once, among the Pleiads walking,
Seyd overheard the young gods talking;
And the treason, too long pent,
To his ears was evident.
The young deities discussed
Laws of form, and meter just,
Orb, quintessence, and sunbeams,
What subsisteth, and what seems.
One, with low tones that decide,
And doubt and reverend use defied,
With a look that solved the sphere,
And stirred the devils everywhere,
Gave his sentiment divine
Against the being of a line.
"Line in nature is not found;
Unit and universe are round;
In vain produced, all rays return;
Evil will bless, and ice will burn."
As Uriel spoke with piercing eye,
A shudder ran around the sky;
The stern old war-gods shook their heads,
The seraphs frowned from myrtle-beds;
Seemed to the holy festival
The rash word boded ill to all;
The balance-beam of Fate was bent;
The bounds of good and ill were rent;
Strong Hades could not keep his own,
But all slid to confusion. 
A sad self-knowledge, withering, fell
On the beauty of Uriel;
In heaven once eminent, the god
Withdrew, that hour, into his cloud;
Whether doomed to long gyration
In the sea of generation,
Or by knowledge grown too bright
To hit the nerve of feebler sight.
Straightway, a forgetting wind
Stole over the celestial kind,
And their lips the secret kept,
If in ashes the fire-seed slept.
But now and then, truth-speaking things
Shamed the angels' veiling wings;
And, shrilling from the solar course,
Or from fruit of chemic force,
Procession of a soul in matter, 
Or the speeding change of water,
Or out of the good of evil born,
Came Uriel's voice of cherub scorn,
And a blush tinged the upper sky,
And the gods shook, they knew not why.</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="5935073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935073" title="Sans Soucie">
Sans Soucie

Sans Soucie is a compilation of non-album tracks by Halou.
Track information.
Track three, "Half-Gifts", is a cover of the Cocteau Twins song, originally found on their 1996 album Milk and Kisses.

</doc>
<doc id="5935080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935080" title="Terry Yake">
Terry Yake

Terry Donald Yake (born October 22, 1968 in New Westminster, British Columbia) is a Canadian ice hockey centre and right wing who played for the Hartford Whalers, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Toronto Maple Leafs, St. Louis Blues, and Washington Capitals. 
After three years with the Brandon Wheat Kings in the Western Hockey League, Yake was drafted by the Hartford Whalers in the 4th round, 81st overall in the 1987 NHL Entry Draft. Yake then returned to the Wheat Kings for one more season, scoring 140 points in 72 games.
The 1988–1989 season saw Yake make his professional debut, appearing in 75 games with the Binghamton Whalers of the American Hockey League while also making his NHL debut with the Hartford Whalers, appearing in two games. The next three seasons saw Yake do much of the same; he played the majority of his time in the minors while playing sparingly with Whalers, most notably with the Springfield Indians, for whom Yake scored 77 points in 60 games in 1991 to help lead the Indians to their seventh and final Calder Cup championship.
The 1992–1993 season was a breakout year for Yake. He appeared in 66 games with the Whalers and scored an NHL career high 53 points. The 1993–1994 season saw Yake enjoy another solid season. He was claimed by the newly formed Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and was the team's leading scorer for their inaugural season, scoring 52 points. He scored Anaheim's first hat trick, and the feat came in the team's first road game, against the New York Rangers.
Despite leading the team in points, the Mighty Ducks traded Yake to the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1994. His tenure with the Maple Leafs was short lived, however. He appeared in only 19 games the whole year and would not see action in the NHL again until 1997. Yake signed with the Buffalo Sabres in 1996 and played the whole year with the Rochester Americans, scoring 101 points in 78 games.
This play allowed for Yake to sign with the St. Louis Blues in 1997. With the Blues he was able to regain a regular spot in the NHL again. He played 2 full years with the Blues, scoring 25 and 27 points respectively. the 1999–2000 season saw Yake play 26 games with the Blues before being traded to the Washington Capitals, where he appeared in another 35 games. For the 2000–2001 season Yake played in 12 games with the Capitals, playing the majority of the year with the Portland Pirates.
Starting in the 2001–2002 season, Yake played three years in the DEL in Germany. Yake then moved to Switzerland's Nationalliga B, where he remained active through the 2009 season. He was named the player-coach of Lausanne HC of the Nationalliga B in 2008, but was fired in the fall of 2009.
He currently lives in St Louis with his wife and two daughters and runs a meat distribution business. Since 2011, Yake has played for the South East Prairie Thunder, a senior 'AAA' team based in Manitoba, and was a member of their 2012 Allan Cup championship team.

</doc>
<doc id="5935083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935083" title="Gianni Garko">
Gianni Garko

Gianni Garko (born Giovanni Garcovich July 15, 1935 in Zadar (then part of Italy) 
and often billed as John Garko) is an Italian actor who found much fame as a leading man in Spaghetti Westerns. He is perhaps best known for his lead role as Sartana, starting with the first official film "If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death" and starring in three sequels as this character.
Early life and career.
Garko moved from Zadar to Trieste, and later Rome to attend University and Drama School. His first prominent film role was a small but important part in the Oscar nominated Kapò (1959). He continued to play parts in several Italian productions including sword and sandal epics such as "The Mongols" and "Mole Men Against the Son of Hercules". His big break came when he had a role in "Il Compagno Don Camillo" (1965).
Spaghetti Western Era.
Garko became an instant breakout star in Europe in 1966 in the successful Spaghetti Western starring alongside Anthony Steffen in Blood at Sundown. In this movie, he played an antagonist named Sartana. He would later play an unrelated protagonist named Sartana in the famous Sartana series of films. Other notable westerns he starred in were $10,000 Blood Money (1967) as an unofficial Django, Vengeance is Mine/$100,000 for a Massacre (1967), They Call Him Cemetery (1971) alongside William Berger as well as a supporting role in Bad Man's River with Lee Van Cleef. During this time he had achieved considerable fame in Germany, Italy, and Spain. Outside of the western genre, Garko starred in Five for Hell (1969) with frequent co-star Klaus Kinski, a small role in "Waterloo" as the brave and energetic French artillery commander Antoine Drouot, and The Heroes, both with Rod Steiger. He also starred in a highly memorable episode of in 1975.
Post Spaghetti Western Career.
Like many of his contemporaries, his star diminished as Spaghetti Western genre began to decline. He was still able to get roles in several successful Giallo movies, sex comedies, and Poliziotteschi movies. Among these are "Il Boss" (1971), "Sette note in nero" (1977 with Jennifer O'Neill, "Gli occhi freddi della paura" (1971), "Hercules" (1983 with Lou Ferrigno).
After appearing in "" as Tony Cellini in the episode "Dragon's Domain", starting in the 80's Garko concentrated more on television, theatre, and TV commercials as quality roles in film became fewer and farther in between. Popular in Europe but little known in America, in an interview, Garko mentioned that he had turned down the lead role in "Pretty Baby" (1978 with Brooke Shields).
To this day, Garko has amassed a sizeable cult following of fans for being one of the premiere leading men of Spaghetti Westerns back in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="5935106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935106" title="Plantaže">
Plantaže

Plantaže (; MNSE: PLAP) is Montenegrin wine and grape brandy producer.
Overview.
"AD Plantaže", a joint stock company presently incorporated into Holding company "Agrokombinat 13 jul", is the biggest Montenegrin viticultural and winemaking company, and one of the biggest companies in Montenegro overall. The company is based in the Montenegrin capital of Podgorica.
It was founded in 1963, and deals with the production of wine and table grapes, peach, production and distribution of wine and grape brandies, fish farming, catering and retail trade. The most important segment of the company is related to the production of grapes and wine, and it owns one of the largest vineyards in Europe with over surface, covered with more than 11 million grapevines. The vineyards are situated in the "Ćemovsko polje", a flat and sunny area located south of Podgorica.
AD Plantaže is one of the largest producers of grapes and wine in the region, with an annual production of wine grapes close to 22 million kg, and 17 million bottles sold annually. The company exports its products to over 30 countries, and is the market leader in its sector in the Balkans region.

</doc>
<doc id="5935115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935115" title="Dempster–Skokie (CTA station)">
Dempster–Skokie (CTA station)

Dempster–Skokie, formerly known as Dempster, or Skokie, is a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's 'L' system, on the Yellow Line at 5005 W. Dempster Street in Skokie, Illinois (directional coordinates 8800 north, 5000 west). It is one of three stops on the Yellow Line, and currently the northern/western terminus of line, although an extension of the line beyond Dempster has been considered. It is one of two CTA rail stations in Skokie, and is at grade level.
History.
The station was originally constructed in 1925 as part of a new high-speed bypass route for the North Shore Line known as the Skokie Valley Route. Trains of the Chicago Rapid Transit Company's Niles Center Route also used this station as a terminal until that service was ended by the CTA in 1948. The North Shore Line ceased operating in early 1963, but the CTA instated a new service the following year which served a 'temporary' station on the same location. This service was known as the Skokie Swift and is now called the Yellow Line.
The current stationhouse has been in place since 1994. The original stationhouse, known as Dempster Street Station, is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places and stands 130 feet east of its original location, moved at a cost of $1 million in order to make space for the new station and its parking lot. The original station house is currently occupied by a Starbucks coffee shop and a law office; the Starbucks also has a drive-thru lane. The former station's address is 5001 W. Dempster Street.
Service.
The station houses bus stops for Pace buses and was once the Greyhound bus Skokie terminal. However, Greyhound discontinued service to Skokie in 2012.
On June 8, 2011, the Chicago Transit Board authorized the renaming of the Skokie station to "Dempster–Skokie". This was done concurrently with the announcement of the "Oakton–Skokie" name for the infill station at Oakton.
Skokie Shop.
In addition to the Skokie station, a maintenance depot also exists in Skokie. It opened in 1926 and was rebuilt in 1994 at the same time as the station. It is located at halfway between Skokie and Howard. Even if it is fairly eccentric towards the rest of the network, all maintenance activities are present in the Skokie Shop including two specialties: the electrical wiring and electronic train sets as well as a bodywork and painting workshop. The trains are not stored here since the nearby Howard Yard has them stored there.
Location.
Dempster-Skokie is located at 5005 West Dempster Street near Dempster Street and Skokie Boulevard. It lies in the village 
of Skokie, Illinois, which borders Chicago at its southwest corner and Evanston to its east. Dempster-Skokie is one of the two 'L' stations to serve the village of Skokie, the other one is Oakton-Skokie.
Bus connections.
CTA Buses 
Pace Buses

</doc>
<doc id="5935124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935124" title="Philippine Ballet Theatre">
Philippine Ballet Theatre

The Philippine Ballet Theatre is the pre-eminent classical ballet company in the Philippines. The Philippine Ballet Theatre was founded in 1987 out of an alliance of leading dance groups; it quickly won recognition as a resident ballet company of the Cultural Center of the Philippines.
The Philippine Ballet Theatre pursues the goal of bringing the art of dance to the general appreciation of Filipino audiences. With its concurrent preservation of the classical story ballets, such as "Swan Lake", "Giselle", "The Nutcracker", and Raymonda, PBT also launches contemporary ballets like "Carmina Burana" by David Campos and "Daughters of Mourning" by Jean Paul Comelin. The company has travelled in national and international tours presenting its Filipino and Western repertoire.

</doc>
<doc id="5935127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935127" title="Belinda Ang">
Belinda Ang

Belinda Ang Saw Ean () is a Singaporean judge in the Supreme Court. Ang was first appointed Judicial Commissioner in February 2002, and Judge in January 2003. Prior to these appointments, she was a lawyer and held the title of Senior Counsel (appointed in 1998). She is a member of the Senate and Executive Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law, and Chairperson of the Singapore Mediation Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="5935134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935134" title="Wiser (album)">
Wiser (album)

Wiser is the second album by Halou.

</doc>
<doc id="5935135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935135" title="Sanctuary (play)">
Sanctuary (play)

Sanctuary is a 1994 play by Australian playwright David Williamson.
Summary.
"Sanctuary" is a two act play set in the Gold Coast retreat belonging to retired Australian foreign correspondent Robert 'Bob' King (Late 40's). Mr King has lived a full life of charismatic success in the USA reporting on stories from all around the world. His integrity comes under scrutiny in the play by its only other character, John Alderston (25), a student about to publish King's biography. John harbours a deep hatred for King because of his dishonesty throughout his career and failure to report on four major genocides. 
It becomes apparent that through John's research he has compiled an account of King's life, and seeks to hold him accountable for unquestionable serving the American and International mass media. He argues that King sold himself out to Governments for cash, telling selected stories the way he was instructed to. He also mistreated his various wives and ignored larger world issues for the sake of his own success.
Williamson chiefly refers to Guatemala, East Timor, El Salvador and Cambodia as illustrations, but the focus is alway on King's integrity and how he let those stories go untold.
John's character is seen to become more and more complex as King probes back, uncovering a history of parental neglect and sexual abuse, which appears to be the sewing of John's hatred long ago. As the story unfolds violent arguments beak out and result in a savage beating, in which John temporarily blinds Bob at the end of the first act. the second act is composed of similar arguments as each challenges each other's true values. 
Bob gives a good account of his life and attempts to pardon himself, while John (panicking over possible jail time for the assault) refuses to call emergency help for Bob (still blind). In the end Bob convinces John to call an ambulance, before another violent outburst sends John into a psychotic frenzy, in which he beats Bob to death with a ceramic sculpture.
The result is a thorough dissection of the shortcomings of the mass media, a detailed explanation of several world issues which had gone falsely reported or not reported at all, and a remotely humorous argument between two deeply disturbed people.
Film.
The play was filmed in the 1990s. Its setting was changed from the Gold Coast to Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="5935144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935144" title="Der Half-Machine 10&quot;">
Der Half-Machine 10&quot;

Der Half-Machine is a two track EP by electronic artist The Juan MacLean, formerly of Six Finger Satellite. It was released on DFA Records in March 2005. It was meant as a preview of the upcoming full length album Less Than Human. Neither of these tracks were released on the Less Than Human album but are both available on the DFA Compilation, Vol. 2.

</doc>
<doc id="5935145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935145" title="Kota Darul Naim">
Kota Darul Naim

Kota Darul Naim is Kelantan's state secretariat building complex. It is located in Kota Bharu, Malaysia

</doc>
<doc id="5935150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935150" title="Warnier/Orr diagram">
Warnier/Orr diagram

A Warnier/Orr diagram (also known as a logical construction of a program/system) is a kind of hierarchical flowchart that allow the description of the organization of data and procedures. They were initially developed in France by Jean-Dominique Warnier and in the United States by Kenneth Orr. This method aids the design of program structures by identifying the output and processing results and then working backwards to determine the steps and combinations of input needed to produce them. The simple graphic method used in Warnier/Orr diagrams makes the levels in the system evident and the movement of the data between them vivid.
Basic Elements.
Warnier/Orr diagrams show the processes and sequences in which they are performed. Each process is defined in a hierarchical manner i.e. it consists of sets of subprocesses, that define it. At each level, the process is shown in bracket that groups its components.
Since a process can have many different subprocesses, Warnier/Orr diagram uses a set of brackets to show each level of the system. Critical factors in s/w definition and development are iteration or repetition and alteration. Warnier/Orr diagrams show this very well.
Using Warnier/Orr diagrams.
To develop a Warnier/Orr diagram, the analyst works backwards, starting with systems output and using output oriented analysis. On paper, the development moves from right to left. First, the intended output or results of the processing are defined. At the next level, shown by inclusion with a bracket, the steps needed to produce the output are defined. Each step in turn is further defined. Additional brackets group the processes required to produce the result on the next level.
Warnier/Orr diagram offer some distinct advantages to systems experts. They are simple in appearance and easy to understand. Yet they are powerful design tools. They have advantage of showing groupings of processes and the data that must be passed from level to level. In addition, the sequence of working backwards ensures that the system will be result oriented. This method is useful for both data and process definition. It can be used for each independently, or both can be combined on the same diagram.
Constructs in Warnier/Orr diagrams.
There are four basic constructs used on Warnier/Orr diagrams: hierarchy, sequence, repetition, and alternation. There are also two slightly more advanced concepts that are occasionally needed: concurrency and recursion.
Hierarchy.
Hierarchy is the most fundamental of all of the Warnier/Orr constructs. It is simply a nested group of sets and subsets shown as a set of nested brackets. Each bracket on the diagram (depending on how you represent it, the character is usually more like a brace "{" than a bracket "[", but we call them "brackets") represents one level of hierarchy. The hierarchy or structure that is represented on the diagram can show the organization of data or processing. However, both data and processing are never shown on the same diagram.
Sequence.
Sequence is the simplest structure to show on a Warnier/Orr diagram. Within one level of hierarchy, the features listed are shown in the order in which they occur. In other words, the step listed first is the first that will be executed (if the diagram reflects a process), while the step listed last is the last that will be executed. Similarly with data, the data field listed first is the first that is encountered when looking at the data, the data field listed last is the final one encountered.
Repetition.
Repetition is the representation of a classic "loop" in programming terms. It occurs whenever the same set of data occurs over and over again (for a data structure) or whenever the same group of actions is to occur over and over again (for a processing structure). Repetition is indicated by placing a set of numbers inside parentheses beneath the repeating set.
Typically there are two numbers listed in the parentheses, representing the fewest and the most number of times the set will repeat. By convention the first letter of the repeating set is the letter chosen to represent the maximum.
While the minimum bound and maximum bound can technically be anything, they are most often either "(1,n)" as in the example, or "(0,n)." When used to depict processing, the "(1,n)" repetition is classically known as a "DoUntil" loop, while the "(0,n)" repetition is called a "DoWhile" loop. On the Warnier/Orr diagram, however, there is no distinction between the two different types of repetition, other than the minimum bound value.
On occasion, the minimum and maximum bound are predefined and not likely to change: for instance the set "Day" occurs within the set "Month" from 28 to 31 times (since the smallest month has 28 days, the largest months, 31). This is not likely to change. And on occasion, the minimum and maximum are fixed at the same number.
In general, though, it is a bad idea to "hard code" a constant other than "0" or "1" in a number of times clause—the design should be flexible enough to allow for changes in the number of times without changes to the design. For instance, if a company has 38 employees at the time a design is done, hard coding a "38" as the "number of employees" within company would certainly not be as flexible as designing "(1,n)".
The number of times clause is always an operator attached to some set (i.e., the name of some bracket), and is never attached to an element (a diagram feature which does not decompose into smaller features). The reason for this will become more apparent as we continue to work with the diagrams. For now, you will have to accept this as a formation rule for a correct diagram.
Alternation.
Alternation, or selection, is the traditional "decision" process whereby a determination is made to execute one process or another. The Exclusive OR symbol (the plus sign inside the circle) indicates that the sets immediately above and below it are mutually exclusive (if one is present the other is not). This diagram indicates that an Employee is either Management or Non-Management, one Employee cannot be both. It is also permissible to use a "negation bar" above an alternative in a manner similar to engineering notation. The bar is read by simply using the word "not".
Alternatives do not have to be binary as in the previous examples, but may be many-way alternatives.
Concurrency.
Concurrency is one of the two advanced constructs used in the methodology. It is used whenever sequence is unimportant. For instance, years and weeks operate concurrently (or at the same time) within our calendar. The concurrency operator is rarely used in program design (since most languages do not support true concurrent processing anyway), but does come into play when resolving logical and physical data structure clashes.
Recursion.
Recursion is the least used of the constructs. It is used to indicate that a set contains an earlier or a less ordered version of itself. In the classic "bill of materials" problem components contain parts and other sub-components. Sub-components also contain sub-sub-components, and so on. The doubled bracket indicates that the set is recursive. Data structures that are truly recursive are rather rare.

</doc>
<doc id="5935156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935156" title="Rally Ireland">
Rally Ireland

Rally Ireland was a new addition to the FIA World Rally Championship (WRC) calendar in 2007. It was not part of the 2008 schedule, but returned as the First round of the championship in 2009. The North-South event is the largest sporting occasion on the island of Ireland with over 250,000 spectators and a TV audience in 180 countries. As part of the WRC rotation Rally Ireland is not part of the 2010 season but was expected to figure in 2011. However, on 19 February 2010 North One Sport the WRC promoter, announced that Rally Ireland would not be awarded a place on the 2011 calendar.
Stage locations.
The 2007 event took place between 15 and 18 November 2007, starting with the "Super Special Stage" in the grounds of the Stormont Parliament Buildings on the outskirts of Belfast, County Down.
The remainder of the event was based in the north-west of Ireland in the counties of Sligo, Fermanagh, Donegal, Leitrim, Tyrone, Roscommon and Cavan.
Organisation structure.
"Rally Ireland" is organised by Motorsport Ireland. The event itself joined the WRC in 2007 when it was won by reigning World Champions Sébastien Loeb and Daniel Elena in a Citroën C4. The rally is managed by Event Director John Naylor while the Clerk of the Course is Gordon Noble.
A steering committee which is charged with developing the event is in place. This committee is chaired by Austin Frazer and includes representative of Motorsport Ireland (MI) and The Association of Northern Ireland Car Clubs (ANICC).
Rally Ireland received strong government support from both sides of the border. It continues a long tradition of cross-border rallying in Ireland, which dates back to the early years of the Circuit of Ireland Rally in the 1930s.
Surface.
The Rally was held on asphalt concrete, which was very wavy and slippery due to the humidly Irish weather, what makes this character being similar to the "Rally Monte Carlo" (with exception of snow). This character had even marked a high retirement-rate in this rally.

</doc>
<doc id="5935159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935159" title="James Creek Marina">
James Creek Marina

James Creek Marina is located at the confluence of the Anacostia River, the Washington Channel, and the Potomac River. The marina is located directly east of Fort McNair in Washington, D.C. (Southwest). It is situated between the National Defense University at Fort McNair and the headquarters of the United States Coast Guard. The marina grounds are on National Park Service land. James Creek Marina is located 95 miles (by water) from the Chesapeake Bay. There are 297 wet slips that can accommodate vessels from 16 to 160+ feet. The docks are wooden floating structures with fingerpiers. Entrance to each dock is limited to James Creek Marina guests and visitors. Coded locks guard each entrance. James Creek has a winter de-icing system in place. Pumps keep the marina water in motion so that ice does not form during the colder months. The marina has a gas station with 89-octane unleaded, diesel, two-cycle oil and a pumpout. The marina grounds have a sand volleyball court, picnic tables, grills, restrooms, and parking.

</doc>
<doc id="5935164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935164" title="International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation">
International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation

The International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation (IBJJF) is an organization that hosts several of the biggest Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ) tournaments in the world, including the World Jiu-Jitsu Championship, Nogi World Jiu-Jitsu Championship, Pan Jiu-Jitsu Championship and European Open Jiu-Jitsu Championship. The federation was created by Carlos Gracie, Jr., who is the head of one of the largest Brazilian jiu-jitsu associations, Gracie Barra. The IBJJF is directly connected to Confederação Brasileira de Jiu-Jitsu, sharing its rules and regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="5935168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935168" title="Wisma Darul Iman">
Wisma Darul Iman

Wisma Darul Iman is Terengganu's state secretariat building. It is located in Kuala Terengganu. It locates among others the offices of Terengganu Menteri Besar, State Secretary, and is the home of Terengganu State Legislative Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="5935169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935169" title="Juan Miguel Mercado">
Juan Miguel Mercado

Juan Miguel Mercado Martín (born 7 July 1978 in Armilla, Granada) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer who turned professional with Vitalicio Seguros in 1998. At the Tour de France, Mercado won Stage 18 at the 2004 Tour and captured a surprise win on Stage 10 (the first mountain stage) of the 2006 Tour de France in an early breakaway with Cyril Dessel (Ag2r Prévoyance).

</doc>
<doc id="5935171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935171" title="Linjesender">
Linjesender

A linjesender (English: "line transmitter") was a low power longwave transmitter used for broadcasting in Norway. It consisted of a power line communication system, which fed the radio programme on a frequency in the longwave broadcasting range into an overhead electric power transmission line.
Because Norway has many mountains, there are large spans of power lines quite high above the ground. In such regions, the power line served as antenna for the linjesender.
The last linjesender in Norway was shut down in 1987 although the Swiss counterpart survived another ten years.
Features.
The typical powers used by linjesenders were between 250 watts and 2 kW. Most systems used frequencies in the longwave band or in between the LW and MW band although some used medium wave or frequencies below the standard LW band which required special receivers.
Wired broadcasting had several advantages over conventional broadcasting: 
On the other hand there were practical and economic difficulties in extending such services to remote or thinly populated regions. Wired broadcasting could also be used by governments as a tool of censorship through promoting ownership of wire-only receivers which couldn't receive foreign stations.
Similar systems.
Similar systems were used in Germany, where it was called "Drahtfunk" ("wire radio") and in Switzerland, where it was called "Telefonrundspruch" ("telephone broadcast") and used telephone lines.
In the 1930s some towns in Great Britain used wire broadcasting experimentally either over dedicated cables (sometimes as baseband audio) or on power lines. However as the coverage of conventional broadcast stations improved the popularity of these "radio relay" or "rediffusion" systems waned.

</doc>
<doc id="5935173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935173" title="Webattacker">
Webattacker

Webattacker is a do-it-yourself malware creation kit that includes scripts that simplify the task of infecting computers and spam-sending techniques to lure victims to specially rigged Websites. It was allegedly created by a group of Russian programmers. The kit demands minimal technical sophistication to be manipulated and used by crackers. 
Sophos has reported that WebAttacker is being sold at some hacker Web sites or through a network of individual resellers and includes technical support. The malware code is currently being delivered in at least seven exploits, including threats aimed at Microsoft's MDAC software, Mozilla's Firefox Web browser and Sun Microsystems's Java virtual machine programs.
The exploitation process usually consists of the following steps:
The software appears to be updated regularly to exploit new flaws, such as the flaw discovered in September 2006 in how Internet Explorer handles certain graphics files.
Vulnerabilities.
WebAttacker exploitation technique is currently based on the following vulnerabilities:

</doc>
<doc id="5935175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935175" title="Wholeness &amp; Separation">
Wholeness &amp; Separation

Wholeness & Separation is the third album by Halou.

</doc>
<doc id="5935181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935181" title="Sky Fighters">
Sky Fighters

Les Chevaliers du ciel () is a 2005 French film directed by Gérard Pirès about two air force pilots preventing a terrorist attack on the Bastille Day celebrations in Paris. It is based on "Tanguy et Laverdure", a comics series by Jean-Michel Charlier and Albert Uderzo (of "Astérix" fame) which was also made into a hugely successful TV series from 1967 to 1969, making the characters of Tanguy and Laverdure a part of popular Francophone culture.
Plot.
The film starts out at the Farnborough Airshow where a demo Mirage 2000-10 is stolen. French Air Force pilots Captain Antoine "Walk'n" Marchelli (Benoît Magimel) and Captain Sébastien "Fahrenheit" Vallois (Clovis Cornillac) are instructed to escort it back. When the rogue pilot attempts to shoot at Vallois, Marchelli is forced to destroy the stolen Mirage.
The French "Special Missions" department, seeking to blackmail Marchelli into working for them, tampers with the video from Marchelli's gun camera. A subsequent court martial finds Marchelli guilty of destroying the stolen Mirage without provocation and discharges him from the air force, prompting Vallois to resign as well.
Special Missions promises to have them reinstated if they fly a Cannonball run over hostile territory to the Horn of Africa to help sell the Mirage to an Asian customer. Marchelli and Vallois agree but are forced to land in hostile territory before completing the flight. They are captured by terrorists intent on stealing their planes. Marchelli and Vallois manage to escape in one of the jets, while the terrorists dismantle and make off with another.
The terrorists plan use the stolen Mirage to shoot down a tanker aircraft over Paris during the Bastille Day celebrations. Marchelli and Vallois intercept the rogue Mirage and shoot it down over an unpopulated area.
Filming.
"Les Chevaliers du Ciel" was filmed in co-operation with the French Air Force. Initially the standard safety rules applied, but eventually the minimum allowed altitude was reduced to 3 m (10 ft) and the minimum distance between aircraft was reduced to 1 m (3 ft).
The filming of these flight sequences were mainly done from the air by Eric Magnan. To achieve this, one of the Mirage's external fuel tanks was modified to fit multiple cameras. A HD camera was considered for this purpose, but it did not fit in the fuel pod. Tracking shots were done from a hired Lear Jet.
Additionally, jet aircraft are not allowed to fly over Paris. As a result of this, all the Paris filming had to be done on the actual Bastille Day (14 July) for which the filming crew got special permission.

</doc>
<doc id="5935183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935183" title="LogiSense">
LogiSense

LogiSense is a privately owned software development company headquartered in Cambridge, Ontario Canada. LogiSense's EngageIP software provides Telecommunications billing, Operational Support Systems, Captive Portal and Bandwidth management solutions.
Traditionally LogiSense services growth IP markets with customers including Digiweb, Infosat Communications, SimpleSignal, Atria Networks (acquired by Rogers Communications), Telesphere, KMTS (acquired by Bell Aliant) among others.

</doc>
<doc id="5935184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935184" title="Taiko no Tatsujin">
Taiko no Tatsujin

While the series is mainly designed for use within Japan, there are also official releases for other regions, including one North American release on PlayStation 2 using full English, two Chinese arcades ("11 Asian Version" and "12 Asian Version") accommodated for Asian regions such as Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, and an alternate build for "Momoiro ver.", referred to as its "Asian Version", currently running in Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Thailand. Other releases can also be seen in other regions despite not officially exported.
Gameplay.
Objective.
The main objective of "Taiko no Tatsujin" games is to hit a simulated Taiko drum following a chosen piece of music, corresponding to scrolling from the right.
A song is cleared when the is filled past the , by playing accurately enough.
Controls.
Arcade releases are equipped with simulated Taiko, which can register hits when played with drum sticks (bachis).
Console releases mainly uses buttons to play, while certain devices can support additional methods of input:
Notes.
The variety of notes in the game consists mainly of red and blue markers. The red note requires a hit on the face of the drum, and the blue note requires a hit on the rim.
Other notes require quick consecutive hits on the drum. Types of such notes includes the yellow bar, the balloon note and the Kusudama ball.
Difficulty.
Most games in the franchise provides four difficulty levels for play, namely , and and the hardest .
The sequence of the notes in a level is commonly referred to as a .
Inner notecharts.
Certain songs also has extra in addition to the four standard levels, intended to be alternate takes on the regular set. Although not a main objective, most inner notecharts are made more difficult than regular notecharts.
Notechart branching.
Some songs can feature in certain difficulty levels. According to the player's performance, the notechart changes between , or .
Gameplay options.
Various aspects of the game can be changed to the player's liking:
Collaborations and guest appearances.
Taiko no Tatsujin frequently hosts collaboration campaigns with other video game franchises and companies. Collaboration efforts include porting signature songs into Taiko no Tatsujin games, sometimes with special dancers and background designs. In return Taiko no Tatsujin elements are respectively ported to other games.
The following are a selection of larger collaboration campaigns:
Spin-offs.
From 2005, Kids Station broadcast 3-minute shorts of the "Taiko no Tatsujin" characters in clay anime. A manga version of the series was also serialized in "Comic Bom Bom".
Mini versions of the game appear in the Namco game "" when the main characters is equipped with a costume resembling a drum, and in the Nintendo DS game "Nodame Cantabile".
In Mario Kart Arcade GP DX, there is a Japanese-themed stage based on the series. Don also makes an appearance as a playable driver.

</doc>
<doc id="5935186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935186" title="Gabriel Clarke">
Gabriel Clarke

Gabriel Clarke is an award-winning TV journalist and documentary film maker.
1991.
Clarke joined ITV Sport in 1991, as a reporter for the 'Saint and Greavsie' programme.
He has worked across ITV Sport's output covering European Championships, World Cups, Rugby World Cups, the Boat Race and World Championship boxing.
2006-2010.
He was a roving reporter with the England team at the 2006 and 2010 FIFA World Cups and the 2012 European Championship.
Clarke has been named the Royal Television Society Sports News Reporter of the Year three times: 2001, 2002 and 2005.
He is also the winner of the Royal Television Society awards for Sports Feature (2002, 2005) and Sports Creative Sequence (2002).
Clarke has written and directed numerous documentaries.
These include "Calzaghe: No Average Joe" (2006), "Amir Khan, The Story So Far (2007) "Clough" (2009), nominated for the "Grierson Documentary" Award, and "When Playboys Ruled The World" (2010). 
2011.
In 2011 Clarke wrote, produced and directed the critically acclaimed ITV documentary 'The Fight of Their Lives', the tragic story of the controversial 1995 world title bout between Nigel Benn and Gerald McClellan. 
'The Fight of Their Lives' was nominated for a BAFTA in the Best Single Documentary category (2011) 
Clarke has narrated various sports documentary series. 
He is also the voice of the tennis show "ATP Uncovered".
Family.
He is the son of film director Alan Clarke (1935–90), whose work includes "Scum", "Made in Britain" and "The Firm".

</doc>
<doc id="5935189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935189" title="Lauta">
Lauta

Lauta (Sorbian: "Łuty") is a town in the district of Bautzen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 10 km west of Hoyerswerda, and 10 km southeast of Senftenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="5935195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935195" title="Heretic (play)">
Heretic (play)

Heretic is a 1996 play by Australian playwright David Williamson.
The play explores Derek Freeman's reaction to Margaret Mead's "Coming of Age in Samoa". The play takes place in Freeman's dream, where individuals (including Mead) from his life return and discuss his life.
Production.
The play was directed by STC director Wayne Harrison in 1996, and starred Elizabeth Alexander as Mead and Robyn Ramsey as Derek Freeman. However, after its opening night at Sydney Opera House, a row erupted between Williamson and Harrison about the director's interpretation of the play and almost overshadowed the play itself.
One controversial feature of the staging of the production was the use of huge, distorted, paper mache heads of powerful (and rejected by Freeman) female figures, such as Eleanor Roosevelt, Jacqueline Kennedy, and Marilyn Monroe.

</doc>
<doc id="5935222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935222" title="Marty Sertich">
Marty Sertich

Marty Sertich (born October 13, 1982 in Roseville, Minnesota, United States) is an professional ice hockey center currently with Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Playing career.
Sertich attended Colorado College for four years, winning the Hobey Baker Award as a junior in 2005 after leading the nation in points (64). Sertich also had an impressive season in his senior year as captain, being honored as a finalist for the Hobey Baker. Over his four years with Colorado College, Sertich dressed for every game.
Much in the same vein as fellow Hobey Baker winner and former-teammate Junior Lessard, Sertich signed a two-year contract with the Dallas Stars as a free agent following his collegiate play on July 10, 2006.
On June 10, 2008, Sertich was traded from the Dallas Stars to the Colorado Avalanche in exchange for a conditional draft pick in 2009 NHL Entry Draft. Sertich was later signed to a multi-year contract with the Avalanche on June 24, 2008. Marty was assigned to AHL affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters, for the 2008–09 season but had his season limited to only 24 games as he suffered two separate concussions.
In the 2009–10 season, Sertich returned and improved his season totals to 28 points in 53 games before he was again struck down with a concussion against the Milwaukee Admirals on February 10, 2010, ruling him out for the remainder of the season.
On April 17, 2010, Sertich signed as a free agent to a one-year contract with Swiss team, EHC Olten of the second tier National Liga B.
In each of his three seasons with Olten, Sertich led the team in points and was amongst the league's top scorers. On July 21, 2013, Sertich left Switzerland as a free agent and signed a one-year contract with German club, Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="5935229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935229" title="Face to Face (play)">
Face to Face (play)

Face to Face is a 2000 play by Australian playwright David Williamson. It is part of the "Jack Manning Trilogy" ("Face To Face" (2000), "A Conversation" (2001), "Charitable Intent" (2001)) which take as their format community conferencing, a new form of restorative justice which Wiliamson became interested in the late 1990s and early 2000s.When Glen, a young construction worker, rams into the back of his boss’s Mercedes in a fit of anger at being sacked, he is given the opportunity to discuss his actions in a community conference, rather than going straight to court.
Community conferencing - an alternative method of justice recently introduced to Australia - is explored by Williamson in this engaging and heartfelt play which celebrates the strength of community over our rigid and often seemingly unfair court system.
Characters.
JACK MANNING: community conference convener, has interviewed each one of the characters individually before the play and has a fairly good idea about what has transpired before the play begins. He tries to steer the conversations over the issue and attempts to bring it to a happy conclusion, The playwright David Williamson described him as intelligent, discerning, skilled and experienced. Throughout the play Jack keeps a calm demeanor and tries to direct the flow of conversation. His character was used to illustrate the non-tyrannical and democratic process in the conference, he plays the role of a commentator rather than facilitator, he paraphrases and makes suggestions to participators. He is married and has four kids.
GLEN TRAGASKIS: Described as in his mid twenties, he assaulted his boss after being fired, although it is not described it is clear that he is mentally handicapped in some way. In the conference we find out that he constantly boasts about women he knows, when in reality he just wants to appear better to his mates. His being fired was as a result of being pranked upon by friends and coworkers, they told him first of all that his bosses PA Julie was interested in him and then Therese, after he realised he was being fooled, Glen sought out the coworkers responsible. He met and assaulted his foreman Richard even though Richard only knew of the problems without being responsible. It was shortly after this that Glen's boss Greg fired him and then Glen rams into the back of his boss’s Mercedes in a fit of anger at being sacked. It becomes unearthed that Glen was physically abused by his father who eventually killed himself after a conversation. Glen is very childish, gullible and described as dangerous when angry.
MAUREEN TRAGASKIS: Glen's mother, in her early 1940s. Cares for her son, and appears to be a little passive, nearly all of the characters appear to have some respect for her and she is discovered to have had an affair with Glen's boss Greg. Very critical of Glen's workmates.
GREG BALDONI: Early 1950s Glen's boss
Film adaptation.
This play was adapted into a film "Face to Face" (2011), directed by Michael Rymer.

</doc>
<doc id="5935236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935236" title="Les chevaliers du ciel">
Les chevaliers du ciel

Les chevaliers du ciel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935238" title="Seri Negeri complex">
Seri Negeri complex

Seri Negeri complex is the state secretariat building complex located in Ayer Keroh, Malacca, Malaysia. It houses the offices of the chief minister (Block "Bendahara"), cabinet ministers, speaker of the state assembly (Block "Laksamana"), and the state assembly hall (Block "Laksamana") 

</doc>
<doc id="5935244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935244" title="Lauter, Saxony">
Lauter, Saxony

The town of Lauter lies in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, between the two towns of Aue and Schwarzenberg. It lies in the Ore Mountains, 4 km southeast of Aue, and 4 km northwest of Schwarzenberg, has 4,927 inhabitants (as of 31 December 2006) in an area of 21.55 km² and belongs to the Town League of Silberberg ("Städtebund Silberberg"). Since 1 January 2013, it is part of the town Lauter-Bernsbach.
Through the town runs the Silver Road, the B 101. Lauter has a station on the Zwickau–Schwarzenberg railway and is served by Regionalbahn trains, operated by "Erzgebirgsbahn" (a subsidiary of Deutsche Bahn) between Zwickau and Johanngeorgenstadt.
History.
The town arose from a forest village ("Waldhufendorf") established in the late 12th century on the western ridge of the Schwarzwasser Valley. The name is recorded over the centuries as "Lawther" (1460), "Lawte" (1501) and "Lauttera" (1590). The town draws this name from a brook called "die Lauter", although this name is now no longer used for any waterway.
Besides agriculture and log driving, mining and basket making afforded the population livelihoods. When industrialization began in the 19th century, many machine factories, and metal- and woodworking businesses as well as an enamel factory set up shop in town. Town rights were conferred in 1962.
In the early 1950s, the BSG Empor Lauter football club played successfully in the DDR-Oberliga, until it was delegated to Rostock in 1954. Its successor club Hansa Rostock played in the First Fußball-Bundesliga.
Population development.
The following figures refer to 31 December in each given year.

</doc>
<doc id="5935256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935256" title="Internet Community Ports Act">
Internet Community Ports Act

The Internet Community Ports Act (ICPA), created and advocated by The CP80 Foundation (aka "Clean Port 80"), is an approach to HTTP content filtering, leveraging TCP ports to segregate content between "Community Ports" and "Open Ports." "Community Ports" would be for content that is not considered "obscene or harmful" to children; "Open Ports" would be for all other content, including content only considered suitable for adults, such as pornography. According to the advocates of ICPA, this would enable an individual to, through their ISP's firewall, choose the content they want by port, allowing content or blocking out content individually. Advocates of ICPA would particularly like to remove "objectional" content from Port 80, the standard port for World-Wide Web traffic (but by no means all Internet traffic, making the title somewhat of a misnomer).
CP80 is Chaired by Ralph Yarro III, who is also the Chair of the SCO Group.
The CP80 Foundation claims its solution is based on an individual's choice and the use of existing technology. They also claim the solution is a fair and balanced answer to an alleged "Internet Porn Problem". They conclude that the ICPA (Internet Community Ports Act) "protects" children and individuals while simultaneously "preserving" the First Amendment for all.
While the ICPA has not yet been introduced into the US Congress, it is said to have the support of a number of the Utah members of Congress including Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), Rep. Chris Cannon (R-Utah), Rep. Jim Matheson (D-Utah) and Rep. Rob Bishop (R-Utah). CP80 has reportedly made presentations to these members of Congress. Sen. Hatch has been quoted as stating "We have to pursue creative and innovative solutions to this growing public health threat, and CP80 is one of the leaders in that effort." Some may consider a proposal calling for the creation of a .xxx domain as similar, but was reportedly blocked by ICANN at the request of the US Government. 
The CP80 Foundations claims the ICPA is different in several important ways from the .xxx domain proposal. The ICPA, if passed, would be a federal law, while the .xxx domain was always intended to be voluntary. ICPA would preserve all current URLs and current naming conventions, the .xxx domain would not. ICPA provides a mechanism of recourse against a non-compliant web publisher or content provider under US law, .xxx domain has no such mechanism. ICPA would provide a more secure and robust solution as the content blocking happens at the ISP level, whereas blocking of the .xxx domain would happen at the end user browser level.
The CP80 Foundation claims it's ICPA also attempts to address the international "Porn Problem". If the ICPA were to pass an end user would have several choices to make in terms of their Internet experience. The end user would choose Community ports or both Open and Community ports. If the end user chooses Community ports only, the end user could then decide to allow all IP's from foreign countries or just the IP's from compliant countries or no foreign IP's, all of this configuration would happen at the ISP level. In Addition, The CP80 Foundation also supports a movement to use the IANA function, which is still currently administered by the US Government, to enforce the ICPA's proposed separation of content internationally as part of "A New Internet Evolution", disseminating down though the current ranks of Internet governance including RIR's, ISP's and finally web publishers and content providers. This would address any international web publisher or content provider who is not conforming to the "New Evolution" of the Internet.
Criticism.
ICPA cannot be enforced internationally. As is problematic with other Internet legislation, the US does not have extraterritorial rights to force compliance among entities outside its borders.
It also assumes that the most important attribute of all material content distributed on the Internet is whether or not it is "adult" or pornographic (presumably matching some criteria in the minds of the proposers). These are the only forms of content that could be censored by the US Government consistent with the US Constitution. However, many find depictions of violence, intolerance, extremist views, sexist messages or racist content more problematic. The ICPA as a government mandate cannot provide a practical mechanism whereby a myriad of other attributes of material could be assessed and categorised for suitability. This is contrasted with the voluntary Platform for Internet Content Selection which fully enables individuals to voluntarily screen content consistent with their personal world-views.
The current proposal, concentrating as it does on "pornography", does not address any of these aspects, or the presumable requirement to address different combinations of unsuitable materials, dependent on local, cultural, or individual preferences or views. In the absence of any common view as to what attributes of content, if any, require regulation, the most pragmatic approach would appear to be eschew censorial categorisation of any form, and allow individuals to filter their own access.
The ICPA seeks to criminalize obscenity sent over "community ports". Obscenity is already illegal pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §§ 1460-1466 to 47 U.S.C. § 223(a) & (b). Certainly no publisher of content would have an incentive to label their content "obscene" for purposes of not being put on "community ports" where such an announcement would subject them to criminal liability.
Critics have also likened the proposal to the "evil bit" of RFC 3514 due to problems of defining what types of content qualify.

</doc>
<doc id="5935257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935257" title="Andy Todd (footballer born 1979)">
Andy Todd (footballer born 1979)

Andrew Jonathan Todd (born 22 February 1979 in Nottingham, England) is an English footballer who plays for Conference National side AFC Telford United where he plays as a midfielder.
Playing career.
Burton Albion.
He was part of the Burton Albion side under Nigel Clough that drew 0–0 against Manchester United in the F.A cup.
Accrington Stanley.
He was signed by Accrington Stanley from Conference side Burton Albion in the summer of 2006 after impressing during a loan spell at the end of the 2005–06 season.
Rotherham United.
Todd was signed by Rotherham United on a two-year deal on 17 May 2007, after turning down a new deal from Accrington. He rejoined Accrington on a month's loan in January 2008.
On 2 October 2008, he signed a three-month loan deal with one of his former clubs, Eastwood Town and made a great start scoring one and assisting in another goal in a 3–1 win over Nantwich Town.
Mansfield Town.
On 28 June 2011, Todd returned to football, signing as a player-coach at Mansfield Town He made his debut on 13 August against Bath City. On 22 October he scored his first league goal and winner against local rivals Alfreton Town.
Tamworth.
Todd left The Stags in July 2013 after he was offered a coaching role at the club, but he was looking to extend his playing career. A month later he joined Conference Premier side Tamworth following a successful trial.
AFC Telford United.
It was announced on the 4th July 2014 Todd would join Telford as player/coach for the upcoming season. 

</doc>
<doc id="5935260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935260" title="Kathleen Waldron">
Kathleen Waldron

Dr. Kathleen M. Waldron is an American author, financial executive and educator. She is currently the seventh president of William Paterson University in Wayne, New Jersey. From 2004 to 2009, she served as the president of Baruch College of the City University of New York, succeeding Edward Regan, the former New York State Comptroller.
Dr. Waldron received her Bachelor's degree from Stony Brook University (SUNY), and Master's degree and Ph.D (1977) in Latin American History from Indiana University. She taught at Bowdoin College from 1977 to 1981, and then as a Fulbright Scholar at the Universidad Católica Andrés Bello in Venezuela. She was the dean of the School of Business, Public Administration and Information Sciences of Long Island University's Brooklyn Campus from 1998 to 2004. Prior to being an educator, Dr. Waldron held several executive positions at Citibank. From 1991 to 1996, she served as President of Citibank International in Miami. Before working at Citibank, Dr. Waldron worked at Chemical Bank on Latin American public and private sector lending.
Under Dr. Waldron, Baruch College received record donations from its alumni, including $54 million in her first year as President.

</doc>
<doc id="5935263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935263" title="High-mobility group">
High-mobility group

High-Mobility Group or HMG is a group of chromosomal proteins that are involved in the regulation of DNA-dependent processes such as
transcription, replication, recombination, and DNA repair.
Families.
The HMG proteins are subdivided into 3 superfamilies each containing a characteristic functional domain: 
Proteins containing any of these embedded in their sequence are known as HMG motif proteins. 
HMG-box proteins are found in a variety of eukaryotic organisms.
They were originally isolated from mammalian cells, and named according to their electrophoretic mobility in polyacrylamide gels.
Function.
HMG proteins are thought to play a significant role in various human disorders. Disruptions and rearrangements in the genes coding for some of the HMG proteins are associated with some common benign tumors. Antibodies to HMG proteins are found in patients suffering from autoimmune diseases. The SRY gene on the Y Chromosome, responsible for male sexual differentiation, contains an HMG-Box domain. A member of the HMG family of proteins, HMGB1, has also been shown to have an extracellular activity as a chemokine, attracting neutrophils and mononuclear inflammatory cells to the infected liver.

</doc>
<doc id="5935264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935264" title="WOCB-CD">
WOCB-CD

WOCB-CD and WXCB-CD are independent religious television stations in Central Ohio, broadcasting locally on channels 39 and 42. Founded August 24, 1987, the station is owned by Central Ohio Association of Christian Broadcasters, along with sister-station WGCT-CD.
The station's web site claims that there is an additional WOCB-CA transmitter on channel 48 in Kenton, Ohio, the FCC shows Kenton was originally granted a limited license. However, it seems their special temporary authority has been renewed every six months since the license was issued.

</doc>
<doc id="5935267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935267" title="WOCB">
WOCB

WOCB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935289" title="Lauterstein">
Lauterstein

Lauterstein is a town in the district of Göppingen in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. It is located 15 km east of Göppingen, and 11 km southeast of Schwäbisch Gmünd.

</doc>
<doc id="5935291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935291" title="LateRooms.com">
LateRooms.com

LateRooms.com is a hotel reservations website providing discounted accommodation throughout the UK, Europe and the rest of the world.
LateRooms.com offers a choice of over 65,000 hotels.
Company history.
LateRooms.com was launched in Salford, Greater Manchester, in 1999 by brothers Steve, Paul and Tony Walsh. The site originally started as a simple directory listing hotels, but in 2002 moved to enable users to book hotels online (some hotels require a telephone bookings through LateRooms.com). In December 2006, the company was bought by First Choice Holidays plc in a deal worth between £108 million and £120 million.
September 2007 saw First Choice Holidays plc merge with TUI Travel plc to form the TUI Travel Group that LateRooms.com is still a part of.
In 2010 LateRooms.com moved to a new head office at The Peninsula building in Manchester, along with sister companies AsiaRooms.com and Hotels-London.co.uk.

</doc>
<doc id="5935304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935304" title="Roberts Farm Historic and Archeological District">
Roberts Farm Historic and Archeological District

The Roberts Farm Historic and Archeological District (also known as the Theus-Roberts Farm) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on November 2, 1995) located in Tallahassee, Florida. The district is on Roberts Road, east of Centerville Road. It contains 1 building.

</doc>
<doc id="5935306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935306" title="Modernism/modernity">
Modernism/modernity

Modernism/modernity is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1994 by Lawrence Rainey and Robert van Hallberg. It covers methodological, archival, and theoretical approaches to modernist studies in the period from about 1860 to the mid-twentieth century. Since 2001 it has been the official publication of the Modernist Studies Association, and September issues occasionally feature papers from their annual conference. As of February 2014, the journal will operate with two editorial offices: a rotating MSA office and a permanent office at the University of York. It is published quarterly in January, April, September, and November by Johns Hopkins University Press. The journal is also available in digital form through library databases such as Project Muse.
Each issue includes a section of thematic essays, multi-work review essays, individual book reviews, and a list of "recent books of interest." The journal occasionally has guest-edited or special issues, with a series of related essays on one topic. The journal has also launched an "Out of the Archives" series, in which out-of-print and neglected works of modernism are reintroduced to its readership.
The current editors-in-chief are Ann Ardis (University of Delaware) and Lawrence Rainey (University of York). Previous editors include Cassandra Laity (Drew University) and Jeffrey Schnapp (Harvard University).
In 2003, "Modernism/modernity" won the Phoenix Award from the Council of Editors of Learned Journals.

</doc>
<doc id="5935309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935309" title="Gunnar Rosendal">
Gunnar Rosendal

Gunnar Rosendal (4 April 1897, Grevie parish – 26 December 1988, Kristianstad) was a Swedish Lutheran priest, Doctor of Theology, and parish priest of Osby. Through his books promoting High Church Lutheran theology and spirituality, especially "Kyrklig förnyelse" (1935), he became a leading and disputed figure of the Catholic movement in the Church of Sweden.
Early life.
Rosendal was born in Grevie, Skåne, the son of Andreas and Teolinda Rosendal. His mother died early and his father moved to the United States so he and his sister were raised by an aunt. After graduating from Lunds Privata Elementarskola he began his theological studies at Lund University in 1918. He was ordained on 25 May 1922 by bishop Gottfrid Billing and moved to Väsby to begin his work as a priest.
Books.
Rosendal's publications came to be of great importance to the high church movement in Sweden. Examples of his books include ""Den apostoliska tron" 1-2, (1948-51)", which is a complete work of high church doctrine in the form of a devotional book, and ""Vårt katolska arv" (1956)" ("Our Catholic Inheritance"). Rosendal received much publicity by his good sense of humour and his exciting and eccentric personality—he was commonly called "Father Gunnar of Osby". Thus he managed to popularize high church theology by his own example in Osby parish, which became a model for liturgical piety and the practice of High Mass and the daily office.
International contacts.
Rosendal had many contacts to the liturgical movement in the Roman Catholic church, especially in Benedictine monasteries, and knew personally many theologians of the liturgical and ecumenical movement, such as Pius Parsch and Paul Couturier. He also had plenty of contacts with Anglo-Catholicism in the Church of England, e.g. to Dom Gregory Dix, and was member of Fellowship of Saint Alban and Saint Sergius. Rosendal often liked to show himself as catholic as possible, but he was also rooted in the theology of 17th century Lutheran orthodoxy, which he knew well. By the recommendation of Bo Giertz he started to read books of Carl Olof Rosenius, which made a lasting impression. Rosendal himself used the neo-thomistic paradigm and resisted all kinds of liberal theology as well as the dialectical theology of Karl Barth. Rosendal was one of the theologians that worked for the foundation of the International League for Apostolic Faith and Order (ILAFO).
Legacy.
In Sweden his influence can be seen in the foundation of the high church organization "arbetsgemenskapen Kyrklig Förnyelse" (aKF), which was inspired by his book, "Kyrklig förnyelse".

</doc>
<doc id="5935315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935315" title="Soo Eagles">
Soo Eagles

The Soo Eagles are a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan. They are a part of the North American Hockey League.
History.
Eagles era(s).
The Eagles existed four different times. From 1962 until 1971, Espanola joined the NOJHL as it was formed and stayed until a year before it folded due to lack of enough competition. They joined the local NOHA Junior "B" league. In 1972, the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds and Sudbury Wolves walked away from the league to join the Ontario Hockey League. They reemerged in 1978 and stayed until 1988. They came back from 1991 until 1995. Their last stint in the league lasted from 1998 until 2003. Espanola, a very small Northern town, always struggled to keep the team viable and competitive. They were never an overly successful team, but they did win the 1963 McNamara Trophy as league champions. In their last season (2002–03), they won only 5 games the whole season. Their last win was against the Sudbury Northern Wolves. At the end of that season, the Screaming Eagles were bought and were relocated to Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan. Most players did not follow, and moved on to other teams.
Black Bears era.
As the Northern Michigan Black Bears, the franchise celebrated some of its most successful hockey in years. After 3 winning seasons and a trip to the league finals in 2004-05, the ownership group decided to sell the financially unstable team.
Indians era.
In late summer of 2006, New York Land developer Charles Perdicaro bought and renamed the black bears the Soo Indians. Perdicaro hired Jim Capy to coach the Indians. The Indians are made up of players from all over the United States, including players from Minnesota, Michigan, New York, Illinois. Over Christmas break Perdicaro fired Capy and his staff due to "philosophical differences" and hired Kevin Cain to take over.
The Soo Indians went on to win the NOJHL's McNamara Trophy as 2007 playoff champions but were not successful at the Dudley Hewitt Cup.
In Spring 2007, Perdicaro put the Indians up for sale. Perdicaro failed to find a buyer and were not able to ice a team for the 2007-08 season.
Eagles era.
The Indians were sold in early 2008, and changed their name to the Soo Eagles. They began play in 2008-09.
Capping the 2010-2011 season, the Soo Eagles finished with a 37-10-3 record, 2nd in the West Division behind the Soo Thunderbirds; 2nd overall in the NOJHL. Brian Depp, a native of Fenton, Michigan, led the Eagles in scoring with 73 points, tied for 3rd in the NOJHL. 
The Eagles began the 2010-11 playoffs with a matchup against the Blind River Beavers. The Eagles disposed of the Beavers in 5 games, gliding to the West Division Final against their rivals, the Soo Thunderbirds. The Eagles upset the regular-season champion Soo Thunderbirds winning in 6 games in a hard fought series.
The Eagles faced off in a best-of-seven playoff series against the Sudbury Jr. Wolves for the 2010-11 NOJHL title. They won the title in six games. This win put them into the Dudley Hewitt Cup Championship, finishing third.
On March 2, 2012, the Soo Eagles announced that they were leaving the NOJHL for the North American Hockey League. The Eagles bought the franchise rights of the Traverse City North Stars to make the move possible.
On March 24, 2012, the Eagles played their final NOJHL game, a 4-2 loss to the Soo Thunderbirds in front of a hometown crowd in Pullar Stadium. The loss completed a 4-game-sweep of the Eagles in their semi-final series with the Thunderbirds.
External links.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="5935319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935319" title="Gulfview Hotel Historic District">
Gulfview Hotel Historic District

The Gulfview Hotel Historic District (also known simply as the Gulfview Hotel) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on October 22, 1992) located in Fort Walton Beach, Florida. The district is at 12 Miracle Strip Parkway, Southeast. It contains 14 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5935320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935320" title="Martin Phillips">
Martin Phillips

Martin John "Buster" Phillips (born 13 March 1976) is an English former professional footballer.
Life and career.
Phillips was born in Exeter and began his football career as a trainee with his local side Exeter City, turning professional in July 1994. He soon attracted the attention of higher division clubs and moved to Manchester City in November 1995 for a fee of £500,000. Upon signing Phillips, City manager Alan Ball predicted "Buster will be the first British £10 million pound player." He struggled to establish himself at Maine Road and was loaned to Scunthorpe United in January 1998 and back to Exeter City in March 1998.
He left Maine Road in August 1998, moving to Portsmouth for a fee of £100,000. Again he struggled to establish himself and spent a month on loan to Bristol Rovers in February 1999. In August 2000 he returned to Devon, joining Plymouth Argyle in August 2000 for a fee of just £25,000. He was released at the end of the 2003-04 season, after spending much of the season struggling with injuries.
He joined Torquay United on a free transfer in July 2004, becoming one of a growing band of former Plymouth players signed by Leroy Rosenior, others including Craig Taylor, Brian McGlinchey, Martin Gritton and Matthew Villis.
In November 2006, the BBC linked him with a possible move back to Exeter City, by now a Conference National side, but the move fell through and Phillips remained at Plainmoor. He failed to appear again for Torquay and in May 2007] he was forced to retire due to suffering chronic fatigue syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="5935323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935323" title="Hybrid fibre-optic">
Hybrid fibre-optic

Hybrid fibre-optic is the connection used by some television studio and field production video cameras that combine all video, audio, data, control, power, and other signals onto two single mode optical fibres and a few copper conductors in one jacket, allowing one cable to provide all the necessary signals a camera needs for the television production environment.

</doc>
<doc id="5935337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935337" title="Air transport of the Royal Family and government of the United Kingdom">
Air transport of the Royal Family and government of the United Kingdom

Air transport for the Royal Family and Her Majesty's Government is provided, depending on circumstances and availability, by a variety of military and civilian operators. These currently include The Queen's Helicopter Flight (part of the Royal Household), No. 32 (The Royal) Squadron of the Royal Air Force (RAF), chartered civil aircraft, but most often by scheduled commercial flights normally flying with British Airways.
History.
The first aircraft ordered specifically for transportation of the Royal Family, two Westland Wapitis, were delivered to No. 24 Squadron at RAF Northolt in April 1928. Between 1929 and 1935 the Prince of Wales purchased 13 aircraft. Although the RAF maintained at least one of these aircraft for a time the Prince of Wales eventually became solely responsible for the aircraft. When the Prince ascended to the throne in 1936 as Edward VIII, The King's Flight was formed as the world's first head of state aircraft unit. In contrast the first flight of a sitting U.S. president was in January 1943. This unit initially used the King's own de Havilland DH.89 Dragon Rapide; however this was replaced in May 1937 by an Airspeed AS.6J Envoy III.
The outbreak of World War II in 1939 led to the replacement of the Envoy III with an armed Lockheed Hudson. A de Havilland Flamingo was added to The King's Flight in September 1940.
In 1942, The King's Flight was disbanded and its responsibilities transferred to No. 161 Squadron. No. 161 Squadron was an operational military squadron, involved in the dropping of supplies and agents over occupied Europe throughout the War. The King's Flight was reformed on 1 May 1946 at RAF Benson with a single aircraft, a de Havilland Dominie.
As The Queen's Flight from 1952, the unit operated a variety of aircraft for the transportation and pilot training of members of the Royal family, including Vickers Viking, Avro York, de Havilland Heron and Devon, Westland Whirlwind (helicopter), Douglas Dakota (for Royal Visit to Nepal 1960), de Havilland Canada Chipmunk, Beagle Basset and Hawker Siddeley Andover aircraft.
On 2 November 1977, Queen Elizabeth II travelled for the first time aboard Concorde (aircraft G-BOAE). Her Majesty then flew from the Sir Grantley Adams International Airport, Barbados, to London Heathrow, England. That occasion was also the first visit by a Concorde aircraft to Barbados. The "Alpha Echo" aircraft which The Queen travelled was the last Concorde to fly supersonic to Barbados on 17 November 2003, as a delivery flight to the Barbados Concorde Experience museum where it remains on display.
In 1983 the RAF leased two BAe 146 aircraft to assess their suitability as replacements for The Queen's Flight's Andovers. The trial was a success and three VIP-configured BAe 146-100s entered service with The Queen's Flight (as BAe 146 CC.2s) from 1986 as the flight's first jet aircraft. In 2002 one of these BAe 146s was sold as surplus. These jets, also known as the BAe 146 Statesman, have a specially designed Royal Suite cabin. Although the civilian BAe 146-100 has 70-94 seats, the two BAe 146 CC.2 are configured for 19 or 26 passengers in comfort. This aircraft have a large passenger space compared to a mid-size business jet. The cabin space is over , which is almost as large as the smallest Boeing Business Jet which has . Most mid-size business jets have less than of cabin space. The 6.5' ceiling allows people to comfortably stand and because of the aircraft's size, and defensive equipment, this is the aircraft that is the first choice for domestic or European trips.
The Royal Squadron.
On 1 April 1995 The Queen's Flight was merged into No. 32 Squadron RAF to become No. 32 (The Royal) Squadron. Its BAe 146s and two Westland Wessex HCC.4 helicopters moved from Benson to 32 Squadron's base at RAF Northolt. This ended the RAF's provision of dedicated VIP transport aircraft; the aircraft of 32 Squadron are only available to VIP passengers if not needed for military operations. This was declared officially in 1999, with the Ministry of Defence stating ""the principal purpose of 32 Squadron to provide communications and logistical support to military operations; the Squadron's capacity should be based on military needs only; and any royal or other non-military use of... spare capacity is secondary to its military purpose."" The effect of this declaration was to radically reduce the charge per hour to the royal travel grant-in-aid for flying in an RAF jet, because now only the variable costs of the flight were expensed to the royal travel budget.
The Squadron also has six smaller British Aerospace BAe 125 CC3 jets, which seat a maximum of six passengers. The last of these jets was delivered in February 1984.
The squadron provides air travel for members of the Royal Family. However, on 1 April 2010, the hourly rate for journeys by HM The Queen and HRH The Prince of Wales was increased dramatically from £1,138 for a BAe125 and £1,846 for a BAe 146 to £9,997 and £13,086 respectively. No journeys were undertaken under these arrangements. After alleged pressure from the Prince of Wales, on 1 December 2010, the rates were reduced (BAe 125: £4,000 and BAe 146: £5,000 per flying hour).
Under these higher prices, the Royal Family only flew twice on military jets in fiscal year 2010-2011. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall flew the BAe 146 to Madrid and Lisbon in March 2011 (4 flight hours), and one non-itemized flight was taken on a BAe 125 (1 flight hour).
Other aircraft.
Other RAF aircraft have transported members of the Royal family and ministers, particularly for long range trips for which The Queen's Flight and Royal Squadron planes were unsuitable. This most often involved Vickers VC10 C.1s, "XR807" and "XV106", of the now disbanded No. 10 Squadron - later subsumed by No. 101 Squadron based at RAF Brize Norton.
Occasionally the supersonic aircraft, Concorde, was used to transport the Prime Minister and Royal Family, particularly to international conferences abroad. The first supersonic flight that Queen Elizabeth II experienced was on 2 November 1977 at the end of her Silver Jubilee.
Present arrangements.
Government.
Most air travel by cabinet and junior ministers is on scheduled commercial flights. Travel on 32 Squadron aircraft is recommended where it is more cost-effective than using commercial air transport, or where security considerations dictate that special flights should be used.
The RAF is unusual compared to other air transports of heads of state and government in that they do not have any dedicated VIP transport aircraft capable of crossing the Atlantic ocean or flying to Asia or Sub-Saharan Africa. With the RAF VC10 fleet now retired, the Prime Minister generally uses chartered jets for long range travel (typically British Airways Boeing 777s).
Royal Family.
The responsibility for Royal Family travel was transferred to the Royal Household on 1 April 1997. Previously it was shared by the Ministry of Defence, the Department of Transport, and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. The funding comes in the form of a Royal travel grant in aid from Parliament through the Department for Transport. Later that year the Royal Yacht "Britannia" was retired and not replaced, and the Royal Household was given authorization to acquire a helicopter for dedicated private use.
The Royal Helicopter and the Royal Train are insufficient to meet all the travel requirements of the Royal Household, even for domestic travel. The Queen no longer travels on scheduled flights, but the rest of the family does whenever feasible. Royalty are now normally flown on private charters, either large fixed-wing aircraft, small fixed-wing aircraft, or helicopters depending on the distance and the size of the official party.
The Queen's Helicopter Flight (TQHF).
The Queen's Helicopter Flight is part of The Queen's Private Secretary's department of the Royal Household, and is tasked by the Royal Travel Office at Buckingham Palace. From 1998 to 2009, it used a single maroon Sikorsky S-76C+ twin-engined helicopter, registered "G-XXEA" in honour of "G-AEXX", the Airspeed Envoy that the Queen's uncle, the Prince of Wales first flew in the King's Flight. The helicopter (the first airframe dedicated solely to royal use) entered service on 21 December 1998. The S-76 is a commercial type widely used around the world, although the Queen's helicopter is only fitted with six seats for more comfort.
On 4 November 2009, Sikorsky announced the delivery of a new S-76C++ helicopter to TQHF. This helicopter, registration "G-XXEB", is capable of a maximum speed of 178 mph and a ferry range of with a 30-minute reserve.
Cost of royal travel.
The United Kingdom is one of the few major powers without a dedicated jet for the head of state and the head of government. The cost of Royal travel (not including cars) is dominated by Royal air travel, but also includes trains and yacht charter. All costs for the previous fiscal year ending 31 March are documented every year in a June financial report detailing the expenses for the "Royal Travel Grant-in-Aid". The royal household assumed responsibility for royal travel in April 1997.
Helicopters.
For the last fiscal year reported (FY2011 is from 1 April 2010 through 31 March 2011) The Queen's helicopter flew for a total of 385 hours. The Queen's helicopter was supplemented with private helicopter charter 58 times domestically. Combined helicopter travel costs were £2,400,000 which includes the cost of the staff of TQHF.
Fixed-wing aircraft.
RAF jets (4 hours large aircraft, 1 hours small aircraft in 2011):
For the year ending 31 March 2011 the Royal Family used one of the Royal Air Force BAe 146 airliners (1 trip) or a BAe 125 small business jet (1 trips) at a cost of £22,000.
Large fixed-wing charter aircraft (45 hours in 2011):
In FY2011 only three charters were over £100K.
Small fixed-wing charter aircraft (351 hours in 2011) and Scheduled flights:
The vastly reduced use of 32 Squadron in FY2011 has given rise to the a large increase in small fixed-wing charter during the year.
Many of Prince Andrew's trips for the UKTI have involved very long distance travel (usually intercontinental) on scheduled flights for he and his team from the UK, and then he charters a jet at the site to go to multiple local destinations.
Scheduled flights alone:
Several royal trips taken by the Duke of York, Duke of Kent, Duke of Gloucester, Duke of Cambridge, and the Princess Royal involve only seats on scheduled aircraft with no charters. Her Majesty does not fly on scheduled aircraft. The Prince of Wales has flown on scheduled aircraft in the past, but he did not in fiscal year 2011.
Criticism of Royal Air Travel.
Some criticism is aimed at expensive charters that are employed for visits of the Prince of Wales for trips that some believe are not critical to the his role as British heir apparent. Two of the most expensive charters were for visits to South America in March 2009 (£660,594) for a tour related to the Prince's ecological concerns and to Japan and Indonesia in Oct-Nov 2008 (£665,674).
Since chartering a large jet to tour another continent is not something done by most citizens, the most biting criticism is often reserved for trips that resemble those taken by a normal person. For instance in 12–16 June 2010, The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall took a four-day short break at their home in Balmoral, Scotland. The charge to the government was £29,786 for a jet to fly them to Aberdeen and to return to London. The purpose of the trip is cited as "residence to residence". In comparison, the following weekend, Charles's younger brother and wife, The Earl and Countess of Wessex, were charged £14,916 for a jet to attend the 19 June 2010 wedding of Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden.
Prince Charles's determination to bring environmental issues to the forefront of public policymaking has been regularly praised but has also left him open to accusations of hypocrisy. His choice of leasing an Airbus 319 that seats 29 people for a tour in 2009 to raise environmental awareness was criticized.
Fleet replacement.
Proposals to provide a new dedicated VIP transport aircraft, for governmental or royal use, were first mooted in 1998. However in March 2009 the latest of these proposals for a £7m 12-seater private jet plans were halted by recession. The government decided that the Queen and Royal Family will continue to fly on No. 32 Squadron aircraft for the next year to defer the cost of a new aircraft during the economic slowdown.
The replacement helicopter for The Queen's Helicopter Flight was delivered in November 2009.
Proposed 'Air Force One'.
There has been frequent proposals by the British government for the commissioning of a UK version of Air Force One, to be used by members of the royal family and government. The first main proposal was made by Tony Blair who considered commissioning two permanent planes for the Queen and the Prime Minister. However following serious criticism by the government, mainly for financial reasons, the plan was later scrapped by Gordon Brown when he became Prime Minister. The Ministry of Defence has often supported the country's need for an Air Force One following concerns for the Prime Minister's safety when abroad and for government to have a safe place to operate from during times of crisis. The Intelligence and Security Committee has also put forward their support, stating there is usually no communication for hours between the Prime Minister and British intelligence chiefs due to lack of communications systems. The government currently uses chartered flights with British Airways.
Due to financial criticism, more recent informal proposals have been made by Airbus, who have drawn up plans for the conversion of the Airbus A330 MRTT, known as Voyager and used by the Royal Air Force for fighter jet refueling and to carry troops, to be converted into a carrier plane for the royal family and government when not in operational use. The United Kingdom is the only G8 country without a special ministerial aircraft

</doc>
<doc id="5935348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935348" title="Central Park Historic District (West Palm Beach, Florida)">
Central Park Historic District (West Palm Beach, Florida)

The Central Park Historic District (also known as Estates of South Palm Beach) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on July 28, 1999) located in West Palm Beach, Florida. The district runs roughly along SR 805 and South Olive Avenue, from Monroe Drive to Southern Boulevard. It contains 155 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5935356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935356" title="Evolution Erotica">
Evolution Erotica

Evolution Erotica is an pornographic film production company, with a catalog of DVD titles and internet content. It is owned by Tom Byron, who also owns Tom Byron Pictures. Both studio's films are distributed by Byron's Evolution Distribution. Ricky D formerly worked as an editor for Evolution, and his brother Ivan E. Rection joined the company as a cameraman. By March 2007 it had produced 126 films. 
Directors.
In addition to Ivan E. Rection, Matt Zane has also directed for evolution. He had an exclusive contract with the company until August 2008. Zane directed titles such as "Boobtastic", the heavy metal-themed "Radium" series, "Super Squirter Girls", and "Tattooed & Tight", which featured performers being tattooed, then used the artist’s studio to film a sex scene. Dave Navarro of the Red Hot Chili Peppers featured in the Zane-directed "Punkd Ur Ass" in 2007. At the 2008 Adult Entertainment Expo Zane suspended himself from four hooks for more than five hours at the Evolution booth to promote his latest film.

</doc>
<doc id="5935368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935368" title="College Park Historic District (Lake Worth, Florida)">
College Park Historic District (Lake Worth, Florida)

The College Park Historic District (also known as College Park Residential Neighborhood) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on February 9, 2001) located in Lake Worth, Florida. The district is bounded by Maryland Drive, North Federal Highway, 19th Avenue North, and North Dixie Highway. It contains 90 historic buildings and residences.

</doc>
<doc id="5935369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935369" title="Don Mosey">
Don Mosey

Don Mosey (4 October 1924 – 11 August 1999) was a sports journalist and radio producer, best remembered for his lengthy tenure as a cricket commentator on BBC's Test Match Special (TMS), which he joined in 1974 and left in 1991. 
He was nicknamed 'the Alderman' by fellow commentator Brian Johnston, in recognition of his somewhat mayoral bearing in the box; Mosey entitled one autobiographical book "The Alderman's Tale".
He was born in Keighley, Yorkshire, in 1924, completed wartime service in the RAF and joined the "Craven Herald" as a journalist, going on to work for "The Daily Express" and "Daily Mail". He often covered the great Yorkshire cricket team of the period.
He left the "Mail" in 1964, becoming a radio sports producer in Manchester, and developed a reputation for extreme professionalism and attention to detail.
He first commentated for TMS in 1974, a role he had long coveted, and remained a fixture on the much-loved programme through the 70s and 80s, sharing the microphone with such broadcasting luminaries as John Arlott, Brian Johnston and Christopher Martin-Jenkins.
He covered four overseas England tours, most memorably the long tour of India and Sri Lanka during the winter of 1981-2, characterised by a somewhat worrying raucous cough that increased in volume as the tour progressed. His speciality lay in his unrehearsed, articulate and tactically astute close of play summaries during Test matches at home. He commentated principally on matches on grounds in the north of England, but was also at times used for matches at Lord's and The Oval.
He retired from commentary in 1991 after writing a book where he was critical of some of the other commentators.
He acted as a ghost writer on several cricketers' autobiographies, including Ray Illingworth's "Yorkshire and Back", as well as writing several volumes under his own name. His biography of Geoff Boycott, in typically forthright Mosey style, pulled no punches in either praise or criticism. He co-authored "Fred Trueman's Yorkshire" with the ex-Yorkshire and England fast bowler.
Mosey's son Ian Mosey was a well-known golf professional. 
A man of firm views, his fame has dimmed since his retirement, but as a broadcaster of a game he loved and understood to the core he knew few peers. He died in Morecambe, Lancashire, aged 74, on 11 August 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5935378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935378" title="Grandview Heights Historic District">
Grandview Heights Historic District

The Grandview Heights Historic District (also known as Grandview Heights Neighborhood) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on July 8, 1999) located in West Palm Beach, Florida. The district is bounded by Park Place, Alabama Avenue, M Street, and South Lake Avenue. It contains 268 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5935384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935384" title="Mark Alan Wilson">
Mark Alan Wilson

Mark Alan Wilson (January 20, 1953 – February 24, 2005) was a Tyler, Texas man killed during a shooting outside the Smith County Courthouse in Tyler, Texas. He entered an ongoing gun battle between David Hernandez Arroyo Sr., who had attempted earlier to kill his wife and son, and law enforcement officers. Wilson was killed at close quarters by Arroyo, who was wearing body armor, after shooting and hitting Arroyo several times. Wilson had no affiliations, professional or otherwise, with law enforcement, and acted solely as a private citizen during the shootout. Arroyo was later killed by gunfire from police officers.
Biography.
Mark Wilson was born and raised in Dallas, Texas and graduated from MacArthur High School in 1971. He went on to serve with distinction in the U.S. Navy. After his discharge from the military, he worked as a racquetball instructor and later opened Tyler's On Target Shooting Range in 1997. He volunteered in the community by helping to raise money for nonprofit organizations and devoting time to organizations like the Texas Blues Festival and Festival on the Square. Wilson lived in an apartment that overlooked the area where the shooting took place.
In recognition of his heroism, the Texas State Rifle Association published an account of his actions. The Texas House unanimously adopted a resolution (HR. 740) on March 31, 2005 to honor Mark Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="5935388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935388" title="Penang State Assembly Building">
Penang State Assembly Building

The Penang State Assembly Building is the historical Penang's state administrative building. It is located between Light Street and Farquhar Street near Fort Cornwallis in George Town, Malaysia.
History.
The State Assembly building dates back to the early 19th century. The building once served as the Police Central Police Station, Recorder's Court, and the Magistrate's Court. An administrative block which serves as immigration office was built to the original structure in 1890 after its renovation in 1874.
Architecture.
This building encompasses Classical Greek and Palladian architecture, resembles Greek Temple with massive white colonnades supporting a large pediment.

</doc>
<doc id="5935392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935392" title="Gary Roberts (footballer born 1984)">
Gary Roberts (footballer born 1984)

Gareth Michael "Gary" Roberts (born 18 March 1984) is an English professional footballer who currently plays for Chesterfield following his release by Swindon Town. Roberts' position is as a winger.
Roberts has played in both the English football league system (playing in the Football League and Conference) as well as playing in the Welsh league, and has played in all three divisions of the Football League. Roberts was capped four times for England C when playing at semi-professional level.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Chester, Roberts begin his career with the Liverpool Academy but was dropped in 2001. He then went on to play for the youth teams at two Welsh clubs Denbigh Town and Bala Town. He then went on to play first team football for three Welsh clubs. Signing for Rhyl in 2003 where he played 3 times before moving on to Welsh Premier League side Bangor City where he played 22 times scoring once between 2003–2004. He then moving to Welshpool Town for the 2004–2005 season where he played 20 times scoring nine goals.
Accrington Stanley.
Roberts signed for Conference National side Accrington Stanley in the second half of the 2004–05 season. He made his Stanley debut in their 2–1 home win over Morecambe on 19 March 2005. His first goal for them came in their 2–2 home draw with York City on 28 March 2005.
He made his first start of the 2005–06 season in their 1–0 home victory over Canvey Island on the opening day of the season. Roberts scored his first goal of the 2005–06 season in Stanley's 4–2 win over Crawley Town on 17 September 2005. Roberts was part of the Accrington Stanley side that won the 2005–06 Conference National Championship after playing 42 league games scoring 13 goals.
Roberts played his first game of the 2006/07 season for Stanley in on the opening day of the season in Stanley's 2–0 away defeat to Chester City. His first goal of the season came in their 1–1 home draw with Rochdale on 26 August 2006. Roberts was then loaned out to Football League Championship side Ipswich Town, after making 14 league appearances and scoring 8 times for Stanley in the 2006/07 season. The loan move was made permanent in the January transfer window of the seam season.
Ipswich Town.
He moved to Ipswich Town on loan from Accrington Stanley in October 2006. He made his debut in 3–2 loss at home to Preston North End on 17 October 2006. He scored his first goal for Ipswich against Derby County in November 2006, He played 14 times scoring two goals during his leon spell their, impressing enough to earn a permanent four-year deal with the club in January 2007.
He started the 2007–08 season with a goal in the 4–1 win over Sheffield Wednesday but seen lost his place in the side having to settle for coming on as a substitute of being left on the bench.
On 12 February 2008, Roberts joined League One side Crewe Alexandra on a one-month loan, joining another Gary Roberts at the club. He made his fist appearances for the club in their 1–0 win over Leyton Orient on 12 February 2008. Roberts made four appearances for Crewe before returning to Ipswich in March. Roberts played an extra three matches for Ipswich before the end of the season, bringing his season total to 21 for the 2007–08 season with only 10 being start and 11 coming off the bench.
Roberts then left Ipswich in August 2008 to join League one side Huddersfield Town after making 44 appearances scoring four times in the league between 2006 to 2008.
Huddersfield Town.
At the end of the 2007–08 season, Roberts was transfer listed and joined Huddersfield Town on 29 July 2008 for a fee of around £250,000.
2008–09 season.
He along with five other players made his Huddersfield Town debut in the 1–1 draw against Stockport County at the Galpharm Stadium on 9 August 2008. On 12 August, he scored his first two goals in the 4–0 win against local rivals Bradford City in the first round of the League Cup to send Huddersfield through to the second round. His first league goal for Huddersfield was a consolation goal in their 3–1 defeat by Milton Keynes Dons on 23 August 2008.
On 25 April 2009, he won three awards at the club's Player of the Year Awards. He won the Best Goal for his goal against Hereford United in December, the Fan's Players of the Season and the Player's Player of the Season awards. As well as being top goal scorer with 11 goals in all competitions.
Roberts signed a new three-year deal with Huddersfield Town on 2 July 2009.
2009–10 season.
Roberts made his first start of the 2009–10 season in Huddersfield's 2–2 opening day draw away at Southend United, he scored his first goal of the 2009–10 season for the Terriers in their 7–1 home win over Brighton & Hove Albion.
Town won by a four or more goal margin on five occasion when Roberts scored in the 2009–10 season including a 7–1 win over Brighton & Hove Albion in August, a 4–0 win over Leyton Orient in October, two goals in Towns 6–1 FA Cup win over Dagenham & Redbridge in November, one week later in their 6–0 thumping of Wycombe Wanderers as well as in their 6–0 away win at Stockport County in April 2010.
Roberts was given a retrospective red card after Town's game with Bristol Rovers forcing him to miss the Terriers' next three games. He also scored an 85 minute equalizing goal over Huddersfield Town's local rivals Leeds United. He also retained his Fan's Player of the Season award as well as picking up the Blue & White Foundation Player of the Season award. Roberts finished the season with 45 games in all competitions for Town and scoring nine goals making him joint third with Anthony Pilkington in Huddersfield's top scores table for 2009–10 with seven of his goals coming in the league.
2011–12 season.
At the start of the 2011–12 season, Roberts rejected a new contract at the club, however he made his first appearance of the season on the opening day scoring in the 1–1 draw at home to Bury on 6 August 2011, with his second coming in the first round of the League Cup just three days later on 9 August 2011 in a 4–2 away win over Port Vale.
He left the club in June 2012, after not being offered a new contract by the manager, Simon Grayson.
Swindon Town.
Roberts signed for Swindon Town on 18 June 2012 and was included in Towns pre-season tour of Italy.
On 19 February 2013, during a game against Tranmere Rovers F.C., Roberts scored a contender for goal of the season: a 70 yard strike lobbed over the Tranmere goalkeeper from Swindon's own half.
Chesterfield.
Roberts signed for League Two club Chesterfield on a three-year contract on 22 June 2013. Roberts scored his first goal for the Spireites during a 2–0 win over Cheltenham on his home debut, going on to become a popular figure among Chesterfield's fan base. He also drew admiring glances from opposition managers, with Rochdale manager Keith Hill describing Roberts as "The best player in the league" after his goal and assist against 'the dale'. He continued his form throughout the month of August, netting 3 goals in 6 games as Chesterfield climbed to the top of the table, which saw Roberts named League 2 Player of the month, along with manager Paul Cook. Roberts received his first red card for the Spireites against arch-rivals Mansfield in a 0-1 defeat. Roberts returned from his supsension in the midst of Chesterfield's worst run of the season, four matches without a win, until he scored in the home victory against Daventry in a 2-0 FA Cup win. Roberts scored twice against Oxford on the 15th of March, and later that evening travelled to London for the Football League Awards in which he won League 2 Player of the Year, beating Scott Hogan and Sam Winnall to win the prize. After defeating Fleetwood over two legs in the Johnstones Paint Trophy area final, Roberts had the chance to play at Wembley for the second time in three years, however the Spireites succumbed to and 3-1 defeat by Peterborough United.
International career.
Roberts has represented England international as he was capped four times by the England C often known as the England National Game XI, the team which represents England at semi-professional level during his time at Accrington Stanley between 2005–2006. Until he moved into the Football League making him ineligible to appear the England National Game XI.

</doc>
<doc id="5935397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935397" title="Historic Old Town Commercial District">
Historic Old Town Commercial District

The Historic Old Town Commercial District (also known as downtown Lake Worth) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on September 22, 2001) located in Lake Worth, Florida. The district is bounded by FEC, M Street, Lucerne Avenue, and 1st Avenue S. It contains 46 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5935404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935404" title="The Purple Land">
The Purple Land

The Purple Land is a novel set in 19th century Uruguay by William Henry Hudson, first published in 1885 under the title "The Purple Land that England Lost". Initially a commercial and critical failure, it was reissued in 1904 with the full title "The Purple Land, Being One Richard Lamb's Adventures in the Banda Orientál, in South America, as told by Himself". Towards the end of the novel, the narrator explains the title, "I will call my book "The Purple Land." For what more suitable name can one find for a country so stained with the blood of her children?"
Plot summary.
The novel tells the story of Richard Lamb, a young Englishman who marries a teenage Argentinian girl, Paquita, without asking her father's permission, and is forced to flee to Montevideo, Uruguay with his bride. Lamb leaves his young wife with a relative while he sets off for eastern Uruguay to find work for himself. He soon becomes embroiled in adventures with the Uruguayan gauchos and romances with local women. Lamb unknowingly helps a rebel guerrilla general, Santa Coloma, escape from prison and joins his cause. However, the rebels are defeated in battle and Lamb has to flee in disguise. He helps Demetria, the daughter of an old rebel leader, escape from her persecutors and returns to Montevideo. Lamb, Paquita, Demetria and Santa Coloma evade their government pursuers by slipping away on a boat bound for Buenos Aires. Here the novel ends, but in the opening paragraphs, Lamb had already informed the reader that after the events of the story he was captured by Paquita's father and thrown into prison for three years, during which time Paquita herself died of grief.
Literary significance & criticism.
Jorge Luis Borges dedicated an essay to "The Purple Land" in his book "Other Inquisitions" (1952). He compared Hudson's novel to the "Odyssey" and described it as perhaps the "best work of gaucho literature". Borges sees the novel as the story of Richard Lamb's gradual "acriollamiento" ("Creolisation"). In other words, Lamb "goes native." To begin with, Lamb looks down on the Uruguayans, with their disorganised political system and lack of law and order and civilised amenities, thinking it would have been better for Uruguay to become part of the British Empire. But he slowly comes to see the advantages of the freedom they enjoy, especially in comparison to the stuffiness of Victorian England. According to Ezequiel Martínez Estrada, who is quoted by Borges, the final pages of the novel contain "the supreme justification of America compared with Western civilisation." Hudson writes:I cannot believe that if this country had been conquered and recolonised by England, and all that is crooked in it made straight according to our notions, my intercourse with the people would have had the wild, delightful flavour I have found in it. And if that distinctive flavour cannot be had along with the material prosperity resulting from Anglo-Saxon energy, I must breathe the wish that this land may never know such prosperity ... We do not live by bread alone, and British occupation does not give to the heart all the things for which it craves... The unwritten constitution, mightier than the written one, is in the heart of every man to make him still a republican and free with a freedom it would be hard to match anywhere else on the globe. The Bedouin himself is not so free, since he accords an almost superstitious reverence and implicit obedience to his sheikh. Here the lord of many leagues of land and of herds unnumbered sits down to talk with the hired shepherd, a poor, bare-footed fellow in his smoky rancho, and no class or caste difference divides them, no consciousness of their widely different positions chills the warm current of sympathy between two human hearts. How refreshing it is to meet with this perfect freedom of intercourse, tempered only by that innate courtesy and native grace of manner peculiar to Spanish Americans! What a change to a person coming from lands with higher and lower classes, each with its innumerable hateful subdivisions — to one who aspires not to mingle with the class above him, yet who shudders at the slouching carriage and abject demeanour of the class beneath him If this absolute equality is inconsistent with perfect political order, I for one should grieve to see such order established.Ernest Hemingway famously referred to Hudson's book in his novel The Sun Also Rises:Then there was another thing. He had been reading W.H. Hudson. That sounds like an innocent occupation, but Cohn had read and reread "The Purple Land." "The Purple Land" is a very sinister book if read too late in life. It recounts splendid imaginary amorous adventures of a perfect English gentleman in an intensely romantic land, the scenery of which is very well described. For a man to take it at thirty-four as a guide-book to what life holds is about as safe as it would be for a man of the same age to enter Wall Street direct from a French convent, equipped with a complete set of the more practical Alger books.
Radio play.
An adaption for radio was written by Andrew Davies. "The Purple Land" was broadcast on 16 July 2011 as BBC Radio 4's Saturday play, starring David Tennant as Richard Lamb.

</doc>
<doc id="5935406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935406" title="Kars, Ontario">
Kars, Ontario

Kars is a village on the Rideau River within the rural section of the city of Ottawa, Ontario. Prior to joining the city in 2000 it was part of Rideau Township. 
History.
Kars was originally named Wellington Village. In 1856, in order to distinguish it from another settlement called Wellington in Prince Edward County, the village was renamed Kars - a name chosen to commemorate the siege of the Turkish town of Kars and the Canadian-born General William Fenwick Williams who had undertaken its defense.
By 1866, Kars was a post village with a population of 200 of the township of North Gower, on the Rideau river, one mile from the line of the Ottawa and Prescott Railway. It contained four general stores, and one steam saw mill, established by A. J. Eastman, in 1852, which had the capacity of turning out three millions feet of sawed lumber per annum; a brewery owned by A. J. Eastman & Co., with a capacity of turning out forty barrels per week; a tannery, two wagon shops, a cooperage, a school, a hotel; two churches-the Church of England, frame, erected by John Eastman, Esq, and presented to the Church Society; and the Wesleyan Methodist church, frame. Mails tri-weekly. The Loyal Orange Lodge, No. 520, met in the Orange Hall, on the first Tuesday in each month. 
The Rideau River is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Rideau Canal. Kars is located along the longest, uninterrupted section of the River between locks at Long Island in Manotick and Burritt's Rapids. As a small community, most residents work in the city of Ottawa although the village does have an automotive garage and a general store/post office. 
The village had two schools prior to 2011. However in that year, a decision was made to demolish Kars Public School in favor of an expansion of Rideau Valley Middle School. The enlarged school, renamed Kars on the Rideau Public School, is located on nearly 12 acres of land and its nearby soccer fields are among the best kept in all of Ottawa.
Kars no longer has a summer fair but a dog show has continued to run at the former fairgrounds site. 
Rideau Valley Air Park is located to the south of the village and is the base of operations for the Rideau Valley Soaring School.

</doc>
<doc id="5935409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935409" title="Old Lucerne Historic Residential District">
Old Lucerne Historic Residential District

The Old Lucerne Historic Residential District (also known as Townsite of Lucerne) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on June 4, 2001) located in Lake Worth, Florida. The district runs roughly along North Lakeside Drive, North Palmway Street, and North O Street, from Lake Avenue to 7th Avenue N. It contains 218 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5935410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935410" title="Surname DNA project">
Surname DNA project

A surname DNA project is a genetic genealogy project which uses genealogical DNA tests to trace male lineage. 
Because ("patrilineal") surnames are passed down from father to son in many cultures, and Y-chromosomes (Y-DNA) are passed from father to son with a predictable rate of mutation, people with the same surname can use genealogical DNA testing to determine if they share a common ancestor within recent history.
When two males share a surname, a test of their Y-chromosome markers will determine either that they are not related, or that they are related. If they are related, the number of markers tested and the number of matches at those markers determines the range of generations until their most recent common ancestor (MRCA). If the two tests match on 37 markers, there is a 90% probability that the MRCA was less than 5 generations ago and a 95% probability that the MRCA was less than 8 generations ago.
Markers.
A Y-DNA test ranges from 10 to 111 markers on the Y chromosome. Most surname projects suggest at least 25 markers. Test results tell how many repeats a given subject has at a particular marker; the variations of repeats are known as alleles. For example, at DYS455, the results will normally show 8, 9, 10, 11, or 12 repeats. The specific test results for a given individual are referred to as a haplotype. When a surname project has enough participants' test results, it can group similar test results together and determine a modal haplotype for each such group of similar test results.
Testing companies.
Surname projects are now being hosted by testing companies. Group rates may be obtained for surname projects and some labs even store the submitted samples for a number of years at no cost to the participants. This enables additional tests to be performed as they become available.
Haplogroups.
The Y chromosome has been studied intensely and divided into Human Y-chromosome DNA haplogroups, based upon the results of the number of alleles in certain positions called markers. These "markers" have been chosen for their demonstrated ability to predict the haplogroup of the tested individual. They are tightly guarded proprietary information. Each testing company used a different set, although many are overlapping. This has allowed Y-STR database websites such as Ybase and Ysearch to convert scores from several companies and find matches within their database for submitted results.
The article Harris (name) is a useful example, chosen for its links to two surname projects and its discussion of haplogroups for one of them. Other surname-project examples are available through the external links below.

</doc>
<doc id="5935415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935415" title="Lawrence Buell">
Lawrence Buell

Lawrence Buell (born 1939) is Powell M. Cabot Professor of American Literature Emeritus at Harvard University, specialist on antebellum American literature and a pioneer of Ecocriticism. He is the 2007 recipient of the Jay Hubbell Medal for Lifetime Achievement in American Literary studies, the "highest professional award that the American Literature Section of the MLA can give." He won the 2003 Warren-Brooks Award for outstanding literary criticism for his 2003 book on Ralph Waldo Emerson. His "Writing for an Endangered World" won the 2001 John G. Cawelti Award for the best book in the field of American Culture Studies. He retired from Harvard in 2011.
Life and work.
Professor Buell earned an A.B. at Princeton University before enrolling at Cornell University for his Ph.D. He was a professor at Oberlin College before moving to Harvard in 1990.
Buell served as the Harvard College Dean of Undergraduate Education from 1992–1996, and later chaired the Department of English and American Literature and Languages. He also served on the graduate committee for degrees in the study of American Civilization.
Both the Boston Globe and the Harvard Crimson have regularly requested commentary from Buell for published articles concerning his views on undergraduate life. His term as Dean of Undergraduate Education and previous affiliation with Oberlin College are two important influences on his outlook on undergraduate education, as he is more focused on undergraduate concerns than many of his colleagues at large, research-based universities. His tenure as Dean of Undergraduate Education was unusual in setting the precedent of weekly, walk-in office hours open to all students.
Harvard College Professorship.
Buell was part of the first class of Harvard College Professorships in 1998, a now-annual award "created to recognize those especially dedicated to undergraduate teaching" at Harvard University. The award comes with "support to aid the recipient's professional development in the form of a semester of paid leave, or commensurate summer pay, or an equivalent fund to support their scholarly work." Said Buell, "To be recognized publicly for what one considers inherently most important in one's professional life is by no means to be taken for granted, and I am very grateful...Never during my eight years at Harvard have I taught an undergraduate course that I didn't enjoy teaching."
Little Lulu goes to Harvard.
Buell's mother, Marjorie Henderson Buell was the creator of the Little Lulu cartoon series, begun in the 1930s. In July 2006, Buell and his brother Fred donated the “Marge Papers,” to the Schlesinger Library at Harvard. The papers include a collection of fan letters, comic books, scrapbooks of high points in Lulu’s history, and a complete set of the newspaper cartoons.
Current President of Harvard University and then-Dean of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study Drew Gilpin Faust suggested the donation after discovering that “Marge” was Buell’s mother. Said Faust, “I was a big Little Lulu fan when I was a kid...donation was a really exciting possibility. His mother was clearly a pathbreaker, both in her creativity in designing the cartoon, the artistry involved, and the proto-feminism in this tough little girl.”
Buell's brother Fred is a published poet and literary critic, and is a professor at Queens College, New York.
Research interests.
Buell's research interests include the following: Rethinking U. S. Literature in a Globalizing World, Discourses of Literature and Environment, Theory of National Fiction, Transmutations of Genre in Anglophone Writing, Literature and/of Friendship.
Transcendentalism.
"Emerson".
Buell's 2003 book, "Emerson," was published on the eve of Ralph Waldo Emerson's 200th birthday. The book won critical acclaim, picking up the 2003 Warren-Brooks Award soon after publication.
According to the jury, Buell was selected "for a book worthy of both the great philosopher he chose as his topic and of the Brooks and Warren tradition of excellence in literary criticism." The jury added: "In an elegant, clear-speaking style, notably free of pretentious academic jargon, Dr. Buell cogently assesses Emerson's radically original contributions to fields of thought as disparate as science, politics, religion, philosophy, literature and social action."
"I am honored that my 'Emerson' has been chosen as this year's recipient of the Warren-Brooks Award," Buell said. "I also confess to being somewhat bemused and surprised," he added, "that a book about a New England icon toward whom both Mr. Warren and Mr. Brooks felt distinctly ambivalent would be honored in their name, especially considering that only one of its seven chapters is exclusively devoted to Emerson's accomplishment as a creative writer. So for that particular book to be awarded this prize in particular seems deliciously ironic." Buell added, "On the other hand, Emerson always aspired to be a poet first and foremost, and it's no less true that Brooks and Warren were my own first and foremost instructors in the art of reading literary texts. I take the judge's verdict as heartening evidence that Emerson did not aspire in vain, and that my early training somehow managed to stick."
Ecocriticism.
He is widely considered a pioneer of Ecocriticism, although his 2005 book "The Future of Environmental Criticism" uses "Environmental Criticism" in lieu of ecocriticism in both the title and preface to the book, claiming his usage as a "strategic ambiguity" which distances his work from a "cartoon image" of the field "no longer applicable today, if indeed it ever really was."

</doc>
<doc id="5935417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935417" title="Amigos (play)">
Amigos (play)

Amigos is a 2004 play by the Australian playwright David Williamson, published by Currency Press in 2004, which premiered with the Sydney Theatre Company.
Plot.
In a moment of glory at the 1968 Olympics, an Australian rowing team known as 'The Four Amigos' won bronze. It was lifetime bonding material.
Or so it seemed. Thirty-five years later only two of the Amigos keep in touch. Jim is a wealthy banker with a young, beautiful wife and seems to have it all. His friend Dick, a heart surgeon, has something that Jim covets: a sterling reputation. When the two mates meet up in Port Douglas with their wives, they have competing personal agendas. Then Steven, a third Amigo, turns up, ready to expose the past.
A savagely funny play that hinges on the subtle aggression and unacknowledged dependencies of male friendship — and the angst and irritation created for those on the sidelines.
First Production.
"Amigos" was first produced by Sydney Theatre Company at the Drama Theatre, Sydney Opera House, on 8 April 2004, with the following cast:
Jim: Gary Day
Dick: Tony Llewellyn-Jones
Stephen: Garry McDonald
Hilary: Wendy Hughes
Sophie: Natasha Elisabeth Beaumont
Director, Jennifer Flowers
Set Designer, Michael Scott-Mitchell
Costume Designer, Fiona Crombie
Lighting Designer, David Walters
Composer, Paul Charlier

</doc>
<doc id="5935427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935427" title="Pan-American Championship (jiu jitsu)">
Pan-American Championship (jiu jitsu)

The Pan-American Championship, often referred to colloquially as the "Pan Ams", is the largest Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu tournament held in North America. The event which is held annually by the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation.
History.
Representing one of the first steps toward internationalization of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, the Pan-American Championship has been held annually since 1995. While the first event garnered only 250 athletes, the event has grown every year and now hosts thousands of competitors.
The event was last held in Irvine, California, but has been held in other regions of the US in order to boost the expansion of the sport.

</doc>
<doc id="5935429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935429" title="St. Joseph's Convent School, Sagar">
St. Joseph's Convent School, Sagar

St. Joseph's Convent School (SJC) is a private coeducational Roman Catholic high school on Cantt Road, Sagar, Madhya Pradesh, India.
St. Joseph’s Convent School was founded on 6 January 1905 by the Indian Province of the Sisters of St. Joseph of Chambéry. The school is run by the sisters of St. Joseph. The institution imparts education up to 10 + 2 levels. The school campus is divided into two main sections: the Sishu Bhavan (pre-school) and the high school (primary, middle and high school). The school has a roughly three acres campus with more than 30000 students studying currently {60 students in a class }. The school has been ranked No. 1 in Sagar with high quality education. . 

</doc>
<doc id="5935434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935434" title="Ms. Melodie">
Ms. Melodie

Ms. Melodie, the stage name of Ramona Parker (née Scott; March 21, 1969 – July 17, 2012), was an American emcee. She was associated with KRS-One's group Boogie Down Productions (BDP), and was for a time married to KRS-One, until the couple's divorce in 1992. She was described by Vibe as "one of the ladies who could sonically spar with the fellas, spit raw lyrics, rhyme from a female's perspective, and hold their own."
She was raised in the Flatbush section of the New York City borough of Brooklyn. She was the older sister of former BDP member Harmony.
She participated in the 1989 "Self Destruction" piece created by the Stop the Violence Movement. AllMusic said that her single, "Hype According to Ms. Melodie", featured an "aggressive style" and was "excellent". Ms. Melodie and the rest of BDP appeared in the Keenen Ivory Wayans film "I'm Gonna Git You Sucka". Her only album, "Diva", was released the following year by Jive/RCA Records and was largely produced by KRS-One, with contributions from Sam Sever and the Awesome 2's DJ Teddy Tedd. The single "Wake Up, Wake Up" reached the Top 20 of Billboard's Hot Rap Singles chart; the music video to its follow-up single "Live on Stage" was a hit on video stations. She appeared in the music video for Queen Latifah's single "Ladies First," 
She had two sons. Parker died on July 17, 2012 at the age of 43. The cause of her death was not revealed publicly.

</doc>
<doc id="5935446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935446" title="Harbor Oaks Residential District">
Harbor Oaks Residential District

The Harbor Oaks Residential District (also known as Harbor Oaks Subdivision) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on March 15, 1988) located in Clearwater, Florida. The district is bounded by Druid Road, South Fort Harrison Avenue, Lotus Path, and Clearwater Harbor. It contains 81 historic buildings and 6 objects.

</doc>
<doc id="5935453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935453" title="Jubilation">
Jubilation

Jubilation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935461" title="Allosyncarpia">
Allosyncarpia

Allosyncarpia ternata, commonly known as "An-binik", is a species of rainforest trees constituting part of the botanical family Myrtaceae and included in the Eucalypts group. It is the only species described in its genus Allosyncarpia, in 1981 by Stanley Blake of the Queensland Herbarium. They grow naturally into large, spreading, shady trees, found only (endemic) in the Northern Territory of Australia. They grow in sandstone gorges along creeks emerging from the Arnhem Land plateau.
Distribution and habitat.
The tree dominates the closed monsoon rainforest communities along the sandstone escarpment of the western Arnhem Land Plateau. The distribution of the species appears to be limited to areas not subject to wildfire.
Ecology.
"Allosyncarpia" dominated rainforest is an important vegetation community along the floristic boundary between the patches of monsoon forest that are sheltered from wildfire, and the fire-tolerant, eucalypt dominated, tropical savannas.

</doc>
<doc id="5935469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935469" title="North Shore Historic District (St. Petersburg, Florida)">
North Shore Historic District (St. Petersburg, Florida)

The North Shore Historic District, commonly known as Old Northeast is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on February 20, 2003) located in St. Petersburg, Florida. The district, located adjacent to Downtown, is bounded by 4th Street N, 5th Avenue N, Tampa Bay, and 30th Ave N. It contains 2975 historic buildings and 4 objects. Ths area is mostly residential but does contain some retail, dining, parks and city landmarks.<ref>It also has been featured in the "Great Homes and Destinations" section of the New York Times.[http://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/11/realestate/greathomes/11havens.html

</doc>
<doc id="5935471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935471" title="Frank Alexander (actor)">
Frank Alexander (actor)

Frank Alexander (May 25, 1879 – September 8, 1937) was an American silent film comedian and actor. Alexander, who was morbidly obese (350 pounds), was best known for playing villains in the films of Larry Semon, who are often the father of Semon's love interest.
He is best known to contemporary audiences for portraying a villainous interpretation of Uncle Henry, eventually proclaimed "Prince of Whales" upon reaching the Emerald City in Semon's "Wizard of Oz". He was also part of the comedy team called "A Ton Of Fun" with two other large actors, Kewpie Ross and Hilliard Karr.
Richard M. Roberts's article in "Classic Images" listed the top ten ingredients of a Larry Semon film, which began with these four:
He was proclaimed at the time as one of the three fattest actors ever to appear on the screen, with Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle as one of the others.

</doc>
<doc id="5935474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935474" title="Blues (Eric Clapton album)">
Blues (Eric Clapton album)

Blues is a blues rock compilation album by Eric Clapton released in 1999. The release features songs from Clapton's 1970s RSO albums, as well as some unreleased material from the same era. The second disc features live recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="5935487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935487" title="Amomyrtella">
Amomyrtella

Amomyrtella is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae. It is native to South America, where it is distributed from Ecuador to Argentina.
There are two species:

</doc>
<doc id="5935495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935495" title="Pass-a-Grille Historic District">
Pass-a-Grille Historic District

The Pass-a-Grille Historic District (also known as Old Town of Pass-a-Grille) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on October 19, 1989) located in the town of Pass-a-Grille at the southern end of St. Pete Beach, Pinellas County, Florida. The district is bounded by 12th Avenue, Gulf Boulevard, 4th Avenue, and Gulf Avenue. It contains 97 historic buildings.
On September 15, 2003, the area was expanded to include an area bounded by Pass-a-Grille Way, 1st Avenue, Gulf Way, Sunset Way, and 32nd Avenue. The new area contained contains 354 more historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5935498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935498" title="Tars">
Tars

Tars or TARS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935499" title="Grover Rees, III">
Grover Rees, III

Grover Joseph Rees, III (born 1951), a Louisiana lawyer, is the former United States ambassador to the Democratic Republic of East Timor. He presented his credentials to East Timorese President Kay Rala Xanana Gusmão in December 2002, following his nomination by then U.S. President George W. Bush and confirmation by the United States Senate. East Timor declared its independence from Portugal in 1975.
Early years and education.
Rees was born in New Orleans, the first of twelve children to Grover Joseph Rees, II (born August 14, 1927), and the former Patricia Byrne (born January 25, 1927). His father was in the military; so the family traveled around a great deal. His paternal grandparents, Grover Rees, I, and the former Consuelo Broussard, both of whom lived past the age of one hundred, made their home in Breaux Bridge in St. Martin Parish, and Rees spent many summers there. Grandfather Rees wrote an acclaimed history of Breaux Bridge. Rees, I, was a 1912 graduate of the Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge and Harvard Law School in 1915.
Rees, III, obtained his undergraduate degree from Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, where he served a term as chairman of The Party of the Right (Yale) (POR). Rees, known as "Rocky," graduated from LSU's Paul M. Hebert Law School in 1978. From 1978 to 1979, he was a law clerk to then-Associate Justice Albert Tate, Jr., of the Louisiana Supreme Court. Rees speaks French, Spanish, and Samoan.
Rees is married to Landai Nguyen Rees, who is of Vietnamese descent. He has a son by a previous marriage, Grover Joseph Rees, IV, and a daughter-in-law, the former Oksana Prokhvachevaa. When Rees moved to assume his duties in East Timor, he told reporters that he expects eventually to retire to either Breaux Bridge or Lafayette, where his parents and most of his eight brothers and three sisters reside.
Defending human rights.
Rees was Chief Justice of the High Court of American Samoa from 1986 to 1991, having served under appointment from both Presidents Ronald W. Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush. He is also a former legislative aide to Representative Christopher H. Smith, a Republican from Trenton, New Jersey, the leader of antiabortion forces in the U.S. House. Rees shares Smith's antiabortion position.
Rees furthermore is a strong defender of human rights in foreign policy. From 1995 to 2001, he was the staff director and chief counsel of the U.S. House Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights.
American Samoa, where Rees was stationed for five years, became a landmark case in the United States' prosecution of human trafficking—the international practice of forcing people into servitude, slavery, peonage, child labor, or the sex industry.
Rees warned that anyone who exploits workers will face legal consequences in the United States. "If you're going to traffic women and men to slave-like situations, you better not do it in a place under the American flag," he said. As a congressional aide, Rees helped to draft the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000.
He was general counsel to the Immigration and Naturalization Service, then part of the U.S. Justice Department, from 1991 to 1993, in the administration of the first President Bush. He stayed at the INS on for a time after Bill Clinton assumed the presidency, but when Clinton "turned back a boatload of Chinese refugees in California and sent them back to China, the president had Joseph's resignation on his desk the next day," said his mother, Patricia Rees.
Mrs. Rees said that her son, whom she addresses as "Joseph," has always been passionate about standing up for the rights of oppressed people.
Optimism for the future of East Timor.
In his first speech as ambassador, Rees said that the United States is pleased with the level of freedom and democracy achieved thus far in the Asian country. He urged greater involvement by the Timorese people in their new government. The goal of the leadership of East Timor, he said, must be to maintain security, promote democracy, and guarantee stability so as to attract critically needed foreign investments.
Rees worked on the Timor issue for several years prior to his appointment as ambassador. In 1998, four days after the fall of President Suharto, he visited President Gusmão at Cipinang prison in Jakarta, as part of Congressman Smith’s delegation. Rees again visited Gusmão when the latter was transferred to house arrest in Salemba in 1999.
Rees expresses optimism for the future of East Timor, a country that, he said, is "rising from the ashes." Rees said that he visited the island in 1996, while it was struggling with the issue of self-determination after some two decades of oppression by Indonesia, and again in 2000, just after a vote for independence.
East Timor was in 1996 "nothing but smoking ruins, but now there's a democratically elected president and parliament. Now there is hope," Rees predicted. The new Timorese government "is an experiment in an area of the world that for the most part has not embraced democratic forms of government. . . . It's like being at ground zero during the birth of a nation, like being in Boston in 1776," he said.
The Elián González affair.
His view of human rights led Rees to support a full hearing to determine whether little Elián González (born 1993) should remain with relatives in Miami or be returned to communist Cuba. Rees decried the pre-dawn raid that resulted in Elián's capture by INS agents. The whole case was, he said, a triumph for Cuban President Fidel Castro. "Castro has actually been able to turn the Elián issue to his advantage across a broad field of ways." When asked why the Republican Congress did not rise up against the seizure of Elián, presumably against the boy's wishes, to communist governance, Reese cited public opinion polls. "Had the polls suggested that 70 or 80 percent of the people were appalled by the pre-dawn raid in Miami, you would have seen a different reaction in Congress," said Rees.
Rees said that he was stunned when he learned that the number of federal agents who participated in "Operation Reunion," the raid to seize Elián from his great uncle's home in Miami, included a total of 151 persons, 131 from the INS and 20 from the United States Marshal's office.
A former law professor and author.
Prior to his move to Washington in 1986, Rees had served for seven years as an assistant professor at the University of Texas Law School in Austin. He wrote numerous law review articles, one of which declared the 1979 congressional vote to extend ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment for three additional years to be unconstitutional. In that the ERA was not added to the Constitution, the U.S. Supreme Court never ruled on the constitutionality of the extension.
In another law article, Rees argued for traditional constitutional law, rather than judge-made law in which the jurists often insert their personal legal and political views in the decisions.
Rees also served as a special counsel to then Attorney General Edwin Meese, III, in 1986. He worked on judicial appointments. He attempted to find conservative judges who would overturn the liberal legacies of the Earl Warren and the Warren E. Burger courts but would do so without their own "activist" agenda. Rees was quoted in a column by the late Joseph Sobran as "bristling" at the use of the word "activist."
As he was finishing law school, Rees published a short campaign biography of then U.S. Representative David C. Treen, a fellow Republican who was then seeking the Louisiana governorship for a second time. In 1979, Treen was elected Louisiana's first Republican governor since Reconstruction: he served from 1980 to 1984. Rees titled his book "Dave Treen of Louisiana". Treen was also Louisiana's first Republican congressman (1973–1980) of the 20th century. Rees was also a press assistant to Treen in 1973 and a member of the Young Republicans while he was in college.

</doc>
<doc id="5935501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935501" title="Right Where You Want Me">
Right Where You Want Me

"Right Where You Want Me" is the first single and only single released in the U.S from Jesse McCartney's second album of the same name. It is also the title song for the Disney Channel Original Movie "Return to Halloweentown". It also appears on the soundtrack to the 2007 Sony Pictures Animation film "Surf's Up." It is also audible in the video game "".
On 3 August 2006, McCartney brought the world premiere of this music video to TRL.
Radio Disney Edit.
McCartney recorded an edited version of the song for Radio Disney and it is featured on Radio Disney Jams, Vol. 9. He performed at the Radio Disney 10th Birthday Concert. The slightly suggestive lines, "please don't take your time" was replaced to "you've been on my mind" and "Baby don't be gentle. I can handle anything." to "Girl don't keep me waiting. Now's the time to get away.".
Major edits were in the 1st and 2nd verses, and also the bridge of the song:
Music video.
The video features McCartney following a girl, along with clips of him in the recording studio with his band. In the end, the video features both of them driving cars at the same time with them smiling at each other, hinting a mutual attraction to each other. The video received heavy rotation on MTV, VH1, Nickelodeon, and Disney Channel. 
However, Disney Channel removed the scenes with McCartney and the girl, and instead aired two versions that features McCartney in the recording studio with his band. The first version features "Return to Halloweentown" clips and the second version aired without the movie clips. The first version was heavily played on the channel in 2006, as it was the theme song of Return To Halloweentown, and it promoted both the movie and the song on Radio Disney, making stay on its Top 30 countdown throughout 2006. The second version can only be seen on Disney.com.
Formats and track listing.
CD 1
CD 2
Hidden Track Remixes
Official Versions
Official/Radio Edit- 3:06
Album Version- 3:33
Radio Disney Edit- 3:02

</doc>
<doc id="5935509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935509" title="Tore, Scotland">
Tore, Scotland

Tore () is a small village on the Black Isle, in the Highland region of Scotland.
Geography.
It is located seven miles north of Inverness, next to the A9 road. The Tore roundabout, a major roundabout where the A9 intersects the A832 and the A835, is next to the village. It is split up and therefore set around the roundabout. The school and hall are in their own area, whilst the service station is positioned on the other side. The residents' houses are spread over both halves of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="5935514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935514" title="Keselo">
Keselo

Keselo is a small medieval fortress just above the village of Omalo in Tusheti (historic geographic area in eastern Georgia). Its location is dazzling, surrounded by northern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountains. Keselo is bordered in the north by Republic of Chechnya and Dagestan, in the east by the Georgian historic provinces Kakheti and Pshav-Khevsureti to the south. The population of the area is mainly ethnic Georgians called Tushs or Tushetians (), However, there are some villages nearby which are populated by Daghestanis.
History.
Keselo towers which originally totalled thirteen were constructed during the Mongol invasion of Georgia in 1230s. The towers offered protection to the inhabitants of old Omalo from the invading Mongols and later Daghestani tribes. During the raid on Tush villages by the invader, people abandoned their villages and used towers as temporary shelters.
During the Soviet time, most of the towers were ruined. However, in 2003 the rebuilding of five towers of the medieval fortress of Keselo commenced. This project was sponsored privately by Henk and Eliane Hooft, a Dutch family living in Georgia and later by Keselo Foundation. The restoration was done according to the medieval Tush tradition of constructing fortified towers. The restorations also included a monument in the nearby village of Dartlo and the restoration of a tower in Khiso, on the road to Omalo. The work itself was bringing to light an array of archaeological artefacts, such as ancient rock art motifs and Bronze Age axes and jewellery.

</doc>
<doc id="5935526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935526" title="Round Lake Historic District (St. Petersburg, Florida)">
Round Lake Historic District (St. Petersburg, Florida)

The Round Lake Historic District (also known as Round Lake Residential Neighborhood) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on September 29, 2003) located in St. Petersburg, Florida. The district is roughly bounded by 5th Avenue N, 9th Street N, 13th Avenue N, and 4th Street N. It contains 1000 historic buildings. Recently, it merged with several other neighborhoods - including S. Crescent and Uptown to become the Historic Uptown Neighborhood. 

</doc>
<doc id="5935527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935527" title="Ivan Garanin">
Ivan Garanin

Ivan Ivanovich Garanin () (born August 1, 1945) is a former cross-country skier who represented the Soviet Union.
Garanin trained at VSS Enbek in Rudni, Kostanay Province. At the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, Garanin took a bronze medals in the 30 km and the 4 x 10 km relay. He later won the "Vasaloppet", in 1977.
Garanin won a silver medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1974 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Falun.

</doc>
<doc id="5935534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935534" title="W15BU-D">
W15BU-D

W15BU-D is a low-power religious digital television station in Johnston City, Illinois, broadcasting locally on channel 15 and owned by the Three Angels Broadcasting Network. Despite its low-power status, the station can be considered the flagship station of 3ABN as it is the closest station to the network's base of operations in West Frankfort.
Digital television.
The station's channel 15 digital signal is multiplexed;

</doc>
<doc id="5935538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935538" title="Amomyrtus">
Amomyrtus

Amomyrtus is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae. It is native to temperate southern South America, where it is distributed in Chile and Argentina.
These plants produce large, white flowers with abundant pollen and fleshy black fruits containing one to three seeds. The plants are self-compatible.
There are 2 species:

</doc>
<doc id="5935544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935544" title="Bartow Downtown Commercial District">
Bartow Downtown Commercial District

The Bartow Downtown Commercial District (also known as the Old Polk County Courthouse) is a historic district in central Bartow, Florida. Composed of an area bounded by Davidson and Summerlin Streets and Broadway and Florida Avenues, the district includes twenty-one contributing properties. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5935561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935561" title="Institute for the Psychological Sciences">
Institute for the Psychological Sciences

The Institute for the Psychological Sciences is a Catholic graduate school of psychology founded in 1999 with the mission of basing the scientific study of psychology on a Catholic understanding of the person, marriage and the family. IPS offers Master of Science (M.S.) and Doctoral (Psy.D.) degrees in Clinical Psychology, and a Master of Science (M.S.) degree in Psychology (also available as an online degree), and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACS COC).
The Institute for the Psychological Sciences is governed by its Board of Directors, which has complete and final governing authority over the Institute. The Board consists of the Bishop of Arlington, Virginia, seven lay Catholic leaders and three members of the Legion of Christ. The Legion sponsors the Institute by providing a President and a Chaplain and helping to maintain the Catholic identity of the Institute.
The Institute for the Psychological Sciences will be an international center for scholarship and professional training dedicated to the development of a psychology grounded in an integral Catholic-Christian view of the human person. Maintaining the highest academic standards, it will educate new generations of psychologists as well as professionals in psychology-related fields and open new areas of research for psychological theories that explore the relationship of psychology and the Catholic-Christian understanding of the human person.
History.
IPS was founded in 1999 by a group of mental health professionals, academicians, and clinicians who perceived a need for a proper understanding of the interrelationship between psychology and its philosophical foundations. 
In 2005 The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACS COC) granted accreditation to award master’s and doctoral degrees. A year later, the Psy.D. Program is recognized as an Association of State and Provincial Psychology Boards (ASPPB)/National Register Designated Doctoral Program in Psychology. In 2010 IPS is reaffirmed for accreditation for another 10 years by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACS COC), successfully meeting all 86 SACS COC standards and requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="5935566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935566" title="Rolls-Royce Power Systems">
Rolls-Royce Power Systems

Rolls-Royce Power Systems AG is the name of a German industrial concern, which holds interests in a number of engine manufacturing brands and facilities, jointly owned by Rolls-Royce and Daimler AG. The company previously traded, from 2006 to 2014 as Tognum AG. 
History.
Tognum AG was formed when private equity fund EQT IV acquired in late 2005 several Off-Highway divisions of DaimlerChrysler. All units are to assume the corporate brand, but will otherwise operate independently.
The company went public on 2 July 2007, listed in the Prime Standard segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. EQT retained a minority share of 22.3% until April 2008, when it was sold to Daimler AG.
Rolls-Royce Holdings and Daimler AG launched a takeover for Tognum in March 2011. The two companies announced on 24 June 2011 that their joint €3.4 billion tender offer had been successful, with 94% of Tognum shareholders accepting. Once the acquisition was complete, Tognum is run as a 50-50 joint venture, with Rolls-Royce merging its Bergen Marine diesel engines unit into the operation.
The acquisition of Tognum by the two companies was completed in September 2011 and the business continued to trade as Tognum AG until January 2014, when it was renamed Rolls-Royce Power Systems AG. Rolls-Royce Holdings confirmed in March 2014 that they would purchase Daimler AG's 50% stake in the joint venture. Daimler AG will continue to supply engines to Rolls-Royce as part of existing long term supply agreements which run to 2025, this results from smaller MTU engines being derived from Daimler AG's range of diesel engines used in their on-highway commercial vehicles.
Rolls-Royce will fund the acquisition through a mixture of cash and some borrowing, paying Daimler AG around £1.9 billion (€2.3 billion) for their stake in the business. Analysts expect the deal to add between 5 and 6% to Rolls-Royce earnings. Daimler AG will use the proceeds to fund investments in their core automotive business.
Operating brands.
There is also a joint venture with Transmashholding, called MTU Transmashholding Diesel Technologies; it will produce MTU 4000-series engines at a factory near Kolomna in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="5935571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935571" title="Angasomyrtus">
Angasomyrtus

Angasomyrtus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, containing the sole species Angasomyrtus salina. The name is still accepted by some authorities, while others accept its transfer into genus "Kunzea" as "Kunzea salina".
The plant is endemic to Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5935573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935573" title="New Literary History">
New Literary History

"New Literary History: A Journal of Theory & Interpretation" is a quarterly academic journal published by Johns Hopkins University Press. It focuses on the history and theory of literature, and key questions of interpretation. The journal has received six awards from the Council of Editors of Learned Journals.
From its inception in 1969, through 2008, "New Literary History" was under the editorship of its founder, Ralph Cohen. , it is edited by Rita Felski (University of Virginia).
History.
"New Literary History" was established as part of the Sesquicentennial Celebration of the University of Virginia in 1969 by Ralph Cohen. At the time, according to Cohen, there was no "English literary journal devoted to critical theory or to a reconsideration of literary history, its nature and possibilities. "New Literary History" was conceived as a move against the critical current; its aim was to inquire into the theoretical bases of practical criticism and, in doing so, to reexamine the relation between past works and present critical and theoretical needs."
The journal publishes essays that deal with the nature of literary theory, the aims of literature, the idea of literary history, the reading process, hermeneutics, the relation of linguistics to literature, literary change, literary value, the definitions of periods and their uses in interpretations, the evolution of styles, conventions, and genres, as well as articles from other disciplines that help interpret or define the problems of literary history or literary study.
"New Literary History" played a crucial role in expanding the concerns of literary criticism beyond the close reading of individual literary texts, characteristic of the New Criticism, and in introducing British and American scholars to methodologies and theoretical approaches to literature from continental Europe. According to Wolfgang Iser, 
It was Ralph Cohen's editorial policy to raise issues that were not in the orbit of the discipline when the journal was launched, such as: What is Literature, History, Interpretation, Criticism, and to what extent does the exploration of these issues require a theoretical approach? Thus basic presuppositions and assumptions of the study of literature came under close scrutiny which, in turn, had to be contextualized in order to trace the provenance of what has been posited in the theoretical approaches concerned.
The journal was characterized by "an attempt to bring Anglo-American criticism into a close interrelationship with Continental approaches to literature and culture; it gave "New Literary History" a unique profile." In 2001, "New Literary History" became "the first English-language literary journal to be printed in Chinese", with a selection of its essays translated and published in Chinese annually.

</doc>
<doc id="5935579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935579" title="Oster (disambiguation)">
Oster (disambiguation)

Oster or Ostyor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935581" title="1988 Soul Train Music Awards">
1988 Soul Train Music Awards

The 1988 Soul Train Music Awards were held on March 30, 1988 at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium in Los Angeles, California. The show was broadcast live in select cities and aired later in other areas. Dionne Warwick hosted. 
Nominees and Winners.
Winners are in bold with an asterisk (*).

</doc>
<doc id="5935586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935586" title="Winter Haven Heights Historic Residential District">
Winter Haven Heights Historic Residential District

The Winter Haven Heights Historic Residential District (also known as Winter Haven Heights Historic District) is a U.S. historic district in Winter Haven, Florida. It is roughly bounded by Lake Martha, 2nd Street Northeast, 5th Street Northeast, and Avenue A Northeast, encompasses approximately , and contains 147 historic buildings. On June 15, 2000, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="5935597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935597" title="Anastasiya Usova">
Anastasiya Usova

Anastasiya Usova (Rus: Анастасия Усова) (born December 28, 1988 in Aktobe, Kazakh, Soviet Union (present Kazakhstan)) is a Kazakhstani singer who rose to popularity after placing second in "SuperStar KZ 3", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol". She had fewest votes to Nurzhan Kermenbayev.
Anastasiya includes Dilnaz Akhmadieva, Whitney Houston and Irina Dubtsova among her main musical influences.
SuperStar KZ 3 performances.
Theatre Round (Day Three): "Махаббат Жалыны" by Madina Sadvaqasova<br>
Top 40: "Adagio" by Lara Fabian<br>
Wildcard: "Бакыт Кушагында" by Shamshi Kaldayakova<br>
Top 12: "Woman In Love" by Barbra Streisand<br>
Top 11: "Дольче Вита" by Zhasmin<br>
Top 10: "Лесной Олень" by Evgeniy Krylatov<br>
Top 9: "Акапулько" by Laima Vaikule<br>
Top 8: "Махаббат Жалыны" by Madina Sadvaqasova<br>
Top 7: "Золотой" by Dilnaz Akhmadiyeva<br>
Top 6: "Қарлығаш" by Daos Interneshil<br>
Top 5: "Телефонная Книжка" by Alla Pugacheva<br>
Top 5: "One Way Ticket" by Neil Sedaka<br>
Top 4: "From Sarah with Love" by Sarah Connor<br>
Top 4: "Февраль" by Leonida Agutina & Anzheliki Varum (with Kayrat Tuntekov)<br>
Top 3: "Listen With Your Heart" by Roxette<br>
Top 3: "How Could An Angel Break My Heart?" by Toni Braxton<br>
Top 2: "Сенен Баска"<br>
Top 2: "Любимый"<br>
Top 2: "Атамекен" by Roza Rimbayeva

</doc>
<doc id="5935598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935598" title="The Classic Crime">
The Classic Crime

The Classic Crime is an American rock band from Seattle, Washington formed in 2004. The band's current lineup consists of Matt MacDonald (vocals, guitar), Alan Clark (bass), Robert "Cheeze" Negrin (guitar), and Paul "Skip" Erickson (drums, vocals). They have released three albums and an EP on Tooth & Nail Records, two of which, "The Silver Cord" (2008) and "Vagabonds" (2010), charted in the Billboard 200. In July 2011, the band left Tooth & Nail to produce a fourth album with the help of fan donations via Kickstarter, called "Phoenix" (2012).
Background.
Their debut album "Albatross" was released on May 23, 2006. The band currently has an estimated 10 million plays on Myspace. "Albatross" had the highest debut sales in the history of Tooth & Nail records with over 4,000 sales in the first week it was released. The band's second full length record, "The Silver Cord" was released July 22, 2008. They also released an EP, "Acoustic Seattle Sessions". They finished their third record "Vagabonds", which was released April 6, 2010.
The band has toured with A Change Of Pace, A Static Lullaby, Quietdrive, I Am Ghost, Relient K, So They Say, Just Surrender, Powerspace, Mest, Allister, Aiden, and Scary Kids Scaring Kids. They have also toured with fellow Tooth & Nail bands Anberlin, Emery, MxPx, Project 86, The Fold, and Run Kid Run. The band was on both the 2006 and 2008 Warped Tour. The Classic Crime is also going on a Headlining ATTICUS tour with A Change of Pace, Lower Definition, Tyler Read, Jet Lag Gemini, and Artist vs Poet. They toured in 2009 with Relient K and Owl City.
They were no longer signed to Tooth & Nail Records as of July 2011. With the assistance of a Kickstarter fundraising project, the band released the album, Phoenix, on August 14, 2012.
On November 8, 2011, Justin that he would be leaving the band following the December 16 concert at the Showbox Sodo in Seattle, WA. He went on to say that he was leaving the band on good terms to pursue a career in health care and to devote more time to being a father.
Matt MacDonald formed a side project with his wife, Kristie, called Vocal Few. They composed an EP to raise money to provide for their daughter, Praise, who was born December 12, 2011.
In December 2012, The Classic Crime became the second band to go public on The New York Rock Exchange. (http://tcc.newyorkrockexchange.com)
Christianity.
Some fans have assumed that The Classic Crime is a Christian band due to being signed on to Tooth & Nail Records. Also adding to the confusion is that many music stores and online sales list The Classic Crime as a Christian band for the same reason. This is true of iTunes Store. Also, all four of The Classic Crime's full-length albums have charted on Billboard Music's Top Christian Albums music chart. However, The Classic Crime does not label themselves a "Christian" band. As Matt writes on TCC's discussion board, "We believe faith is personal, and can be only held by an individual person. To entitle a group 'Christian' would be to assume that the group has a collective soul, or at least individual souls tied to a solid collective belief. Not everyone in our band is decidedly set in their faith, and we respect that."
References.
Review on Punk76.com

</doc>
<doc id="5935606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935606" title="Separation (EP)">
Separation (EP)

Separation is an EP by Halou.

</doc>
<doc id="5935608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935608" title="Startling Music">
Startling Music

Startling Music is a music publishing company, founded by musician Ringo Starr, drummer of The Beatles.
Starr had initially been signed to Northern Songs, the company set up by publisher Dick James and Beatles manager Brian Epstein on behalf of the band in 1963. As the main songwriting Beatles, John Lennon and Paul McCartney drew a larger share of benefits (and royalties) from their contract, while Starr and George Harrison were sometimes given second-class treatment, and found their songs and interests under-promoted by the company.
When Northern Songs was turned into a public company, Starr and Harrison were each given part-ownership (their shares together totalling about 1.8% of the venture), on top of the writer's royalties from their published songs. This wasn't incentive enough to re-sign with Northern Songs, though, as Lennon and McCartney (who owned about 15% each) did in 1968, when the band's publishing deal expired. Instead, Harrison started his own publishing company, Harrisongs Ltd., and Starr followed suit, establishing Startling Music. Both were thus somewhat insulated when Northern Songs fell victim to a buyout from ATV in 1969. (Ironically, while Lennon and McCartney made the most of the situation by cashing in their shares in the company they no longer controlled, Starr and Harrison retained theirs, and continued to have a minority voice in Northern Songs.)
While Starr wrote the least number of songs of any Beatle (his contribution was more in ideas for lyrics or themes, occasional one-liners, or titles such as "A Hard Day's Night" and "Tomorrow Never Knows"), owning his own publishing gave Starr a sounder business footing, and a larger share of income than he'd had as a "paid writer". Startling Music published "Don't Pass Me By" and "Octopus's Garden" and handled royalties for his co-written material with the other Beatles, on their last albums.
After The Beatles broke-up in 1970, Starr wrote or co-wrote much more of his own material for his solo records (with Vini Poncia becoming a longtime collaborator and Harrison teaming up with Starr on "Photograph" and other songs) and Startling Music continued to publish Starr's new music. He also bought the publishing rights to the songs he recorded for "Beaucoups of Blues", his second solo album and a venture into the Country and Western genre. With a string of hit singles and several hit albums in the early 1970s, Starr and his company both prospered.

</doc>
<doc id="5935609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935609" title="Mark Boyd (footballer)">
Mark Boyd (footballer)

Mark Edward Boyd (born 22 October 1981) is an English football midfielder who plays for Northern League side Celtic Nation.
Beginning his career with Newcastle United, he never made the first team and instead signed with Port Vale in 2002. After two years with the Vale he moved north to Scottish side Gretna via Carlisle United. Failing to make an impact he returned to the Football League with a Macclesfield Town loan in 2005. After a short spell with Accrington Stanley in 2006, he joined non-league side Southport. He joined Irish club Sligo Rovers in 2007, before turning to the English non-league scene with Barrow the following year. He joined Workington via Droylsden in 2011, before switching to Celtic Nation in June 2013. He helped Celtic Nation to a second place finish in the Northern League in 2013–14.
Playing career.
Mark began his career in the Newcastle United youth team coming through the ranks before leaving on a free transfer to League One side Port Vale. However, he suffered a broken ankle with a couple of months of the season remaining. Boyd never really forced his way back into the reckoning the following season as Vale were challenging for the play-offs in League One and he was released by mutual consent in 2004 to join Carlisle United until the end of the season.
For the next two seasons Boyd could not forge a longer term deal with a club and ended up playing bit part roles for Carlisle United, Gretna, Macclesfield Town, and finally Accrington Stanley, before eventually signing for Conference side Southport before the 2006–07 season. 
His Southport career began disappointingly with a missed penalty in the team's first game of the season. The next year he transferred to Sligo Rovers in Republic of Ireland.
In January 2008 he was back in England with Barrow of the Conference North. In May 2008, Barrow beat Staylybridge Celtic 1–0 to gain promotion back into the Conference National via the Conference North play-offs. Boyd remained a key part of the Barrow squad during their first two seasons in the Conference National, culminating in the club's 2–1 victory over Stevenage in the 2009–10 FA Trophy final. In the match itself Boyd replaced Paul Rutherford with just ten minutes of extra time remaining, Jason Walker having already scored Barrow's winning goal three minutes earlier.
In February 2011 Boyd signed a short contract at Droylsden of the Conference North, following a one month loan spell. In the June that year he became Workington's first summer signing, penning a one-year deal. The "Reds" finished 13th and 14th in the Conference North in 2011–12 and 2012–13. He quit Workington in June 2013 to join Northern League side Celtic Nation. He helped Celtic Nation to a second place finish in the Northern League in 2013–14.

</doc>
<doc id="5935610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935610" title="Peter Joseph Jugis">
Peter Joseph Jugis

Peter Joseph Jugis (born March 3, 1957) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the fourth and current bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Charlotte and is seated at the Cathedral of St. Patrick in Charlotte, North Carolina. He succeeded Bishop William George Curlin as bishop of the diocese.
Early life.
Peter Joseph Jugis was born in Charlotte, North Carolina, on March 3, 1957, and baptized at St. Ann's Catholic Church in 1957 by a priest who later became Bishop Michael J. Begley, the first Bishop of Charlotte. He attended South Mecklenburg High School and graduated in 1975. He studied at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, where he obtained a B.A. in Business Administration in 1979. He studied for the priesthood at the Pontifical North American College in Rome, Italy, from 1979 to 1984, and received a Theology degree (S.T.B.) from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome in 1982.
Priesthood.
He was ordained to the priesthood on June 12, 1983, by Pope John Paul II in St. Peter's Basilica in Rome. He received a licentiate degree in canon law (J.C.L.) from the Pontifical Gregorian University, Rome, in 1984 and a doctorate in canon law (J.C.D.) from the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C., in 1993. After ordination he was assigned to various parishes around the Charlotte area. In July 1991 he was appointed Judicial Vicar of the diocesan marriage tribunal of the Diocese of Charlotte.
Episcopacy.
Pope John Paul II appointed Jugis as the fourth bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Charlotte on August 1, 2003. When his appointment as bishop was announced he was pastor of Our Lady of Lourdes Church in Monroe, North Carolina, and judicial vicar of the diocesan marriage tribunal. He received episcopal consecration at St. Matthew Church in Charlotte on October 24, 2003, from Archbishop John Francis Donoghue, with Bishop William George Curlin and Bishop Francis Joseph Gossman serving as co-consecrators.
Views.
During the 2004 presidential election he said that politicians who support abortion rights should be denied Holy Communion unless they publicly recant their views. In 2009 he endorsed a bill opposing gay marriage. He also voiced his disapproval of University of Notre Dame's invitation to President Barack Obama as the commencement speaker for its graduation ceremony and awarding him an honorary doctoral degree. In 2011 he pledged personal support for the abortion veto override in House Bill 584, the Woman's Right to Know Act, after the bill was vetoed by North Carolina Governor Bev Perdue.
He is liturgically orthodox. In 2005 he issued liturgical norms for Diocese of Charlotte. In 2006 he reminded his priests that if they chose to wash parishioners' feet during Holy Thursday services, liturgical law mandated that the ceremony was to be reserved to men's feet only. He supports the celebration of the Traditional Latin Mass in his diocese. He also offers Mass using the so-called Benedictine altar arrangement of a cross and six candles and has been seen to offer Mass ad orientem.

</doc>
<doc id="5935614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935614" title="Archirhodomyrtus">
Archirhodomyrtus

Archirhodomyrtus is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae. There are five species, four native to New Caledonia and one native to Australia.
These are trees and shrubs with oppositely arranged leaves and flowers in the leaf axils. Flowers are solitary, paired, or in threes. There are 5 sepals, 5 petals, and many stamens. The fruit is a smooth berry with many seeds.
Species:

</doc>
<doc id="5935618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935618" title="Taken By Storm">
Taken By Storm

Taken By Storm: The Troubled Science, Policy and Politics of Global Warming is a 2002 book about the global warming controversy by Christopher Essex and Ross McKitrick. The authors argue that politicians and others claim far more certainty than is justified by the science:
The authors argue that public policy discussions have abandoned science and resorted to "ad hominem" attacks:

</doc>
<doc id="5935623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935623" title="Hilander Foods">
Hilander Foods

Hilander was a small chain of supermarkets in the metro area of Rockford, Illinois. The stores were operated by Schnucks, which acquired the chain from The Kroger Co. on September 21, 2011. The stores have been as of May 2013 rebranded to Schnucks. 
History.
Joseph Castrogiovanni and his wife Rose founded Sanitary Meat Market in 1919. Castrogiovanni later renamed the chain Hilander. After a couple decades, their sons Alfred , Anthony, John, and Joseph, joined the family business. The Castrogiovanni family ran the Hilander Foods chain until 1997.
Kroger and Schnucks.
In September 28, 1998, The Kroger Company of Cincinnati, Ohio, acquired the Hilander Foods chain. Kroger ran the chain under its Central division which includes Pay Less Food Markets, Owen's Market, JayC Food Stores, and Scott's Food & Pharmacy. Alfred Castrogiovanni died in 2010, at age 87. In late 2011, The Kroger Co. sold the chain to Schnuck Markets, Inc., the owner of local rival Logli. Schnucks kept running the stores under the Hilander Foods banner for a couple of years, but eventually rebranded the stores. In 2011, there were seven Hilander stores: five in Rockford, one in Cherry Valley, and one in Roscoe.

</doc>
<doc id="5935643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935643" title="W29CI-D">
W29CI-D

W29CI-D is a low-power religious television station in Salem, Illinois, broadcasting locally on channel 29 as an affiliate of 3ABN. Founded September 28, 1999, the station is owned by Three Angels Broadcasting Network. 

</doc>
<doc id="5935646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935646" title="Joe Cheng">
Joe Cheng

Joseph Cheng, also known as Joe Cheng, () was born on 19 June 1982. He is a Taiwanese model, actor and singer. Although he started his career as a model, Cheng is well known for his role as Jiang Zhishu in Taiwanese drama serial version of Japanese manga "Itazura Na Kiss", "It Started with a Kiss". Cheng has gained much recognition as an actor in most parts of Asia, particularly Taiwan, China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Philippines and Japan. Cheng released his debut EP, "Sing a Song", in October 2009. The title of the EP as well as its title track is a play on the third word in his name, Chang (暢) as a homophone of the word “Sing” (唱) in Chinese.
Early life.
Joe Cheng, who was previously (prior to 2005) known as Bryan Cheng, grew up in Beitun District, Taichung, Taiwan. Since his parents’ divorce when he was in primary school, he has lived with his father. He also has an elder sister, who lives with their mother. Cheng has once professed that his parents’ divorce influenced his lack of faith in love and made him rather embarrassed by his mother’s absence as a child.
Acting career.
Cheng began his career in the entertainment industry with Catwalk Modelling Agency. He reportedly achieved success as a model within one year of signing on and is currently still under the management of the company. Cheng is based in Taiwan and also counts China, Hong Kong and Japan as his main target markets.
As a model, Cheng was featured in several music videos, including one of Heavenly King Jacky Cheung's. In 2003, he took on the role of the second male lead in The Rose, a Taiwanese drama serial which also starred Taiwanese girl band S.H.E. and renowned actress Cecilia Yip. It was this role that kick-started his acting career. Following his rising popularity and the success of his first acting role, Cheng was asked to make a guest appearance as Lucifer in Taiwanese boyband Energy’s first-ever idol drama, Dance with Michael, in the same year. Cheng starred as the main lead in two dramas, Nine-ball and Magic Ring in 2004. Although these two serials achieved lukewarm success, Cheng took the role of the main lead in It Started with a Kiss in the following year. This serial achieved high ratings in Taiwan and was popular with audiences throughout Asia. Cheng’s popularity rose tremendously as a result. It Started with a Kiss was also Cheng’s first collaboration with actress Ariel Lin. The two, who are often touted as one of Taiwan’s most compatible on-screen couples, paired up again in the 2007 sequel to It Started with a Kiss, They Kiss Again; as well as Love or Bread (2008) which is unrelated to the Kiss series. Cheng has starred in numerous drama serials produced in Taiwan,China and Japan, but remains most well known for his roles in The Rose and the Kiss series.
As a model, Cheng has modelled for several big-name brands including Puma AG (2003–2005) and adidas (2006–present). He has starred in numerous runway shows for brands such as Marc Jacob’s (2003), Timberland, Levi’s and Christian Dior (2007) He often also appears at flagship store openings including Hugo Boss (2009). Cheng also endorses several food, jewellery and clothing brands; the most recent being Chinese green tea brand Kang Shifu (for which Cheng starred and recorded a song with Mike He and Taiwanese actress Joe Chen) as well as casual wear brand N+a (with Taiwanese singer-actress Cyndi Wang). He also worked as a spokesperson for Shiatzy Chen.
Excluding drama serial memorabilia, Cheng has released three pictorial books in addition to four calendars and one mini pictorial in conjunction with the release of his EP in 2009. He has also authored two books and co-authored another on his hometown Taichung. He was also featured in a 2006 book on Catwalk Modelling Agency.
Cheng has won multiple awards as a model and as a performing artiste. The most notable include one at the Asia Model Festival Awards 2009, in which he won the Asia Special Award.
Cheng, together with Sylvia Chang and Mike He, was appointed as an ambassador for World Vision in December 2009.
Music career.
2009 was a quiet year for the television star, who spent the year busy with his theatre debut, Design for Living, starring opposite stage veterans Sylvia Chang and David Wang, under the directorship of Hong Kong stage director Edward Lam. The troupe made several sell-out shows in Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and Singapore. Cheng said that it has always been one of his goals to star in a stage play and was very honoured to have been able to star in the same production as Sylvia Chang. In the same year he also released his first EP, Sing a Song. Cheng is known by his friends in the industry as one who loves to sing. Album sales were fair and the EP topped certain charts in Taiwan but Cheng failed to convince music critics of the industry. Much to the dismay of his fans, Cheng did not star in any drama series in 2009.
In addition to his entertainment career, Cheng is completing his part-time university studies in tourism management at Hsing Wu College. As all males in Taiwan have to enlist for National Service, Cheng is due to enlist as soon as he completes his education.
In 2010 Cheng represented Taiwan and performed at the 7th Asia Song Festival, organised by "Korea Foundation for International Culture Exchange", at the Seoul Olympic Stadium.
Personal life.
Joe Cheng is now discharged from military service in the second regiment of the Taiwan Coast Guard.

</doc>
<doc id="5935668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935668" title="Arillastrum">
Arillastrum

Arillastrum is a monotypic genus of trees in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, containing the single species Arillastrum gummiferum. It is endemic to southern New Caledonia.
Like several other genera related to "Eucalyptus", it is called a eucalypt. It is a tree up to 35 meters tall with a trunk over a meter wide. It might flower only every seven years. The flowers each have four clusters of stamens and staminodes.
This species grows on ultramafic rock substrates. It grows in stands with other individuals of its species.
The species has been called "one of New Caledonia's most economically and ecologically significant trees." It has been heavily exploited for its strong, dark red, resinous wood, which is useful for the construction of buildings, bridges, boats, and telephone poles. Its populations have been significantly reduced by logging.

</doc>
<doc id="5935669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935669" title="Douglass Wallop">
Douglass Wallop

John Douglass Wallop III (8 March 1920 – 1 April 1985) was an American novelist and playwright.
Biography.
Early life.
John Douglass Wallop III was born in Washington, DC on 8 March 1920 to John Douglass, Jr., an insurance agent, and Marjorie Wallop (maiden name Ellis).
Wallop graduated from the University of Maryland in 1942, where he served as editor of "The Old Line", a student-run literary and humor magazine.
Writing career.
His first novel, 1953's "Night Light", concerns a father's search into the background of his child's murderer. Anne Brooks of the "New York Herald Tribune Book Review" said "created characters who are both real and colorful, and he has delved into a maniac's mind with considerable understanding." R.G. Peck wrote an article for the "Chicago Sunday Tribune" and said it was the "first novel that's well constructed, carefully written, and free of painful mannerisms." Al Hine of the Saturday Review said it's a "novel that is moving and tautly interesting from first page to last. Mr. Wallop writes fluently and without affectation, even when he is exploring the subcellars of bop."
Career.
He authored 13 works but is most famous for "The Year the Yankees Lost the Pennant" (1954), which was adapted by Wallop and George Abbott into the Tony Award-winning musical "Damn Yankees".
Personal life.
On January 6, 1949 he married writer and actress Lucille Fletcher; they remained together until his death. His interests included chess, sailing, music and woodworking.

</doc>
<doc id="5935671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935671" title="Kenny Knox">
Kenny Knox

Edward Kenneth Knox (born August 15, 1956) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour, Nationwide Tour, and the Champions Tour.
Knox was born in Columbus, Georgia. He and his brother were introduced to the game of golf by their mother. He attended Florida State University in Tallahassee, Florida where he earned All-American honors as a member of the golf team. He graduated in 1978, turned professional that year, and joined the PGA Tour in 1982. 
Knox won three events during his career on the PGA Tour. His first win came at the 1986 Honda Classic; his next a year later at the Hardee's Golf Classic, and his most recent win came in 1990 at the Buick Southern Open. During this phase of his career, Knox had more than two dozen top-10 finishes and $1.6 million in earnings. His best result in a major was a 4th place finish at the 1991 PGA Championship. In his forties, he had difficulty maintaining his PGA Tour privileges and had to play some on the Nationwide Tour.
Knox played on the Champions Tour in 2007 and 2008, managing only two top-25 finishes.
Knox is known for his superior putting ability. He holds the PGA Tour record for fewest putts in a tournament (93) set at the 1989 MCI Classic. His weakness is in the tee-to-green ball-striking phase of the game. In 1996, Knox used his understanding of the short game to start TourGreens, an Atlanta based business that designs and installs tour-quality artificial putting greens. He is also active in golf course design and construction. He lives in Tallahassee.
PGA Tour wins.
PGA Tour playoff record (1–1)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5935674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935674" title="Influence (play)">
Influence (play)

Influence is a 2005 play by David Williamson about a right-wing radio "shock jock". It was inspired by the popularity of such personalities as Stan Zemanek, John Laws and Alan Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="5935676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935676" title="Kayrat Kulbayev">
Kayrat Kulbayev

Kayrat Kulbayev (Kaz: Кайрат Кульбаев) is a Kazakh music producer who rose to popularity as a jury member in "SuperStar KZ 3", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol". Kayrat served as the vice president of Kazakh media firm Shahar Media Group, official partner & associate of SonyBMG in Kazakhstan, from 2003 till 2006.
Biography.
Kayrat used to be producer of pop music duo "Duet L" in early 1990s. He is now a producer of pop-bands "Chinatown", "Pertsy".
He is married and has two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="5935680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935680" title="Dik Dik">
Dik Dik

Dik Dik are an Italian beat-pop-rock band, established in the 1960s and still in activity. They were most popular in the late 1960s, when they released a string of hit singles with the contribution of renowned lyric-writer Mogol and songwriter Lucio Battisti, their greatest successes being "Sognando la California" and "Senza luce", respectively cover of "California Dreamin"' by The Mamas and Papas and "A Whiter Shade of Pale" by Procol Harum. While their early production is mostly inspired by The Beatles, in the 1970s they also experimented in other genres, including progressive rock. They went on hiatus in the 1980s but later returned to the scenes, mostly in revival television shows and live performances.
After "Sognando la California", Dik Dik released a string of very successful singles, most of them covers, including "Il mondo è con noi" (1966), "Inno" (1967, cover of "Let's go to San Francisco" by The Flower Pot Men), "Senza luce" (1967, cover of "A Whiter Shade of Pale" by Procol Harum), "Il vento" (1968), and "Il primo giorno di primavera" (1969). In 1969 they performed with Rita Pavone at the Festival della canzone italiana in Sanremo. More successful singles are released in the following years, including "L'isola di Wight" (1970), "Vendo casa" (1972), "Storia di periferia" (1973), "Help Me" (1974), and "Volando" (1975, a cover of "Sailing" by Rod Stewart).
Their long-playing albums were not as successful. After their first three releases, collections of hit singles (published in 1967, 1969, and 1970 respectively) they released in 1972 their first studio album, "Suite per una donna assolutamente relativa" ("Suite for an absolutely relative woman"), which was an experiment in progressive rock. "Suite" was conceived as a concept album on "planet woman", with lyrics by poet Herbert Pagani; it was, anyway, very different from Dik Dik's previous production, and was somehow rejected by the audience, resulting in a commercial flop. As a consequence, the band thereafter returned to their earlier pop-beat style.
From the mid-1970s to the early 1980s the band experienced several personnel changes, with Panno and Totaro leaving in 1974 (replaced by Roberto "Hunka Munka" Carlotto on keyboards and Nunzio "Cucciolo" Favia on drums), and Sbriziolo leaving in 1978 (replaced by two guitarists, Roberto "Roby" Facini and Rosario Brancati). In 1980 Carlotto was replaced by the keyboard virtuoso Joe Vescovi, who had been collaborating with the band since 1974. In the same years, the band lost part of its appeal to the audience, partly as a consequence of ambitious experiments such as "I'te vurria vasà" (1976), which drastically departed from Dik Dik's tradition, and also as a consequence of the advent of disco music, which caused the decline of several rock-oriented bands.
After a couple of relatively successful singles, such as "Laser vivente" (1980) and "Giornale di bordo" (1982), the band essentially went on hiatus, with only Pietruccio, Pepe, and Lallo actively in the project. This trio released a few more singles such as "L'amico mio" (1983) and "Senza luce... reggae" (1984), and participated in the Musicaitalia per l'Etiopia humanitarian project for Ethiopia.
In 1986, Favia and Carlotto gave life to a major spin-off of the band, originally named "Carlotto e Cucciolo già Dik Dik" or simply "Dik Dik", which led to a legal quarrel about the ownership of the "Dik Dik" brand. The quarrel went on until 2006, when "Dik Dik" was finally reserved to Pietruccio, Pepe, and Lallo; Favia and Carlotto thus had to choose another name, "Già Dik Dik" ("Ex Dik Dik").
From the second half of the 1980s, the Dik Dik trio returned to the scenes participating in popular music revival television shows such as "Una rotonda sul mare", until in 1993 they performed again at the Festival di Sanremo together with I Camaleonti, another historic band of the Italian 1960s-1970s, and Maurizio Vandelli from Equipe 84.
Dik Dik are still performing on television and playing live, and have occasionally released singles and albums, often with Vescovi on keyboards. In 1997 they have started their own website [http://www.dikdik.it].
In 2010, Pietruccio has published an autobiographical book about the history of the band, "I ragazzi della via Stendhal" ("The Boys from Via Stendhal"), in reference to the street of Milan where Lallo and Pietruccio grew up and met, Via Stendhal.

</doc>
<doc id="5935697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935697" title="USS Comstock">
USS Comstock

Two ships of the United States Navy have been named Comstock after the Comstock Lode in Nevada. Discovered in 1859, it was one of the richest deposits of precious metals known in the world. 

</doc>
<doc id="5935711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935711" title="Pebble Beach Road Races">
Pebble Beach Road Races

The "Del Monte Trophy" was held on the twisty, leafy, and very narrow town roads in Pebble Beach, California from 1950 through 1956. The races were managed under the auspices of the SCCA (Sports Car Club of America), as were most races from that day to this. The route was originally long, but was lengthened from 1951 onwards to .
The search for an appropriate route for the race began at the famous 17 Mile Drive but that later proved unsuitable. After evaluating several alternatives, a collection of roads near the Lodge at Pebble Beach was chosen, partly for its location and partly because it was short enough and tight enough that it wouldn't overtax some of the small cars of the day.
Not all of the "track" was paved; the original 1950 route consisted of both paved two-lane roads and sections of dirt or loose gravel. Races started along Portola Road near the present-day equestrian center. Cars then turned right onto Sombria Lane, then right again onto Drake Road. In 1950, drivers would turn right once again onto Forest Lake Road; in 1951 and later years they turned left onto Alvarado Lane (now Stevenson Drive), then sharp right onto Forest Lake. The final corner was a sharp right-hander at Ondulado back onto Portola and past the start/finish line.
Although the course was always tight and twisty with tall Cypress trees hemming in the track on either side, accidents were scarce and relatively uneventful. The exception came in 1956 when Ernie McAfee (no relation to fellow racer Jack McAfee) fatally slammed his Ferrari into a tree. This spelled the end of the popular Pebble Beach Road Races, although it was the genesis of Laguna Seca Raceway, its modern-day successor.
Here is an aerial view of the location. Google map The track appears as a lopsided T-shape tilted by about 45 degrees, between the Cypress Point Club (to the north) and the Peter Hay golf course (to the south). The present-day equestrian center occupies some of the space on the infield by the old start/finish line. The famous Pebble Beach Golf Links are just a stone's throw to the southeast.
The Pebble Beach Road Race course has been recreated in a computer game. Grand Prix Legends allows players to download user-created tracks, and a simulation of the Pebble Beach course is available here.
For the future, it looks as though the Pebble Beach Road Race course will soon be obliterated. One or two of the 1950s-era roads have already been developed or rerouted, and the corporation that owns and manages Pebble Beach is planning a major overhaul of the area that includes demolishing many of the roads that served as part of the race course. Visitors can drive most (but not all) of the old race course today. Simply pay the standard $9.00US entrance fee and follow your map.

</doc>
<doc id="5935714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935714" title="Kay Johnson">
Kay Johnson

Catherine Townsend "Kay" Johnson (November 29, 1904 – November 17, 1975) was an American actress who performed on the stage and in Hollywood films.
Family.
Catherine Townsend Johnson was born in Mount Vernon, New York in 1904. Her father was architect Thomas R. Johnson, who worked in the firm of Cass Gilbert, the architect of several noteworthy buildings in New York City, including the Woolworth Building, the New York Customs House, and many library buildings. Kay, as she was known, resolved to become an actress after leaving boarding school in Ohio. Her mother reluctantly permitted her to take a course at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
Stock actress.
Her first leading role was in a play called "Beggar on Horseback", and her first stage work of note was in the production of Karel Čapek's play "R.U.R." in Chicago. She moved to California after appearing in "The Little Accident" in Providence, Rhode Island. She was accompanied by her soon to-be-husband John Cromwell who worked as a director in Hollywood. They wed in October 1928.
Film career.
Kay Johnson was signed to a contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer by Cecil B. DeMille following a performance of the "The Silver Cord" at the Repertory Theater in Los Angeles, California. The play was produced by Simeon Gest of the Figueroa Playhouse. Her film debut came in "Dynamite" (1929), written by Jeanie Macpherson and featuring Charles Bickford and Conrad Nagel. Production was delayed while Johnson recovered from an appendectomy.
She went on to appear in "The Ship From Shanghai" (1930), "This Mad World" (1930), "Billy the Kid" (1930), "The Spoilers" (1930) with Gary Cooper and Betty Compson, DeMille's "Madame Satan" (1930), "Passion Flower" (1930), Capra's "American Madness" (1932), "Thirteen Women" (1932), "Of Human Bondage" (which starred Leslie Howard and Bette Davis), "Jalna" (1935) and "Mr. Lucky" (1943). Johnson was cast opposite Warner Baxter in a screen adaptation of "Such Men Are Dangerous" by Elinor Glyn. The story was adapted to the screen by Fox Film.
Johnson's film career continued until 1954 when her final appearance came in the British film "Jivaro" (also known as "Lost Treasure of the Amazon").
Personal life.
Johnson was married to John Cromwell, an American film actor, director and producer, from 1928 until their divorce in 1946. They had two sons, one of whom is actor James Cromwell.
Kay Johnson died from undisclosed causes at the age of 70 in Waterford, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="5935731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935731" title="Matt Villis">
Matt Villis

Matthew "Matt" Villis (born 13 April 1984) is an English footballer who plays for Tiverton Town as a centre back, having previously played for Bridgwater Town, Plymouth Argyle, Torquay United and Weston-Super-Mare.
Career.
Villis began his career as a junior with Bridgwater Town before signing as a trainee with Plymouth Argyle, turning professional in July 2003.
He then joined Torquay United on a season-long loan deal in July 2004, making his league debut as an early substitute for Lee Canoville in a 4-2 defeat at home to Sheffield Wednesday. He went on to play 22 times that season as Torquay unsuccessfully battled against relegation from Division Two. 
He was released by Plymouth at the end of the season and joined Torquay on a free transfer in June 2005. Despite beginning the season as a regular squad member, he lost his place after Torquay's FA Cup draw against non-league Harrogate Town and was linked with a move to ambitious non-league side Truro City. He returned to the Torquay side in February 2006 as the Gulls battled against a second successive relegation and was a regular until the end of the season under first John Cornforth and then Ian Atkins.
He was confined to the substitute's bench for the early part of the 2006-07 season, although was restored to the first team under new manager Lubos Kubik before missing the remainder of the season due to injury. He was released in May 2007 after Torquay's relegation to the Conference National. He joined Bridgwater Town on trial in early July 2007 and was again linked with Truro City before joining Southern League side Tiverton Town later the same month.
In the summer of 2010, Villis signed for Conference South side Weston-super-Mare. As of April 2012, Villis had scored three goals in 38 appearances for the Seagulls.
In the summer of 2013, Villis rejoined Tiverton Town.

</doc>
<doc id="5935739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935739" title="Astartea">
Astartea

Astartea is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae. The genus is endemic to southwestern Western Australia. The genus name was inspired by Astarte, the Greek name for the goddess Ishtar. 
Description.
These plants take various forms, from dwarf shrubs barely 10 centimetres tall to small trees exceeding 5 metres in height. Some have lignotubers and some produce basal shoots. They are hairless and often glandular, sometimes with protruding oil glands on various parts. New stems are four-angled and sometimes winged. 
The leaves are often arranged in fascicles, with clusters of leaves along younger branches. The thick leaves are narrow, often widest toward the tips, and are smooth-edged.
Most species have solitary flowers in the leaf axils. The buds are enfolded in a pair of bracteoles which usually fall away as the flower blooms. Most plants have five-parted flowers. Six-parted flowers may occur, and four parted, late-opening flowers may be produced when a plant is stressed. Layers of petals unfold in an opening bud, leaving the inner ones crinkled. "A. arbuscula" has the smallest petals, each about half a millimetre long. The petals of "A. granitica" are among the largest, each about 6 millimetres long. Each species generally has flowers either in shades of white to pale pink, or shades of pale to medium pink. Some individuals of "A. arbuscula" have deep pink flowers. Some plants have just a few stamens per flower, while others have up to 60. This varies across species, but also within species and even among flowers on one individual. A few species also have staminodes. The style elongates as the flower matures, and the tip is a dark red colour while the base is paler.
The fruit is a woody capsule. The fruit of some species is dehiscent, breaking open to release the seeds, while others are indehiscent. There are one to many seeds per fruit. Most are about one millimetre long. Species native to drier habitats tend to have thick-coated seeds. There may also be chaff.
Species in this genus can be variable across individuals and populations. Variation can be caused by genetics, environmental factors such as rainfall, disturbances such as fires, and microhabitat differences. Plants also vary seasonally.
Ecology.
These plants are mostly found in damp areas, such as puddly rock outcroppings and the margins of waterways. Some grow in swamps and on floodplains.
Most species are insect-pollinated. Native bees and jewel beetles are commonly observed on the flowers. "Astartea" flower in summer, when many other plants have finished their flowering periods, so the genus may provide an important source of summer food for nectar-feeding insects. Many sap-feeding insects can be found on the plants, including mirid bugs and larval felt scales. "Astartea" often have galls, which are probably formed by wasp taxa. Some species have seeds that may be adapted to dispersal by ants.
Cultivation.
"Astartea" are not difficult to grow, and even have the potential to become weedy upon escape from cultivation. Cultivars developed for ornamental use include "Astartea" 'Winter Pink'.
Diversity.
In a 2013 taxonomic revision of the genus, 22 species were recognized.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="5935744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935744" title="Juan Manuel Vargas">
Juan Manuel Vargas

Juan Manuel Vargas Risco (; born 5 October 1983) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a winger for Serie A club Fiorentina. His previous clubs include Universitario, Colón, Catania and Genova. He has represented Peru at international level.
Club career.
Early career.
Vargas got his start in the popular Peruvian team Club Universitario de Deportes where he quickly earned a main spot in the team by 2004, given his great play and his crowd-pleasing goals at key moments. In 2005 he transferred to Argentine team Club Atlético Colón, where he has also earned a spot in the starting line-up and the admiration of his coaches. Vargas enjoys the style of the English game and admires Liverpool Football club since he was a child.
Catania.
In August 2006, he signed a four-year contract with Catania. He scored his first goal for Catania on 31 October 2007, in the 88th minute, tying Siena 1–1 and prolonging Catania's unbeaten streak to 7 games. During his two-year stay in Sicily, he was continuously one of their best players, and was always a first team regular. His performances helped the Sicilians to Serie A survival for two seasons. These impressive displays led to elite clubs around Europe chasing after the 23-year old's signature.
Fiorentina.
It was reported that Vargas had agreed to sign for Real Madrid on 17 May 2008 but on 5 July 2008 he joined Fiorentina for a fee of €12 million. Upon arriving in Florence he struggled in the left back position and was highly criticized, however after realizing his true potential as an attacking midfielder, he has become a crucial part to the Viola squad providing crucial assists, giving the squad great speed, and acting almost as a third forward. On 24 November 2009, Vargas scored a critical spot kick goal that advanced Fiorentina onto the knock-out stages in the Champions League. This was the first time Fiorentina made it to the Round of 16 in 10 years.
On the last day of the August 2012 transfer window, Vargas joined Serie A club Genoa on loan for the season.
Vargas scored Fiorentina's goal in their 1–3 defeat to Napoli in the 2014 Coppa Italia Final.
Style of play.
Vargas plays at left back, on the wing, or in the midfield, in both offensive and defensive positions. Vargas impresses with his ability to dribble the ball and make remarkable shots on goal. He is also known for his free kick ability and accurate crosses. His former Fiorentina teammate Alberto Gilardino stated that Vargas is probably the best crosser he has played with.
International career.
He started to play in the Peruvian national team against Paraguay in Germany 2006 campaign with Paulo Autuori as a coach. He scored his first international goal on 12 September 2007 in a friendly game against Bolivia. He was sent off in the 2011 Copa América semi-final match for elbowing a Uruguay player.
Career statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of 13 May 2012."
International appearances and goals.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 29 February 2012"
Personal life.
Vargas currently lives with his longtime partner Blanca Rodríguez, and their three children: Luana Mia (born in 2007), Ánika Lía (born 28 December 2009), and Juan Manuel (born in 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="5935747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935747" title="Mark Linett">
Mark Linett

Mark Linett is a record producer and audio engineer. He has done significant work with The Beach Boys, including re-mastering their recordings that appear on the "two-for-one" album re-releases. He also produced and engineered the Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound version of "Pet Sounds". He has also worked with Brian Wilson, The Red Hot Chili Peppers, Jane's Addiction, Los Lobos, Rickie Lee Jones and Randy Newman.

</doc>
<doc id="5935748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935748" title="Prostitution in Sweden">
Prostitution in Sweden

The laws on prostitution in Sweden make it illegal to buy sexual services, but not to sell them. Pimping, procuring and operating a brothel are also illegal. The criminalisation of the purchase, but not selling, of sex was unique when first enacted in 1999, but since then Norway and Iceland have adopted similar legislation, both in 2009, and France began enacting a similar law in 2013.
Prostitution in Swedish.
Prostitution is also called "prostitution" in Swedish, however "sex work" is called "sexarbete", and a "sex worker" is "sexarbetare". S"exual services" are "sexuella tjänster", purchasing sex is "sexköp", and the law banning the purchase of sex is referred to as "Sexköpslagen".
Amongst third party activities, pandering or procuring is "koppleri". A pimp is a "hallick" or "sutenör", although "pimp" is now used in Swedish slang. A "brothel" is a "bordell", and a madam is "bordellmamma".
History of prostitution in Sweden.
Eighteenth century.
The earliest law on prostitution appears to be in 1734 which outlawed sexual relations outside marriage. The rationale was partly religious and partly hygienic.
Nineteenth century.
Like many European countries Sweden delegated prostitution control to local municipalities from 1833 onwards.
An attempt was made to ban prostitution in 1836, but within a year a state run brothel was established,
which was not a success, nor were private licenced brothels. From 1847
most prostitution was illegal but tolerated and regulated, including medical examinations and lock hospitals for venereal diseases. Brothels were also illegal but persisted under police surveillance. Other regulations controlled areas frequented by prostitutes and the clothes that they could wear. This policy was both gendered and intrusive,
framing of prostitution typical of Western European discourse. An abolitionist office was established in Sweden in 1878,
and eventually protests, including women’s movements in the 1880s
Twentieth century.
After 1918 control of prostitution was a national responsibility, under two laws, the Lex Veneris (1918),
and the Vagrancy law (1885), dealing with disease and unemployment respectively, since money earned through sex work was considered illegal. These were now gender neutral in language, but as elsewhere, not in practice, and the new vagrancy provisions were condemned as even more coercive by women. This was the Scandinavian "Sonderweg" (Special Way).
Six official commissions considered the issues between 1923-1964. In practice, women charged under the vagrancy provisions were apprehended for prostitution in what was still coercive care as social control.
The three commissions of the 1920s (1923, 1926, 1929) depicted prostitution as a dangerous predisposition requiring correction, as opposed to mere detention, a moral analogue to the danger of spreading disease. The 1929 report presaged contemporary legislative developments by referring to public education and the role of demand. Women were divided, some calling for abolition of the law pointing out it was gendered in practice, and others supporting the then popular social hygiene concept of sterilisation of the unfit. These discussions raised the idea that men who sought out sex workers were a danger to all women. Health professionals shifted from arguing about contagion to arguing morality.
This pathologised theory became the dominant discourse from the 1930s onwards for dealing with uncontrolled sexuality in a period which was characterised by social medicalisation.This was also an era associated with an attempt to eradicate venereal disease by mandatory tracing, treatment and consent to behavioural change (Lex Veneris).
This formed part of a package of legislation that defined citizenship in terms of desired normative behaviour, including ‘honest labour’, a social welfare state based on the priority of the State over individual freedoms to promote the goals of "folkhygien" (public hygiene). Citizenship became a hierarchical attribute depending on adherence to these norms.
Throughout these discourses, care was taken to distinguish attitude, which required correction, from acts, which were punishable. A parallel discourse was the concern about population and the 1935-8 Population Commission commented on the need to control demand. It also raised the idea of prostitution as antisocial. The 1939 prostitution commission proposed criminalising prostitution related activities as part of the fight against such a social evil, including the actions of clients, although for law and order reasons rather than moral. However examining the language of this and a contemporary commission on homosexuality, it is clear that the construction remained heteronormative and patriarchal. The 1940s saw continued pressure for abolition of the increasingly obsolete vagrancy law, which was now being enforced in a more restrained manner. The 1960s brought the widespread questioning of sexual mores to Sweden, and for the first time the notion of prostitution as normative, together with proposals for re-establishing state brothels.
Debates in the Riksdag in 1950 saw women state that the primary cause of prostitution was male demand, echoing discourse outside of government in the 1880s and 1920s. By 1958 women parliamentarians were stating that prostitution was the most important social problem of all time, demanding a further commission (1958–1962). By now there was yet another reconceptualisation of prostitution, from psychopathology to sociopathology, and the resulting legislation replaced the vagrancy law with the antisocial behaviour law in 1964. Regulation of prostitution passed to this Act, but retained the concept of normative social citizenship based on honest labour. In practice the law was used less and less, was successfully challenged in court in 1967 and was replaced in 1969 by the Social Services Act of 1980, till the Prohibition of Purchase of Sexual Services Act
of 1999 (amended 2005).
The gender equality debate and the Kvinnofrid law (1960- ).
Sweden has had an active debate on gender equality since the 1960s, and this has resulted in a number of institutional structures such as the Ministry of Equal Status (1976) and the Equal Opportunities Ombudsman(1980).
A gendered recommendation on rape by a state commission on sexual offences in 1976 evoked a remarkable consensus within both the women’s movement and the parliamentary women’s groups that eventually led to the demand for further inquiries including yet another prostitution commission. The resulting inquiry in 1981 was very controversial (internally and externally), concluding that prostitution was "not" a question of gender equality. Interestingly they found that prostitution was declining and recommended that criminalisation would merely drive it underground and worsen stigmatisation. Some attempt was made to distinguish between voluntary and involuntary prostitution. Amongst those opposing criminalisation were the police, judiciary and Ombudsman, gay rights groups and the Swedish Association for Sex Education (RSFU).
The battered women’s shelter, and most women’s political groups (except the conservatives) supported criminalising the client. The resultant bill (1982) only dealt with pornography but provided some funding for research on prostitution. However the rhetoric was clear, prostitution was still a social evil, and incompatible with equality, and should be fought.
Between 1983 and 1993 (particularly 1984–1987 and 1990–1992) some 50 bills were presented dealing with prostitution, many of which included the criminalisation of purchase, and there was a major lobby within and without the Riksdag from women’s movements and calls for more commissions. A further commission was instigated in 1993 under a former Ombudsman.
One bill from women parliamentarians at the time demanded immediate criminalisation of clients, believing there was sufficient ‘evidence’ and that a further commission was not required.
1995 saw both the reports of this commission (SOU 1995: 15) and also one on violence against women and rape (SOU 1995: 60). The latter met the women’s objectives, the former
There was virtually no support for the commission’s recommendations in the ensuing consultation process, most commentators opposing any criminalisation. Bills from women parliamentarians criminalising clients continued to be presented and the Government was criticised for inaction.
The "Kvinnofrid" law (1999).
The resulting government bill (February 5, 1998) packaged both commission reports together as a Violence Against Women Act ("Kvinnofrid") including criminalisation of purchase in the prostitution provisions and measures to combat sexual harassment in the workplace. It was sponsored by both the Prime Minister, Göran Persson and the Minister of Gender Equality,
Yvonne Svanström (Department of Economic History, Stockholm University) describes the debates as being heavily gendered. Men tended to argue that this was a social, not criminal, matter and that the bill intruded on self-determination, while the women argued that prostitution was incompatible with a social order embracing gender equity. They saw prostitution as patriarchal oppression, and therefore not a free will choice, although there was less unanimity over what should be done. The uniqueness of the proposal was emphasised, all of which took place at an ideological level with no appeal to empiricism, which was explicitly rejected.
Eventually the bill passed on June 4, 1998 by 181 to 92 in the 349-member Riksdag, becoming law on January 1, 1999. 
On 1 April 2005 this provision was transferred to the Penal Code as section 11 of a new sexual crimes chapter (6).
The debates: frames and actors.
Political parties.
Sweden has proportional representation and a multiparty system. Social Democrats
dominated Swedish Politics for most of the last century but formed a minority left of center government during this time with support from the Centre Party.
In the final vote the Social Democratic Party, the Left Party and the Greens supported the Bill, while opposition to the proposals in the Riksdag was only moderate, the opposition parties believing that the bill would be passed anyway. The Moderate (conservative) Party and Liberals
Gendering the debate.
While maintaining that this was not about "women’s" sexuality, the supporters of the bill claimed that women should control their own bodies, and that this was about "men’s" access to women’s bodies. Feminists and women’s movements had carried out considerable lobbying for criminalising purchase, but in the end it was the women’s groups within the parliamentary parties that were responsible for the success of the legislation, crossing and even defying their own party lines.
However this was not as homogeneous as is sometimes perceived. Moderate women never joined the movement, and both Moderate, and a number of Liberal women opposed the bill.
Most of the parliamentary debate was undertaken by women, which Ulrika Lorentzi, former editor of the feminist magazine Bang, referred to as the ‘Sex Wars’.
Women held 41% of the seats in parliament which although the highest proportion in Europe still meant they had to lobby for male support within their parties in order to get this passed. The women’s movement had prostitution high on its agenda, criminalisation of purchase had been on that agenda for a hundred years, and there was little opposition to this. However ensuing public debates revealed that even Swedish feminists were divided on the approach that had been taken.
For the women, this was a test case of their ability to come together as a caucus and push through a women’s agenda over the wishes of male colleagues. Messing’s agenda was expansive: “I believe that in 20 years today’s decision will be described as the big leap forward to fight violence against women and to reach Kvinnofrid”.
Role of equality.
In addition to the Ministry and Ombudsman, equality issues lay with the parliamentary Gender Equality Committee (1976), and a unit was created at the Department of Labour. Legislation was created in 1980. In this case the women’s agencies were seen as not being supportive of the women’s movement which had become increasingly coalesced around the demand for criminalising the client, but rather pursuing equality in a more impartial mode. The Minister, however, essentially championed the proposal both inside and outside of the Riksdag, and therefore it may be argued that that women’s political agencies played an indirect role through the profile of the office and minister.
Major discourses.
Arguments as to action varied across a spectrum from no action, criminalising both partners, to criminalising the client. Opponents expressed concern that criminalisation would drive prostitution underground, and was symbolic rather than realistic. Other concerns were expressed about the state of legislation and practice in the rest of the EU, including a fear of contamination of Sweden, and that this would send a message to Europe against liberalisation. Other aspects of this included concerns about trafficking.
The sex as work discourse appeared late in the debate and only outside of parliament. Notably absent from the debate were prostitutes and prostitute's organisations. Despite appeals to equality there was scant attention to any other forms of sexual exchange than women selling sex to men, framed as predatory men purchasing sex from vulnerable women.
A term that appeared in the debates and has since become popularised is ‘Swedish Model’ or "Den Svenska Modellen", a term long used to describe foreigner’s perception of the Swedish way of doing things, and in particular the paternalist welfare state that arose in the 1930s.
Out of context, this has become the most commonly used term to describe criminalising purchase in subsequent debates around the world.
Official position.
The Swedish Government states that the reason behind this legislation is the importance to society of fighting prostitution.
"Prostitution is considered to cause serious harm both to individuals and to society as a whole. Large-scale crime, including human trafficking for sexual purposes, assault, procuring and drug-dealing, is also commonly associated with prostitution. (...)The vast majority of those in prostitution also have very difficult social circumstances".
The law is in accordance with Sweden's gender equality programme.
Theoretically the gender of the seller and buyer are immaterial under the law, that is it is gender neutral. However, the law is politically constructed, discussed and enforced in the context of women selling sex to men. The Swedish Government believes that women selling sexual services to men constitutes a form of violence against women which should be eliminated by reducing demand. Demand for women's sexual services is constructed as a form of male dominance over women, and as a practice which maintains patriarchal hegemony.
(see feminist arguments against prostitution). This legal and social approach to prostitution, which has become known as the "Swedish Model" or more recently the "Nordic Model", needs to be understood—at least partly—in the context of radical feminism (a philosophy which focuses on the theory of the patriarchal roots of inequality between men and women), which is very prominent in Sweden.
Today, the law is largely uncontroversial across the whole political spectrum. The view of prostitution as a legacy of a societal order that subordinates women to men being officially accepted. Consequently it has become a taboo subject to question the legitimacy and effectiveness of the law. and those who have criticised the law have faced considerable opposition. Nevertheless there is a body of criticism, within and without parliament but this has had no measurable effect on the official position and party policy (see below).
Aftermath of "Kvinnofrid" law.
Most of the debate, other than the lobbying from women’s groups, took place within the parliament. Only after the law was passed did significant debate take place in public. 'Sex as work' had been discussed during the 1990s but was not part of the parliamentary debates, but started to be heard more in the public debates that followed. Petra Östergren, a PhD candidate and writer on sexuality, was a noted opponent, as were prostitution activists such as Lillian Andersson.
Criticisms were made of women politicians on the grounds of class and for causing divisions between women (although they have framed the debate as being about men, not women). There was also interest in the fact that Sweden was quite unique in this regard. Some former sex workers supported the law.
Parliamentary activity continued, including the introduction of bills to criminalise the selling of sex, and to promote the Swedish approach and oppose liberalisation of laws on prostitution worldwide. In April 2005 the law was amended as part of a reform of sexual crimes to add the clause “That which is stated in the first section also applies if the payment has been promised or made by someone else” to include procurement by a third party which was acknowledged as a loophole. Sexual acts with children were also added (section 9) and the Sex Purchase Law was moved to the Penal Code.
Following the passage of the law, the Government provided 7 million crowns ($1 million US) to the National Police Board for enforcement.
Extra police were hired and vehicles in known areas of street work placed under surveillance. Ninety one reports were filed in 1999, and a reduction in visible prostitution was noted while acknowledging that estimating the actual activity of prostitution was extremely difficult, and that it was quite possible it had merely gone underground. The difficulties of enforcement were immediately noted by the police who had opposed the law, and the difficulty in getting a conviction was even harder under Swedish judicial procedure and the rights of citizens. Few of the reports in 1999 were concluded. Six convictions were obtained, and fines imposed. Difficulties in even understanding the law were noted, and understandably prostitutes were reluctant to inform or testify against their clients. The Socialstyrelsen (National Board of Health and Welfare) noted that estimating the extent of prostitution was almost impossible. A number of reports suggest that prostitution was at a low level in Sweden, and was on the decline, but may have experienced a slight increase in the 1990s.
As expected there was an immediate decrease in the visible spectrum, as seen in other countries introducing repressive legislation (e.g. Street Offences Act 1959, U.K.) followed fairly rapidly by displacement to the less visible spectrum.
The historian Yvonne Svanström describes two similar cases, in which the outcome is very different for the man and the woman (a male judge and a woman police cadet), as exemplifying the fact that the law as a symbolic tool has done little if anything to achieve its intent of reversing patriarchal hegemony and reversing centuries of controlling women’s sexuality to controlling that of men.
She saw this as indicative of Eva Lundgren’s thesis of the divide between regulative systems and constitutive systems, and the relative stability of the latter.
Exporting the model.
Swedish authorities and activists went on to promote internationally the ‘Swedish Model’. The Government hosted conferences on trafficking, sexual violence and prostitution as a comprehensive entity and issued Fact Sheets outlining official Swedish policy in a variety of languages.
These claimed that prostitution and trafficking were manifestations of the same male criminal predisposition, ‘male violence against women and children’, who are described as victims. A severe threat to society as a whole and indeed the world at large is described. Alliances were formed with prohibitionist anti-trafficking groups such as the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women, and representations made at higher levels such as the European Union, Council of Europe and the United Nations.
An approach of public anti-prostitution education was taken, through advertising and education, including schools programmes.
Subsequently the Swedish approach has found support amongst prohibitionist groups around the world who lobbied for similar legislation.
Several European countries have discussed or are currently discussing adopting a similar legal system.
After a long debate, in 2009 similar laws were adopted by Norway
and Iceland.
This approach has met with mixed results. For instance there has been intense lobbying in Western Australia over the last two government's attempts to reform the law there. In 2010 the Attorney-General criticised leading Swedish activist Gunilla Ekberg's credibility.
Research on prostitution in Sweden.
One often cited Swedish historian on the subject of the Swedish law on prostitution is Yvonne Svanström (Stockholm). Some research into the law comes from outside of Sweden as well.
In 2008 data appeared on a study of prostitution across the Nordic region by the Nordic Gender Institute (NIKK), including work done by several authors from the different Nordic countries (Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden).
The most visible effect of the Swedish law according to the data presented seemed to be that since the law came into effect less men reported purchasing sex and prostitutes were less visible. Social workers reported a gradual decline in involvement over a ten-year period and more use of technology. It was unclear how much of this change could be attributed to the law itself. The 1995 Swedish government commission (SOU 1995:15) had estimated that there were 2500-3000 women in prostitution in Sweden, among whom 650 were on the streets.
In contrast, in the 2008 NIKK report estimates show there are approximately 300 women in street prostitution, and 300 women and 50 men who used the internet (indoor prostitution).
Similar data from Denmark, where prostitution appeared much more acceptable, obtained by comparable methods, show there are at least 5567 persons visibly in prostitution among whom 1415 were on the streets.
Compared to Denmark where purchase of sex is legal, Sweden’s prostitution population then seems to be only a tenth even though Denmark only has a population of 5.5 million while Sweden has 9.3.
In Norway with 4.9 million people it was estimated that there were 2654 women, of whom 1157 were on the street in 2007 (among those not on the street in Norway, the numbers were based on those who sought support from social agencies, or whose advertisements were found on the internet or in a paper) which is over 4 times compared to Sweden's numbers and over 8 times more per capita. Furthermore, the number of men reporting the experience of purchasing sex in the national Swedish population samples seems to have dropped from 12.7% to 7.6% from 1996 to 2008.
No respondents in the latest survey published in 2008 reported they increased, or that they started purchasing sex outside of Sweden, nor changed into purchasing sex in “non-physical” forms.
This 2008 survey, which obtained responses from 2500 men and women between 18 and 74, is now also published in English.
Evaluation of the "Kvinnofrid" law.
Initial efforts.
Evaluation of the law creates considerable conceptual burdens, especially given the expansionist claims of the rationale and objectives, which include not only the eradication of prostitution but also of violence against women, and a cultural shift in sexuality values. It is important to note that, even before the introduction of this law, Sweden had less prostitution than other European countries.
Supporters of the law maintain that it has had the effect of decreasing trafficking and pimping.
Critics claim that there has been an increase in hidden prostitution, especially internet prostitution. However, the research published by NIKK (see above) does not suggest that hidden- or internet prostitution is a comparably larger proportion in Sweden than in Denmark or Norway.
Socialstyrelsen (National Board of Health and Welfare).
Monitoring and evaluation of the law was delegated to the Socialstyrelsen, which has produced three reports (2000, 2004, 2007). These acknowledged the difficulties in evaluating the situation and provided no hard evidence that the law had in any way achieved its objectives. The 2007 report states that street prostitution is on the increase after an initial decline and that customers and prostitutes now use the internet and mobile phone to communicate.
The issue of unintended consequences was raised by critics of the proposed legislation in Sweden in 1996 three years before it took place, namely that it would drive women in prostitution underground, increase the risk of violence, harm the most vulnerable, and be almost impossible to enforce, which some claim has happened.
However the 2003 report stated that one "cannot state with certainty whether there has been an increase of violence prostitution. . . . Some informants speak of greater risks . . . few have observed an actual increase . . . . Police who have studied the occurrence of violence have not found any evidence of an increase. . . . The interview data and other research indicate that violence and prostitution are closely linked, whatever sort of legislation may be in effect."
This assessment was not modified in the later follow-up report by the Board in 2007.
A 2001 police report contradicted this (see below).
Some observers have noted that practitioners have left Sweden in order to ply their trade elsewhere, Africa being one destination.
Police and media reports.
In 2001 the Malmö police reported that there was no evidence that the law had reduced violence, rather there was evidence it had increased,
In 2007 Der Spiegel, a German news magazine, stated that according to the Swedish police, 400 to 600 foreign women are brought to Sweden each year to be prostitutes. In Finland, which is only half the size of Sweden, that number is between 10,000 and 15,000 women. Jonas Trolle, an inspector with a unit of the Stockholm police dedicated to combating the sex trade, was quoted as saying "We only have between 105 and 130 women, both on the Internet and on the street, active (in prostitution) in Stockholm today."
In 2008 Kajsa Wahlberg, of the human trafficking unit at Sweden's national police board, conceded that accurate statistics are hard to obtain, but estimated that the number of prostitutes in Sweden dropped 40% from 2,500 in 1998 to 1,500 in 2003.
However by 2010 she had conceded that the policy had failed, and that issues around prostitution were increasing as noted in the media which carried out surveys on the street.
In Stockholm, police sources reported increased activity on Malmskillnadsgatan in the city centre (which with Artillerigatan in the Östermalm district was a traditional site for street prostitution in Stockholm).
Judges and senior police officials have been caught purchasing sex,
Government action.
Amongst other concerns about the law, taxing the proceeds of prostitution (recognised since 1982) is raising questions as to the rationality of a law prohibiting purchase.
On July 10, 2008 the Government announced a new Action Plan on prostitution including the investment of another 200 million kroner, action at an international level and further educational measures to ‘help them rethink their attitudes’. Stories about prostitution appear almost daily in the media, often with commentary from Gender Equality officials. The increasing emphasis on the "symbolic" nature of the law, ‘sending a message’, by the authorities also sends a message that the "instrumental" value is in doubt.
Public opinion.
Opinion polls have shown high public support: polls conducted by the opinion and social research consultancy, SIFO, in 1999, and again two years later, showed a rise – from 76% to 81% – in the number of people who favoured this law. The percentage of respondents who wanted the law to be repealed was 15% in 1999 and 14% two years later. The rest "didn't know".
In the 2008 survey conducted by NIKK (see above), 71% of Swedes said they supported the ban on paying for sex, although only 20% of respondents believed that the number of people who pay for sex had been reduced. 79% of women and 60% of men favored the law. The young adult population (18-38), particularly women, were most in favor of the law.
A 2005 sex survey conducted online by Durex has shown that out of the 34 countries surveyed, Sweden had the lowest percentage of respondents who had paid for sex (3% of those who answered the question. Respondents included both men and women). The methodology has been criticised.
A 2010 survey by "Järfälla tjejjour" found that 25% of Swedish men were in favour of repealing the law, compared with 7% of women.
Skarhed commission and report (Ban on purchase of sexual services: An evaluation 1999-2008) 2010.
In 2008, the Swedish government appointed Supreme Court Justice and later Justice Chancellor ("Justitiekanslern"), Anna Skarhed, to lead an official inquiry into the effects that the purchase law has had on prostitution and human trafficking in Sweden.
This evaluation attracted great interest internationally. But Susanne Dodillet, an academic at Gothenburg University and author of" Är sex arbete?" ("Is Sex Work?"),
was sceptical that the review would add much to what we know. She criticized the fact that the report, regardless of its results, would not be allowed to suggest repeal of the law.
One group of scholars, politicians, and NGOs made a submission to the Commission on March 17, 2008, arguing that the Government should provide a civil rights remedy to people in prostitution in order to support their exiting the trade.
Their submission stated that the judiciary were misinterpreting the law, and that this should be recognized and corrected. In support of this they cited a 2001 case
in which it was held that the law did not provide a woman with a civil right to damage awards from a purchaser in a sexual transaction. Among this group of thirteen petitioners, were the Swedish Association of Women's Shelters and Young Women's Empowerment Centers
(one of the two national umbrella shelter-organizations), the Social Democrat’s Women’s Federation ("S-Kvinnor"), and the immigrant-oriented women's shelter "Terrafem".
Report.
The final report of the commission was submitted to Justice Minister Beatrice Ask in July 2010.
The report stated that the law worked, and had achieved its objectives but suggested that the sentence for purchasing sex be doubled. It stated that since the introduction of the ban on buying sex, street prostitution had been halved and that: ""This reduction may be considered to be a direct result of the criminalisation of sex purchases."" It was also found that there had been no overall increase in prostitution in Sweden. "People working in the field do not consider that there has been an increase in prostitution since the ban was introduced". It also stated that the law has had a positive effect on human trafficking. ""According to the National Criminal Police, it is clear that the ban on the purchase of sexual services acts as a barrier to human traffickers and procurers considering establishing themselves in Sweden"."
The report also acknowledged Internet (indoor) prostitution as an expanding market, which is more difficult to study and verify than street prostitution, and which, in the last five years has increased in Sweden, Norway and Denmark, however it stated, concurring with the NIKK report (above), that" "the scale of this form of prostitution is more extensive in our neighbouring countries, and there is nothing to indicate that a greater increase in prostitution over the Internet has occurred in Sweden than in these comparable countries. This indicates that the ban has not led to street prostitution in Sweden shifting arenas to the Internet"". It also stated that there was no evidence of an increase of abuse towards the prostitutes and of worse living conditions for prostitutes. ""As far as we can judge from the written material and the contacts we have had with public officials and people involved in prostitution, these fears have not been realised"", concurring with the Board of Welfare assessment (above) that persons in prostitution are not worse off as an effect of the law. It was also noted that there were many limitations to evaluating the situation of prostitution in Sweden, due to the nature of prostitution and trafficking which are ""complex and multifaceted social phenomena which partly occur in secret"" and the fact that many empirical surveys had limited scope, and different methodologies and purposes.
Sweden's position on prostitution was reaffirmed: ""Those who defend prostitution argue that it is possible to differentiate between voluntary and non-voluntary prostitution, that adults should have the right to freely sell and freely purchase sex (...) However, based on a gender equality and human rights perspective, (...) the distinction between voluntary and nonvoluntary prostitution is not relevant."" The report also addressed the suggestion of civil remedy, stating that the ""person exploited in prostitution may normally be considered the injured party"" implying a civil right to damages under the law.
Initial responses to report.
The report was sent to the consultation process, where interested groups were provided with the opportunity to comment on it (see below). Release of the report attracted many initial commentaries in both English and Swedish.
The Swedish media originally reported this in a largely factual manner, with two exceptions, one positive,
and one critical. Commentaries have largely focussed on the ideological and political background. The law's supporters see the report as affirmation, while critics complain it adds nothing since it is not based on empirical research. They have commented on the lack of methodology and evidence and the failure to adequately consult with prostitutes themselves and have questioned the scientific validity. They have also raised the question as to whether it should be translated into English (only a summary is available) to allow a wider examination.
At the time of the release of the report, the "Littoringate" affair (see above) was occupying the media, leading people to question the law's purpose and underlying rationale when even government ministers were ignoring it. For instance, lawyer Alice Teodorescu wrote in Aftonbladet that Sweden has double standards in morality, while Isabelle Ståhl, in Sveriges Television questioned the underlying victimisation theory, and Elisabet Höglund in Aftonbladet suggested the law be scrapped, calling it one of the weirdest laws in Swedish history and legally implausible because of its asymmetry.
Such open challenging of the law has been unusual in the last 10 years since it was passed. However the debate continues to be very divisive.
Other criticism came from Paulina Neuding, editor of Neo.
Some of the debate raised the broader question of state paternalism versus individual choice, and whether there should even be moral laws ("Morallagar"), given the pending Swedish elections on September 19, 2010.
One of the conclusions rests on comparisons between Sweden and surrounding Nordic countries (see NIKK study above). Some have considered the numbers on street prostitution in Denmark to be over reported, based on a report from the Danish prostitutes' organization Sexarbejdernes Interesse Organisation (SIO).
SIO stated that street prostitution in Copenhagen was overestimated by 1000 persons, attributing over reporting to an NGO, Reden, that works with women in prostitution, and the numbers of women that they had seen. Other data suggests that any over reporting would not be as large and even if so the amount of persons in prostitution in total is many times larger in Denmark than in Sweden and Danish numbers on indoor prostitution were estimated at 3278. These numbers were mainly based on advertising, not Reden. Assuming 1415 is the number for outdoor prostitution in Denmark, that only amounts to a fourth of prostitution in Denmark. Therefore, it seems unlikely that street prostitution could be so significantly lower as SIO claims. However, whatever the numbers, the scientific question is whether this has anything to do with the sex purchase law or rather reflects historical patterns and cultural attitudes.
Two researchers stated that they had evidence, based on cross-national data, that the Swedish ban was an effective counter-trafficking tool, but this was criticised on methodological grounds by commentators.
The debate moved to the political arena when a government member of parliament, Camilla Lindberg (Liberal) (Dalarna) and Opposition member Marianne Berg (Left) (Malmö) published a bi-partisan article in Expressen, stating that the law did not protect women but rather hurt them, by reinforcing patriarchal attitudes towards women's control of their sexuality.
Berg was criticised within her own party by Karin Rågsjö in a party newsletter.
Criticism also came from Gudrun Schyman of Feministiskt initiativ. and in an editorial in Linberg's own constituency.
This was then followed by a joint manifesto from parliamentary candidates of five political parties, including Helena von Schantz (Liberal) and Hanna Wagenius (Centre), attacking the evaluation process and report as immoral.
The Pirate Party had no official position on the law, but stands for basic freedoms and party members have unofficially opposed it and the party published a very liberal manifesto for the 2010 election.
A Christian Democrat feminist, Sofie Jakobsson, has also supported re-opening brothels, but as with other critics of the Swedish approach, did not find much support within her party.
International commentary.
In the United Kingdom, one supporter of the Swedish approach, Julie Bindel stated that she hoped that the evaluation would put an end to the claims that the sex-purchase law had been detrimental, she also wrote that "No doubt critics of this law will soon be arguing that the research that formed the basis of this evaluation is flawed and biased".
In Queensland, Australia, the state government body responsible for regulating prostitution, the PLA, issued its own critique of the Skarhed Report, describing it as rhetoric that was not substantiated by evidence.
Consultation process.
52 "remissvar" (responses) were received. While many were favourable, those from academic sources, such as the Department of Criminology at Stockholm University were very critical.
Two Swedish researchers, Petra Östergren and Susanne Dodillet, analysed the responses and compared them to the official report and found major contradictions. Their study concluded that there was no evidence to support the official claims.
Legislative response.
The Swedish Government announced that it intended to increase the penalty for purchasing sex from six months to one year's imprisonment, effective July 1, 2011.
The proposal was debated on and passed May 12, 2011 with a vote of 282 for and 1 against.
The sole opponent was Federley, however he claimed that attempts were made to prevent him from speaking against the proposal by the Centre Party.
Continuing political and public debate.
After passage of purchase law (1998).
Although the political scene had changed by 2005, the parties that had voted against the sex purchase law in 1998, and were now in power, no longer opposed it, and it became a non-partisan issue, although individual politicians still questioned the wisdom of the policy.
On 3 May 2009 Hanna Wagenius of the Centre Party Youth introduced a motion to repeal the sex purchase law, arguing that it did not help women involved in prostitution and that trafficking had actually increased since the law came into effect. The motion was passed 56: 39.
In October 2009, Centre Party MP Fredrick Federley introduced a motion for repeal of the law.
He also wrote a commentary in the October 9 Aftonbladet, explaining this - "Avskaffa sexköpslagen!" (Abolish the Sex Purchase Law!).
In May 2010 the law was criticised by Swedish MP Camilla Lindberg (Dalarnas, Liberal) in an interview with "Dalarnas Tidningar", who favoured a regulated system.
After publication of the evaluation (2010).
The law continues to remain controversial in Sweden, with regular debates in the media. On January 30, 2011, writing in Newsmill, Helena von Schantz challenged the Liberal party leadership as to why it supported the lengthening of sentences for buying sex.
These penalties came into force on July 1, 2011.
In 2011, a research paper on the consequences of the Swedish legislation to sex workers concluded that the realisation of the desired outcomes of the legislation is hard to measure, whereas the law has clearly stigmatised the already vulnerable sex workers.
In April 2012 the Program on Human Trafficking and Forced Labor issued a report on the effects of the law, concluding that it had failed in its purpose. In July 2012, a report by the UN-backed Global Commission on HIV and the Law recommended all countries to decriminalise private and consensual adult sexual behaviours, including same-sex sexual acts and voluntary sex work. It specifically pointed out that this also applies to the Swedish model, concluding it has actually resulted in grave consequences for the sex workers even though reported as a success to the public.
Current legal status.
Purchasing sex (Brottsbalk 6.11).
Sweden's "Sex Purchase Act" (), enacted in 1999, makes it illegal to purchase sexual services ("sexuell tjänst") but not to sell them. The rationale for criminalising the purchaser but not the seller was stated in the 1997 government proposition, namely that ""...it is unreasonable to also criminalize the one who, at least in most cases, is the weaker party who is exploited by others who want to satisfy their own sexual desires"."
The Act (amended to be part of the Criminal Code, or "Brottsbalk" in 2005) states: 6.11 Den som, i annat fall än som avses förut i detta kapitel, skaffar sig en tillfällig sexuell förbindelse mot ersättning, döms för köp av sexuell tjänst till böter eller fängelse i högst sex månader.
<br><br>
"6.11 A person who, otherwise than as previously provided in this Chapter Sexual Crimes, obtains a casual sexual relation in return for payment, shall be sentenced for purchase of a sexual service to a fine or imprisonment for at most six months."<br><br>
"The provision of the first paragraph also applies if the payment was promised or given by another person."
Enforcement of law.
In 2008 the number of police reports was 1,500 with 86 convictions in 2006. A Supreme court ruling has prevented the optional jail term being applied, and some parliamentarians have called for a minimum one year jail term.
To date nobody has been imprisoned, according to Swedish Public Radio.
A number of sources suggest that the law is not being enforced very strictly.
Figures released in July 2010, suggest a large increase in the number of men reported for paying sex, which was attributed to increased police activity. The number of convictions was not reported.
Third party activities (Brottsbalk 6.12).
Prior to the sex purchase law, third party activities were already criminalised under the Criminal Code, as 6.12, so that the 1999 law increased the sanctions directed against sexual exchange.
6.12 Den som främjar eller på ett otillbörligt sätt ekonomiskt utnyttjar att en person har tillfälliga sexuella förbindelser mot ersättning, döms för koppleri till fängelse i högst fyra år.
Om en person som med nyttjanderätt har upplåtit en lägenhet får veta att lägenheten helt eller till väsentlig del används för tillfälliga sexuella förbindelser mot ersättning och inte gör vad som skäligen kan begäras för att få upplåtelsen att upphöra, skall han eller hon, om verksamheten fortsätter eller återupptas i lägenheten, anses ha främjat verksamheten och dömas till ansvar enligt första stycket.
Är brott som avses i första eller andra stycket att anse som grovt, döms för grovt koppleri till fängelse i lägst två och högst åtta år. Vid bedömande av om brottet är grovt skall särskilt beaktas om brottet avsett en verksamhet som bedrivits i större omfattning, medfört betydande vinning eller inneburit ett hänsynslöst utnyttjande av annan. Lag (2005:90). <br><br>
"6.12 A person who promotes or improperly financially exploits a person’s engagement in casual sexual relations in return for payment shall be sentenced for procuring to imprisonment for at most four years."
"If a person who, holding the right to the use of premises, has granted the right to use them to another, subsequently learns that the premises are wholly or to a substantial extent used for casual sexual relations in return for payment and omits to do what can reasonably be requested to terminate the granted right, he or she shall, if the activity continues or is resumed at the premises, be considered to have promoted the activity and shall be held criminally responsible in accordance with the first paragraph."
"If a crime provided for in the first or second paragraph is considered gross, imprisonment for at least two and at most eight years shall be imposed for gross procuring. In assessing whether the crime is gross, special consideration shall be given to whether the crime has concerned a large-scale activity, brought significant financial gain or involved ruthless exploitation of another person."

</doc>
<doc id="5935749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935749" title="Radiance (disambiguation)">
Radiance (disambiguation)

Radiance is a radiometric measure of the amount of light in an area.
Radiance may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935752" title="Daxi Station">
Daxi Station

Daxi Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Yilan Line located in Daxi Borough, Toucheng Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="5935760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935760" title="Andrew Jackson Ritchie">
Andrew Jackson Ritchie

Andrew Jackson Ritchie (January 30, 1868–1948) was the founder of Rabun Gap Industrial School, which later merged with Nacoochee Institute to become Rabun Gap-Nacoochee School. He served there as president until 1939. 
Ritchie earned his Bachelor of Law from the University of Georgia (UGA) School of Law in 1897. While at UGA, Ritchie was a member of the Phi Kappa Literary Society. He received a Bachelor of Arts in 1899 from Harvard University and was the first college graduate from Rabun County, Georgia. In 1901, he was awarded an honorary Master of Arts degree by Harvard. He was a local historian and in 1948 his "Sketches of Rabun County History" was published.
Before founding the Rabun Gap Industrial School, Ritchie was a professor of English for three years at Baylor University in Texas.
His wife was Addie Corn Ritchie.

</doc>
<doc id="5935778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935778" title="Alexander Alexeyevich Chekalin">
Alexander Alexeyevich Chekalin

Aleksandr Chekalin () (b. 6 September 1947) was the First Deputy Minister of the Interior (police minister) from 2004. He expressed his support for mass arrests of protestors in the week leading up to the 32nd G8 summit, which was held in St. Petersburg on July 15–17 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5935780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935780" title="Soul Train Music Award for Best R&amp;B/Soul or Rap New Artist">
Soul Train Music Award for Best R&amp;B/Soul or Rap New Artist

The Soul Train Music Award for Best New Artist has been given out every year since the first annual Soul Train Music Awards in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5935781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935781" title="Radiance (play)">
Radiance (play)

Radiance is a play by Australian author and playwright Louis Nowra. The play focuses on three Aboriginal half-sisters, who have gone their separate ways in life, and are reunited when they arrive for their mother's funeral service. "Radiance" has been written both as a stageplay and a screenplay.
Characters.
Mother.
The mother's name is not given in the stageplay, in the screenplay she referred to by the priest as Nancy McKenna. She is already deceased at the start of the play, her daughters give their views of their common mother whilst reminiscing.
It is revealed that the mother was very naive and carefree, however, her promiscuous nature was what she was most known for. Her two daughters Mae and Cressy most likely do not have the same biological father, and when child services came for them (see Stolen Generation), she willingly handed them over. Her granddaughter Nona appeared to be her favourite 'child', and she was hidden when officials visited.
The house in which she lived was given to her by Harry Wells, a local sugar cane plantation owner, most likely, as Mae believes, to keep her quiet about his affair with her. However, the mother truly believed that he loved her. She lived there for the rest of her life, with Mae caring for her in old age and her descent into senility.
Mae.
The middle of the three main characters, she is the most cynical and pessimistic of them. Mae appears to be one of the poor cases of the Stolen Generation, where children of Aboriginal descent were taken by the government to be raised in boarding homes or religious institutions.
Mae worked as a nurse, however, she became attracted to a married doctor, and tried winning his affection with gifts bought with money she stole from hospital funds. When found out, she was sentenced to community service, and chose to look after her mother. When arriving, she was dismayed at the condition of the house, and repaired it whilst caring for her elderly mother. Whilst it is believed that the mother appreciated Mae's work, she really wanted Cressy or Nona instead.
When her mother went senile, Mae tried keeping her under control in public, however after a string of incidents, including biting the priest's finger and spitting on Harry Wells, Mae's final resort was to tie her mother to the chair each day. Their last confrontation was them both screaming at each other, as Mae was finally fed up with her mother refusing to tell her anything about her heritage or even to admit if she loved her daughter.
Nona.
Initially it is believed that Nona is the youngest of the three siblings, however at the end it is revealed to Nona's insistent disbelief that Cressy is her mother. Nona is very much different from her 'siblings', in fact she is almost a living representation of her grandmother. She is shown to be immature, insensitive, and naive.
Aside from various mentions of flings with different men, Nona often fantasises about 'The Black Prince', a handsome man that supposedly was her father that her grandmother made up. At first Cressy tried giving a little half-truth to Nona, in that her father was just another loser who forced himself upon her 'mother', however Nona rejects this idea. It isn't until the end, when Nona is sharing her incest fantasy about the Black Prince, that Cressy snaps and screams the complete truth out, which Nona also denies as real and runs off with her grandmother's ashes. In the screenplay, it is possible that she eventually accepts that Cressy is her mother, however she won't openly admit it.
Film adaptions.
Adapted in 1998 as an Australian independent film, it is the first feature film by Aboriginal director Rachel Perkins.

</doc>
<doc id="5935783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935783" title="Lou Wangberg">
Lou Wangberg

Louis "Lou" Wangberg (born March 27, 1941) of Bemidji, Minnesota is an educator and was the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. He was elected on the Independent-Republican ticket with Governor Al Quie and served from January 1, 1979 to January 3, 1983. While serving as Lieutenant Governor he was also chief-of-staff for Governor Quie for a part of the term until he sought the governor's office on his own. In 1982 he was the Independent Republican endorsed candidate for governor in the election where Rudy Perpich was returned to office. He also worked for a Fortune 500 Company for 5 years. 
Before serving as Lieutenant Governor, Wangberg served as a school superintendent from Bemidji. Following his term of office he was an executive with the Jostens Corporation, a management consultant, professional speaker, and the president of Flagler Career Institute. To date Wangberg is the last male Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. 
Wangberg currently resides in Plantation, Florida and is an Advanced Placement United States History and government/economics teacher at Pembroke Pines Charter High School, the largest charter high school in the United States (1,700 students). He also is a professor in the doctoral program of Northcentral University and the Keller Graduate School of Management.

</doc>
<doc id="5935798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935798" title="Blanda">
Blanda

The Blanda is a river in Iceland which flows northwards from the northwest side of the Hofsjökull glacier into Húnaflói bay at Blönduós. The Blanda is one of the longest rivers in the country, with a length of about 125 km, and has a catchment area estimated at 2370 km². Its source is calculated to lie at a height of 800 m. The river is one of the main salmon rivers in Iceland and has often yielded a catch of almost 3000 salmon in one summer. Before the river was dammed in 1990 the salmon spawning grounds reached almost to the foot of the glacier. Blanda hydrolelectric power station uses the drop of the river to generate up to 150MW of power.

</doc>
<doc id="5935799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935799" title="The Town (1950 novel)">
The Town (1950 novel)

The Town (1950) is a novel written by American author Conrad Richter. It is the third installment of his trilogy The Awakening Land. "The Trees" (1940) and "The Fields" (1946) were the earlier portions of the series. "The Town" was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1951.
In September 1966, his publisher Alfred A. Knopf reissued the trilogy for the first time as a single hardcover volume. According to the edition notice of this all-in-one version—which lists the original publication dates of the three books -- "The Town" was first published on 24 April 1950.
Plot.
"The Town," the third novel in Conrad Richter’s "Awakening Land" trilogy, continues the story of frontier woman Sayward (née Luckett) Wheeler and her family. At 280 pages, the book is considerably longer than the other books of the trilogy. The focus of this final book is on the dramatic changes to the town and region with rapid development and industrialization. The theme is dealing with change. Sayward lives through the development of her Ohio Valley settlement as a thriving town, with a variety of businesses and industry. She sells off parcels of her own land to newcomers.
The town changes its name from Moonshine Church to Americus in a successful quest to be named the county seat. The town government constructs civic improvements such as a new bridge and canal. Sayward’s husband Portius Wheeler, an attorney, convinces her to give up their old log cabin and move into a fine new brick mansion house he builds in the downtown section of Americus. He believes this is in keeping with his position as the town's attorney. Sayward eventually gets used to the luxury of her new home, but also feels a sense of loss for her former frontier way of life.
Sayward is reunited with two long-lost members of her family, who were introduced in the earlier books of the trilogy. Her father Worth Luckett had abandoned the family to live a hunter’s life after his favorite child Sulie was lost in the forest. After an absence of many years, he returns to Americus; he tries to re-establish relationships with his grown children. On his deathbed, Worth confides that he found their sister Sulie alive; she had become fully assimilated as a Lenape (Delaware Indian) and married a Lenape man. Sayward and her remaining sister Genny travel to the Indiana town where Sulie resides and try to reconnect with her. Sulie claims not to know them as she is part of the tribe and does not want to leave. Her sisters conclude Sulie is lost to them.
Sayward deals with the problems of one or another of her nine surviving children. Her youngest son Chancey causes her the most worry. He is a quiet, sensitive youngster with frequent health problems. He often retreats into daydreams of belonging to another family who will understand him better.
As Chancy grows older, he feels an increasing sense of separation from his family, and often clashes with his mother over their differing views on work and progress. He becomes close friends with Rosa Tench, a girl from the poor side of town in whom he senses a kindred spirit. Their families finally tell him that Rosa is the result of Portius Wheeler's extramarital affair with the local school mistress; thus Rosa and Chancey are half-brother and sister. They are forbidden to see each other and are threatened with the law, but they continue to meet in secret.
Finally, Chancey tells Rosa he can’t see her anymore. At the town fair, Rosa tries to force a confrontation with him, cutting loose their hot air balloon. Chancey deflates the balloon and returns them safely. When Rosa realizes that Chancey will never defy his family and take her away from Americus, she commits suicide with the same knife used to cut the balloon's tether. (This version was not in the 1978 TV mini-series of the same name, where the pair were separated as children, not young adults.)
After Rosa’s death, Chancey becomes embittered toward his family and moves out, first to a boarding house in town. He moves on to the larger river port city of Cincinnati, where he becomes a journalist. He works as an editor of a newspaper, writing articles from a socialist point of view that criticize industrial progress and some prominent people in the state, especially members of his family. He returns to see his family only when necessary.
Chancey returns in 1861 on the eve of the American Civil War (although the year is not given, the book refers to Union troops answering the call of their “backwoods president,” meaning Abraham Lincoln). He has come for his mother's last days. After being supported for years by anonymous contributions, his newspaper has failed and been sold off at auction after the contributions stopped. He hopes that he may inherit some money from Sayward’s estate to enable him to start over.
At home, Chancey learns that his mother had been the anonymous contributor who financed his paper all those years. He had often criticized her in print, and she did not agree with his published views. He also learns that she has saved clippings of all of the poems, articles, and editorials he has written. Chancey realizes that he may have been wrong about his mother, and thus wrong about other of his conclusions. He recognizes that he will have to “ponder his own questions and travel his way alone.”
Writing style.
In writing "The Awakening Land" trilogy, Richter did extensive research in order to convey the historic speech of the early 19th-century pioneers of the Ohio Valley, many of whom originally emigrated from Pennsylvania and the Upper South. (For example, they referred to “trees” as “butts”.) Richter drew from his research in rare collections of old manuscripts, letters, and records that documented the speech of early 18th- and 19th-century residents. His sources included "Historical Collections of Ohio" by Henry Howe and "Pioneer Pennsylvania," a compilation of archaic Pennsylvanian slang by Henry W. Shoemaker. In addition, he interviewed scholars and former neighbors of pioneer heritage whom he had known in his home state of Pennsylvania and in the Ohio Valley.
Richter wrote that this early form of spoken language no longer survived in the Ohio Valley. He learned that it was found in some areas of the South and Southwestern areas of the country. He noted that, although it is often mistaken for a "native" form of speech there, it should be considered “a living reminder of the great mother tongue of early America.” 
In keeping with the passage of time, he uses the “pioneer” form of speech in "The Town" less frequently than in earlier books of the trilogy. By this time, Sayward’s husband, her children, and many of the newcomers to the town are better educated and have abandoned the old forms of expression. Toward the end of the book, Sayward is one of the few surviving members of the founding generation of the town. Richter expresses only her thoughts and speech in the “pioneer” dialect.
Major themes.
Change and nostalgia.
The central character, Sayward Luckett Wheeler, contributes to the transformation of the frontier settlement founded by her father into a full-fledged town with a church, a school, frame and brick houses, businesses, and improvements such as roads, bridges, canals, a railroad, and a county courthouse – all within her lifespan of some eighty-odd years. Although Sayward at first welcomes the development as a promise of prosperity and improved lives, by the end of the trilogy, she questions whether the rapid changes have fostered traits such as greed and laziness in the townspeople.
Her changing feelings are symbolized by her attitude toward the trees of the dense forest her family found as pioneers. The original settlers cut them down in a wide area, first for homesteads and then to cultivate more crops and land. Later additional land is cleared as the town of Americus develops. In the beginning, Sayward has an almost personal animosity toward the trees, because of the backbreaking labor they required as settlers struggled to clear the land for homes and farms. Toward the end of the trilogy, Sayward is mourning the loss of the huge old trees. Realizing what they mean to her, she finds several young trees on the outskirts of land she used to own. She transplants them into the front and sideyards of her town house. On her deathbed, before she loses the power of speech, she asks for her bed to be moved so that she can see the trees to her last breath.
Pioneer vs. modern generation.
Sayward believes that the settlers built character by their hard work and persistence in the face of adversity. By contrast, the new generation of town settlers seems untested. To her mind, they are taking advantage of the work done by people before them, and have not made equivalent contributions or sacrifices. Contemporary life seems easy by contrast.
“What gave folks ‘narve strings’ today and made them soft so they couldn’t stand what folks could when she was young? . . . It had taken a wild and rough land to breed the big butts (trees) she saw when first she came here, and she reckoned it took a rough and hard life to breed the kind of folks she knew as a young woman. If you made it easy for folks, it seemed like their hardihood had to pay for it.” 
By comparison, her youngest son Chancey follows the Socialist beliefs of reformer Robert Owen. He believes that the goal of the community should be sharing labor for the benefit of all, that progress means that work could be rewarding in itself, and there should not be wide separation of classes.
“Robert Owen said . . . if you make a man happy, you make him virtuous. (He) said that one of the main occupations of working people should be play. . . Everybody can choose his own work and do as little of it as he wants to. . . Of course there’ll have to be a little repulsive labor at first. But progress will do away with all toil and labor in time. . . Everybody will share alike. There’ll be no rich people and no poor people, just brothers and sisters. And everybody will have security and happiness.” 
Revised editions.
The Ohio University Press released revised paperback editions of "The Awakening Land" trilogy on May 1, 1991. These revised editions incorporated many of the plot changes introduced into the 1978 television adaptation, and differ in several major aspects from the original editions published by Alfred A. Knopf. Such changes as evading issues of negative historic attitudes held by whites about whites assimilated as Native Americans, introducing guilt about African slavery, and adding new versions of sexual issues.

</doc>
<doc id="5935802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935802" title="List of mayors of Key West, Florida">
List of mayors of Key West, Florida

Mayors of Key West, Florida in the United States have reflected the city's cultural and ethnic heritage including Cuban and openly gay mayors.

</doc>
<doc id="5935804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935804" title="Igor Sirtsov">
Igor Sirtsov

Igor Sirtsov (Rus: Игорь Сырцов) is a Kazakhstani television producer and radio DJ who rose to popularity as a jury member in "SuperStar KZ 3", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol".
Biography.
Igor is the General producer of Kazakh television network KTK and has been working in television since he was 16 years old. His career has also spanned radio in which he was the first commercial Kazakh radio DJ ever in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="5935808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935808" title="David Peaston">
David Peaston

David Peaston (March 13, 1957 – February 1, 2012) was an American R&B and gospel singer who in 1990 won a Soul Train Music Award for Best R&B/Soul or Rap New Artist. He was mostly known for the singles, "Two Wrongs (Don't Make it Right)" and "Can I?", the latter of which was originally recorded by Eddie Kendricks.
Life and career.
He was a native of Saint Louis, Missouri. As a child, he attended the Pleasant Green Missionary Baptist Church along with his mother, Martha Bass, a member of The Clara Ward Singers gospel group. His sister was R&B/soul singer Fontella Bass.
After graduating he worked as a school teacher but, after being laid off in 1981, moved to New York City and begin working as a background singer on recording sessions. In the late 1980s, he won several competitions on the "Showtime at the Apollo" television show, winning over the audience with a powerful rendition of "God Bless the Child." He was signed by Geffen Records, and his first single, "Two Wrongs (Don't Make It Right)" rose to no. 3 on the "Billboard" Black Singles chart in 1989. He had further hits on the R&B chart with "Can I?" and "We're All In This Together", and released an album, "Introducing...David Peaston". He also toured with Gerald Alston in Europe, and with Gladys Knight in the US, before moving to the MCA label in 1991, where he issued the album "Mixed Emotions".
In 1993, he recorded a gospel album with Fontella and Martha Bass entitled "Promises: A Family Portrait Of Faith". He also sang on Lester Bowie's 1982 album, "The One and Only" (ECM).
Peaston was later diagnosed with diabetes and had his legs amputated, forcing him to use prostheses.
In 2006, Peaston returned to music with his album, "Song Book: Songs of Soul & Inspiration". The album featured eight new tracks by Peaston, as well as several of his biggest hits.
Peaston died from complications of diabetes in St. Louis, Missouri, on February 1, 2012, at the age of 54.

</doc>
<doc id="5935811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935811" title="Miklós Gaál">
Miklós Gaál

Miklós Gaál (born 13 May 1981 in Celldömölk) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays for Pécsi MFC.
He has played 47 matches in the Hungarian National Championship without scoring a goal. He never played on the Hungarian national team.
Previous clubs: Keszthely, Szombathelyi Haladás, Pécsi MFC, Újpest FC, Zalaegerszegi TE, Maritimo, Hajduk Split, Amkar Perm.

</doc>
<doc id="5935816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935816" title="Asteromyrtus">
Asteromyrtus

Asteromyrtus is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae. It is distributed from New Guinea to Australia.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="5935819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935819" title="Alberto Gutman">
Alberto Gutman

Alberto Gutman (born 1959), is a Cuban-American politician. Born in Havana, Cuba, on January 4, 1959 he moved to the United States when he was 6 years old.
He lived and went to school in Miami Beach, Florida.
He entered politics and became a member of the Republican Party. He was elected Member of Florida House of Representatives, 1984–92; member of Florida Senate 34th District, 1992-99.
He is a member of the Freemasons, B'nai B'rith, Phi Kappa Phi, and Phi Theta Kappa.
He is married and has two daughters, one of whom is disabled.
In 1992 he won first election to the Florida Senate defeating Democrat Kendall Coffey, who was subsequently appointed by President Clinton as the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida. Gutman resigned his post as chair of the Senate Health Care Committee over alleged improprieties in brokering a Medicaid health plan during his term as vice chairman of the committee. He had obtained the permission of the Senate legal counsel before brokering the deal and maintained his position on the Senate Select Committee on Social Services Reform and the Ways and Means subcommittee. Gutman accused his opponent in the 1998 senatorial election of using voodoo against him after Santería paraphernalia was tossed at him and scattered on his vehicle by his opponent's supporters; Gutman won the election.
In 1998 he was indicted along with his wife by the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida on charges of conspiracy to commit Medicare fraud. Charges were related to 1992 events in a home health care company with an office that was used during his senatorial campaign as headquarters. Charges against wife were dropped to one misdemeanor count; On 6th day of trial he pleaded guilty to one felony conspiracy count that he benefited from home health care companies that defrauded Medicare.
He resigned from the Florida Senate as part of the plea bargain that called for a 2-year prison term. Judge Alan Gold rejected the plea agreement and sentenced him in 2000 to five years in prison, fined him $50,000 and ordered to pay $98,175 in restitution. He appealed the conviction and sentence after discovering that the prosecutor manipulated the system so the case would be assigned to Judge Alan Stephen Gold; Judge Gold had a conflict of interest and failed to disclose that he was Kendall Coffey's former law partner; Judge failed to disclose close relationships to his political adversaries. Court of Appeal refused to hear the case. He was released in 2003. Paid fine and restitution on 2007, during which time he also registered for a patent for cigar cutter that he transferred to Nicaragua Tobacco Imports, Inc., Miami, Florida.

</doc>
