<doc id="5915399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915399" title="Yeshiva University Medical Ethics Society">
Yeshiva University Medical Ethics Society

Yeshiva University Student Medical Ethics Society (MES), is an undergraduate student-run organization of Yeshiva University which was founded by students in the fall of 2005 with the help of the Center for the Jewish Future toward the goal of promoting education and awareness of Jewish medical ethics in the university itself and the community at large. Since that time, MES working closely with the CJF has grown from a small group of students with common interests to running large-scale events with university-wide participation. In the first several years alone, they have hosted a diverse program of
on-campus lectures by leading experts in the field of medical ethics and Halacha (Jewish law). Topics covered have included stem cell research, cloning, do not resuscitate orders, genetic testing, pre-implantation genetic diagnosis, and birth control. They also host genetic testing events to help combat the high incidence of various genetic diseases in the Jewish community. The Society hosts many events throughout the year, including a large, annual conference focused on a chosen medical ethics topic. The events are open to all those who have an interest in learning more about Jewish medical ethics. Students, teachers, rabbis, physicians, and laymen are welcome.
Founding and Establishment.
MES was founded in the Fall of 2005 by Yonah Bardos, a Yeshiva College (YC) undergraduate student, and Rabbi Edward Reichman, MD, a professor at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine. What started as just a simple club discussing Jewish medical ethics became a tour de force on campus. The society was the first student organization to work with and be mentored by the Center for the Jewish Future (CJF). It stemmed from a late Thursday night conversation with Rabbi Kenneth Brander who had just become the Dean of the newly minted CJF. The following morning, Yonah Met with Rabbi Brander, Rabbi Dr. Reichman, and Rabbi Josh Joseph, who have all supported and continued to help guide and mentor the society to this very day. MES was established in order to further the commitment of YU to its philosophy of Torah Umadda (Jewish and secular knowledge), specifically in the realm of medical ethics as it intersects with Halakha (Jewish Law).
Under the guidance of Rabbi Brander, and Rabbi Josh Joseph (then the director of Special Projects at the CJF and now the Vice President of the University and Chief of Staff to President Richard Joel), the fledgling society took root and began running events attracting large audiences and gaining renown in the university. A secondary goal of the society was to create leaders through its leadership training program. The second event the society ran garnered over 250 students from various NYC and YU schools, a number unheard of for academic events at that time. The society has remained true to its roots of increasing ethical and halachik awareness on medical issues and furthering the commitment of YU to its philosophy of Torah Umadda. Rabbi Dr. Reichman, Rabbi Brander, and the staff at the CJF have remained committed mentors to the society, continuing to promote its educational value to the student body and the Jewish community as a whole.
Mission Statement.
The Yeshiva University Student Medical Ethics Society (MES) is a student run organization with the goal of promoting education and awareness of medical ethics at YU. While increasing sensitivity to ethical issues in medicine that are relevant to the global community, MES is especially focused on issues of medical ethics relating to Halakha (Jewish law), Jewish medical ethics, and Torah values. MES strives to make Yeshiva University a global center for Jewish medical ethics, which will serve as an educational resource for laymen, rabbis, patients, doctors, and other health professionals.
Letter from the Presidents.
As orthodox religious Jews and aspiring medical professionals, we find that the objectives of the Yeshiva University's Student Medical Ethics Society represent some of the quintessential goals that the human race strives for; to educate about the interface of medicine and ethics, as well as to instill within aspiring medical professionals a sense of responsibility to practicing medicine with this understanding. To attempt to practice medicine without the guiding light of morals and ethics is like steering a boat aimlessly at sea without a light tower in the distance; both, medicine and the boat, are doomed to be caught up in a storm. Therefore, as presidents of this society we hope to work on the first step of visible change; creating awareness by providing education. Like in years past, we intend to host multiple events a semester to educate the hundreds of Yeshiva University students in the complexities of medical ethics. Once students hear from many diverse speakers and actively engage in medical ethics, whether by activity or discourse, only then can we hope that we will live our lives having inculcated the values of medical ethics. As Nelson Mandela once said, “Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world", and as presidents of MES, our goal is to make sure that the medical professionals and Jews that will bring change tomorrow are getting a halakhic, moral, and ethical compass today. "Presidents Yosefa Schoor and Mordechai Smith".
Society Organizational Structure.
MES has an executive board composed of two presidents and two vice presidents. As Yeshiva divides its undergraduate students by sex into two separate colleges, one president and one vice president are male students from Yeshiva College (Yeshiva University) and one president and one vice president are female students from Stern College for Women. The treasurer and secretary as well as the other members of the board are chosen from the two colleges to make a board that averages from 12 to 18 members per year.
Volunteers.
Many student volunteers also help run and coordinate events and through the MES Mentor Program, many remain involved, eventually becoming board members themselves. Volunteers of the two undergraduate colleges help with setting up for conferences, guiding guests at events, and apprentice board members through their mentor program.
Members of the Board.
At end of each semester the students who have shown excitement, vision and leadership skills may be nominated for the board. A majority of the executive board present at the end of the year meeting must approve this nominee. MES chooses its board members through interviews of volunteers vying for the position. The year's outgoing presidents and incoming presidents together handpick which present members will continue to be on the board the next year and which new members will be inducted.
Presidents.
The current executive board chooses two members it feels would be correct for the presidency and then consults with the board of directors. There shall be one president representing the Wilf (male) Campus and one president representing the Beren (female) Campus. The president is responsible for managing the day-to-day activities of the society.
Board of Directors.
Members may remain on the board for as many semesters as they are enrolled as undergraduates in Yeshiva University and are re-elected to the board by the presidents, however a president may only become an executive director the following year and then, inducted to the Board of Directors after they finish their year as executive directors. If the BOD does not feel the executive directors were exemplary leaders they may not be inducted. If chosen to join the BOD, it is a position they will hold for life, along with the other past presidents and the founder of MES, Yonah Bardos. While the board of directors is not involved in the day-to-day management of MES, they serve as a body of knowledge and as mentors for the future student leaders. They are a resource and asset that utilized often. Honorary membership status may be awarded in special cases involving someone who has shown outstanding dedication and devotion to the society but is precluded from being on this board. All honorary members must be approved by a majority of the board of directors. The purpose of the Board of directors is to maintain continuity of student leadership. The board of directors must be included on decisions that would change the course, the position and/or the mission statement of the society. Additionally, the board of directors must be consulted before the new presidents are appointed. It is the responsibility of the presidents to contact the chairman and to make sure to meet with the board of directors at least 6 weeks prior to the annual conference or beginning of fall semester.
Advisory Board.
The advisory board of the Yeshiva University Student Medical Ethics Society is composed of members of the Yeshiva University Center for the Jewish Future and leading Medical ethicists. An advisory board of Rabbis and Doctors consisting of no less than three members shall always be maintained. Any changes to the advisory board must be approved by a majority of the current board and the board of directors. The purpose of the advisory board to guide and assist the society regarding choosing topics and speakers for events. They serve as sounding boards, mentors and guides to insure the continuity of the society. The advisory board must be included on decisions that would change the course, the position and/or the mission statement of the society.
Recurring Programs and Events.
A subsidiary of MES, the Bioethics Journal Club is a chance for students to gather to discuss important issues in contemporary bioethics while gaining vital experience in presenting academic scientific works. On a bimonthly basis, a student presenter will prepare a scholarly article on a topic in bioethics and prepare a presentation for his/her peers. Occasionally, experts in bioethics prepare their own published works and present an insider’s view of the bioethics field. Through a series of presentations, the club aims to; explore broader themes in bioethics and their various practical implications; increase the awareness of students seeking to enter the medical and biological fields about potential ethical issues they will face in the course of their future careers; increase student awareness of medical ethics issues that may potentially arise throughout their lives.
MES has dubbed every February in Yeshiva University “Bone-marrow Awareness Month,” or BAM for short. During BAM, MES holds events on campus dedicated to promoting awareness and discussions about the ethics of whole bone marrow and bone marrow stem cell donations. MES facilitates drives for the Gift of Life Bone Marrow Foundation, registering potential donors into the international bone marrow database via buccal swabs. MES has been responsible for helping thousands of people register as potential donors and has enabled several bone marrow donations.
The Program for Jewish Genetic Health of Yeshiva University and Albert Einstein College of Medicine has sponsored Jewish Genetic Disease carrier screenings on YU campuses exclusively to YU studentsat a fee. The Program for Jewish Genetic Health provides young Ashkenazi Jewish singles and couples with accessible and affordable options for “open” genetic testing that will identify “carriers”—individuals who themselves are not affected with the specific disorders but whose offspring are at risk if these carriers marry individuals who also are carriers for the same disorders. Approximately 1 in 4 Ashkenazi Jews are carriers for at least one disorder, which include Tay-Sachs disease, familial dysautonomia and Gaucher disease. The campus screenings follow informational sessions held in conjunction with YU’s Student Medical Ethics Society.
Organizations coordinated with.
MES has worked with the Gift of Life bone marrow registry for several years. They hold bone marrow oral swabbing events, a bone marrow awareness month (BAM) and their board members volunteer for Gift of Life programs outside of Yeshiva.
Although not directly affiliated with Yeshiva University's Albert Einstein College of Medicine (AECOM), MES has worked with the institution on a number of events concerning bioethics, genetic screening, and is guided and advised by the deans, professors, and medical professionals on medical ethics topics. AECOM also hosts an annual weekend symposium for Yeshiva undergrads, run by MES. MES and Einstein are also involved in Yeshiva University's Program for Jewish Genetic Health
Proposed Future Projects.
Project YUMED (Yeshiva University Medical Ethics Database).
After several years of the YU Medical Ethics Society's existence, dozens of medical, halachik, and lay persons, including the present leading experts on Jewish medical ethics have expressed an urgent need for a centralized, easy to access and search, database on Jewish medical ethics and halachik topics. A doctor in an emergency room can have several serious halachik dilemmas every day and will not always have someone available to call, or the time to research the answer (these dilemmas can be serious life and death situations). It has been the dream of the YU Student Medical Ethics Society to create such a database in conglomeration with the Center for the Jewish Future. The issue is that this undertaking requires much time, effort, and expertise in several fields such as web site and database development. The information is available to us, but putting it together into a database is more difficult. This project is expected to take several years to fully complete. We would like now to get the ball rolling and involve those who would like to offer their services and/or advisement. "Project founder: Rabbi Dr. Edward Reichman"
Project YUNMED (Yeshiva University National Medical Ethics Delegation).
The objective of this project is to provide a forum for bright young students in American Jewish high schools to cultivate their interests and refine their knowledge of the ever expanding field of medical ethics. This will be an amazing opportunity for students of Jewish high schools across the country to explore the confluence of ethics, halakha, and medicine as well as to witness firsthand the wonderful programming offered by Yeshiva University. "Project founder: Samual Weprin"
Project JMESS (Jewish Medical Ethics Societies Syndicate).
The objective of this project is to facilitate the creation and growth of Jewish medical ethics societies at colleges outside of Yeshiva University. "Project Founder: Ari Rosenberg"
MES in 5.
Five-minute audio sessions discussing a medical ethics topic by either a rabbinic/medical professional or a YU student. These sessions are distributed by YUtorah.org and weekly emails from the Center for the Jewish Future.
ובחרת בחיים - Undergraduate Medical Ethics Journal.
ū·ḇā·ḥar·tā ba·ḥay·yîm ("Choose Life!"): A student written journal on medical ethics and halakha, published and edited by MES.
Recorded Lectures.
Many of the MES events are recorded and can be located and downloaded online for free at http://www.yutorah.org/Medical_Ethics_Society

</doc>
<doc id="5915421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915421" title="Instruction unit">
Instruction unit

The instruction unit (IU) in a central processing unit (CPU) is responsible for organising program instructions to be fetched from memory, and executed, in an appropriate order. It is a part of the control unit, which in turn is part of the CPU.
In the simplest style of computer architecture, the instruction cycle is very rigid, and runs exactly as specified by the programmer.
In the Instruction Fetch part of the cycle,
the contents of the program counter (PC) register are placed on the address bus, and sent to the memory unit;
the memory unit returns the instruction at that address, and it is latched into the Instruction Register (IR);
and the contents of the PC are incremented or over-written by a new value (in the case of a Jump or Branch instruction) ready for the next instruction cycle.
This becomes a lot more complicated, though, once performance-enhancing features are added, such as instruction pipelining, out-of-order execution, and even just the introduction of a simple instruction cache.

</doc>
<doc id="5915436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915436" title="John Howarth">
John Howarth

John Stirling Howarth (born 26 March 1945) is a former English county cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club. A right-arm fast-medium bowler of some success, he is believed to hold the unfortunate record of most first class matches played without scoring a run.
Howarth was born in Stockport, Cheshire and played for Notts in the 1966 and 1967 English cricket seasons. In 13 first class games he took 19 wickets at an average just below 34. He is, however, best known for his remarkable record of scoring no runs in this time. A career of 13 first class matches without a run is the world record. However, Howarth only batted seven innings in these matches (out of a theoretical maximum of 26, had he batted in two innings per game). In those he was dismissed four times for a duck, and finished not out without scoring on three other occasions, giving him a career best score of 0*. According to Lynch, the record for most innings in a career without scoring a run appears to belong to Seymour Clark, who played for Somerset County Cricket Club as a wicket-keeper in the 1930 season. In five matches he batted nine innings, with seven ducks and two scores of 0*.
Howarth, who also played for Minor Counties, had success in his one-day cricket career, although he was limited to 5 List A matches spread from 1967 to the 1977 season. He took 8 wickets at the low average of 18.12, with a strike rate of 35 balls per wicket and an economy rate of just 3.08 runs per over. His best bowling figures were 3/30, coincidentally identical to his first class best. Howarth also had (slightly) more success with his right-handed batting, being dismissed only twice in four innings for a total of nine runs at an average of 4.50. His highest score was 5.

</doc>
<doc id="5915462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915462" title="Santa Barbara High School">
Santa Barbara High School

Santa Barbara High School, "Home of the Dons," is situated on a campus in Santa Barbara, California and is part of the Santa Barbara Unified School District. One of the oldest high schools in California, it was established in 1875, and moved to its current site in 1924. Until the creation of two rival high schools in 1959 and 1966, it was the sole public high school serving the city of Santa Barbara. In November 2005, its 18th-century Spanish influenced design was named an official California and City historic landmark. Today, Santa Barbara High School has an enrollment of roughly 2,200 pupils and certified staff numbering 108.
The school's newspaper, The Forge, has been in continuous publication since 1914, making it the second oldest high school newspaper in California.
From 2006-2008 SBHS has advanced in Newsweek's national survey of the top 1,300 public high schools. In 2008, it ranked 800, putting it in the top 5% of schools in the United States. Also, in the 2008 year SBHS ranked high above the state average in SAT scores. On a scale out of 2400, over 75 percent of SBHS students tested ≥ 1500, compared to the state average of less than 50 percent. Also the class of 2011 displayed their knowledge in 2009, when more the 85% of them passed the California Exit exam, best record at the High school.
Santa Barbara High School is widely known nationally for its achievements in athletics. While many schools celebrate league championships, Santa Barbara High School only recognizes CIF and California State Championships. Santa Barbara High School has always had some of the best athletes in the Nation attend the school. The Dons went to five CIF finals in the 2007–2008 year alone. One team even proceeded to State Championships. Santa Barbara has a rich history of CIF championships as well. The school has 51 titles to their name as well as many runners-up. In 2014 the girls' basketball team, coached by Andrew Butcher, won the CIF 3A Southern Section and was the state champion runner up.
SBHS embraces and is known for its diversity, where Latino students consist of approximately 55 percent of the student population. Students looking for a creative outlet can choose from two long standing academies—the first studies Visual Arts and Design (known as VADA), and the other studies Multimedia Arts and Design, or (MAD). SBHS also promotes student expression through its award winning Performing Arts Department, of consisting theatre/musical theatre under the direction of Otto Layman; Vocal Music under the direction of Nadia Stehmeier; the award winning Marching Band, the Marching Dons, and other instrumental musical groups under the direction of Charles Ortega. The theatre at Santa Barbara has a long and storied history, having been performed continuously for over a hundred years. Its current venue, in the heart of the campus, is an 800 seat state of the art complex first built in 1924 and restored in 1970 and again beginning in 1996 to the present (new seating, sound and lighting was installed beginning in 2007). Two major shows are produced each year, with professional designers, musical director and choreographer on staff. For the past 18 years the head of the theatre department has been headed by Otto Layman, and in that time the program has been recognized nationally for the quality of their productions. Former students recently in the news include Dana Costello (JEKYLL AND HYDE on Broadway) and Jessica Adcock Love (GRACE on Broadway). SBHS has had two finalists in the Youth Spotlight Awards (Geoffrey Hahn, runner-up, 2012 and Grant Bower, 2014--*2014 Awards April 26, 2014.)The students at SBHS also produce, direct, and act in their own musical revue, MUSIC OF THE NIGHT, early each February. More detail about the theatre can be seen at www.sbhstheatre.com.
Alma mater.
Santa Barbara, Hail to Thee!
Written by Doris Holt, Class of 1944
Santa Barbara Hail to Thee, 
Strong Thy ties shall ever be. 
Son and daughter praise Thy name, 
Honor Thee and spread Thy fame. 
Learning and fellowship always Thou art, 
Deep graven these on every heart. 
Strong Thy ties shall ever be, 
Santa Barbara Hail to Thee!

</doc>
<doc id="5915465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915465" title="Knox's Headquarters State Historic Site">
Knox's Headquarters State Historic Site

Knox's Headquarters State Historic Site, in the town of New Windsor in Orange County, New York, consists of the Georgian house of the Ellison family, built in 1754, and the grounds around it. It is located on Old Forge Hill Road, just south of Route 94 east of Vails Gate. 
Although most closely associated with Henry Knox, who was using it as his headquarters as the Revolutionary War drew to a close in the early 1780s, it was used as a general's headquarters throughout most of the war, by Nathanael Greene and Horatio Gates.
The site was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1972. While owned by the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation the Ellison House is administered and operated by the Palisades Interstate Park Commission, like many other state parks and historic sites in the mid- and lower Hudson region.
Today, the house can be toured when the site is open. It is used to educate visitors about how 18th-century families such as the Ellisons actually lived. On holidays and special occasions staff dress in reproduction period clothing and give special events. Staff dressed as the 2nd Continental Artillery frequently demonstrate cannon use on the grounds during special events, as Knox was best known for his command of Continental artillery.
The house and its grounds were the setting and subject of the children's haunted-house novel "Buried Treasure" (1919), by the best-selling children's author Henry Everett McNeil. The book is illustrated with McNeil's own photographs (made circa 1911 or 1912) of the various buildings and bridge at the Knox site.
The Jane Colden Plant Sanctuary along some of the trails in the nearby woods memorializes America's first female botanist, who also resided in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="5915468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915468" title="Ti Kwan Leep">
Ti Kwan Leep

Ti Kwan Leep is a sketch comedy recording by the Canadian comedy troupe The Frantics. It appears on their 1987 album "Boot to the Head".
In the skit, an Eastern martial arts master starts off his class by explaining the basic philosophy of a fictional martial art called "Ti Kwan Leep" (take one leap). An impatient student in the class named Ed Gruberman interrupts the master, wanting to skip the philosophy and learn how to "beat people up". After several interruptions the master agrees to show Gruberman some moves, and gives him a "Boot to the Head" (a catch phrase of the troupe that started in their 1984 sketch "Last Will and Temperament"). The situation rapidly escalates until the entire class is left beaten and broken; their moans and groans then become the "Ommmmm" of meditation.
This skit is followed on the album (and often when played on the radio) with the song "Boot to the Head". The two were combined into a single track for disc 2 of the "Dr. Demento 20th Anniversary Collection", with a line from "Ti Kwan Leep" containing a mild expletive edited out.
Ed Gruberman later appears in the Frantics' skit "Army Careers."

</doc>
<doc id="5915478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915478" title="Korpral">
Korpral

Korpral is a Swedish military rank corresponding to OR-4, usually serving as a squad leader, deputy squad leader or in a specialized function.
History and related ranks.
1600 - 1700.
A korpral held the position as platoon (korpralskap) leader of 24 men during the Swedish allotment system. The korpralskap consisted of four rote (teams) of 6 men each. Each rote was led by a rote master.
Sweden:Reform 1833/37.
Korporals were considered underofficers in the Cavalry before the reorganization 1833/37, when Korprals were elevated to Sergeants and the rank was moved down in status.
Konstapel.
Established 1500.
A corresponding artillery and air-defense rank.
Removed 1972 as a rank.
Sweden: Distinktionskorpral.
Established 1858 as a rank above Korpral.
1912: Holders of the rank were elevated to Furir and the ranks was removed.
Sweden: Vicekorpral Vicekonstapel.
Ranks existed until 1972 for deputy squad leaders. The corresponding English rank was Lance Corporal.
Reform 1972 - Rank inflation phase I.
Prior to 1972, military personnel were divided into three categories "Underbefäl" (non-commissioned officers), "Underofficerare" (warrant officers) and "Officerare" (commissioned officers). The reform established a four-career-path system with four categories as described below and carried out major promotions of most personnel below the rank Överstelöjtnant. 
The "Underbefäl" category was split into two categories 
The "Underofficer" category was renamed kompaniofficerare to include
The "Officer" category was renamed regementsofficerare to include 
Reform 1983 - Rank inflation phase II.
All categories were merged into one professional officer category with the lowest rank set to fänrik. Furir, överfurir, sergeant and fanjunkare were removed as professional ranks. Holders of the rank fanjunkare were promoted to löjtnant and the rest to fänrik.

</doc>
<doc id="5915493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915493" title="High-frequency ventilation">
High-frequency ventilation

High frequency ventilation is a type of mechanical ventilation which utilizes a respiratory rate greater than 4 times the normal value. (>150 (Vf) breaths per minute) and very small tidal volumes. High frequency ventilation is thought to reduce ventilator-associated lung injury (VALI), especially in the context of ARDS and acute lung injury. This is commonly referred to as lung protective ventilation. There are different flavors of High frequency ventilation. Each type has its own unique advantages and disadvantages. The types of HFV are characterized by the delivery system and the type of exhalation phase.
High frequency ventilation may be used alone, or in combination with conventional mechanical ventilation. In general, those devices that need conventional mechanical ventilation do not produce the same lung protective effects as those that can operate without tidal breathing. Specifications and capabilities will vary depending on the device manufacturer.
Physiology.
With conventional ventilation where tidal volumes (VT) exceed dead space(VDEAD), gas exchange is largely related to bulk flow of gas to the alveoli. With high frequency ventilation, the tidal volumes used are smaller than anatomical and equipment dead space and therefore alternative mechanisms of gas exchange occur.
High frequency ventilation (passive).
In the UK, the Mistral or Monsoon jet ventilator (Acutronic Medical Systems) is most commonly used. In the United States the Bunnell LifePulse jet ventilator is most commonly used.
Bunnell LifePulse jet ventilator.
High frequency jet ventilation (HFJV) is provided by the Bunnell Life Pulse High-Frequency Ventilator. HFJV employs an endotracheal tube adaptor in place for the normal 15 mm ET tube adaptor. A high pressure "jet" of gas flows out of the adaptor and into the airway. This jet of gas occurs for a very brief duration, about 0.02 seconds, and at high frequency: 4-11 hertz. Tidal volumes ≤ 1 ml/Kg are used during HFJV. This combination of small tidal volumes delivered for very short periods of time creates the lowest possible distal airway and alveolar pressures produced by a mechanical ventilator. Exhalation is passive. Jet ventilators utilize various I:E ratios—between 1:1.1 and 1:12—to help achieve optimal exhalation. Conventional mechanical breaths are sometimes used to aid in reinflating the lung. Optimal PEEP is used to maintain alveolar inflation and promote ventilation-to-perfusion matching. Jet ventilation has been shown to reduce ventilator induced lung injury by as much as 20%. Usage of high frequency jet ventilation is recommended in neonates and adults with severe lung injury.
Indications for use.
The Bunnell Life Pulse High-Frequency Ventilator is indicated for use in ventilating critically ill infants with pulmonary interstitial emphysema (PIE). Infants studied ranged in birth weight from 750 to 3529 grams and in gestation age from 24 to 41 weeks.
The Bunnell Life Pulse High-Frequency Ventilator is also indicated for use in ventilating
critically ill infants with respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) complicated by pulmonary air leaks who are, in the opinion of their physicians, failing on conventional ventilation. Infants of this description studied ranged in birth weight from 600 to 3660 grams and in gestational age from 24 to 38 weeks.
Adverse effects.
The adverse side effects noted during the use of high-frequency ventilation include those
commonly found during the use of conventional positive pressure ventilators. These adverse effects include:
Contraindications.
High-frequency jet ventilation is contraindicated in patients requiring tracheal tubes smaller than 2.5 mm ID.
Settings and parameters.
Peak inspiratory pressure (PIP).
The peak inspiratory pressure (PIP) window displays the average PIP. During startup a PIP sample is taken with every inhalation cycle and is averaged with all other samples taken over the most recent ten-second period. After regular operation begins, samples are averaged over the most recent twenty-second period.
ΔP (Delta P).
The value displayed in the ΔP (pressure difference) window represents the difference between the PIP value and the PEEP value.
Servo pressure.
The servo pressure display indicates the amount of pressure the machine must generate
internally in order to achieve the PIP appearing in the servo-display. Its value can range from 0—20 psi (0—137.9 kPa). If the PIP sensed or approximated at the distal tip of the tracheal tube deviates from the desired PIP, the machine automatically generates more or less internal pressure in an attempt to compensate for the change. The servo-pressure display keeps the operator informed.
The servo display is a general clinical indicator of changes in the compliance or resistance of the patient's lungs, as well as loss of lung volume due to tension pneumothorax.
High frequency percussive ventilation.
HFPV — High frequency percussive ventilation combines HFV plus time cycled, pressure-limited controlled mechanical ventilation (i.e., pressure control ventilation, PCV).
High frequency positive pressure ventilation.
HFPPV — High frequency positive pressure ventilation is rarely used anymore, having been replaced by high frequency jet, oscillatory and percussive types of ventilation. HFPPV is delivered through the endotracheal tube using a conventional ventilator whose frequency is set near its upper limits. HFPV began to be used in selected centres in the 1980s. It is a hybrid of conventional mechanical ventilation and high-frequency oscillatory ventilation. It has been used to salvage patients with persistent hypoxemia when on conventional mechanical ventilation or, in some cases, used as a primary modality of ventilatory support from the start.
High frequency flow interruption.
HFFI — High Frequency Flow Interruption is similar to high frequency jet ventilation but the gas control mechanism is different. Frequently a rotating bar or ball with a small opening is placed in the path of a high pressure gas. As the bar or ball rotates and the opening lines-up with the gas flow, a small, brief pulse of gas is allowed to enter the airway. Frequencies for HFFI are typically limited to maximum of about 15 hertz.
High frequency ventilation (active).
High frequency ventilation (active) — HFV-A is notable for the active exhalation mechanic included. Active exhalation means a negative pressure is applied to force volume out of the lungs. The CareFusion 3100A and 3100B are similar in all aspects except the target patient size. The 3100A is designed for use on patients up to 35 kilograms and the 3100B is designed for use on patients larger than 35 kilograms.
CareFusion 3100A and 3100B.
High frequency oscillatory ventilation was first described in 1972 and is used in neonates and adult patient populations to reduce lung injury, or to prevent further lung injury. HFOV is characterized by high respiratory rates between 3.5 to 15 hertz (210 - 900 breaths per minute) and having both inhalation and exhalation maintained by active pressures. The rates used vary widely depending upon patient size, age, and disease process. In HFOV the pressure oscillates around the constant distending pressure (equivalent to mean airway pressure ) which in effect is the same as positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP). Thus gas is pushed into the lung during inspiration, and then pulled out during expiration. HFOV generates very low tidal volumes that are generally less than the dead space of the lung. Tidal volume is dependent on endotracheal tube size, power and frequency. Different mechanisms (direct bulk flow - convective, Taylorian dispersion, Pendelluft effect, asymmetrical velocity profiles, cardiogenic mixing and molecular diffusion) of gas transfer are believed to come into play in HFOV compared to normal mechanical ventilation. It is often used in patients who have refractory hypoxemia that cannot be corrected by normal mechanical ventilation such as is the case in the following disease processes: severe ARDS, ALI and other oxygenation diffusion issues. In some neonatal patients HFOV may be used as the first-line ventilator due to the high susceptibility of the premature infant to lung injury from conventional ventilation.
Breath delivery.
The vibrations are created by an electromagnetic valve that controls a piston. The resulting vibrations are similar to those produced by a stereo speaker. The height of the vibrational wave is the amplitude. Higher amplitudes create greater pressure fluctuations which move more gas with each vibration. The number of vibrations per minute is the frequency. One Hertz equals 60 cycles per minute. The higher amplitudes at lower frequencies will cause the greatest fluctuation in pressure and move the most gas. 
Altering the % inspiratory time (T%i) changes the proportion of the time in which the vibration or sound wave is above the baseline versus below it. Increasing the % Inspiratory Time will also increase the volume of gas moved or tidal volume. Decreasing the frequency, increasing the amplitude, and increasing the % inspiratory time will all increase tidal volume and eliminate CO2. Increasing the tidal volume will also tend to increase the mean airway pressure.
Settings and measurements.
Bias flow.
The bias flow controls and indicates the rate of continuous flow of humidified blended gas through the patient circuit. The control knob is a 15-turn pneumatic valve which increases flow as it is turned.
Mean pressure adjust.
The mean pressure adjust setting adjusts the mean airway pressure (PAW) by controlling the resistance of the airway pressure control valve. The mean airway pressure will change and requires the mean pressure adjust to be adjusted when the following settings are changed:
During high frequency oscillatory ventilation (HFOV), PAW is the primary variable affecting oxygenation and is set independent of other variables on the oscillator. Because distal airway pressure changes during HFOV are minimal, the PAW during HFOV can be viewed in a manner similar to the PEEP level in conventional ventilation. The optimal PAW can be considered as a compromise between maximal lung recruitment and minimal overdistention.
Mean pressure limit.
The mean pressure limit controls the limit above which proximal PAW cannot be increased by setting the control pressure of the pressure limit valve. The mean pressure limit range is 10-45 cmH2O.
ΔP and amplitude.
The power setting is set as amplitude to establish a measured change of pressure (ΔP). Amplitude/Power is a setting which determines the amount of power that is driving the oscillator piston forward and backward resulting in an air volume (tidal volume) displacement. The effect of the amplitude on the ΔP that it is changed by the displacement of the oscillator piston and hence the oscillatory pressure (ΔP). The power setting interacts with PAW conditions existing within the patient circuit to produce the resulting ΔP.
% Inspiratory time.
The percent of inspiratory time is a setting which determines the percent of cycle time the piston is traveling toward (or at its final inspiratory position). The inspiratory percent range is 30—50%.
Frequency.
The frequency setting is measured in hertz (hz). The control knob is a 10-turn clockwise-increasing potentiometer covering a range of 3 Hz to 15 Hz. The set frequency is displayed on a digital meter on the face of the ventilator. One Hertz is (-/+5%) equal to 1 breath per second, or 60 breaths per minute (e.g., 10 Hz = 600 breaths per minute). Changes in
frequency are inversely proportional to the amplitude and thus delivered tidal volume.
Oscillation trough pressure.
Oscillation trough pressure is the pressure existing within the HFOV circuit during the ventilators negative deflection.
Transtracheal jet ventilation.
Transtracheal jet ventilation refers to a type of high-frequency ventilation, low tidal volume ventilation provided via a laryngeal catheter by specialized ventilators that are usually only available in the operating room or intensive care unit. This procedure is occasionally employed in the operating room when a difficult airway is anticipated. Such as Treacher Collins syndrome, Robin sequence, head and neck surgery with supraglottic or glottic obstruction).
Adverse effects.
The adverse side effects noted during the use of high-frequency ventilation include those
commonly found during the use of conventional positive pressure ventilators. These adverse effects include:

</doc>
<doc id="5915505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915505" title="Little Dipper (Memphis Kiddie Park)">
Little Dipper (Memphis Kiddie Park)

The Little Dipper is a junior steel roller coaster located at Memphis Kiddie Park in Brooklyn, Ohio.
The coaster was built by The Allan Herschell Company and began operating in April 1952, making it the oldest continuously-operating steel roller coaster from its original location in North America. In the 1970s, the original train was replaced with one that had silver with blue accents. For the 2006 season it was repainted red with white accents.
The coaster has one three-car train. Riders are seated two across with two rows per car, giving the coaster a capacity of 12 riders.

</doc>
<doc id="5915518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915518" title="Orbital Resonance (novel)">
Orbital Resonance (novel)

Orbital Resonance is a science fiction novel by John Barnes. It is the first of four books comprising the "Century Next Door" series, followed by "Kaleidoscope Century", "Candle", "The Sky So Big and Black".
"Orbital Resonance" was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1991.
Critical reaction.
"This may be Barnes’s best book. (Or that may be A Million Open Doors.) It’s a book almost everyone who likes SF will enjoy, and if it gives you a lot to think about as well, then that’s all to the good." -- Jo Walton 

</doc>
<doc id="5915533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915533" title="Alessandro Matri">
Alessandro Matri

Alessandro Matri (born 19 August 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Italian Serie A club Milan.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Sant'Angelo Lodigiano, Lombardy, a "comune" 30 km away from Milan, Matri started his career at Milan and made his debut on 24 May 2003 against Piacenza Calcio as a starter, due to Milan resting most of their starting eleven in view of the Champions League final won against Juventus 4 days later. Matri partnered with Michele Piccolo and was replaced by Roberto Bortolotto in the 71st minute but he did not score. In the next season, he played all the time at Primavera (U20) Team and has not played in the first team. In the 2004–05 and 2005–06 seasons, he left on loan to Prato (along with Piccolo) and Lumezzane, played 64 Serie C1 matches.
Rimini.
In 2006–07 season, Matri was loaned to Rimini, Serie B team. Here he partnered with the more experienced Ricchiuti, Jeda and Moscardelli (all destined for playing in Serie A) therefore he sometimes started from the bench. During his stay in Rimini, Matri scored 4 goals in Serie B, all of them between March and April 2007: a double in Brescia, a goal against Treviso and the goal that decided a home derby against the rivals of A.C. Cesena. He also scored a goal in Coppa Italia.
Cagliari.
In June 2007, as part of David Suazo's deal to Milan, he left for Cagliari in co-ownership deal, for €2 million. (Suazo eventually joined city rival Internazionale.) He partnered with Robert Acquafresca, which Internazionale sent him to the Sardinia as part of Suazo's deal. The young strikers scored 16 goals for the team, ahead of midfielders Pasquale Foggia and Daniele Conti (both five goals). Their replacement, Jeda and Joaquín Larrivey, scored three goals in half season and one goal in the full season, respectively. In June 2008, Cagliari bought the another half of the player's registration rights for another €2 million.
In the next season, Matri became the third choice striker, as Jeda and Acquafresca were in better form throughout the season. He did score, however, six goals in 31 matches, but only 11 of them as a starter.
After the exit of Acquafresca, Matri became the other half of a starting pair along with Jeda, with new signing Nenê, the 2008–09 Portuguese Liga top-scorer, played as a substitute. He was the team's top scorer, having scored 12 league goals, ahead Nenê (seven goals) and Jeda (six goals). At the start of the 2010–11 Serie A season, he was re-united with Acquafresca as he re-joined Cagliari. Matri, Acquafresca, and Nenê scored 11 goals in 22 games, three goals in 21 games (only 11 starts), and four times in 20 games (14 starts) in the league, respectively, before Matri's departure.
Juventus.
On 31 January 2011, in the final hours of the January transfer window, Matri moved to Juventus until the end of the season in loan deal that saw the remaining half of Lorenzo Ariaudo's registration rights, worth €2.5 million, being acquired to Cagliari; Juventus would also have an option to permanently acquire the player at the end of the season for an additional €15.5 million, made him worth €18 million in total.
The acquisition was a consequence of Juventus' striking vacancies caused by an out-of-season injury to fellow on-loan striker Fabio Quagliarella and the loan of Amauri to Parma.
Matri made his Juventus debut only two days later, playing in a league game against Palermo, ended in a 2–1 win for the Sicilian opponents. On 5 February, Matri scored his first two goals for Juventus on his return to Cagliari, when he latched onto a Miloš Krasić pass and drove into the near corner for the first, and volleyed again for the second, choosing not to celebrate on both occasions.
Matri scored his third goal for Juventus in the classic Derby d'Italia, scoring a header and defeating Internazionale 1–0. He wasn't able to score in the three upcoming matches against Lecce, Bologna, and Milan.
In the next match, he scored another brace, although Juventus managed to secure only one point on a 2-2 away draw match against newly promoted Cesena.
On 4 April, Matri scored his sixth goal for Juventus against Roma, which ended in a 2–0 victory for Juventus.
The next match, he again scored one goal, helping the "Bianconeri" obtain the full three points against Genoa.
On 2 June Matri officially signed for Juventus on a permanent deal which will see the player sign for pre-agreed €15.5 million.
Matri signed the contract which would tie him to Juventus until 30 June 2015.
On 2 April 2012 Juventus announced that Matri had added 2 more years to his current contract to 30 June 2017.
Return to Milan.
On 30 August 2013, Milan bought back Matri from Juventus for €11 million.
Fiorentina Loan.
Serie A side Fiorentina moved to resolve an injury crisis affecting their strikers by signing Italian international striker Alessandro Matri on loan from rivals AC Milan on Tuesday. Matri will fill the hole left by injuries to Giuseppe Rossi, leading scorer in Serie A with 14 goals, and German international Mario Gomez. "There are some minor details to eke out and then I will be available for the coach," Matri told ViolaChannel.tv. "I am hungry to play and to score a lot of goals," added the 29-year-old, who has played just six times for Milan this term, scoring once, and has become the target of abuse from the fans. Matri will sign a six month contract with no option for Fiorentina to buy him. Fiorentina have been searching for a striker since Rossi was injured on January 5 while Gomez has been out of action since virtually the start of the season.
International career.
Matri earned his first call up for the Italian national team for a friendly match against Germany that took place on 9 February 2011. On 29 March, he made his debut in the friendly game against Ukraine played in Kiev, where he scored his first goal for Italy in the 81st minute, in a match which Italy won 2–0.
Honours.
Juventus
Statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 7 January 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="5915582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915582" title="Pride Bushido 12">
Pride Bushido 12

Pride Bushido 12 also known as Pride Bushido Survival 2nd Round was a mixed martial arts event held by Pride Fighting Championships. It took place on August 26, 2006, at the Nagoya Rainbow Hall. 
Background.
The event consisted of the second round of the 2006 BUSHIDO Welterweight (83 kg) tournament. The winning tournament participants in this round advanced to the semifinals, which were held at Pride Bushido 13 on November 5th.
Bushido 12 marked the beginning of Pride showing Bushido events for free in America. Bushido 12 was shown on free cable television in the United States through Fox Sports Net on August 27, 2006. This broadcast was edited for content and for time down to two hours. 

</doc>
<doc id="5915605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915605" title="Internal clock">
Internal clock

Internal clock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5915609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915609" title="Fiona McIntosh">
Fiona McIntosh

Fiona McIntosh (born 1960) is an author of adult and children's books who lives in Australia. She was born in Brighton, England and between the ages of three and eight, travelled a lot to Africa due to her father's work. At the age of nineteen, she travelled first to Paris and later to Australia, where she has lived ever since. In 2007, she released a crime novel, "Bye Bye Baby", under the pseudonym of
Lauren Crow, however the pen name has since been dropped for the republished edition of "Bye Bye Baby" and for the sequel, "Beautiful Death".

</doc>
<doc id="5915613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915613" title="Nordic Investment Bank">
Nordic Investment Bank

The Nordic Investment Bank (NIB) is an international financial institution founded in the mid-1970s by the five Nordic countries: Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden. In 2005, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania became members of the Bank. NIB’s headquarters are located in Helsinki, Finland. NIB acquires the funds for its lending by borrowing on the international capital markets.
Vision and mission.
NIB's vision is a prosperous and sustainable Nordic-Baltic region. NIB finances projects that improve competitiveness and the environment of the Nordic and Baltic countries.
Strategy.
To improve competitiveness of its member countries, the NIB-financed projects support productivity growth through
In terms of the environment, NIB lends to projects that lead to
NIB has a significant environmental loan portfolio outside its member countries, including the Baltic Sea and Barents regions.
Projects considered for financing are viewed from a sustainable growth perspective. NIB analyses their impact on competitiveness and the environment as well as their indirect effects on the economy and society. 
NIB acquires the funds for its lending by borrowing on international capital markets. The Bank’s bonds enjoy the highest possible credit rating, AAA/Aaa, with the leading rating agencies Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s.
Corporate responsibility.
NIB promotes sustainable growth by providing financing to projects that strengthen competitiveness and enhance the environment, in line with the Bank's mission. NIB recognises that taking ecological and social aspects into account is part of good business and leads to sustainable development. NIB believes that this approach enhances the competitive advantage of the Bank's customers and that economic growth and a healthy environment go hand in hand. As an international financial institution, NIB places particular emphasis on issues relating to corporate responsibility.
Structure and management.
Each member country designates a Governor to the Bank's Board of Governors, which is the supreme decision-making body. The Control Committee is the Bank's supervisory body. The Board of Directors makes policy decisions concerning the operations and approves the financial transactions proposed by NIB's President. NIB's President is responsible for the conduct of the current operations of the Bank. The President is assisted in his or her work by the Executive Committee, Asset and Liability Committee, Credit Committee, Finance Committee and ICT Council. 
The Bank has some 180 employees from all the member countries. NIB has its headquarters in Helsinki, Finland. The Bank's official languages are English and Swedish. 
NIB promotes transparency, predictability, accountability, responsibility and disclosure as general principles enhancing and furthering good governance.
Legal framework.
NIB is governed by its constituent documents, namely the Agreement among its member countries and the Statutes, as well as the Headquarters Agreement concluded between NIB and the Government of Finland. These establish that NIB is the member countries' common international financial institution, having the same status as other legal persons conducting similar operations within and outside the member countries. Furthermore, the constituent documents stipulate that NIB has the status of an international legal person with full legal capacity, define the immunities and privileges of the Bank and its personnel and set out the structure for the governance of the Bank.
Constituent documents 
Agreement on NIB, Statutes, and Host-Country Agreement (340 kB)
Cooperation.
NIB places great importance on its cooperation with other financing institutions. The Bank's aim is to create added value for its customers by supplementing other sources of finance with long-term loans and guarantees. NIB cooperates and cofinances projects with other international financial institutions and regional multilateral banks as well as with public and private sector lenders such as export credit institutions, development cooperation authorities and commercial banks. NIB belongs to the Nordic Finance Group consisting of four international financial institutions located together in Helsinki, Finland. NIB channels its financing to small and medium-sized enterprises through local intermediaries. 
NIB participates actively in the Northern Dimension Environmental Partnership (NDEP). As regards environmental cooperation, NIB has also signed the declaration European principles of the environment together with four other European international financial institutions. NIB hosts the Secretariat of the Northern Dimension Partnership on Transport and Logistics (NDPTL) established in 2009.
NIB has established cooperation with international financial institutions such as the Asian Development Bank (ADB); the African Development Bank (AfDB); the Council of Europe Development Bank (CEB); the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD); the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB); as well as the IBRD, IDA, and IFC within the World Bank Group. Furthermore, NIB has cooperation agreements with three regional multilateral banks: the Black Sea Trade & Development Bank, the Central American Bank for Economic Integration CABEI and the Andean Development Corporation CAF. Through these institutions, NIB can operate also in countries where it has no agreement on financial cooperation. 
Nordic Finance Group.
NIB is part of the Nordic Finance Group, consisting of four international financial institutions located in the same block in Helsinki, Finland. The institutions within the group offer different types of financing and competences. In addition to NIB, the following institutions belong to the group: 
NDF is a multilateral development finance organisation, providing grant financing for climate projects in poor developing countries. 
NEFCO is a risk capital institution financing environmental projects in Central and Eastern Europe. 
Nopef is an organisation that works to strengthen the international competitiveness of small and medium-sized enterprises by providing loans on favourable terms for cofinancing feasibility studies. 
NDF, NEFCO and Nopef are owned by the five Nordic countries.

</doc>
<doc id="5915649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915649" title="Frozen in Time">
Frozen in Time

Frozen in Time is the 2005 (see 2005 in music) comeback album by American death metal band Obituary. It was the band's first album in eight years since 1997's "Back from the Dead" and the last to feature guitarist Allen West.
Longtime contributor Scott Burns temporarily reunited with Obituary and became their producer for this album. It was 11 years since he co-produced Obituary's 1994 album "World Demise". This was also the last album he co-produced for the band.
A music video has been made for the song "Insane".

</doc>
<doc id="5915653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915653" title="Mickey Munoz">
Mickey Munoz

Mickey Munoz, nicknamed "The Mongoose", was born in New York City in 1937 and is one of the early pioneers of surfing but is perhaps more famous for his work as a surfboard shaper. Munoz, a historical figure in the surfing world, has been featured in many popular surfing documentaries such as the 2004 film "Riding Giants". He currently resides in Capistrano Beach, California and designs boards for Surftech, a manufacturer of epoxy boards.
Munoz graduated from Santa Monica High School. He was part of the surfing scene at Malibu and was present on June 27, 1956, the day a young lady showed up and Terry "Tubesteak" Tracy nicknamed her Gidget. Later he was the stunt double for Sandra Dee in the 1959 Gidget movie. He developed a stance while surfing that became known as the "quasimoto".[http://www.surfingwalkoffame.com/pioneer/Munoz_Mickey.html]
The correct spelling of his last name is actually Muñoz, but it mostly appears as Munoz. A good example of this appeared in his own blog, where the web address has Munoz, but the graphic on the home page has Muñoz.

</doc>
<doc id="5915666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915666" title="Peggy Rea">
Peggy Rea

Peggy Jane Rea (March 31, 1921 – February 5, 2011) was an American actress known for her many roles in television, often playing matronly characters. Rea left UCLA to attend business school, landing a job as a production secretary at MGM in the 1940s.
Career.
She appeared in such television programs as "I Love Lucy", "Hazel", "Bonanza", "Have Gun Will Travel", "Gunsmoke", "Sergeant Bilko", "Ironside", "Burke's Law", "Marcus Welby, M.D.", "All In The Family", "Hunter", "The Odd Couple", "Gidget", "Busting Loose", "MacGyver", "The Dukes of Hazzard" (as Lulu Coltrane Hogg) and "The Golden Girls". 
She appeared in feature films, including "Cold Turkey" and "In Country". She joined the cast of "The Waltons" in 1979, her character brought in to fill the void created by the departures several key cast members; she remained on that show through its 1981 cancellation. She was a regular on the sitcom "Grace Under Fire" during the 1990s.
Credits.
Her recurring roles included: 
Death.
She died in Toluca Lake, California, aged 89, from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis on February 5, 2011, almost two months before her 90th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="5915670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915670" title="The Artifact">
The Artifact

"The Artifact" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5915679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915679" title="Malaipaṭukaṭām">
Malaipaṭukaṭām

Malaipatukatam,(Tamil: மலைபடுகடாம்) is a Tamil poetic work in the "Pathinenmaelkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature, belonging to the Sangam period corresponding to between 100 BCE – 100 CE. "Malaipatukatam" contains 583 lines of poetry in the "Achiriyappa" meter. The poems were written by the poet Perunkosikanaar from Perunkunrur. In praise of a minor chieftain named Nannan Venmaan. "Malaipatukatam" belongs to the Pattupattu collection and follows the "Arruppadtai" style, a device used by most of the books in the Pattupattu collection. 
"Arruppatai" poems read like travelogues in which poets who were returning with gifts received from a king, encourage other poets to do the same by describing in glowing terms the king and his country. This gives the opportunity to the poet, among other topics, to describe in great detail the natural beauty, fertility, and resources of the territory that has to be traversed to reach the palace of the patron. 
"Malaipatukatam" describes the various sounds generated and echoed in a mountainous terrain and uses the analogy of an elephant for the mountain to explain these sounds. It also describes the lifestyle of the folk dancers of the ancient Tamil country

</doc>
<doc id="5915681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915681" title="Mafenide">
Mafenide

Mafenide (INN; usually as mafenide acetate, trade name Sulfamylon) is a sulfonamide-type medication. It was approved by the FDA in 1948.
Uses.
It is used to treat severe burns. It is used topically as an adjunctive therapy for second- and third-degree burns. It is bacteriostatic against many gram-positive and gram-negative organisms, including Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Some sources state that mafenide is more appropriate for non-facial burns, while chloramphenicol/prednisolone or bacitracin are more appropriate for facial burns.
Mechanism of Action.
Mafenide works by reducing the bacterial population present in the avascular tissues of burns and permits spontaneous healing of deep partial-thickness burns.
Adverse Reactions.
Adverse reactions can include superinfection, pain or burning upon application, rash, pruritus, tachypnea, or hyperventilation. Mafenide is metabolized to a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor, which could potentially result in metabolic acidosis. 
Drug interactions.
There are no significant interactions.
Contraindications.
Mafenide is contraindicated in those with sulfonamide hypersensitivity or renal impairment.
Dosage.
For use as adjunctive therapy for second- and third-degree burns to prevent infection, adults and children should apply topically to a thickness of approximately 1.6 mm to cleaned and debrided wound once or twice per day with a sterile gloved hand. The burned area should be covered with cream at all times.

</doc>
<doc id="5915682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915682" title="Prospect Highway">
Prospect Highway

The Prospect Highway is now a secondary link road in the Sydney, Australia road network. It provides a free alternative link from the M4 Western to the M2 Hills Motorways, the Westlink M7 being a toll road.
The highway provides access for many Hills District residents to the M4 for their daily commutes both towards the Sydney CBD and to the west.
The highway takes its name from the Blacktown suburb Prospect, which it links to Seven Hills. Like many highways in the Sydney area, it was formed by linking a series of local roads, including Abbott Road, Seven Hills Road, Wall Park Avenue, and Blacktown Road.

</doc>
<doc id="5915692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915692" title="Wendy Baker">
Wendy Baker

Wendy Baker (born March 10, 1964 in Montréal, Quebec) is a former field hockey goalkeeper from Canada. She was a member of the Women's Senior National Team, which finished sixth at the 1988 Olympic Games in Seoul, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="5915702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915702" title="Tim Harris">
Tim Harris

Tim or Timothy Harris may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5915704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915704" title="Samuel Burgess">
Samuel Burgess

Captain Samuel Burgess was a member of Captain William Kidd's crew in 1690 when the "Blessed William" was seized.
In 1693, Edward Coates became captain and the former Captain Burgess left the ship and went to New York. He arrived in April, bought a house and took on a job with Frederick Phillips, New York's wealthiest merchant. Over the next few years Burgess made many profitable voyages to Madagascar selling supplies and guns to pirates in exchange for gold and slaves.
Around September 1699, Burgess was in command of the "Margaret". Near Saint Mary's Island he ran into a British fleet and was offered a pardon for any piratical activities. Several of Burgess' crew accepted and bought passage home with the fleet. Burgess sailed to Cape Town, South Africa, by December he reached his destination. Captain Lowth of the East India Company, seized Burgess' ship and took it to Bombay. Lowth also took its treasure and slaves. The owners of the "Margaret" brought suit against the East India Company and Burgess was taken to London in 1701 and accused of piracy. With Captain Robert Culliford's testimony, Burgess was convicted. Eventually he secured a pardon for his crimes and signed aboard a privateer, sailing for the Pacific.
Burgess then became first mate aboard the "Neptune" and went to Madagascar to trade liquor for slaves. When a sudden storm wrecked the pirates' ships, Burgess helped John Halsey seize the "Neptune". Burgess was made Quartermaster but lost it soon after, when Captain Halsey died in 1708. After losing his position, Burgess stayed at Madagascar, dealing in slaves with David Williams. Following an argument concerning prizes with a black chief, Burgess died of poison, presumably at the chief's hand.

</doc>
<doc id="5915707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915707" title="Cultural reproduction">
Cultural reproduction

Cultural reproduction is the transmission of existing cultural values and norms from generation to generation. Cultural reproduction refers to the mechanisms by which continuity of cultural experience is sustained across time. Cultural reproduction often results in social reproduction, or the process of transferring aspects of society (such as class) from generation to generation.
Reproduction as it is applied to culture, is the process by which aspects of culture are passed on from person to person or from society to society. There are a number of different ways in which this has happened. Historically, people have moved from different countries taking with them certain cultural norms and traditions. For centuries cultural reproduction has occurred in a profound way through a hidden agenda. Cultures transmit aspects of behavior which individuals learn in an informal way while they are out of the home. This interaction between individuals resulting in the transfer of accepted cultural norms, values, and information is accomplished through a process known as socialization.
Methods of Cultural Reproduction.
The method through which cultural reproduction is perpetuated varies by the socializing agent’s relative location, awareness, and intention to reproduce social or cultural norms. 
Enculturation can be described as "a partly conscious and partly unconscious learning experience when the older generation invites, induces, and compels the younger generation to adopt traditional ways of thinking and behaving". Although, in many ways Enculturation duplicates the norms and traditions of previous generations. The degree of similarity between the cultures of each successive generation through enculturation may vary. This concept could be demonstrated by the tendency of each successive generation to follow cultural norms such as transportation right of way. These expectations are set forth and replicated by the prior generation. There may be little if any empirical evidence supporting a choice of driving in one lane or another, yet with each new generation, the accepted norm of that individual’s culture is reinforced and perpetuated. Parents and educators prove to be two of the most influential enculturating forces of cultural reproduction. 
Comparatively, diffusion is the dispersion of cultural norms and behaviors between otherwise unrelated groups or individuals. The integration of Chinese food or French linguistics into American culture represents this concept.
Education as an agent of cultural reproduction.
Bourdieu’s theory of cultural reproduction is concerned with the link between original class membership and ultimate class membership, and how this link is mediated by the education system.
According to Sullivan (2001), the theory of cultural reproduction entails three fundamental propositions:
1) parental cultural capital is inherited by children.
2) children’s cultural capital is converted into educational credentials.
3) educational credentials are a major mechanism of social reproduction in advanced
capitalist societies.
The concept of education as an agent of cultural reproduction is argued to be less directly explained by the material and a subject taught, but rather more so through what is known as the Hidden curriculum. This refers to the socialization aspect of the education process. Through this, an adolescent acquires ‘appropriate attitudes and values’ needed to further succeed within the confines of education. 
An adolescent’s success or failure within the formal education system is a function of both their ability to demonstrate both measures of formal educational qualifications, as well as the attainment of the aforementioned qualities acquired through socialization mechanisms. This nature of education is reproduced throughout all stages of the system; from primary to post secondary. The ability of a student to progress to each subsequent level requires mastery of the prior. One’s ability to successfully complete the process of educational attainment strongly correlates to the capacity to realize adequate pay, occupational prestige, social status, etc. upon workforce participation.
There is no clear consensus as the exact role of education within cultural reproduction; and further to what degree, if any, this system either encourages or discourages topics such as social stratification, resource inequality, and discrepancies in access to opportunities. It's believed, however, that the primary means in which education determines an individual’s social status, class, values, and hierarchy, is through the distribution of cultural capital. This notion of cultural capital accumulation, and the degree to which an individual attains cultural capital, determines the individual’s access to resources and opportunities. There are, however several competing ideologies and explanations that have been significantly discussed.
Education provides functional prerequisites – known as Parsonian Functionalism states that education’s function is to provide individuals with the necessary values and attitudes for future work. This forms the assumption that regardless of the trade an individual participates, they will all need a similar set of social skills for their day to day interactions. From this concept, the idea of education as an Ideological state apparatus emerged. This elaborated on the prior by continuing that both family and school work together to reproduce social classes, occupational hierarchy, value orientation, and ideology.
Education mirrors capitalism – Education mirrors the capitalistic system, in that it sorts individuals, and assigns them the skills necessary to fulfill their destined occupation. An individual is provided the appropriate attitude that should be observed within the labor force. Further it establishes an “acceptance to the reproduction of submissive attitude to the established order” With this, education’s primary role is believed to be as a method of sorting individuals rather than equally educating. Those with high levels of accumulated social capital from parents or other sources are more easily able to excel within the system of education. Thus, these individuals will continue on a track that places these them into specialized and comparatively highly prestigious occupations. In contrast, those with little social or cultural capital will maintain low levels throughout the process of education and be placed into occupations with little demand for cultural capital – significantly less specialized and prestigious occupation. With this occupational selection, both the individuals will maintain the cultural norms and social status associated with each outside of their occupations as well.
With any of the concepts, whether considering the intrinsic value of education or the externally perceived value, each unit of educational attainment requires forgone earnings to attain. Insomuch as an individual would have to sacrifice wages in order to gain an additional unit of education. Outside of forgone monetary earnings, there are also direct expenses such as tuition, supplies, books, etc. one must consider when acquiring education, as well as less direct psychic costs. With this there is an economic consideration and tradeoff an individual must consider in their further education aspirations. One who has resources and the desire to continue education has a significant comparative advantage to an individual who by comparison does not. This financial aspect of educational acquirement proves as yet another consideration in the reproductive nature of education.
One who successfully completes the process of educational attainment incurs a significant comparative advantage over a similar individual who does not. Thus the degree to which education reproduces cultural and social norms already present in the underlying society stands to prove a significant factor in the continued propagation of these established norms. With this harsh divide between individuals who do and do not complete the process of formal education, social stratification and inequality between the two groups emerges. This further confirms cultural norms and reproduces the same system upon each successive generation.
History.
The concept of cultural reproduction was first developed by the French sociologist and cultural theorist Pierre Bourdieu in the early 1970s. Initially, Bourdieu’s work was on education in a modern society. He believed that the education system was used solely to ‘reproduce’ the culture of the dominant class in order for the dominant class to continue to hold and release power. Bourdieu’s ideas were similar to those of Louis Althusser's notion of ‘ideological state apparatuses’ which had emerged around the same time. He began to study socialization and how dominant culture and certain norms and traditions effected many social relations. 
One of Pierre Bourdieu and Jean-Claude Passeron main concepts on Cultural Reproduction was in their book "Cultural Reproduction and Social Reproduction". Bourdieu’s main focus was the structural reproduction of disadvantages and inequalities that are caused by cultural reproduction. According to Bourdieu, inequalities are recycled through the education system and other social institutions. Bourdieu believed that the prosperous and affluent societies of the west were becoming the “cultural capital”. High social class, familiarity with the bourgeois culture and educational credentials determined one’s life chances. It was biased towards those of higher social class and aided in conserving social hierarchies. This system concealed and neglected individual talent and academic meritocracy. Bourdieu demonstrated most of his known theories in his books The Inheritors and Reproduction in Education, Culture and Society. Both books established him as a progenitor of “Reproduction theory” 
Bourdieu also pioneered many procedural frameworks and terminologies such as cultural, social, and symbolic capital, and the concepts of habitus, field, and symbolic violence. Bourdieu's work emphasized the role of practice and embodiment in social dynamics. Bourdieu’s theories build upon the conjectures of Ludwig Wittgenstein, Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Edmund Husserl, Georges Canguilhem, Karl Marx, Gaston Bachelard, Max Weber, Émile Durkheim, and Norbert Elias, among others.
Debate Over Cultural Reproduction.
Bourdieu is best known for his theoretical principles, conceptual devices and political intentions. He theorizes that what is taught to younger generations is dependent on the varying degrees of social, economic, and cultural capital. Those cultures have gained cultural capital and are considered the dominant group among the rest. However, in order to acquire cultural capital one must undergo indiscernible learning and these cultural norms must be used in the earliest days of life.
Through Cultural Reproduction, only those members of the dominant culture can acquire knowledge in relation to the way it is taught from within this cultural system. Therefore, those who are not members of the dominant culture are at a disadvantage to receive cultural information, and therefore will remain at a disadvantage. Capitalist societies depend on a stratified social system, where the working class has an education suited for manual labor: leveling out such inequalities would break down the system. Therefore, schools in capitalist societies require a method of stratification, and often choose to do so in a way in which the dominant culture will not lose its hegemony. One method of maintaining this stratification is through cultural reproduction.
Bourdieu Central Issues.
Bourdieu's sociological work was dominated by an analysis of the mechanisms of reproduction of social hierarchies. In opposition to Marxist analyses, Bourdieu criticized the primacy given to the economic factors, and stressed that the capacity of social actors to actively impose and engage their cultural productions and symbolic systems plays an essential role in the reproduction of social structures of domination. What Bourdieu called symbolic violence (the capacity to ensure that the predictability of the social order is ignored—or misrecognized as natural—and thus to ensure the legitimacy of social structures) plays an essential part in his sociological analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="5915730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915730" title="Robert Johnston">
Robert Johnston

Robert Johnston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5915746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915746" title="The Spirit of '76 (1990 film)">
The Spirit of '76 (1990 film)

"The Spirit of '76" is a 1990 comedy film that spoofs American culture of the mid-1970s. It stars David Cassidy, Carl Reiner, Rob Reiner, Olivia d'Abo, and the rock groups Redd Kross and Devo. The movie was released on October 12, 1990.
Plot.
By the year 2176, a magnetic storm has degaussed all recorded history, causing such valuable documents as the U.S. Constitution and the Declaration of Independence to be lost. Three time-travelers (Adam-11, Chanel-6, and Heinz-57) are sent back to July 4, 1776, to retrieve America's heritage, but due to an unnoticed time machine malfunction, end up in 1976 instead, during the United States Bicentennial. While pursuing their mission, the time travelers dress in period costume (e.g., tight bell bottom pants), and experience est, The Sexual Revolution, Pop Rocks, Disco, long gas lines, the AMC Pacer and even drug paraphernalia shops.
They are in turn pursued by Rodney Snodgrass (Liam O'Brien), a science whiz and UFO buff, who thinks they are aliens, and plans to use them to win the Bicentennial Science Fair prize at his high school. His self-absorbed, disco-dancing brother, Eddie Trojan (Leif Garrett), pursues Chanel-6 for his own pleasure. Both are foiled by two dimwitted but good-hearted teenage friends, Tommy Sears and Chris Johnson (Steve and Jeffrey McDonald of Redd Kross), who help the time travelers repair their craft and return to 2176, with their 1970s artifacts and a copy of the Constitution, printed on a shirt which was bought from an est seminar attendee (Barbara Bain).
Production.
Several family members worked together on the production of the film. Roman Coppola co-wrote the script with Lucas Reiner and produced the film, and sister Sofia Coppola designed the era-costumes used for the piece. Lucas Reiner wrote and directed the film, and his father Carl Reiner and brother Rob Reiner both had appearances as actors in bit parts. Lucas Reiner's girlfriend at the time played a waitress in the film, and she and Reiner later married. Barbara Bain, an actress who portrayed one of the "Be Inc, Seminars" attendees, is the mother of Susie Landau, one of the producers and casting director for the film. In the DVD commentary for the 2003 edition of the film, director Lucas Reiner noted that directing the death scene with his father in the beginning of the film was difficult. Carl Reiner also appeared on the DVD commentary, and praised Lucas' job as director, as well as the script to the film.
Lucas Reiner discussed the casting of the film by producer Susie Landau, and noted that once actor David Cassidy of "The Partridge Family" was successfully signed to the project, other stars from the '70s signed on as well. Several musicians also played bit roles in the film. Members of the new wave rock band Devo appeared as the "Ministry of Knowledge," Jeff McDonald and Steven Shane McDonald, members of the band Redd Kross played Chris Johnson and Tommy Sears. Martin von Haselberg and Brian Routh of The Kipper Kids portrayed the CIA agents, Tommy Chong appeared in a scene in a head shop, and Moon Zappa had a cameo as "an archetypal zodiac aficionado." Reiner complimented Sofia Coppola on her costuming work for the film, noting that she was only seventeen years-old during initial production. Coppola had to research for the '70s as she had not lived through the period, and also developed costumes for two other periods - the future in the year 2171, and the future after the time-travelers returned home and changed the culture. The production budget for the film was tight, and crew members brought in '70s period items of their own to supplement props in the film. Production designer Danny Talpers designed the prop for the time machine out of two hot tubs - which was a reference to their popularity during the period. Instead of the more expensive cutaway technique, Reiner simply moved the camera back and forth during dialogue to save money.
Cultural references.
As the film was intended to be a spoof of the '70s, it contains many references to popular culture of the period. Lucas Reiner noted in the DVD commentary that at the time of the 2003 DVD release the television show "That '70s Show" was popular, but at the time the film was the first to spoof the '70s. David Cassidy initially found it confusing to parody himself in the film, but later came to enjoy it, and even brought in a pair of his own period boots to wear. Leif Garett enjoyed portraying "Eddie Trojan," and slipped into the character easily once he put on the '70s period costume. All of the characters from the year 2171 were named after products. "Adam 11" was a reference to "Adam-12", "Chanel-6" a reference to Chanel, and "Heinz-57" a reference to H. J. Heinz Company. All of the "Ministry of Knowledge" characters were named after oil companies. "Chevron" was a reference to Chevron Corporation, and "Dr. Von Mobil" a reference to Mobil. The filmmakers had initially wanted to use "Adam-12," but used "Adam-11" instead due to copyright concerns. The music for the police chase in the film was modeled after "Starsky and Hutch". At one point in the film, a car "almost" crashes into another vehicle, and the rear-end suddenly explodes. This is a reference to a problem with the Ford Pinto during the 1970s. The filmmakers did not wish to refer directly to Ford Pinto due to liability concerns, and instead the characters say: "Is that the kind of car you think it is?"
Reiner stated that the "Absentee, oblivious, self-involved parents who don't notice their kids have a spaceship" was a reference to the self-involved nature of adults during the period and their propensity for self-improvement. A sub-plot of the film was devoted to a parody of Werner Erhard and his Erhard Seminars Training or "est" training. Rob Reiner played "Dr. Hedley Cash" (only referred to as "Dr. Cash" in the film), and Lucas Reiner stated that these scenes were meant to symbolize the "'70s hunger for self-improvement," and the extreme ends that people would go to in order to improve themselves. Lucas Reiner had never personally attended one of Werner Erhard's seminars, but had heard that attendants were not allowed to leave, often peed in their pants, and were called "assholes" and insulted publicly. Reiner noted that once his brother Rob put on the "Dr. Cash" costume, he played his character perfectly.
Reception.
"The Spirit of '76" received mostly positive reviews, though some were mixed. The "Denver Post" described it as both "idiotic" and "aggressively bright", and a review in the "Chicago Sun-Times" did not think it was very funny. The "Sacramento Bee" called it a "cool comedy of the '70s," noting that it was a bit high-paced, but also "extremely likable." An "Entertainment Weekly" review wrote that: "References to est and disco, along with someone's mint collection of Kiss posters and other memorabilia, get tossed out willy-nilly; the movie's only unifying force is that smirky irony," and gave the film a rating of "C-". "Allmovie" wrote positively of the film, calling it a: "lively sci-fi comedy" that makes "great fun of the '70s." The film received two stars from the "TLA Video and DVD Guide 2004", which described it as: "lightweight with the occasional laugh." Brett Fetzer of "Amazon.com" wrote that the film was a homage to the '70s, noting: "It would be charitable to assume that the filmmakers put all this together lovingly and didn't want to distract from the warm glow of nostalgia by making anything actually funny."
Home media.
SVS/Triumph Home Video released "The Spirit of '76" on VHS on January 22, 1992. It was released on DVD by Warner Home Video on June 3, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5915753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915753" title="Phoenix-bot Phoenix King">
Phoenix-bot Phoenix King

Phoenix King (불사조 로보트 피닉스킹 "Bulsajo roboteu Pinikseu-King") is a South Korean animated feature film. It was later dubbed into English and released in America and Europe as Defenders of Space and parts of its footage was used to create Space Thunder Kids. The small image of the movie poster depicts a toy version of Phoenix King that was released.
Phoenix King is identical to a Diaclone toy No.10 Fire Engine, that later became Inferno of the Transformers. This is the earliest animated version of said toy.
Criticism.
The series is dubbed to be the "Most Ripped Off Animated Series" due to copying every Super Robot Series in Japan, especially Mazinger Z, Ippatsuman, Space Cruiser Yamato, Mobile Suit Gundam and many of Leiji Matsumoto's work. China's Astro Plan later is said to rip off far more numerous series.

</doc>
<doc id="5915754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915754" title="Cesar Bielich-Pomareda">
Cesar Bielich-Pomareda

Cesar Bielich-Pomareda (1871–1950) was the Minister of the Navy of Peru in the 1930s. He retired with the rank of rear-admiral of the Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="5915768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915768" title="Palladia">
Palladia

Palladia is an American digital cable and satellite television network that is owned by the MTV Networks Music & Logo Group, a unit of the Viacom Media Networks division of Viacom. The channel, which broadcasts in the 1080i resolution format, broadcasts music-related programming from Viacom-owned networks MTV, VH1, and CMT.
History.
In the winter of 2005, F. Stone Roberts (director and producer), Agent Ogden (editor and post supervisor), Colin Oberschmidt (director of photography), Sonia Taylor (production assistant) and George Oliphant (VJ) took residence in Vail, Colorado to launch the channel. The team produced live concerts and a one-hour weekly music show, called "Uncompressed", from a lookalike ski lodge built inside the Eagle's Nest at the top of Vail Mountain at . The channel's original executive producer was Morgan Hertzan, who had worked with mtvU. Olympic bump skier, pro football player, Jeremy Bloom was a guest VJ during the original run in Vail. Original concerts produced at Vail Resorts included James Blunt, Jamie Cullum, Yellowcard, Train, P.O.D, Hoobastank, Goo Goo Dolls, Gary Allan, The Fray, Death Cab For Cutie and Mat Kearney.
The network officially launched on January 16, 2006 as Music: High Definition (MHD). At its debut, the channel had limited distribution with Verizon FiOS being the only provider to carry MHD. Two months later, Cox Communications reached an agreement to carry the channel, which was subsequently added to Cox systems in New Orleans, Tulsa, Oklahoma City, and Phoenix. Around the same time, Comcast started carrying the channel on its systems in Boston and Atlanta.
Charter Communications began carrying the channel on its St. Louis system on July 18, 2006, adding the channel to its systems in the northern Midwest in early November of that year. Time Warner Cable began carrying the channel in some regions in late December 2006. In 2007, Service Electric Cable Television began to carry the channel on its systems in northeastern and central Pennsylvania. On October 4, 2007, DirecTV began carrying the network nationwide. Initially, Mitsubishi Electric Digital Televisions became the exclusive sponsor of Palladia and continues to partially sponsor them to this day. The channel changed its name to Palladia on September 1, 2008.
Programming.
Specials formerly broadcast on Palladia included the HD simulcasts of the "MTV Europe Music Awards", "MTV Video Music Awards", "CMT Music Awards" and "VH1 Hip Hop Honors". As carriage of the MTV, CMT and VH1 HD simulcast networks expanded, these programs became exclusive to their parent channel's HD broadcast streams.
Like other channels in the MTV Networks division, music video programming is confined exclusively to the early morning hours each day (6-9 a.m. ET), and has decreased as more acquired programming has been added to the schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="5915777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915777" title="C.I.D. Moosa">
C.I.D. Moosa

C.I.D.Moosa is a 2003 Malayalam slapstick comedy film written by the duo Udayakrishna and Siby K. Thomas, directed by Johny Antony, and co-produced by and starring Dileep in the title role. The film also stars Harisree Ashokan, Cochin Haneefa, Jagathy Sreekumar, Bhavana, Oduvil Unnikrishnan, Saleem Kumar, and Ashish Vidyarthi. The film is a parody of the spy genre such as the James Bond series and "C.I.D. Nazeer". It is one of the popular and loved film in the career of Dileep . It has been more than 10 years since the release but even today it pulls many viewers towards television when it is telecasted.
It was remade in Tamil as "Seena Thaana 001", in Kannada as "CID Eesha" and in Telugu as "Ramachari - Eedo Pedda Goodachari". The same team are planning to make the sequel of this film. The name they have announced is "CID Moosa From Scotland".
Plot.
Sahadevan (Dileep) is the son of a police constable (Oduvil Unnikrishnan) who works in the dog squad. Sahadevan has only one ambition and that is to join the police department and for that he has cleared the exams and is waiting for the physical test. But he has an enemy, his own brother-in-law Peethambaran (Jagathy Sreekumar) who does not like him. Along with the police commissioner (Ashish Vidyarthi), Peethambaran sees that Sahadevan does not clear his physical test.He is insulted and kicked out but Sahadevan does not give up. When he foils a bomb plan, the blame is put on him by the police commissioner but he is saved by a higher authority. When he finds out who the crooks are, he tries to find a way to foil it and that hope was to become a private detective. He becomes a private detective and calls himself CID Moosa. He has Arjun, a smart dog who was condemned for mercy killing by the police dog squad and a funky car that sprays chilli powder and throws marbles to assist him. During all of this he falls in love with a girl named Meena (Bhavana).Moosa's mission is to save the life of state chief minister, Ravi Menon (Murali) who is under death threat from a group of terrorists. He finally succeeds in saving the state chief minister's life and is sent to Scotland.
Reception.
This film released on 4 July 2003 and was reviewed as a worth watching movie for the kids as well as the comic lovers. The director entered in the mainstream with this movie.
Soundtrack.
The film featured a soundtrack composed by Vidyasagar, with lyrics penned by Gireesh Puthenchery.

</doc>
<doc id="5915783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915783" title="Ismael Bielich-Flores">
Ismael Bielich-Flores

Ismael Bielich-Flórez (1898–1966) Peruvian lawyer, co-founder of the Aprista movement (a political party headed by Haya de la Torre), served as Senator and later as Minister of Justice (1945–1946), later, president of the Christian Democrat Party and co-founder also of the Partido Popular Cristiano (Christian People's Party or PPC) in Peru, he was professor of law at the University of San Marcos in Lima.

</doc>
<doc id="5915791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915791" title="Maturaikkāñci">
Maturaikkāñci

Mathuraikkanci,(Tamil: மதுரைக் காஞ்சி) is a Tamil poetic work in the "Pathinenmaelkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature, belonging to the Sangam period corresponding to between 100 BCE – 100 CE. "Mathuraikkanci" contains 583 lines of poetry in the "Achiriyappa" meter. The poems were written by the poet Mankuti Maruthanaar in praise of the Pandya king Nedunchezhiyan on the occasion of his victory at the battle of Talayanankanam. 

</doc>
<doc id="5915808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915808" title="Laelia albida">
Laelia albida

Laelia albida is the most northerly-growing laelia in Mexico. This epiphytic orchid bears ten or more small (5 cm) pale pink flowers on a half-meter terminal inflorescence in late winter to early spring. It is cold-tolerant close to freezing in the winter and needs to be kept dry until new vegetative growth is seen in late spring. It seems to do much better mounted on cork or hardwood than potted.
The diploid chromosome number of "L. albida" has been determined as 2"n" = 42 and as 2"n" = ~63.

</doc>
<doc id="5915811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915811" title="Madame Sul-Te-Wan">
Madame Sul-Te-Wan

Madame Sul-Te-Wan (March 7, 1873 – February 1, 1959) was an American stage, film and television actress. The daughter of freed slaves, she began her career in entertainment touring the east coast with various theatrical companies and moved to California to become a member of the fledgling film community. She became known as a character actress, appeared in high profile films such as "Birth of a Nation" (1915) and "Intolerance" (1916), and easily navigated the transition to the "talkies." 
Her career spanned over five decades, and, in 1986, she was inducted into the Black Filmmakers Hall of Fame. Sul-Te-Wan was the first African American actor, male or female, to sign a film contract and be a featured performer.
Early life.
Born Nellie Crawford in Louisville, Kentucky, USA, her parents were freed slaves. Her father, Silas Crawford, left the family early in Sul-Te-Wan's life and her mother, Cleo De Londa, became a laundress who found employment working for Louisville stage actresses. The young Crawford became enchanted by watching the young actresses rehearse when she delivered laundry for her mother. Nellie moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, and joined a theatrical company called Three Black Cloaks, and began billing herself as Creole Nell. She also formed her own theatrical companies and toured the East Coast. After moving to California, Madame Sul-Te-Wan began her acting career in uncredited roles in director D. W. Griffith's controversial 1915 drama "Birth of a Nation" and the colossal 1916 epic "Intolerance". Sul-Te-Wan had allegedly written Griffith a letter of introduction after hearing that Griffith was shooting a film in her hometown in Kentucky. 
In 1910, Sul-Te-Wan married Robert Reed Conley, with whom she had three sons. 
Conley, however, abandoned the family three weeks after the birth of their third son. Two of her sons, Odel and Onest Conley, would become actors and appear in several films during their careers, occasionally in films featuring their mother.
Early film career.
Throughout the 1910s and 1920s, Madame Sul-Te-Wan would establish herself as a rather publicly recognizable character actress, most often appearing in "Mammy" roles alongside such popular actors of the silent film era as Tom Mix, Leatrice Joy, Matt Moore, Mildred Harris, Harry Carey, Robert Harron and Mae Marsh. Some of her most memorable roles of the era were in the 1927 James W. Horne-directed Buster Keaton comedy "College," and in the 1929 Erich von Stroheim-directed drama "Queen Kelly," starring Gloria Swanson.
Madame Sul-Te-Wan transitioned into the talkie era with relative ease and continued to appear in high-profile films alongside such prominent film actors as Conrad Nagel, Barbara Stanwyck, Fay Wray, Richard Barthelmess, Jane Wyman, Luise Rainer, Melvyn Douglas, Lucille Ball, Veronica Lake and Claudette Colbert. However, as a black woman in the era of segregation, she was consistently limited to appearing in roles as minor characters who were usually convicts, "native women" or domestic servants, such as her role as a "Native Handmaiden" in the 1933 box-office hit "King Kong." Despite the motion picture industry's limitations for African-American performers, Sul-Te-Wan worked consistently throughout the 1930s and 1940s.
In 1937, Sul-Te-Wan was cast in the memorable role of Tituba in the film "Maid of Salem", a dramatic retelling of the events surrounding of the Salem Witch Trials of 1692. The film starred Claudette Colbert, Fred MacMurray, Gale Sondergaard, Pedro de Cordoba and Louise Dresser and was rather financially successful. Sul-Te-Wan's performance garnered critical praise.
Later career.
On September 12, 1953, a banquet was held at the Hollywood Playground Auditorium to honor Madame Sul-Te-Wan by motion picture actors and film personalities. Amongst the 200 guests who attended the event were Louise Beavers, Rex Ingram, Mae Marsh, Eugene Pallette and Maude Eburne.
In 1954, Sul-Te-Wan appeared in the Otto Preminger directed and nearly entirely African-American cast musical drama "Carmen Jones" opposite Dorothy Dandridge, Harry Belafonte, Diahann Carroll and Pearl Bailey as Dandridge's grandmother. The film marked a departure for Sul-Te-Wan, who after appearing onscreen for over four decades, was finally able to act in a role that was atypical of her "Mammy" roles. The pairing of Dandridge and Sul-Te-Wan in "Carmen Jones" spawned a still widely believed but erroneous rumor - that Sul-Te-Wan was Dandridge's actual grandmother (some allege that she is Dandridge's great-grandmother). However, there is no merit to the claim and the two women are unrelated. 
At age 77, Sul-Te-Wan married for the second time, to French interior designer Antone Ebenthur. The marriage lasted three years. During the 1950s, while in her 80s, she continued to appear onscreen in a number of well-received films, albeit now mostly in smaller bit parts and often uncredited. Her last screen appearance came in the 1958 Anthony Quinn-directed adventure film "The Buccaneer", starring Yul Brynner and Charlton Heston.
Death.
On February 1, 1959, Madame Sul-Te-Wan died after suffering a stroke at the age of 85 at the Motion Picture Actors' Home in Woodland Hills, California. She was interred at the Pierce Brothers' Valhalla Memorial Park Cemetery in North Hollywood, Los Angeles County, California.
Legacy and honors.
Sul-Te-Wan was inducted in the Black Filmmakers Hall of Fame in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="5915829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915829" title="Charles Stuart (politician)">
Charles Stuart (politician)

Charles Allan Stuart (August 3, 1864 – March 5, 1926) was a Canadian politician and jurist in the province of Alberta. Born and educated in Ontario, he came west in 1897 and set up a law practice in Calgary. After a failed election bid to the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories, he was elected to the Calgary City Council and then to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta. He resigned before the end of his term in the latter body to accept a judgeship on the Supreme Court of the Northwest Territories. He was later appointed to the new Supreme Court of Alberta. He was also the first Chancellor of the University of Alberta, serving in that capacity from 1908 until his death in 1926.
Early life.
Stuart was born in Caradoc, Ontario on August 13, 1894. He attended Middlesex County College and then the University of Toronto, graduating from the latter in 1891 with a gold medal in classics; he subsequently lectured there in constitutional history. He graduated from Osgoode Hall Law School in 1894 with a Bachelor of Laws, and was admitted to the Law Society of Upper Canada in 1896.
He practiced briefly in Ontario before falling ill, prompting him to travel to Mexico to recuperate. In the spring of 1897, he travelled west to stay at his brother's ranch. In February 1898, he moved to Calgary and set up a law practice with Peter McCarthy, K.C. McCarthy died in 1901, at which time Stuart joined Sifton and Short, one of whose partners was future Premier of Alberta Arthur Sifton.
Political career.
Stuart first sought political office when he ran in West Calgary, a district in the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories, in a by-election variously identified as taking place in March 1900 or on March 22, 1901. He was soundly defeated by future Prime Minister of Canada R. B. Bennett. Stuart was elected alderman on the Calgary city council in the December 1904 election, and served from January 2, 1905 until January 2, 1906.
During the lead-up to Alberta's 1905 creation as a province, Stuart was initially critical of the terms imposed by the Liberal federal government of Wilfrid Laurier; these terms kept control of natural resources, which was held by the provincial governments of the older provinces, under federal control. Stuart was a Liberal, however, and he eventually joined his party in defending these terms. He was less sanguine about Alberta's new electoral boundaries, which disproportionately favoured the province's north, and about the Liberals' policy of fixing Calgary's rival Edmonton as the interim provincial capital, with the first legislature to make the final decision—he felt that the issue should be put to a vote in the first provincial election. He lost both of these fights, and once again loyally adhered to his party's program.
When Alberta became a province, Stuart became secretary of the Alberta Liberal Association, and he played a significant role in the Liberal campaign in the 1905 provincial election. He ran as the Liberals' candidate in Gleichen that election, and defeated Conservative John W. Hayes 667 votes to 640. As MLA, Stuart advocated for Calgary's selection as permanent capital (among other arguments, he pointed out Calgary's proximity to the beautiful Rocky Mountains).
Stuart's time in the legislature came to a close after less than a year, when in October 1906 he resigned to take up a judgeship on the Supreme Court of the Northwest Territories; when Alberta created its own court the following year, he became one of its first judges.
Life after politics.
As Supreme Court judge, Stuart found in favour of the Alberta government in a 1912 suit against the Royal Bank of Canada. In the aftermath of the Alberta and Great Waterways Railway scandal, the government had attempted to take control of money that had been raised from a bond issue in support of the Alberta and Great Waterways Railway, which had defaulted on its obligations. The Royal Bank, where the money was deposited, refused to turn it over to the government, which sued. Stuart found that the government was entitled to the money, but his ruling was overturned by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1913.
In 1921, Stuart was elevated to the Supreme Court's newly created Appellate Division. While sitting on this court, he upheld a trial decision convicting a prostitute, who appealed on the basis that the magistrate who convicted her, Alice Jamieson, was, by virtue of being a woman, not legally a person and therefore ineligible to serve as magistrate. This decision was a prelude to the famous Persons Case, which found that Canadian women were indeed persons.
Stuart became the first Chancellor of the University of Alberta in 1908, and served until his death; the university awarded him an honorary doctorate of laws in 1915. Charles Stuart died March 5, 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="5915831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915831" title="Marieh Delfino">
Marieh Delfino

Marieh Delfino (born September 24, 1977) is an American actress.
Delfino was born in Caracas, Venezuela. Her mother, Mary Hellmund, is Cuban, and her father, Enrique Delfino, is Venezuelan. Her sister is Majandra Delfino. She graduated from Ransom Everglades School in Coconut Grove, Florida in 1996.
She married David Leepson on July 24, 2010 and her sister was maid of honor.

</doc>
<doc id="5915844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915844" title="Blacktown Road, Sydney">
Blacktown Road, Sydney

Blacktown Road is a secondary road which links the City of Blacktown to the M4 motorway in Sydney, Australia adjacent to the Great Western Highway.
History.
The road forms a part of the Prospect Highway, which is itself an important secondary road linking the Hills District to the M4 Motorway. The road runs from Blacktown's Main Street to the Great Western Highway. On the other side of the Great Western Highway it becomes Clunies Ross Street.
Blacktown Hospital, as well as several home improvement retail-warehouse complexes, are located along Blacktown Road. Several Busways and Westbus bus routes operate along Blacktown Road, providing access to Blacktown Hospital, Blacktown TAFE and Blacktown railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="5915856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915856" title="Ivar (film)">
Ivar (film)

Ivar is a Malayalam film directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar. Jayaram plays the Male protagonist. Biju Menon has also equally significant role. Bhavana is the heroine. The film also stars Siddique, Janardhanan and Riza Bawa amongst others.
Cast.
Political/Police movie.
Trivia.
The plot of the movie is shockingly similar to the 2006 Telugu film Pokiri, the 2007 Tamil film Pokkiri and the 2009 Hindi film Wanted. 

</doc>
<doc id="5915870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915870" title="Boston University College of Fine Arts">
Boston University College of Fine Arts

The Boston University College of Fine Arts (CFA) at Boston University consists of the School of Music, the School of Theatre, and the School of Visual Arts. Each school offers degrees in the performing and visual arts at the undergraduate and graduate level. Among the College of Fine Arts faculty are artists, scholars, and performers of national and international reputation. Since the College of Fine Arts is integrated into Boston University, students at CFA may choose courses in the other undergraduate colleges at Boston University. CFA students can also apply for the Boston University Collaborative Degree Program (BUCOP), where students simultaneously earn undergraduate degrees at CFA and in one of 14 undergraduate colleges of the university. The college offers a study abroad program in London, England, and Dresden, Germany. Students can spend a semester at the Royal College of Music, the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, or at the Hochschule für Musik "Carl Maria von Weber". Visual arts students can spend a semester in Venice, Italy, studying graphic design at the Scuola Internazionale di Grafica or a summer in Tuscany, Italy, through the Tuscany Landscape Painting Program.
Admission to the College of Fine Arts requires a live or pre-recorded audition for music and theatrical performance majors and a submission of a portfolio for visual arts and technical theatre majors.
School of Music.
The Boston University School of Music was founded in 1872, which makes it the oldest degree-granting music program in the United States. The School of Music offers the Bachelor of Music (BM), the Master of Music (MM), and the Doctorate of Musical Arts (DMA). All students have the option of concentrating in fields such as performance, music theory and composition, musicology, music education, historical performance, and conducting. The School of Music offers special degrees such as the Performance Diploma and the Artist Diploma. The Performance Diploma is a non-degree program for students who want a continued education in music performance at the post-Masters level. The Artist Diploma is restricted only for unusually gifted students.
The School of Music has about 150 faculty members (professors, assistant professors, adjunct professors, and teaching associates). The large number of professors allow the students to get individual studio instruction. Some notable music professors include: Edwin Barker (double bass), , Ann Howard Jones (conducting), George Neikrug (cello), Tim Genis (percussion), Andre de Quadros (music education), Sharon Daniels (voice), Jerrold Pope (voice), and Penelope Bitzas (voice).
There is a wide variety of performance opportunities at the School of Music. Groups such as the Boston University Symphony Orchestra, Symphonic Chorus, Wind/Brass ensemble, and the Baroque Orchestra allow students from a wide range of concentrations to apply their skills in an ensemble setting.
The Boston University School of Music has a summer music festival for high school students known as the Boston University Tanglewood Institute (BUTI). The Boston University Tanglewood Institute is recognized internationally as an outstanding educational opportunity for young artists and is the only program of its kind associated with one of the great symphony orchestras of the world. Here, under the guidance of Boston Symphony Orchestra members, young people devote themselves each summer to an intensive and challenging training session.
Boston University's School of Music is affiliated with several ensembles and organizations that provide an extension of its core programs. Among these are the contemporary music ensemble-in-residence Alea III, the Muir String Quartet, and Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras.
The Boston University School of Music is a pioneer in the field of online music education, and by the end of 2007, more than 600 online graduate students were expected to be studying for a Master of Music (MM) or Doctor of Musical Arts (DMA) degree through this College, the first institution in the US to offer a doctoral degree in music entirely online.
School of Visual Arts.
Founded in 1954, the Boston University School of Visual Arts prepares students for professional careers in the art world as painters, graphic designers, sculptors, and art educators. The School of Visual Arts offers the Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) and the Master of Fine Arts (MFA) in areas such as graphic design, art education, sculpture, and painting.
Visits from distinguished artists and lecturers as well as a widely varied program of exhibitions broaden and enhance each student’s educational experience. Four on-campus galleries—the BU Art Gallery, the Commonwealth Gallery, the 808 Gallery, and the Sherman Gallery—provide exhibition opportunities for graduate students and alumni.
Facilities available to students include a computer lab, a new media room, a welding shop, a wood shop, and painting, drawing, printmaking, and photography studios.
School of Theatre.
The School of Theatre at Boston University offers a high-level of instruction in the theatre arts. The school offers the Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) and the Master of Fine Arts (MFA), as well as Artisan Certificates for technical theatre students. Students can major in acting, theatre arts, theatrical design and production, stage management, theatre education, and directing.
The school has strong relationships with other theatre organizations in the Boston area, most notably the Huntington Theatre Company, the professional company in residence. The Huntington's relationship with the university provides educational enhancement and craft development opportunities and makes internships available to the school's students.
The School's main operating facility is the Boston University Theatre, located across from Symphony Hall on Huntington Avenue (Avenue of the Arts) in Boston. Built in 1923, the facility houses both the 800+ seat mainstage theatre and the black-box theatre known as the Stewart F. Lane and Bonnie Comley Studio 210. In addition, it is home to The Huntington Theatre offices, the University's Design and Production Center offices and classrooms, and scenery, costume and lighting shops shared by both organizations.
Notable alumni.
The College of Fine Arts have produced many students who have become notable in their fields:

</doc>
<doc id="5915873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915873" title="Artemio Ricarte">
Artemio Ricarte

Artemio Ricarte y García (October 20, 1866 — July 31, 1945) was a Filipino general during the Philippine Revolution and the Philippine–American War. He is regarded as the "Father of the Philippine Army", though the present Philippine Army grew out of the forces that fought in opposition to, and defeated the Philippine Revolutionary Army led by General Ricarte. Ricarte is also notable for never having taken an oath of allegiance to the United States government, which occupied the Philippines from 1898 to 1946.
Early life.
Ricarte was born in Batac, Ilocos Norte province to Faustino Ricarte and Bonifacia García. He finished his early studies in his hometown and moved to Manila for his tertiary education. He enrolled at the Colegio de San Juan de Letran where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree. He prepared for the teaching profession at the University of Santo Tomas and then at the Escuela Normal. After finishing his studies, he was sent to the town of San Francisco de Malabon (now General Trias) in Cavite province to supervise a primary school. In his new job, he met Mariano Álvarez, another school teacher and a surviving revolutionary of the 1872 Cavite mutiny. Ricarte then joined the ranks of the Katipunan under the Magdiwang Council, where he held the rank of Lieutenant General. He adopted the nom-de-guerre "Víbora" (Viper).
Philippine Revolution.
After the start of the Philippine Revolution on August 31, 1896, Ricarte led the revolutionists in attacking the Spanish garrison in San Francisco de Malabon. He crushed the Spanish troops and took the civil guards as prisoner. At the Tejeros Convention Ricarte was elected Captain-General and received a military promotion to Brigadier-General in Emilio Aguinaldo's army. He led his men in various battles in Cavite, Laguna, and Batangas. Aguinaldo designated him to remain in Biak-na-Bato, San Miguel, Bulacan to supervise the surrender of arms and to see to it that both the Spanish government and Aguinaldo's officers complied with the terms of the peace pact.
Philippine–American War.
When the Philippine–American War started in 1899, he was Chief of Operations of the Philippine forces in the second zone around Manila. In July 1900 he was captured in Manila and deported to Guam together with Apolinario Mabini.
Post-War Era.
In early 1903, both Ricarte and Mabini would be allowed back into the Philippines upon taking the oath of allegiance to America. Just as their transport pulled into Manila Bay, both were asked to take the oath. Mabini, who was ill, took the oath but Ricarte refused. Ricarte was set free but banned from the Philippines. Without setting foot in the Philippines, he was placed on the transport "Galic" and sailed to Hong Kong. 
In December 1903, Ricarte returned to the Philippines disguised as a seaman, on board the "Wenshang". Ricarte planned to reunite with former members of the army and rekindle the Philippine Revolution. Upon meeting with several former members and friends, he discussed his general plan and the continuation of the revolution. After said meetings, some of these members turned on Ricarte and notified the Americans, specifically ex-General Pío del Pilar. A reward for US$10,000 was then issued for Ricarte's capture, dead or alive. In the following weeks, Ricarte traveled throughout central Luzon trying to drum up support for his cause. 
In early 1904, Ricarte was stricken by an illness that put him at rest for nearly two months. Just as his health was returning, a clerk from his outfit, Luis Baltazar, turned against him and notified the local Philippine Constabulary of his location at Mariveles, Bataan. In May, 1904, Ricarte was arrested spent the next six years at Bilibid Prison. It should be noted, Ricarte was well received and respected by both the Philippine and American authorities. He was frequently visited by old friends from the Philippine war as well as U.S. government officials, including the Vice-President of the United States under Theodore Roosevelt, Charles W. Fairbanks.
Due to good behavior, Ricarte served only 6 years of his 11 year sentence. On June 26, 1910 he was released from Bilibid Prison. But upon his exit he was detained by American authorities and taken to the Customs-House in Bagumbayan. He was again ordered to pledge his oath of alligence to the United States. He still refused to swear allegiance and within the hour of the same day, he was again put on a transport and deported to Hong Kong. His name was repeatedly brought to light whenever any type of uprising occurred in the Philippines. To get away from false propaganda, he and his wife moved to Yokohama, Japan where they lived in self exile. While in Japan, Ricarte opened a small restaurant, "Karihan Luvimin", and returned to teaching. His book, "Himagsikan nang manga Pilipino Laban sa Kastila" (The Revolution of Filipinos Against the Spaniards) was published in Yokohama in 1927.
Just as Ricarte's life was fading away into obscurity, World War II began and Imperial Japanese Army invaded the Philippines. The Japanese flew Ricarte back to the Philippines to help them pacify the Filipinos. In December 1944, Ricarte established the Makapili, a pro-Japanese organization during World War II which was used to root out guerrillas.
Death.
Near the end of World War II, Ricarte again found himself taking flight from American and Filipino forces. It was stated by Colonel Ota, that he ask Ricarte to evacuate the Philippine island but Ricarte refused, stating "I can not take refuge in Japan at this critical moment when my people are in actual distress. I will stay in my Motherland to the last." Due to the hardship and difficulties from evading American and Filipino attacks, Ricarte became ill and suffered from debilitating dysentery. On July 31, 1945 at Hungduan, Ifugao, Ricarte died at the age of 78. His grave was found 9 years later in 1954 by treasure hunters. Ricarte's body was exhumed and his tomb now lies in Manila at the Heroes' Cemetery. A landmark too was inaugurated by historian Ambeth Ocampo, chairman of the National Historical Institute, and Mrs. Teodoro, granddaughter of Artemio Ricarte, on April 2002, at the same place where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="5915887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915887" title="Stephen Tashjian">
Stephen Tashjian

Stephen Tashjian is an American artist. His drag queen character Tabboo! became known in the East Village underground scene of New York City in the 1980s. He is also a puppeteer, painter and singer.
Tashjian attended the Massachusetts College of Art, in Boston where he became friends with fellow students Nan Goldin and Jack Pierson. He moved to New York's East Village in 1982 to pursue a career as an artist, and became a regular performer at the Pyramid Club, appearing next to other drag legends like Rupaul and Lady Bunny. Tashjian also performed several times at the annual Wigstock drag event, and appeared in Wigstock, The Movie, released in 1994.
Tashjian has painted murals on city buildings and exhibited his paintings in many galleries internationally. Under the name Tabboo! he designed flyers, record album covers and advertising for underground venues. One of his better-known artworks is his graphic design for the successful Deee-Lite "World Clique" album cover. The curly lettering on the album cover became an iconic image for the band and the rave culture of the early 1990s.
The photographer Nan Goldin included photographs of Tabboo! in her books and he is featured on the cover of her book "The Other Side" in drag.
Tashjian continues to perform in New York and shows his paintings in art shows, most notably a 2006 group show curated by Jack Pierson at Paul Kasmin Gallery in New York, featuring dozens of camp art pieces from his private collection. The show featured works by Matthew Barney, Nan Goldin, David Armstrong, Jack Pierson, and Mark Morrisroe.
Tashjian's work has also been documented in the New Museum’s “East Village Show” and New York University (NYU)/Grey Art Gallery’s “Downtown Show.”

</doc>
<doc id="5915892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915892" title="Philip Sydney Jones">
Philip Sydney Jones

Sir Philip Sydney Jones (15 April 1836 – 18 September 1918) was an Australian medical practitioner and University of Sydney vice-chancellor 1904–1906.
Early life.
Jones was born in Sydney, the second son of David Jones, a Welsh immigrant who founded the department store David Jones Limited in 1838, and his second wife Jane Hall, "née" Mander. Jones was educated at private schools under William Timothy Cape, T. S. Dodds (in Surry Hills) and Henry Cary (in Darling Point), and then went to London in 1853 to study medicine at University College. During his course he took the medals for anatomy and medicine, graduated M.B. in 1859, M.D. in 1860, and became a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1861. Jones was awarded the Fellowes gold medal given to the most proficient student in clinical knowledge. He married Hannah Howard Charter in 1863.
Medical career.
Jones was house surgeon and physician and a resident medical officer at University College hospital for a period, and then went to Paris, where he continued his studies in medicine and surgery for some months. Jones returned to Sydney in 1861, and was an honorary surgeon at the Sydney infirmary, afterwards the Sydney hospital, for 14 years, and also carried on a general practice in College Street, Sydney. Jones was the first surgeon in Sydney to remove an ovarian tumour successfully. In 1876 Jones gave up general practice, and established himself as a consultant physician. Jones went to Europe for about three years in 1883, and spent much time studying developments in medicine and in hospital practice. Returning to Sydney he was appointed an honorary consulting physician to the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital, and was then considered to be the leading physician in Sydney. Jones was unanimously elected president of the third intercolonial medical congress held in Sydney in 1892, and in 1896 and 1897 he was president of the New South Wales branch of the British Medical Association. In addresses to these bodies he stressed the value of fresh air, pure food, and uninfected milk, and he was quick in realizing the value of X-rays, and the promise of results to be obtained from serum therapy, then in its infancy. He was unceasing in his efforts for the effective treatment of tuberculosis (consumption), and was a pioneer in New South Wales in the use of open air treatment. He was responsible for the opening of the Queen Victoria homes at Thirlmere and at Wentworth Falls for patients in the early stages of tuberculosis, and spent much time in the administration of these institutions. Jones had been one of the founders of the Royal Prince Alfred hospital and was a member of the board from 1878 to 1883. Rejoining the board of this hospital in 1904, he was chairman of its medical board for many years.
Residence.
In 1878 Jones built "Llandilo" on a large property in Strathfield bounded by The Boulevarde, Albyn Road, Kingsland Road and Wakeford Road and lived there until his death. The property was then subdivided and a group of residents headed by Rev. Wheaton, a Congregational minister, bought the house for a school, which was known as Strathfield Grammar School. In 1926 the school became part of Trinity Grammar School and today is the landmark building of the Preparatory School campus.
Community activities.
Jones took much interest in education and became a member of the senate of the University of Sydney in 1881, and was vice-chancellor from 1904 until 1906. He was a trustee of the Australian Museum, was connected with the Kindergarten Union, was an early member of the Linnean Society, and was for 51 years a member of the Royal Society of New South Wales. He was also actively interested in many charitable institutions and in Trinity Congregational Church, Strathfield, of which he was a deacon. He was a member of council of Camden College, the Congregational theological college and grammar school. Jones was knighted in 1905 for his work in combating tuberculosis and died in Sydney, survived by three sons and four daughters. Jones was buried in the Congregational section of Rookwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5915909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915909" title="Blacklick Creek (Ohio)">
Blacklick Creek (Ohio)

Blacklick Creek is a tributary stream of Big Walnut Creek in Ohio, flowing through Licking, Fairfield and Franklin counties. The creek's name was originally given by Native Americans, who had noticed the animals that frequented the creek to lick its black-colored salt stones. It has also been known as Black Lick Creek, Black Lick Fork, Blacks Lick Creek, and Big Lick Creek.
The 27 mile long rock and slate bed creek has its headwaters near Mink Street in Jersey Township, in northwestern Licking County. It enters Franklin County in northeast Plain Township and then flows near the Licking-Franklin County border. The stream enters Fairfield County in southwest Reynoldsburg, and then re-enters Franklin County near Brice. The stream meets Big Walnut Creek in Columbus, near South Hamilton Road at .
Blacklick Creek topped a levee on September 14, 1979, due to heavy rains from Hurricane Frederic. The creek flooded the Municipal Building in Reynoldsburg, and three hundred homes in Blacklick Estates.

</doc>
<doc id="5915928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915928" title="Seattle Youth Garden Works">
Seattle Youth Garden Works

Seattle Youth Garden Works, a non-profit organization in Seattle, Washington, USA, empowers homeless and under-served youth. SYGW was founded in 1995 by Margaret Hauptman. In 2010, Seattle Youth Garden Works merged with Seattle Tilth.
The program provides Garden-based learning and employment at one location - the U District gardens. The youth go through a comprehensive, multi-week, paid training program that teaches soil chemistry, biology, customer management, and marketing. The youth also sell their produce at the University District Farmers Market.
In addition to the job-skills training, Garden Works, as it is commonly known in Seattle, also provides job seeking assistance including resume writing and assisting youth in obtaining proper identification, and helps in finding housing if the youth is not currently sheltered.

</doc>
<doc id="5915940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915940" title="Peluda">
Peluda

The Peluda (sometimes called the ""Shaggy Beast"" or La Velue which is French for "Hairy One") is a supposed dragon or mythical beast that terrorized La Ferté-Bernard, France, in medieval times. It is said to have come from and lived near the Huisne river near the town. Despite the French origins, its more recognized name is Occitan —or any latine origin— for "hairy". Depending on the account, it had either an ox-sized porcupine-like body or a mess of green hair-like projections hanging from its body that were actually stinger-tipped tentacles which could erect into quills. Its name is derived from this shaggy appearance. Consistently, it was said to have these poisonous stingers that it could also shoot off its body, a snake's scaly neck, head, and tail, large, tortoise-like feet, and a green color.
The lore proposed that the beast was denied access to Noah's Ark, yet survived the biblical flood by seeking refuge in a cave near the Huisne River. After many years, it returned to rampage across the countryside, wilting crops with its breath and devouring both livestock and humans. It was finally defeated after it killed a man's fiancée. He tracked it down and cut off its tail. This was the only vulnerable point on the beast, and it died immediately.
The Peluda was said to be capable of the following feats, which vary between tales:
In popular culture.
The Peluda appears in Jorge Luis Borges's Book of Imaginary Beings, the "Pandemic" episode of "South Park", and "The Secret Saturdays".
The final enemy of SquareSoft's Chrono Trigger, Lavos, resembles the Peluda.

</doc>
<doc id="5915941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915941" title="Henry Jones (entrepreneur)">
Henry Jones (entrepreneur)

Sir Henry Jones (19 July 1862 – 29 October 1926) was an Australian businessman who was important in the development of industry and trade in Tasmania.
Jones was the second son of John Jones and his wife Emma, "née Matheson" (Mapperson), was born in Hobart. Educated at a state school, Jones went to work in a jam factory when he was 12 years old, and began with sticking labels on tins. He was always willing to work overtime, and saved the money he earned in this way. He presently became a foreman, and by 1891, when George Peacock retired from the business, he was able to buy a controlling interest in it, and reconstruct it under the name of H. Jones and Company. The business grew and in 1898 the works were almost entirely refitted with new machinery and the range of canned goods was increased.
Jones began to extend his interest to the timber trade and hop industry, and the export of Tasmanian fruit in addition to his own preserves. The brand name IXL (a play on words for "I excel") was created by Jones. In 1903 he took a leading part in the formation of the Tongkah Harbour Tin Dredging Company, which became very successful, and in 1909-10 a number of the mainland factories were amalgamated with his own into the H. Jones Co-operative Company. Branches of his own factory had been formed at Keswick, South Australia and Sydney. In 1911 he visited England with his family, and in 1914 went to America. Some five years later he established a factory at Oakland, near San Francisco, but this was afterwards sold. 
Jones succeeded in securing steamers to carry Tasmanian fruit to the English market, and though he made occasional losses he never ceased his efforts to increase the trade of his state. He was interested in early attempts to form a wood pulp industry, and was largely responsible for the erecting of woollen mills in Launceston by Kelsall and Kemp of Rochdale, England. Other interests included an orchard on the east coast of Tasmania worked largely on a co-operative system. He had become the leading business man of Tasmania, and continuing to work very hard his health became affected in the last two years of his life. 
Jones was knighted in January 1919. He died suddenly at Melbourne on 29 October 1926. He married in 1883 Alice Glover who survived him with three sons and nine daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="5915948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915948" title="Rugby union in Kenya">
Rugby union in Kenya

Rugby union is a popular sport in Kenya, in particular due to the success of the Kenyan Sevens Team in the rugby sevens format, and tournaments such as the Safari Sevens, which has been growing yearly, and now includes numerous international teams.
Governing body.
The sport is governed by the Kenya Rugby Football Union.
The Rugby Football Union of Kenya (RFU-K) was formed in 1923. RFU-K was then incorporated into the Rugby Football Union of East Africa (RFUEA) in 1956. Kenya Rugby Football Union was formed in 1970 to govern the game in Kenya. 
At the 2008 Kenyan Sports Personality of the Year awards KRFU won the federation of the year category.
History.
Rugby has a long history in Kenya. 
The first recorded game in Kenya took place in 1909, when a team composed of predominantly British "Officials" took on mainly Afrikaaner "Settlers" in Mombasa.
The Rugby Football Union of Kenya (RFU-K) was formed in 1923, the same year when Nairobi District team split to form Harlequins RFC (which is not the current club Kenya Harlequins which was formed in 1952) and Nondescripts RFC. Impala RFC, another traditional club was founded in the 1930s. For a number of years, the Nondescripts and the Harlequins were two of the best sides in the country and dominated Kenyan rugby.
When the British Isles went to South Africa for their 1955 tour and their 1962 tour, they played East Africa sides in Nairobi, on the return leg of their journey. The Lions won both of these games, 39-12 and 50-0 respectively. 
The East Africa team played some of the best sides in the world, including the British Lions in 1955, South Africa in 1961, and Wales in 1964. 
The political struggle in Kenya took a heavy toll on rugby. Not only had the white population failed to promote the game properly amongst the black African and Asian population in Kenya, but when employment restrictions were introduced by the newly independent Kenyan state, they ensured that a number of the white British and South Africans who had been the mainstay of the game previously left the country.
The large distances involved would frequently cause big communication problems for Kenyan teams. For example, in 1974, when Nairobi was due to play Mombasa, the Mombasa team flew to Nairobi, while the Nairobi team drove to Mombasa. It was a 950 mile round trip, meaning that the two teams covered nearly 2,000 miles in a game that didn't happen.
Until mid-1970s the sport in Kenya was mainly played by expatriates. This changed once new "black" clubs, Mean Machine RFC and Mwamba RFC were formed. Today, rugby in Kenya is played almost exclusively by indigenous players. Rugby in Kenya is mostly played in Nairobi, only a handful of teams come from outside the capital. 
The struggle to make Kenyan rugby truly multiracial, and to make it popular was tackled frantically by the KRFU in the post-independence period, with success only coming under its president George Kariuki in the 1980s and 1990s. The former Gloucester player Dave Protherough helped out the KRFU, before his death in the mid-1990s, and helped the game to thrive once more.
Kenya is a founder member of the Confederation of African Rugby (CAR), which was launched officially in January 1986, in Tunis. Rugby officials from Morocco, Senegal, Ivory Coast, Tanzania, the Seychelles and Madagascar also attended.
Kenya plays host to the annual Bamburi Rugby Super Series which teams from other East African countries also attend. In 2009, it also hosted the IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy, the second tier of the under-20 world championship structure established in 2008 by the sport's governing body, the International Rugby Board (IRB).
Safari Sevens is an international Rugby sevens tournament played annually in Nairobi and is the most popular rugby competition in Kenya.
National team.
Kenya dominated the local 'international' rugby scene but when combined with Tanzania and Uganda they formed the East Africa rugby union team. This consisted mostly of white settlers from Kenya, and the games tended to be hosted in Nairobi. Nicknamed The Tuskers, a name which was taken from a local beer, the first overseas touring East Africa XV played in the Copperbelt of what was then Northern Rhodesia, now Zambia, in September 1954 when they won six out of seven matches.
The British Isles played games against an East African side, on their 1955 tour, and 1962 tours (losing 50-0).
The national team played its first international in 1955, and is yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup. However, the country's sevens team has had far more international success.
Kenya is ranked 39th in the world by the IRB as of 6 April 2009.
Sevens team.
The national sevens team are currently one of the 12 "core teams" in the IRB Sevens World Series, advancing at least to the semi-finals of three events in the 2008–09 season, and also reached the semi-finals of the 2009 Rugby World Cup Sevens.
Domestic structure.
The popularity of Kenyan rugby has greatly increased over the last few years and the country now has over 40 clubs, 40,000 players of which nearly 30,000 are teenagers and 3000 are women.
School rugby.
The KRFU also oversees Kenyan schools rugby, including the Prescott Cup for the most elite teams, and the Damu Pevu shield for the second level of teams (and second XV). In 1990, Rugby 15s was admitted as formal sport in secondary schools around the country and in 2008 it was admitted as a primary school sport. Rugby Sevens was admitted as a formal sport in secondary schools in 2004.
A major part of competition at the junior level is the St Mary's Blackrock Festival which has been used to scout for Kenya's top players for the last 26 years. Biko Adema, a current Kenya sevens player, was once the most valuable player in the tournament.
Club rugby.
The Kenya Cup is the highest level league in Kenya and is yet to turn professional. Since the early 1960s The Eric Shirley Shield has been competed by club 2nd XV's and smaller clubs. The national cup competition, Enterprise Cup, has been played almost uninterrupted since 1930 (with the exception of the war years and 1987 during the All African Games). In addition there is the National Sevens Circuit and other competitions such as the Great Rift 10-A-Side rugby tournament which many clubs take part in.
The East African Bamburi Rugby Super Series also takes place in Kenya. With a franchised system, players from different clubs join together producing a higher quality of rugby.

</doc>
<doc id="5915961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915961" title="Dave Costa">
Dave Costa

David Joseph Costa (October 27, 1941 - May 2013) was a American football defensive tackle. He played school football at Saunders Trades and Technical H.S in Yonkers and college football at the University of Utah and Northeastern Junior College in Sterling Colorado and in the American Football League with the Oakland Raiders from 1963 through 1965, the Buffalo Bills in 1966, and the Denver Broncos from 1967 through 1969. He was an AFL All-Star in 1963 for the Raiders (one of only two rookies in that game), and in 1967, 1968 and 1969 for the Broncos. He also played in the American Football Conference of the National Football League for the Broncos, the San Diego Chargers, and the Bills.

</doc>
<doc id="5915965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915965" title="Valathottu Thirinjal Nalamathe Veedu">
Valathottu Thirinjal Nalamathe Veedu

Valathottu Thirinjal Nalamathe Veedu is a Malayalam film directed by Ansar Kalabhavan. Jishnu plays the hero and Bhavana plays the heroine. The film also stars Cochin Haneefa, Jagathy Sreekumar, Narendra Prasad etc.
Plot.
Aji (Jishnu) after the death of his father is forced by circumstances to take up his brother’s profession of breaking old buildings and selling the scrap. His father had taken a contact to demolished house owned by Aditya Varma (Narendra Prasad) and had taken an advance. If Aji stands to complete the work, he stands to gain over Rs 2 lakhs, which he plans to use for his sister’s marriage. But Varma’s daughter Sangeeta (Bhavana) objects, saying that her cousin had conned her father to sell out. Aji and Sangeeta have arguments and fights that lead them to fall in love with each other! And how matters are sorted out and the lovers unite forms the rest of the story. The supporting cast also has Jagathy, Cochin Haneefa, Harisri Asokan, Salim Kumar, Priyanka and others.

</doc>
<doc id="5915977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915977" title="Meagan Smith">
Meagan Smith

Meagan Smith (born March 28, 1986, in Glendale, California) is a live film and voice actress. She played Chrissy on "ER" as a guest. She also voices the character of ten-year-old Gwen Tennyson on the Cartoon Network's show "Ben 10", and the movies ' and ', and voiced Rachel, the girlfriend of Tommy Pickles, in the Nickelodeon show "All Grown Up!".

</doc>
<doc id="5915986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5915986" title="Blacklick, Ohio">
Blacklick, Ohio

Blacklick is a small unincorporated community in southern Jefferson Township, Franklin County, Ohio, United States. Blacklick is also included in the Columbus Metropolitan area. The tiny community began as a railroad station and is situated at the intersection of the railroad and High Street (known outside the community as Reynoldsburg New Albany Rd.) just north of Broad Street in eastern Franklin County. Blacklick Creek gently flows through Blacklick and serves as the community's namesake. The Blacklick Post Office (zip code 43004) used to be within the community but has moved just south of the community on Reynoldsburg-New Albany Road. Blacklick is the site of Jefferson Cemetery, an active cemetery operated by Jefferson Township. The community has no school district, but it is split into five school districts, Columbus City Schools in Columbus, Ohio, Gahanna Jefferson City Schools in Gahanna, Ohio, Licking Heights Local School District in Pataskala, Ohio, New Albany-Plain Local School District in New Albany, Ohio, and Reynoldsburg City Schools in Reynoldsburg, Ohio.
Climate.
Humid continental climate is a climatic region typified by large seasonal temperature differences, with warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "Dfa" (Hot Summer Continental Climate).

</doc>
<doc id="5916007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916007" title="Robert Mackenzie Johnston">
Robert Mackenzie Johnston

Robert Mackenzie Johnston F.L.S., (27 November 1843 – 20 April 1918) was a Scottish-Australian statistician and scientist.
Early life.
Johnston was born at Petty near Inverness, Scotland, the son of Lachlan Johnstone, a crofter, and his wife Mary, "née" Mackenzie. Johnston was educated at the village school where his ability was quickly recognized. Johnson was influenced by the life of Hugh Miller, a stonemason and geologist, whose books were lent to him. Johnston obtained work on the railways, read widely, and studied botany, geology, and chemistry at the Andersonian University under Professors Kennedy, Crosskey, and Penny. Glasgow.
Career in Australia.
Emigrating to Australia in 1870 he was given a position in the accountant's branch of the Launceston and Western District railway. He transferred to the government service in 1872, authoring "Field Memoranda for Tasmanian Botanists" (Launceston, 1874). In 1880 he became chief clerk in the Audit Department, his former railway colleagues presented him with a watch inscribed: 
In 1882 Johnston was appointed registrar-general and government statistician. Johnston was appointed a royal commissioner to report on the fisheries of Tasmania, being the author of "Descriptive Catalogue of Tasmanian Fishes" (Hobart, 1882). Johnston also did much geological work, and in 1888 the government published his "Systematic Account of the Geology of Tasmania". He was president of the economic and social science and statistics section at the meeting of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science held at Melbourne in 1890, and with the coming of federation he was able to influence very much the special problems of finance that were raised. He originated the scheme of per-capita payments by the Commonwealth to the states that was eventually adopted. Johnston was offered and declined the position of government statist for New South Wales, and declined to be a candidate for the position of Commonwealth statist.
Legacy.
Johnston was also interested in all branches of science, in music, and in education. Johnston died at Hobart on 20 April 1918 of heart disease. Johnston received the Imperial service order in 1903 and was fellow of the Linnean Society of London and the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia and honorary fellow of the Royal Statistical Society of London. A list of 103 of his papers is given in the "Papers and Proceedings of the Royal Society of Tasmania" for 1918, of which over 50 are on geological subjects. In 1903 "The R. M. Johnston Memorial Volume", being a selection from his more important papers, was published by the Tasmanian government.

</doc>
<doc id="5916015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916015" title="Geology of Tennessee">
Geology of Tennessee

The geology of Tennessee is as diverse as its landscapes. Politically, Tennessee is broken up into three Grand Divisions: East, Middle, and West Tennessee. Physically, Tennessee is also separated into three main types of landforms: river valley plain, highlands and basins, and mountains.
The Paleozoic.
Most of the sediment across Middle Tennessee was deposited from the Ordovician to the Mississippian, roughly between 400 and 300 million years ago. The sediment was primarily deep ocean limestones with some shale layers. Mississippian limestones are generally thicker than those of the Ordovician, and additionally, more cherty. In the Ordovician, the Appalachian Mountains began to form and by the end of the Paleozoic were tall peaks. During the Pennsylvanian, the Cumberland Plateau formed along the edge of the Appalachians as beach and shore sediments, primarily sandstone today.
The Mesozoic.
Most Mesozoic sediments were deposited in West Tennessee, along the present course of the Tennessee River. The Coon Creek Formation is one of these, deposited as a sandy shoreline along the Mississippi Embayment during the Cretaceous. Many large sea creatures, including mosasaurs and plesiosaurs as well as ammonites ruled the seas that covered the area. Because this area was underwater at this time, there are no land dinosaurs in the fossil record. The Appalachians to the east also experienced erosion at this time and were smoothed down to near their current elevation.
The Cenozoic.
By the Cenozoic, the sea level had dropped to its current level and the North American continent dried out. The Mississippi River as well as the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers formed and cut deep into the valleys. The Nashville Basin, which in reality is a geologic dome, was pushed up from underneath by a mantle plume, exposing softer strata that with additional erosion on the Highland Rim surrounding the basin expanded the size of the basin. The basin is likely to continue widening far into the future.
Most Cenozoic deposits occur in West Tennessee near the Mississippi embayment as sands and silts.

</doc>
<doc id="5916016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916016" title="Ciṟupāṇāṟṟuppaṭai">
Ciṟupāṇāṟṟuppaṭai

Cirupanarruppatai,(Tamil:சிறுபாணாற்றுப்படை) is a Tamil poetic work in the "Pathinenmaelkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature, belonging to the Sangam period corresponding to between 100 BCE – 100 CE. "Cirupanarruppatai" contains 269 lines of poetry in the "Achiriyappa" meter. The poems were written by the poet Nathattanaar in praise of a minor Velir chieftain named Nalliyakkotan, a Nāka king of Nāka Nadu (ancient Malabar North Ceylon). "Cirupanarruppatai" belongs to the Pattupattu collection and follows the "Arruppadtai" style, a device used by most of the books in the Pattupattu collection.
"Arruppatai" poems read like travelogues in which poets who were returning with gifts received from a king, encourage other poets to do the same by describing in glowing terms the king and his country. This gives the opportunity to the poet, among other topics, to describe in great detail the natural beauty, fertility, and resources of the territory that has to be traversed to reach the palace of the patron.

</doc>
<doc id="5916024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916024" title="Dick Honig">
Dick Honig

Richard "Dick" Honig was an American football official for 41 years with 22 years in the Big Ten Conference (starting in 1983) and nine years in the Mid-American Conference and 20 years as a basketball referee for the Mid-American Conference. Working over fifteen bowl games, Honig's final football game was the 2005 Sugar Bowl between Virginia Tech and Auburn. Honig's officiating career in Division I college football spans over 350 games.
Dick began to play organized sports in high school and earned varsity letters in baseball, basketball, and football, and he received All-City and All-State honors in baseball and basketball two years in a row.
Honig is a 1963 graduate of the University of Michigan with bachelor's and master's degrees in Kinesiology. He was an All-Big Ten shortstop on the Wolverines national championship baseball team in 1962.
Dick coached for ten years at Michigan, as an assistant basketball coach and assistant baseball coach which also led to his officiating career since the coaches were also officials and to add to the salary since coaches were not paid well at the time, making just $5,400 a year.
Honig is still involved with the Big Ten Conference in a supervisory role and operates instant replay during games. Dick also trains and assigns officials for the European Federation of American Football, which he helped establish in 1988.
He also owns and operates Honig's Whistle Stop, an officials' supplies company, which he founded in 1984. Honig's has expanded its operation to eight branch offices throughout the United States and Canada, and is the uniform supplier for umpires working the College World Series. 
He and his wife, Liana, have four children and reside in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where Honig's Whistle Stop's headquarters are located.

</doc>
<doc id="5916040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916040" title="Émile Muselier">
Émile Muselier

Émile Henry Muselier (Marseilles, 17 April 1882 - Toulon, 2 September 1965) was a French admiral who led the Free French Naval Forces ("Forces navales françaises libres", or FNFL) during World War II. He was responsible for the idea of distinguishing his fleet from that of Vichy France by adopting the Cross of Lorraine, which later became the emblem of all of the Free French. After entering the French Naval Academy ("École Navale") in 1899, he embarked on a brilliant and eventful military career. He ran unsuccessfully in the legislative elections of 1946 as vice-president of the Rally of Republican Lefts ("Rassemblement des gauches républicaines"), and then entered private life as a consulting engineer before his retirement in 1960. He is buried in the cemetery of St. Pierre, at Marseilles.
Early career.
Muselier's career started with a campaign in the Far East, several others in the Adriatic, one in Albania, which overlapped with a stay in Toulon. He also fought in Yser, Belgium as the head of a troop of marine fusilliers.
Muselier received his first real command, of the aviso "Scape", in April 1918. For his service in World War I, Muselier was awarded the Navy Cross.
This was followed by the command of the destroyer "Ouragan" in 1925, that of armoured cruiser "Ernest Renan" in 1927, then battleship "Voltaire" in 1930, and "Bretagne" in 1931.
In 1933, Muselier, by then promoted to rear-admiral, became Major-General of the port of Sidi-Abdalah in Tunisia, where he wrote social commentaries such as "La Mie de Pain" ("the breadcrumb"). In 1938, he received command of the Navy and the defence sector of the city of Marseilles.
Muselier had previously been attached to the cabinets of Painlevé and Clemenceau, then became chief of staff of the naval delegation to Germany.
On 10 October 1939 Muselier was promoted to vice-admiral by Admiral Darlan, himself a former fellow student of the École Navale. Darlan retracted the promotion as of 21 November, following libelous charges ranged against Muselier. A similar incident occurred when Muselier was under the orders of General de Gaulle, whom he had rejoined as of 30 June 1940. He was, however, quickly cleared of the suspicions of treason which the British levelled at him on the base of false documents; this prompted the British Government to apologise.
Role in the Free French.
On 1 July 1940, General de Gaulle named Muselier commander of the Free French naval forces and, provisionally, commander of the air force; these roles were later confirmed in 1941 with the creation of the "Conseil national". The same day, Admiral Muselier wrote his own appeal, addressed to sailors and pilots. He assembled an embryonic General Staff with Ship-of-the-Line Captain ("Capitaine de Vaisseau") Thierry d'Argenlieu and the ship "Voisin", before leaving on a mission to Alexandria in order to attempt a "coup d'état" in Syria.
In 1940, the Vichy regime sentenced Muselier to death "in absentia" and confiscated all of his possessions. In 1941, it forfeited his French citizenship.
Under orders of General De Gaulle, Muselier led the conquest of Saint-Pierre and Miquelon on 24 December 1941, unloading three French corvettes and the submarine cruiser "Surcouf" from Halifax and installing the "enseigne de vaisseau" Alain Savary as Commissaire of Free France. This feat of arms angered Roosevelt. De Gaulle had initially declined the suggestion of invasion made by Muselier, but had desired to affirm French sovereignty after learning of Canadian and British desires for the archipelago. This eventually led the admiral to resign of his post of Commissaire.
Not especially loyal to De Gaulle, Admiral Muselier was let down two years later, in Algiers, because of serious political divergences. Preferring to answer under General Giraud, he served as the transitory civil and military person in charge for Algiers in June 1943, and had even appeared to act as the head of an anti-Gaullist putsch, before General De Gaulle became head of the French Committee of National Liberation ("Comité français de la Libération nationale") on 3 June.
After having been the chief of the naval delegation to the military Mission for German Affairs, he retired from the navy in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="5916046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916046" title="Tobias Lear">
Tobias Lear

Tobias Lear (1762 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire – October 11, 1816 in Washington, D.C.) is best known as the personal secretary to President George Washington. Lear served Washington from 1784 until the former-President's death in 1799. Through Lear's journal, we receive the account of Washington's final moments and his last words: " 'Tis well."
Tobias Lear also served as President Thomas Jefferson's envoy to Saint-Domingue, and as peace envoy in the Mediterranean during the First Barbary War and the Second Barbary War. He was responsible for negotiating a peace that ended the first Barbary War.
Biography.
Lear was born on Hunking Street in the seaport town of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on September 19, 1762, a fifth-generation American and the fifth generation of his family named Tobias. His parents were Tobias Lear (born August 1, 1737) (cousin of John Langdon) and Mary Stillson Lear (born May 25, 1739). His parents were married on December 29, 1757. The family home on Hunking Street had been built in 1742 by the Stillson family. Lear had an older sister named Mary (Polly).
Before going to college, Lear attended Dummer Charity School (now known as The Governor's Academy) where Samuel Moody helped prepare Lear for college. Instead of joining the Continental Army, as many of his contemporaries did, Lear attended Harvard College, beginning in 1779, during the American Revolutionary War. He graduated with 30 classmates in 1783.
He began his career by being an apprentice until his uncle, Benjamin Lincoln, recommended him for the job of tutoring Martha Washington's grandchildren and to the post of George Washington's personal secretary, both to which he was hired in 1784. He was integrated into Washington's house and his post quickly evolved beyond clerk to being Washington's right hand man, doing whatever Washington needed (i.e. tutoring, filling out expense reports, and writing letters.) He performed all his duties well.
Lear moved with Washington to New York City in 1789, when Washington became president and they often dined alone together during his presidency. Lear was responsible for filling out Washington's expense reports as president, which Washington had wisely chosen instead of a $25,000 salary, as the expenses turned out to be much more.
In 1793, at the start of Washington's second term, Lear decided to leave Washington and start out on his own (albeit with help from Washington). He started a company, T. Lear & Company, which focused on two things: working with Washington's Potomac Company to promote river traffic to the soon-to-be nation's capitol and participating in Washington, D.C., land speculation. Lear traveled to Europe to sell parcels of land in Washington, D.C., but was unsuccessful. His engineering work related to the Potomac Company also failed to enable navigation around two waterfalls on the Potomac River. He lost money in this failed venture despite his wealthy partners.
Family life.
Lear married Mary (Polly) Long, his childhood sweetheart, in 1790. Together they had a son, Benjamin Lincoln Lear (b. 1791), but Polly died in the President's House in Philadelphia during the 1793 Yellow fever epidemic that claimed around 5,000 people. In 1795, he married Frances Bassett Washington, recent widow of the President's nephew, George Augustine Washington, but Fanny died in 1796 of tuberculosis. Tobias married again, this time to the young Frances Dandridge Henley. His new wife was also nicknamed Fanny and was the niece of Martha Washington.
Controversy.
In the late 1790s, Lear's finances became more distraught. During this period, he continued to run unpaid errands for Washington. On one of these errands, Lear collected rent from one of Washington's tenants, but pocketed the funds. Washington found out when he questioned his tenant as to why they had not paid. Washington was furious for at least two days but Lear apologized and was quickly forgiven.
The next year, Lear was given the rank of Colonel as chief aide to Washington, who had been reappointed by congress to command the troops during a period when a French attack was feared. He preferred to be addressed as Colonel Lear for the rest of his life despite the fact that the French never attacked by land and he never faced active duty.
Lear collected funds for the sale of a business partner's real estate and kept the funds. He feigned illness for several months before meeting the man and apologizing, confessing and agreeing to reimburse him.
Washington's death.
In 1799, Washington unexpectedly died while Lear was visiting him at Mount Vernon, leading to Lear's famous diary entry:
Lear oversaw the funeral arrangements, even to the detail of measuring the corpse at 6 feet 3.5 inches long and 1 foot 9 inches from shoulder to shoulder. Lear inherited a lifetime interest in Walnut Tree Farm.
Missing Washington papers.
Lear's only biographer, Ray Brighton, was convinced that Lear destroyed many of Washington's letters and diary entries, which he had possession of for about a year after Washington's death. Lear was to work on a Washington biography with Bushrod Washington, a Washington nephew, who had contacted Lear about collecting Washington's papers and collaborating on a Washington biography. Swaths of Washington's diary (especially sections during the presidency and the American Revolutionary War) and a few key letters were discovered missing about a year after their transfer to Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, who had instead volunteered to write the biography. Lear denied destroying any papers in a long letter to Marshall; however, Lear's own correspondence casts this into doubt. Lear wrote Alexander Hamilton offering to suppress Washington documents: "There are as you well know among the several letters and papers many which every public and private consideration should withhold from further inspection." Lear explicitly asked Hamilton in that letter if he desired any military papers removed. Suspiciously, almost all the presidential diary entries are gone except for those that covered Washington's 1789 visit to Lear's family home in Portsmouth. Six key Washington letters are also missing.
Jefferson as ally.
Many biographers believe that Thomas Jefferson and Washington had a big falling out over a letter Jefferson sent to Philip Mazzei in Italy, which called Washington's administration Anglican, monarchical and aristocratic, and claimed that Washington had appointed as military officers "all timid men that prefer the calm of despotism to the boisterous sea of liberty." The letter was eventually published overseas and then re-translated back into English by Noah Webster and published in America. Its publication is thought to have sparked a nasty correspondence of three rounds of letters between Jefferson and Washington. In conversation with friends over wine, Lear admitted the existence of the letters but subsequently denied having said such. Albin Rollins, a Mount Vernon overseer, stated to a nephew of Washington that he had seen the letters and that the second round was so strong that it made the hair on his head rise and that a duel must surely follow. The missing letters' loss brought great benefit to Thomas Jefferson, as they would have been fuel for Jefferson's political enemies. Brighton believes (without direct evidence) that Jefferson requested Lear to destroy the letters and that Jefferson rewarded Lear for their destruction for the rest of his life.
Appointments.
Jefferson appointed the financially struggling Lear to the potentially lucrative assignment of American commercial agent in Saint-Domingue at the start of his term of president. During this job, Lear appointed Rollins to oversee Walnut Tree Farm. Unfortunately, Lear arrived right before Napoleon Bonaparte was about to clamp down on the slave rebellion there. In a January 17, 1802, in a long letter of gratitude to Jefferson, Lear predicted the long anticipated French response was still six months out. One week later, a French armada arrived at Cape Francois and captured the main port there from Toussaint L'Ouverture. Lear attempted to help the Americans during the ensuing French embargo. However, with the Louisiana Purchase looming large for Jefferson, Lear was asked not to irritate the French commanders, and after a suggestion from James Madison, retreated back to Virginia.
A year after returning to the U.S., in 1803, Jefferson appointed Lear, now 41, to be Consul General to the North African coast with the privilege of simultaneously conducting private business. Before preparing to depart on the "Philadelphia" to Algeria, Lear was married for the third time to Frances Dandridge Henley (a niece of Martha Washington). In a last-minute change, the Lears were reassigned to the "USS Constitution", and the "Philadelphia" ended up being captured in the Mediterranean. Ironically, Lear became the primary negotiator for the crew's release in 1805 with the Treaty of Tripoli that ended the First Barbary War in which he was alleged to have mishandled the resolution. The Lears stayed on in Algiers until 1812 when Lear fell out of favor with the "Dey".
Upon their return, the United States was in the throes of the War of 1812. Consequently, they had to follow a circuitous route back to Portsmouth from their entry in Virginia. Under James Madison, he was then appointed as a secretary to the War Department and moved to a location a few blocks from the White House. While serving in this post, the British attacked and burned the city.
Death.
On October 11, 1816, Lear apparently committed suicide by shooting himself with a pistol. Although it was known that he suffered severe headaches and stints of depression, as well as being vilified by the media, the specific reasons for his suicide are unknown. It is curious that this "scrupulous record keeper" left behind neither suicide note nor will. He is buried in the Congressional Cemetery in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="5916053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916053" title="Cyril Jackson (educationist)">
Cyril Jackson (educationist)

Sir Cyril Jackson KBE (6 February 1863 – 3 September 1924) was a British educationist, important in the development of education in Western Australia.
Jackson, eldest son of Laurence Morris Jackson, was born in England. Educated at the Charterhouse School and New College, Oxford, Jackson graduated in 1885 with honours in Literae Humaniores. After leaving Oxford he took up social work at Toynbee Hall for about 10 years from 1885, and was central secretary of the Children's Country Holiday Fund. He became a member of the London school board in 1891, and in 1896 was appointed inspector-general of schools in Western Australia. Education in the colony had been for many years in a pitifully primitive state, but in 1890 a forward step was made by the appointment of an Englishman, J. P. Walton, as inspector of schools. He pointed out how far behind the schools were lagging, and brought about many improvements. But the population was increasing very rapidly, numerous new schools were being built, and it was realized that the system would have to be completely re-organized. 
With Walton as his first assistant, Jackson set to work with vigor. Jackson had great educational knowledge and first rate executive ability, and the foundations on which future developments could be raised were securely laid. In 1899 a beginning was made with technical education, in the following year school fees were abolished, and in 1901 a college was built for the training of teachers. The designs of the schools, the staffing and equipment, were all greatly improved. He also became the first Chairman of the West Guildford (City Of Bassadean) Roads Board, the inaugural meeting of which was held in the billiard room of Jackson’s house on 12 July 1901. Official recognition of the new municipality followed a week later on 19 July 1901.[http://www.bassendean.wa.gov.au/library/bsdn-historical-society/pages2/about_town.html] When Jackson returned to England aboard the Indic in 1903 he left behind him a well-organized modern system of education. An economist, an Anglican churchman, and a believer in voluntary agencies, he opposed unnecessary expenditure, and supported non-provided schools. 
In England Jackson became a chief inspector to the Board of Education in London until 1906, and found that his services were wanted in many directions. In 1907 he was elected a member of the London County Council, and six years later became an alderman. For two years from 1908 he was chairman of the education committee. In 1910-11 he acted as agent-general for Western Australia, and among the other positions he filled were member of Senate of the University of London (1908–21), governor of Imperial College of Science (1908–16), chairman, London intelligence committee on unemployment and distress (1914), chairman of London County Council (1915; "de facto" Leader 1911-15: the position of Leader was not officially recognised until 1933), and member central appeal tribune (1915–16 and 1917–18). He did much war work and was vice-chairman of the war pensions committee. He represented the board of education at two conferences held in the United States, and found time to write two books, "Unemployment and Trade Unions" (1910), and "Outlines of Education in England" (1913). He also collaborated with A. Riley and M. E. Sadler in another, "The Religious Question in Public Education". He never lost his interest in Western Australia and only two days before his death attended a meeting at the agent-general's office to give his advice on a Western Australian educational problem.
Jackson died on 3 September 1924, he had been appointed a Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="5916055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916055" title="Jefferson Township, Franklin County, Ohio">
Jefferson Township, Franklin County, Ohio

Jefferson Township is one of the seventeen townships of Franklin County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 10,972 people in the township, 10,234 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography.
Located in the eastern part of the county, Jefferson Township consists of a large section and many small "islands". Most of these islands are surrounded by either Gahanna or Columbus, cities that have annexed most of the western and southern parts of the township. The large section borders the following townships and cities:
Besides Gahanna and Columbus, the unincorporated community of Blacklick lies in the southern part of the township.
Name and history.
It is one of twenty-four Jefferson Townships statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="5916066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916066" title="Sleman Regency">
Sleman Regency

Sleman () is an Indonesian regency () on the island of Java. It is located on the northern border of the Yogyakarta Special Administrative Region, Indonesia, and has an area of , with a population of 901,400. Its capital is the town of Sleman. The current regent is Sri Purnomo.
History.
Pre-Incorporation.
During the 8th century, the Buddhist Sailendra dynasty controlled Sleman, building numerous temples such as Kalasan. The palace itself was at Ratu Boko.
After the fall of the Sailendra dynasty, the Mataram Kingdom ruled over Sleman, taking control of Ratu Boko palace and eventually commingling with the remnants of the Sailendra dynasty.
The Sanjaya dynasty, which replaced the Mataram kingdom, later ruled over Sleman and is believed to have built Prambanan 850 CE.
Post-Incorporation.
Sleman was incorporated on 8 August 1950 with the passing of the Law of the Republic of Indonesia Number 15 1950 about the Creation of Regencies within the Special Region of Yogyakarta.
In 2010, numerous eruptions of Mount Merapi and the cold lahar floods afterwards killed 353 people and caused over Rp. 5.5 trillion (US$ 610 million) in damages.
Geography.
Sleman is located on the northwest border of Yogyakarta Special Region, between the city of Yogyakarta and the Magelang Regency. It is bordered by Central Java to the north and east, Kulon Progo, Bantul, and Yogyakarta to the south, as well as Gunung Kidul to the south-east.
Mount Merapi is located on the northeastern border of the regency.
Climate.
Sleman features a tropical monsoon climate. The regency features a lengthy wet season generally running from October until June and a short dry season that only covers the months of July, August and September. The Regency averages roughly 2200 mm of precipitation annually. Sleman experiences particularly heavy rainfall from November through April. Temperatures remain relatively constant throughout the course of the year, with average high temperatures at around 30 degrees Celsius and average lows at around 22 degrees Celsius.
There is slight variation within Sleman. The northern areas, near Mount Merapi, are much cooler due to the higher altitude. The southern area has nearly the same climate as Yogyakarta, due to their proximity.
Economy.
Sleman is heavily agrarian. However, due to the expansion of Yogyakarta there are some areas that have been urbanized, with malls, hotels, and supermarkets being built. Tourism is also being developed to take advantage of the numerous temples found in Sleman, as well as Mount Merapi.
Agriculture.
Due to ashfall from Mount Merapi and easy irrigation, the land in Sleman is very fertile. The soil is thick, with a favourable moisture capacity level. As such, rice yields are considerably high.
The area is also well known for its production of salak pondoh, which is also its official plant.
Education.
There are 29 universities that have campuses in Sleman, including Sanata Dharma University, Gadjah Mada University, Atma Jaya University, Islamic University of Indonesia, Yogyakarta State University and Sunan Kalijaga Islamic University.
Tourism.
Sleman includes the Adisucipto International Airport within its boundaries, and along with the rest of the Special Region of Yogyakarta is serviced by it.
There are numerous hotels in Sleman, ranging from small homestays and inns to multi-star hotels. The higher-end, multi-star hotels are located mainly near the road between Yogyakarta and Surakarta, with homestays and inns scattered throughout the regency.
Sleman is home to numerous museums, including:
Sleman is also home to numerous temples, including Prambanan, Sari, Kalasan, and Ijo. As well as temples, there are ruins of an ancient palace, namely Ratu Boko. These temples and ruins, thought to be remnants of the Buddhist Sailendra dynasty and the Hindu Mataram kingdom, are all open to the public. However, Prambanan is the most popular for tourism, drawing thousands of local and foreign tourists each year.
Due in part to the scenic view at the foot of Mount Merapi, ecotourism has become common in Sleman. One of the most common destinations is Kaliurang, a resort town located in the Pakem district.
After the 2010 eruptions of Mount Merapi, the areas affected have become disaster tourist attractions. Tourists come from around Indonesia to see the disaster area, either for leisure, to pay their respects, or reflection.
Sleman also has a number of tourist villages including Brayut and others.

</doc>
<doc id="5916068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916068" title="Chathikkatha Chanthu">
Chathikkatha Chanthu

Chathikkatha Chanthu (Malayalam: ചതിക്കാത്തചന്തു, English: "Chanthu Who Never Cheats") is a 2004 Malayalam musical-comedy film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin, and produced by Lal. It stars a huge cast consisting of Jayasurya, Vineeth, Lal, Navya Nair, Bhavana, Madhu, Cochin Haneefa, Salim Kumar, Siddique, and Janardhanan. The music is composed by Alex Paul.
The film was remade in Kannada.
Plot.
Chandu (Jayasurya) has a problem with his name: Everyone who hears it instantly believes that he is a cheat (Chathiyan Chandu).
He wants to be a famous script writer. He approaches all directors, but his stories are flops. So he decides to write his own story.
Chandu is the son of a servant who works in a big mansion. The master's (Janardhanan) daughter Indira (Bhavana) is in love with Chandu. But Chandu doesn't want to "hurt" his master. So he refuses Indira's love, but Indira never gives up. One day Janardhanan gets hold of the love story and wants Chandu to give up. He asks Chandu to write letters that will describe his love with an imaginary "Vasumathi" in an imaginary "Thottakkattukara" village. Janardhanan purposefully gives Bhavana the letters which makes her heartbroken. In one of those letters Janardhanan asks Chandu to write that he is planning to leave town with "Vasumathi" which completely breaks Indira's heart. But she posts all the letters after reading them. Thampuran (Janardhanan) then asks Chandu to leave town.
Now as fate permits, there really is a "Vasumathi" (Navya Nair) in a real Thottakkattukara village, who is on the verge of suicide (reason revealed later). Chandu's letters give her hope, and she decides to leave town as per the last letter. But there comes the clash: In the Madras bus there is Krishnan (Vineeth) to whom Chandu tells his own story and tells him that even if the real Vasumathi comes he will not accept her. Hearing the story Krishnan and the passengers in the bus feels sorry for her ask her to go back to her home. However krishnan takes chandhu and vasumathi with him to his stay place. The next day he takes them to his shooting spot there chandhu tells his story to Lal who is the director of the movie he also adds that Vasumathi comes out of the home believing those letters. When Lal tells that no girl will come like that stupidly Vasumathi opens her story that she was born in a rich family and her relations kills her mother and granny and cruelly treats her as if she was possessed by demons. She was tortured everyday by a Hindu priest. So she decides to die at that time she receives the letter. She completely believes that there is someone for her and comes out of her home. When Vasumathi finishes her story Krishnan says to Lal that it was her own life and they decides to make them join together. And suddenly there is a twist Bhavana arrives the place the total plan collapses.And then in the absence of Krishnan Vasumathi was compelled to go with her brother-in-law. When krishnan returns home he reveals the truth to Chandhu. After that the entire movie team rescues Vasumathi. At last there was a happy ending. A wedlock between Chandhu and Vasumathi as well as Indira (bhavana)and Krishnan.
Box-office performance.
The movie was a superhit at the Kerala Box Office. The imaginative story plot line and comedy scenes were well praised. The story is one that reveals that 'ghosts' are just imaginative creations developed in movies. It also shows how the "effects" of ghosts are portrayed in a movie.
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack is composed by Alex Paul. Lyrics are penned by Gireesh Puthenchery and Santhosh Varma.

</doc>
<doc id="5916075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916075" title="Trần Tử Bình">
Trần Tử Bình

Trần Tử Bình (1907–1967) was a Vietnamese revolutionary who later became one of the first generals of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam (1948) and Vietnam’s Ambassador to People's Republic of China (1959–1967).
He was originally named Phạm Văn Phu. Later, during revolutionary time he changed his name into Trần Tử Bình (a name which means ""man who can die for peace""). He is most famous for being a leader of Phú Riềng Đỏ labor movement in 1930 and one of the most prominent diplomats of Vietnam, who worked as the Ambassador of Vietnam to China during period 1959-1967.
Honours and Awards
Biography.
Binh was born in an all-Catholic village named Tieu Dong, Binh Luc District, Ha Nam Province in the Red River delta of northern Vietnam. His family was poor but the parents managed to scrape together enough money to enroll Tran Tu Binh at a seminary. At school, he was remembered as a brilliant but very restive and steady student. In 1926, because of participating in the public mourning the death of Phan Chu Trinh, a prominent Vietnamese scholar-patriot, and mobilizing the students and young people in the neighbourhood to protest against French colonial rule in Vietnam, Tran Tu Binh was expelled from the seminary. His parents and relatives were very much disappointed about it but the young man did not regret. He had a strong belief that what he did was an obligation of any responsible Vietnamese. At that moment, without yet knowing it, Tran Tu Binh joined the ranks of the young patriot intelligentsia, a group destined to play a critical role in modern Vietnamese history.
Early revolutionary years.
In 1927 he signed up to labor on Michelin's Phu Rieng rubber plantation in the distant region of southern Vietnam Cochinchina. This decision was another blow to the family because, even without a school diploma, with his education Tran Tu Binh could have found a respectable job as a village clerk or landlord's agent. Again Tran Tu Binh was determined to break away, to seek adventure, to test his physical and spiritual powers in the totally unfamiliar land. This decision proved crucial for his entire life.
It is during this period working in Phu Rieng plantation that he first met communist revolutionaries and learned about the Marxist-Leninist ideology. In 1929 he joined the Indochina Communist Party. On 3 February 1930 he became the Party Secretary of Phu Rieng and directly led a revolt of more than 5000 workers against the cruel French colonial exploitation at rubber plantation. The movement was repressed by French, Phu Rieng strike leaders were all imprisoned, nonetheless it forced the Michelin company to make certain changes to improve labor's working and living conditions. The Phu Rieng's labor movement 1930, also known as Phu Rieng Do, has become known as the first big labor movement in the history of Vietnam.
After the Phu Rieng Do incident French colonial government sentenced Tran Tu Binh to 10 years on the infamous Con Son prison island. In Con Dao he met many communist revolutionary leaders of Vietnam, i.e. Ton Duc Thang, Hoang Quoc Viet, Pham Van Dong, Le Van Luong, Pham Hung, Ha Huy Giap, Tran Xuan Do, Nguyen Van Phat and took advantage of this opportunity to improve his knowledge of communist ideology and nationalism.
August Revolution.
Due to the movement by the Popular Front in 1936 the French colonial government was forced to release some political prisoners from Con Dao. Tran Tu Binh was one of them. After being amnestied from Con Dao he returned home to work as a clerk in Binh Luc District and secretly continued to take part in communist activities against French. From 1936-1940 Tran Tu Binh was appointed as communist party secretary of Binh Luc District and then party secretary of Ha Nam Province.
In 1940 he was elected by the communist party as a member of Northern Region (Tongkin) Committee (Xu Uy Bac Ky) and Commissar of Interregional Network C (including Ha Nam, Nam Đinh, Thai Binh, Ninh Binh Provinces) and network D (Vinh Phuc, Phuc Yen, Phu Tho, Tuyen Quang Provinces) in 1941 and 1943. He became one of the most wanted objects of French Gendarmerie in TongKing during 1940s.
On 24 December 1943 Tran Tu Binh was arrested again in Thai Binh Province and was imprisoned in Ha Nam Prison. In early 1944, after an unsuccessful attempt at jailbreak, he was sent to Hoa Lo Prison (Hanoi), where he became one of the organizers of a famous collective escape for over 100 political prisoners.
After he returned to the rear, Tran Tu Binh was appointed as a standing member of Xu Uy Bac Ky and was in charge of establishment and development of Hoa-Ninh-Thanh military base for the League for the Independence of Vietnam (Viet Minh).
On August 14, 1945, the Japanese surrendered to the Allies. The leaders of Viet Minh decided to act promptly to seize the power from the weak and helpless Tran Trong Kim’s pro-Japanese puppet government before the French returned. On 19 August 1945, Tran Tu Binh and Nguyen Khang, the two representatives of Xu Uy Bac Ky remained in Hanoi, directly commanded the general uprising in Hanoi and some neighboring provinces which lead to a start of the successful August Revolution of 1945.
Military and Political Career.
After the establishment of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam, Tran Tu Binh was appointed as Vice Rector, Political Commissar of Tran Quoc Tuan Military Training Academy.
In 1947, he became Deputy Secretary of the General Political Department of Vietnamese People's Army. Late 1947, together with Le Thiet Hung, he successfully led the Vietnamese military forces to a military victory at Song Lo front.
On 1 January 1948, Tran Tu Binh was honored to receive a rank of major general and became one of the first 11 generals of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam along with other outstanding military officers like Vo Nguyen Giap, Nguyen Son, Le Thiet Hung, Chu Van Tan, Hoang Sam, Hoàng Van Thai, Le Hien Mai, Van Tien Dung, Tran Dai Nghia, Nguyen Binh. In the same year he was appointed as Deputy Chief Inspector of the Vietnamese People's Army.
From 1950-1956 he served as Political Commissar of the Vietnam’s Ground Forces Officer Academy, which at that time was based in China. Since 1951 he was elected to be a representative of the Army Forces to the Third and Fourth National Communist Party Congress and member of the National Assembly.
After the First Indochina War (1946–1954) general Tran Tu Binh was appointed as the Chief Inspector of the Army, Deputy Chief Inspector of the State. He served at these positions for two years (1956–1958) before moved to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs following the personal request of president Ho Chi Minh.
In 1959, Tran Tu Binh was appointed as the Ambassador of Vietnam to the People’s Republic of China and Mongolia. He worked as Ambassador in China for two terms (1959–1967), perfectly performed his duty and contributed greatly to the development of cooperative relations between China and Vietnam.
On 11 February 1967, he died at the age 60 due to hypertension in Hanoi. He was honoured posthumously with the Gold Star medal, the most noble medal of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, befitting his long service to the state and people of Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="5916079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916079" title="Nitocris (band)">
Nitocris (band)

Nitocris were an Australian punk and heavy metal band formed in 1992. They were one of the country's first all-female punk rockers of the "grot grrrls" movement (related to the United States riot grrrls). They released their debut album, "Screaming Dolorous" on Phantom Records in 1994. Their second album, "Nitocris", followed in 2000 and they disbanded in November 2001. At the ARIA Music Awards of 2001, Nitocris were nominated for 'Best Independent Release' for "Manic".
History.
Nitocris were formed in Sydney in 1992 by Sara Louise Anderson (aka Sara Graye) on bass guitar, Jessamine Jean Finlayson on lead guitar, Andrea Marie Stanway on drums and Kira Taylor on rhythm guitar. The four were classmates at Hunters Hill High School and had an average age of 14. At the time none could play their instruments. The band's name was chosen by Stanway from the semi-legendary female Pharaoh of the same name, which was popularised in fiction by H. P. Lovecraft, as "queen of the underworld". Almost two years later, a newspaper advertisement in "Drum Media" recruited Morgana Ancone as a vocalist, who was the only member over the age of 18. As four members were under legal age, when Nitocris performed live across Sydney pubs they were sometimes accompanied by their mothers. Ancone's costume included a "designed red tartan bodice and black tutu". The group appeared on-stage alongside Armoured Angel, Frenzal Rhomb and Blitz Babies. Nitocris were influenced by punk rock and heavy metal artists including Black Sabbath, The Clash, Guns N' Roses, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts, L7, Slayer and Patti Smith.
In January 1994 Nitocris performed at the annual Big Day Out music festival at the Sydney venue. The group released their debut four-track extended play, "Ten Stories Down" on local independent label, Phantom Records in June. In September they issued, "Suxiety" as a shared single with the other side, "Grrly Things" by another Sydney all-girl group, Purr. Nitocris were one of the country's first all-female punk rockers of the "grot grrrls" movement (analogous to the United States riot grrrls). Other groups in the "grot grrls" movement were Fur, Mace, Bittersweet, Sulk, Dolljuice, Gravelrash and SPDFGH.
The group's debut album "Screaming Dolorous" followed in November 1994, it included a cover version of Black Sabbath's 1970 song "N.I.B.". In April 1995 the band toured the east coast with the Alternative Nation Festival. Nitocris developed a devoted following, and regularly toured across the country: including with Sprung Monkey, The Cult, The Pursuit of Happiness, The Whitlams, Screaming Jets, Deep Purple, Rancid, DEFX, Pennywise, Midnight Oil, and Suicidal Tendencies. In October they issued "Epic Voyage" as a five-track EP. It included their live version of AC/DC's 1976 single, "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap". In June 1995, Nitocris' studio version of the same track had appeared on the AC/DC tribute album, "Fuse Box: The Alternative Tribute".
In February 1996 they issued the "Hyperland" EP, which was a reasonable success for the band but their next release "Butter" (1997) fared less well and problems with their former manager stalled progress for some time. However, in 1999, Nitocris toured nationally for the first time as part of a package, Turn Up Your Radio. In January, their "Dark Side" EP was released with a music video for the lead track directed by Margot Nash and Jane Castle. Their self-titled album issued in 2000 displayed a mellower, poppier style that won high rotation radio airplay on Triple J. Early copies of "Nitocris" included a bonus disc compiling "Ten Stories Down", "Haemorrhaging Souls", "Sycophant", "Butter", "Dark Side" and "I Love Rock 'n' Roll" (cover of the Arrows 1975 recording) from previous releases.
Nitocris received an ARIA Award nomination for 'Best Independent Release' for their single "Manic". The band toured Australia-wide with the Big Day Out in 2001 and followed with their own Manic Tour from mid-February to May. Although plans had been made to record a third album and tour overseas, however the group split up and played a final show at the Newtown Festival in November 2001.
Afterwards.
Finlayson and Stanway performed together in a band, The Fyreflyes, until the drummer left in 2004. That band had recorded a number of EPs. Finlayson announced a solo career in 2007 and her first single was released in May 2009. From November 2010, Finlayson has fronted Jessamine, which released a self-titled album in September 2011. Ancone formed Morgana and the Monstars, which have two releases and have incorporated up to 13 guests and musicians on the recordings. Ancone writes and performs with Boxing with Ghosts and is a freelance web designer.
Anderson (later known as Sara Graye) has guested on recordings and performed live for Morgana and the Monstars and for Fyreflyes. Later teaming up with Simon Day (ex-Ratcat) on a number of projects, The Prostitutes, The Substitutes and The Follow. Anderson has also performed with Iota, Tex Perkins. In October–November 2007, Graye joined Doc Neeson's Angels on Tour de Force – Middle East 8 to entertain the troops in Afghanistan and Iraq. Graye worked with electro pop outfit Dark Disco (with a track soon to be released in the states) and played with Mark Raparager. Since 2008, she designs for and manages her own fashion label, 50 ft Queenie.
Nitocris played a reunion show at the Annandale Hotel on 26 September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5916092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916092" title="Sinate">
Sinate

Sinate is a New Zealand death/thrash metal band.
History.
The band was formed in 2001 (and went under the name 'Desecrator') but did not release their debut album, "Beyond Human", until September 2005.
The band had disbanded in 2003 when Sam Sheppard joined 8 Foot Sativa, followed by Matt Sheppard—but both left 8 Foot Sativa to reform Sinate in June 2005, joined by 8 Foot Sativa guitar technician Sean Parkinson and former Reprobate member Antony "The Colonel" Folwell.
In 2009 Sean Parkinson was replaced by Matt Fawcett on guitar. Fawcett had supported Sinate in shows around New Zealand as the frontman for his band 'Damned Age', for which he performed vocals & guitar. Sinate left New Zealand to live & work in Europe. Some time previous to their departure Antony Folwell left the band. They initially based themselves in Stockholm, Sweden. They found a new bass player & settled in Berlin, Germany.
In early 2010 they toured Europe supporting Marduk & Vader on many dates of their 'Funeral Nation Tour', establishing their name across Europe.
November 2010 sees them return home to New Zealand to do a national tour and spend time with relatives.
23 November 2010 Sinate announce signing to San Francisco label ((Apocrypha Records)) to release their 3rd full-length album 'To The Death' in 2011.
Late 2010 saw the departure of bassist Munro Goodwin. Brent Fox, formerly the bassist for 8 Foot Sativa, joined as a permanent member to fill in bass duties.

</doc>
<doc id="5916101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916101" title="Winifred Lewellin James">
Winifred Lewellin James

Winifred Lewellin James (20 March 1876 - 27 April 1941) was an Australian writer.
James, daughter of the Rev. Thomas James and Gertrude (née Peterson), was born at Prahran, near Melbourne, Victoria in 1876.
She took up journalism in Melbourne, and in 1905, at the age of 29, went to London where her first novel "Bachelor Betty" was published in 1907. It was followed by "Patricia Baring" in 1908, "Saturday's Children, an Australian book for girls", in 1909, and "Letters to my Son", 1910. This book had extraordinary success and reached an eighteenth edition in less than 10 years. "More Letters to my Son", "Letters of a Spinster", and "A Sweeping" came out in 1911. Three travel books followed, "The Mulberry Tree" (1913), "A Woman in the Wilderness" (1915), and "Out of the Shadows" (1924). A novel, "Three Births in the Hemingway Family", was published in 1929, and in the following year two volumes of essays "London is my Lute" and "A Man for England", which was also issued with the title "A Man for Empire".
Another book of travel, "Gangways and Corridors", appeared in 1936. Miss James married in 1913 Henry de Jan of Louisiana, U.S.A., and Panama. The marriage was unfortunate and some years later Mrs de Jan divorced her husband. She returned to London and found that she had lost her nationality, and that she was an alien who must report to the police whenever she moved more than five miles from her residence. She eventually refused to report and after a fight extending over many years regained her nationality in 1935. She returned to Australia early in 1940, in ill health, and died in Sydney on 27 April 1941. Another novel, "The Gods Arrive", was published in Melbourne shortly after her death.

</doc>
<doc id="5916102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916102" title="Freaks and Geeks (soundtrack)">
Freaks and Geeks (soundtrack)

The cult television show "Freaks and Geeks" used music from the show's time period, 1980–1981 for its soundtrack.
Because this called for using popular, established artists, purchasing the rights to use songs required much of the show's budget and became an obstacle in releasing the show on DVD; in fact, reruns seen on Fox Family replaced some of the songs with generic production music. However, Shout! Factory eventually brought "Freaks and Geeks" to DVD in 2004, with all of its music intact.
Complete series soundtrack list.
The following is a complete list of the songs featured in "Freaks and Geeks" as they appear in the DVD booklet. Listed along with the titles of each song are the artist who performs the versions that appear in the series as well as the original album the track appeared on and that albums original year of release.
The opening credits of each episode are accompanied by the song "Bad Reputation", performed by Joan Jett from her 1980 "Bad Reputation" album.
CD soundtrack release.
A CD soundtrack for the series was released in 2004 from Shout! Factory. The CD soundtrack release contained nine songs featured in the series, eleven original "Freaks and Geeks" score tracks by Michael Andrews, three alternate cast recordings of songs performed on the show ("Lady L" being a fan favorite), an extra performance by "Feedback" and a bonus track by The Leaving Trains. The accompanying booklet features 15 pages of liner notes written by David Wild and Jake Kasdan as well as written track by track commentary by the "Freaks and Geeks" character, guidance counsellor Jeffery Theodore Rosso.

</doc>
<doc id="5916105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916105" title="1st Field Artillery Battery (Australia)">
1st Field Artillery Battery (Australia)

1st Field Artillery Battery was formed in August 1914 in New South Wales from 1st, 2nd and 3rd Royal Australian Field Artillery batteries of the regular army and assigned to 1st Field Artillery Brigade. 1st Battery departed for Egypt on 18 October 1914, the battery saw action in Egypt, Sinai and the Western Front.

</doc>
<doc id="5916122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916122" title="Michael Tate">
Michael Tate

Rev Fr The Hon. Michael Carter Tate AO (born 6 July 1945) is a former Australian Labor Party politician who later became an ambassador and then a Catholic priest.
Michael Tate was born in Sydney in 1945. He studied at the University of Tasmania, where he resided at St. John Fisher College, graduating with a Bachelor of Laws with First Class Honours in 1968. He gained a Master of Arts from Oxford before studying Theology at the University of Cambridge in 1996. He worked as a Lecturer in Law at the University of Tasmania from 1972 to 1978, becoming Dean of the Faculty in 1977. He currently works as Professor of Law at the university. He also served as Legal Adviser to the Tasmanian Parliamentary Delegation to the Constitutional Conventions 1973–77.
He was a member of the Catholic Commission for Justice and Peace 1972–78.
He was elected to the Senate representing Tasmania, at the 1977 election, his term commencing on 1 July 1978. He was re-elected in 1983, 1987 and 1993. He was President of the Parliamentary Christian Fellowship 1985–88.
He served as Minister for Justice 1987–93 in the Hawke and Keating governments, in addition to other portfolios.
He resigned from the Senate on 5 July 1993. After leaving politics he was appointed Australian Ambassador to the Netherlands and the Holy See, before retiring early to enter the priesthood.
In 1992, Fr Tate was awarded an honorary doctorate from his alma mater, the University of Tasmania, and in the Australia Day Honours of 1996, he was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO).
On 19 May 2000 he was ordained by the Archbishop of Hobart, the Most Rev. Adrian Leo Doyle in St Mary's Cathedral, Hobart. Guests included former Governor-General Bill Hayden, former Prime Minister, Gough Whitlam, and former Attorneys-General Lionel Bowen and Michael Duffy. Congratulatory messages were received Pope John Paul II and former Prime Ministers Bob Hawke and Paul Keating. That night, he told the ABC's "7.30 Report" that during his last audience with Pope John Paul II as Ambassador to the Holy See, the pontiff asked him what his next posting would be. John Paul was somewhat surprised when Tate told him he would be studying for the priesthood.
On 18 November 2010 Rev Professor Tate was appointed as Tasmania's first Parliamentary Standards Commissioner. The role was established under the Integrity Commission Act 2009. The Commissioner is independent of the Integrity Commission and provides advice to Members of Parliament and the Integrity Commission about conduct, propriety and ethics and the interpretation of any relevant codes of conduct and guidelines relating to the conduct of Members of Parliament.
As of April 2012, Tate was the parish priest of the Roman Catholic Parish of the Holy Spirit in Sandy Bay, Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="5916127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916127" title="Alien Radio">
Alien Radio

"Alien Radio" is an episode of "The Outer Limits" television show. It first aired on 22 January 1999.
Introduction.
Talk radio host and skeptic, Stan Harbinger, debunks and mocks callers to his show who claim to have had alien encounters.
Plot.
Stan Harbinger (Joe Pantoliano) is a top-rated talk show host with a flair for the outrageous and a reputation as a skeptic's skeptic. Assisted by his producer Trudy (Cynthia Nixon), Stan takes delight in shooting down callers who claim to have alien encounters, especially people like Eldon DeVries (Alan Zinyk) who believes that his body has been taken over by aliens. When Eldon commits suicide by setting himself on fire in front of Stan, Stan sees a glowing orange being leave Eldon's body but refuses to believe what he saw. A plan to syndicate the show is threatened by protests from UFO believers, angry at Stan's role in Eldon's death. Stan's skepticism is challenged when he notices that other people have the same distinctive triple heartbeat he heard coming from Eldon just before he died, and sees a woman possessed by an alien identical to the one that inhabited Eldon. Close to the edge, Stan finally loses it after Darcy Kipling (Leslie Hope), a woman he picked up in a bar, turns out to be a believer and sets him up by recording his drunken confession that he saw an alien at the bar where the two had met. He assaults Darcy's fellow believer, Moses Saxon (Alex Diakun), and is consequently fired by the station. Stan, in denial, then decides that Eldon faked his death and goes to Eldon's home to get proof, only to discover that Eldon's widow is inhabited by an alien as well. After seeing the alien use a communication device that connects to a space ship, Stan informs Darcy and Moses, desperate to get their help in publicizing the existence of aliens; the two explain that by getting himself fired he had rendered himself useless to their struggle. Stan then goes to the radio station and takes his former producer and another talk show host hostage. Stan agrees to release one hostage, Trudy, in exchange for five minutes of airtime to make his case, but the police ensure (without Stan's knowledge) that the broadcast can't be heard. Stan then discovers that he himself is inhabited by an alien, and that the two police detectives who were negotiating with him are also alien hosts. The detectives shoot and kill Stan's remaining hostage, shoot and kill Stan, and complain that they must find a new skeptic to discredit those who can see aliens.

</doc>
<doc id="5916131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916131" title="Donald McNabb">
Donald McNabb

Donald McNabb (February 1870 – June 18, 1934) was a politician from Alberta, Canada.
In 1890 he helped form a committee to raise money to buy books and periodicals and furnishings for the Miner's Library in Lethbridge.
McNabb was the first member of a third party to be elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta serving as a Labor member. He was elected in the by-election for Lethbridge in 1908.
During his time in the Legislative Assembly he accomplished another first in Alberta, Bill 8 "An Act to amend the Lethbridge Charter" would be the first introduced from the opposition and a third party to receive Royal Assent in the legislature. He would also introduce a second bill in the same legislative sitting to get assent, Bill 10 "An Act respecting the Galt Hospital".
McNabb ran for re-election in the new Lethbridge City riding, but was defeated.
In 1912, he chaired the meeting that formed the Alberta Federation of Labour.

</doc>
<doc id="5916134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916134" title="Perumpāṇāṟṟuppaṭai">
Perumpāṇāṟṟuppaṭai

Perumpanarruppatai,(Tamil: பெரும்பாணாற்றுப்படை) is a Tamil poetic work in the "Pathinenmaelkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature, belonging to the Sangam period corresponding to between 100 BCE – 100 CE. "Perumpanarruppatai" contains 500 lines of poetry in the "Achiriyappa" meter. The poems were written by the poet Kadiyalur Uruttirangannanar in praise of king Tondaiman Ilandiraiyan. "Perumpanarruppatai" belongs to the Pattupattu collection and follows the "Arruppadtai" style, a device used by most of the books in the Pattupattu collection. The work mentions how a "brother" of an ancient Chola king met with a Naga princess and had by him a son. The son was affectionately called "Ilam Tiraiyan" or literally the "Young Tiraiyan" by the family . Tiraiyar was the name of the naga tribe to which his mother belonged. Over the course of time he went on to rise to the position of the "Lord of Thondaimandalam" and took on the title "Tondaiman".
"Arruppatai" poems read like travelogues in which poets who were returning with gifts received from a king, encourage other poets to do the same by describing in glowing terms the king and his country. This gives the opportunity to the poet, among other topics, to describe in great detail the natural beauty, fertility, and resources of the territory that has to be traversed to reach the palace of the patron.

</doc>
<doc id="5916144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916144" title="CBS Paramount Domestic Television">
CBS Paramount Domestic Television

CBS Paramount Domestic Television (CPDT) was an American television distribution company/production that was formed on January 17, 2006 and owned by CBS Corporation, which existed mainly as an interim transition company shortly after the split of the original Viacom into the current Viacom and CBS Corporation, where CBS took the majority of Viacom's broadcast television assets, including Paramount Television.
The company distributed television series from Desilu Productions, Paramount Television, Viacom Productions, Republic Pictures Television, Big Ticket Television, CBS Productions (pre-1982 series), Spelling Television, DreamWorks Television (after Viacom acquired DreamWorks), Group W Productions, its own series, and the film libraries from Paramount Pictures, DreamWorks (distributed in association with Tribune Entertainment), Republic Pictures and CBS movies, among others.
On September 4, 2006, CBS Corporation announced that King World and CBS Paramount Television's broadcast syndication operations would be combined to form CBS Television Distribution. Roger King was announced as the CEO of the new group.
CPDT kept its on-screen identity for its television programs until August 20, 2007 when CBS Television Distribution's logo debuted on "Entertainment Tonight".

</doc>
<doc id="5916161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916161" title="Amrutham">
Amrutham

Amrutham is a 2004 Malayalam film directed by Sibi Malayil. Jayaram and Padmapriya are playing the lead roles. The film also stars Arun, Nedumudi Venu, Jagathy Sreekumar etc.
Plot.
The film is a typical family entertainer with ample doses of sentiments, tears and humour - all ingredients vital to keep viewers glued to their seats. Add a dash of student politics, campus violence and an inter-religious marriage, and the perfect recipe is ready.
It is to the director's credit that he has used an age-old formula and made a taut film that does not put the audience to sleep.
The story of "Amrutham" is about two brothers, Gopi (Jayaram) and Dinesh (Arun). Gopi is a farmer who works hard to give his brother a good education after their father (Nedumudi Venu) deserts them when Dinesh is just a child.
Dinesh, now a final-year degree student, is involved with the daughter of the local teashop-owner played by Bhavana.Dinesh is also involved in college politics. On the other hand, Gopi is involved with a Muslim girl Sainaba (Padmapriya). All hell breaks loose when Gopi marries Sainaba and brings her home.
The natural treatment given to the theme ultimately wins the day for this film.
There is no excessive use of melodrama, which tends to ruin this kind of story. The relationships are handled deftly. Nothing seems to be over the top or out of place. The performance of the lead actors has also helped in achieving this.
Padmapriya is the surprise package of this film. She is natural as Sainaba.
Soundtrack.
Amrutham's songs and background score are composed by M Jayachandran. The lyrics were written by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri. The music album has 5 songs:

</doc>
<doc id="5916162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916162" title="Retrodirectivity">
Retrodirectivity

A retrodirective antenna is an antenna that transmits the signal back in the same direction it came from. This is based on the principle of self-phase conjugation of the input signal. Directivity depends on relative phases of signal radiated from different elements. Arrayed antenna consist of multiple, identical radiating elements.
Retrodirectivity is achieved with phase conjugation by geometric placement of antenna elements (also known as heterodyning). Phase conjugation is obtained by mixing with LO (local oscillator) frequencies twice that of the incoming signal.
Applications.
Using retrodirectivity allows for faster acquisition (up to twelve times faster) than phased array antennas, and with up to twenty-five times the power output.
The key advantages of retrodirective antenna over phased array antennas are less signal processing time and faster response times.
References.
Angelo Umali's "Retrodirective Noise Correlating Radar"

</doc>
<doc id="5916163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916163" title="Behr (paint)">
Behr (paint)

Behr Process Corporation is one of the largest suppliers of architectural paint and exterior wood care products to the United States and Canadian do-it-yourself markets. BEHR manufactures interior house paints, exterior house paints, decorative finishes, primers, stains and surface preparation products, which are sold exclusively at The Home Depot. 
Behr was founded in 1947 when Otho Behr, Jr. began selling linseed oil wood stains to paint stores from the back of his woody station wagon. When the stores began asking for a redwood stain, Behr approached his father, an accomplished chemist, to develop the formula. He did, and the resulting growth of the business led Behr to move the company’s operations to an 800 square foot Quonset hut in Pasadena, California in 1948.The business quickly outgrew this facility as well, and in the early 1950s Behr relocated the company to its current home in Santa Ana, CA.
Behr was one of the first suppliers to Home Depot when that chain opened in 1978, and the company has grown dramatically ever since as the booming home resale market created greater demand for paints, lighting, wallpaper and other goods. BEHR has been named “Partner of the Year” by The Home Depot ten times.
The company thrived for many years selling wood stains, but it wasn't until 1986 that Behr began to manufacture the paints that the company is now known for. Since Behr introduced its Premium Plus line of interior and exterior paints in 1986, the company has consistently earned top honors and awards for providing quality products at an affordable price. 
Behr is responsible for many innovations that have changed the way people buy paint. In 1988, Behr became the first paint company to offer computer color matching, allowing customers to bring pieces of fabric or other color samples to The Home Depot to be scanned by a color matching machine and turned into a color formula for paint. 
In 1999 Behr was purchased by the Masco Corporation.
In 2012, Behr Paints introduced the next generation of Premium Plus® Interior Paint, BEHR Premium Plus self-priming, zero-VOC (Volatile Organic Compound) and low-odor interior paint, which now seals previously painted and uncoated surfaces without the use of a separate primer.
BEHR introduced its newest product, Marquee Exterior Paint & Primer, in 2013. Marquee is capable of repelling rain showers in as little as 60 minutes after application and delivers superior fade and stain resistance. 

</doc>
<doc id="5916166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916166" title="The Cocktail Party">
The Cocktail Party

The Cocktail Party is a play by T. S. Eliot. Elements of the play are based on "Alcestis", by the Ancient Greek playwright Euripides. The play was the most popular of Eliot's seven plays in his lifetime, although his 1935 play, "Murder in the Cathedral", is better remembered today. 
"The Cocktail Party" was first performed at the Edinburgh Festival in 1949. In 1950 the play had successful runs in London and New York theaters (the Broadway production received the 1950 Tony Award for Best Play.) It focuses on a troubled married couple who, through the intervention of a mysterious stranger, settle their problems and move on with their lives. The play starts out seeming to be a light satire of the traditional British drawing room comedy. As it progresses, however, the work becomes a darker philosophical treatment of human relations. As in many of Eliot's works, the play uses absurdist elements to expose the isolation of the human condition. In another recurring theme of Eliot's plays, the Christian martyrdom of the mistress character is seen as a sacrifice that permits the predominantly secular life of the community to continue. 
In 1951, in the first Theodore Spencer Memorial Lecture at Harvard University Eliot criticized his own plays in the second half of the lecture, explicitly the plays "Murder in the Cathedral", "The Family Reunion", and "The Cocktail Party". The lecture was published as "Poetry and Drama" and later included in Eliot's 1957 collection "On Poetry and Poets".
Synopsis.
Edward and Lavinia Chamberlayne are separated after five years of marriage. She leaves Edward just as they are about to host a cocktail party at their London home, and he has to come up with an explanation for why Lavinia is not present, in order to keep up social appearances. Lavinia is brought back by a mysterious Unidentified Guest at the party, who turns out to be a psychologist whom Edward and Lavinia both consult. They each learn that they have been deceiving themselves and must face life's realities. They learn that their life together, though hollow and superficial, is preferable to life apart. This message is difficult for the play's third main character, Edward's mistress, to accept. She, with the psychiatrist's urging, also moves on towards a life of greater honesty and salvation and becomes a Christian martyr in Africa. Two years later, Edward and Lavinia, now better adjusted, host another cocktail party.
Productions.
After its debut at the Edinburgh Festival in 1949 with Alec Guinness in the role of the unidentified guest, "The Cocktail Party" premiered on Broadway on January 21, 1950, at the Henry Miller's Theatre and ran for 409 performances. Produced by Gilbert Miller and directed by E. Martin Browne, the production starred Guinness as the mysterious stranger. It received the 1950 Tony Award for Best Play. The play also ran in London with Rex Harrison as the uninvited guest.
A revival opened on October 7, 1968, at the Lyceum Theatre and ran for 44 performances. The Chamberlaynes were played by Brian Bedford and Frances Sternhagen, with Sydney Walker as the mysterious stranger.
Guinness returned to the role of the uninvited guest at the Chichester Festival Theatre under his own direction in 1968, taking the production to London later in the year.
In the spring of 2010, the New York based Off-Broadway company The Actors Company Theatre (TACT) presented the play.

</doc>
<doc id="5916171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916171" title="Prang">
Prang

Prang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5916180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916180" title="Ken Gampu">
Ken Gampu

Ken Gampu (born 28 August 1929 in Germiston, South Africa; died 4 November 2003 in Vosloorus, South Africa) was a South African actor.
Before he began his career, Gampu was a physical training instructor, salesman, interpreter and police officer. His first acting job was in Athol Fugard's play, "No Good Friday" (1958). His big break came in the 1965 film "Dingaka" by Jamie Uys. The same year, he had a significant role in Cornel Wilde's African adventure film, "The Naked Prey".

</doc>
<doc id="5916185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916185" title="The Listening Pool">
The Listening Pool

The Listening Pool was an English band, founded by three former members of Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD), after the original-lineup split in 1989. It was composed of Paul Humphreys, Malcolm Holmes and Martin Cooper.
The group released one album, "Still Life" (1994).
History.
Name.
Martin Cooper on how they came up with the band's name from an interview in the Telegraph fanzine:
Paul Humphreys:
Contractual difficulties.
The Listening Pool had to overcome a few obstacles before they could release their CD. The Listening Pool could not release any music since Paul and Andy McCluskey signed an agreement releasing Paul from his contract with Virgin Records while allowing Andy to continue using the name OMD. Until new OMD material was issued, nothing could be done on Paul’s end. 
Martin states in the Telegraph interview:
The Listening Pool originally signed with a record label called Inevitable, which later folded. The Listening Pool then formed their own independent label, Telegraph Records. OMD used the fictitious "Telegraph" label for "Dazzle Ships" (1983), in order to maintain the image of being signed to an "indie" label.
Debut Album.
The Listening Pool released its debut album titled "Still Life" in 1994. The style of "Still Life" is quite a change from the electronic sound of the OMD of old utilizing the individual talents of the members with more acoustic drums, saxophone and keyboards.
Split.
In 1996, after recording some songs intended for a follow-up album, one of which was titled "Satellite" the band split. Paul Humphreys went on to form the band Onetwo with Claudia Brucken, Martin Cooper resumed his painting career and Mal Holmes continues to work in the music industry.
In 2006 the classic OMD line-up (McCluskey, Humphreys, Cooper, and Holmes) reunited, and continues to tour and record.
Discography.
Albums.
Still Life (1994)
Singles.
Oil for the Lamps of China (1993)
Meant To Be (1995)
Telegraph Records.
The Listening Pool formed their own independent label, Telegraph Records. Besides releasing their own work, they also signed artists like Peter Coyle (both as a solo artist and as part of Pure Journey) and China Crisis. The label didn't last long, so its catalogue is rather small.

</doc>
<doc id="5916191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916191" title="CNN (disambiguation)">
CNN (disambiguation)

CNN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5916193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916193" title="Vinnie Politan">
Vinnie Politan

Vincent Politan is a former attorney and journalist who co-created and hosts "After Dark" on HLN. He previously anchored "Prime News with Vinnie Politan" on HLN and HLN Special Report. He co-anchors "In Session" on the cable network truTV. He previously co-anchored "Bloom & Politan: Open Court" alongside Lisa Bloom, and "Both Sides" with Kimberly Guilfoyle. Cases covered by Politan include Jodi Arias, Trayvon Martin, Casey Anthony, Dr. Conrad Murray, the murder trial of Michael Skakel, Michael Jackson, the Sean "Puffy" Combs case, the Zacarias Moussaoui trial, the Scott Peterson murder trial, and the Kobe Bryant rape case since joining Court TV in January 2001.
Additionally, Politan hosted the morning radio show "Me and Vinnie" on Sirius XM radio's Stars Too station.
He appeared on Broadway for the production of "Twelve Angry Men" and has appeared as a detective on "Law & Order."
Biography.
In 1993, Politan graduated from West Orange High School in West Orange, New Jersey, and was captain of the school's basketball team. He attended Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, receiving an AB in Communication before attending Seton Hall University School of Law in Newark, New Jersey.
Career.
Politan, the brother of a corporate attorney and son of federal judge Nicholas H. Politan, was a prosecutor in Bergen County, New Jersey, before going into journalism. Following his time as prosecutor, Politan worked in the private legal sector, includingat the Carella-Byrne law firm in New Jersey. Politan’s final employment as an attorney was as in-house counsel for the supermarket chain Grand Union.
Journalism.
Politan worked at Channel 10 News in New Jersey as a reporter and anchor, covering general news, legal stories, and moderating political debates. He also produced and hosted a weekly legal program, "Bergen County Justice with Vinnie Politan".
Politan worked as an AP reporter and then an anchor for Central Florida News 13 in Orlando. During 2000, Politan covered both Democratic and Republican National Conventions as a correspondent for Time Warner.
Other work.
In 1989, he co-founded the Metropolitan Recording Corporation, serving as A&R Director, a job which gave him the responsibility of finding and producing new artists. He proceeded to co-founded the Ultimate Sports Association basketball leagues, which are now a part of Hoop Heaven.

</doc>
<doc id="5916209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916209" title="Taronga">
Taronga

Taronga (1986) is a young adult science fiction post-apocalyptic novel written by Australian author Victor Kelleher. The story revolves around the catastrophic disaster that destroys the Earth as we know it and its impact of Australia in the Southern Hemisphere. It is not revealed to us directly what has caused this apocalypse, but it is assumed that it was due to global war. The protagonist is a young teenager named Ben, who has developed telepathic powers and is able to communicate with animals.
Plot.
Part One: The Calling.
The book begins two years after the Last Days. Ben lives with a callous man named Greg, who uses Ben's powers, which he calls "the Call", to attract game for hunting. Ben feels guilty about leading the animals to their death but faces a beating from Greg if he does not comply. When he finally escapes, he promises not to use the Call again. He breaks this promise less than a day later when he is pursued by a man on horseback.
Ben decides to return to Sydney, where he once lived with his parents. He travels first on foot, then by bike, using mountain roads to avoid local gang activity. He is joined by a stray dog. 
As he draws closer to his destination, he hears the Call of something wild and ferocious. When he reaches the city, he realizes that the Call is coming from Taronga Zoo. He then makes up his mind to travel to Taronga zoo to find out what creature could still be so wild and free.
Part Two: The Trial.
In Sydney, Ben is chased by a gang. The dog sacrifices itself to give Ben the opportunity to escape, but Ben is still captured. The gang takes Ben to Taronga Park Zoo, which houses another gang of survivors and is guarded by tigers and other predators. The gang wishes to break into the zoo and plans to use Ben as bait.
Inside, Ben is almost attacked by two tigers, Raja and Ranee. He is saved by Ellie, an Aboriginal girl who is in charge of the big cats. She takes him to their leader, Molly, who allows Ben to stay after he proves that he can also round up and cage the cats. Ben quickly earns the trust of all of the animals except for Raja, the male tiger, who hates Ben for restricting his physical freedom.
Although Ben originally sees Taronga as an ideal community, he soon discovers that Molly is a ruthless and selfish leader. When the Sydney gang tries to break into the zoo, Molly divulges her plan to burn Taronga to the ground before she lets another gang occupy it. Ben and Ellie decide to act.
Part Three: The Answer.
Ben convinces the rival gang that he wants to help them break in and they set a date for an ambush. During the next week, Ben and Ellie cut a hole in the outer fence and disguise it with ivy. On the day of the ambush, they set the animals free. The Sydney gang and the Taronga gang fight. Ben and Ellie are the only survivors.
Ben once again swears that he will no longer use the Call. When he is cornered by Raja, he keeps that promise. But Raja does not attack him; instead, he gives Ben a playful swat.
Raja and Ranee head towards the Blue Mountains and are followed by Ben and Ellie.
Reception.
The book was nominated for the 1987 Ditmar Award for "Best Australian Science Fiction or Fantasy Novel" and was crowned best writer in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5916211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916211" title="Donor (The Outer Limits)">
Donor (The Outer Limits)

"Donor" is an episode of "The Outer Limits" television show. It first aired on 29 January 1999.
Plot.
Dr. Renee Stuyvesant and her protégé Dr. Vance Ridout have perfected the full-body transplant in which a patient's entire disease-riddled body is replaced and Renee has convinced the hospital board to allow her to perform the first such procedure on Dr. Peter Halstead. A fitting choice since Halstead originated the procedure before being stricken with terminal cancer but his rare blood and tissue types make a match unlikely. Renee, who has secretly loved Halstead for years, solves that problem by murdering Timothy Laird, a perfect donor, as he emerges from the flower store. The transplant is a success and the vision of millions in fees dance in Renee and Vince's heads. But Peter is having visions of his own involving a woman, a little girl and a killing outside the flower store. Mysteriously drawn to Laird's old neighborhood, he learns that the people he's been seeing are Deirdre, Laird's widow, and his daughter, Kylie and that he has apparently inherited Laird's love for them. Deirdre recoils when Peter eventually confesses that he inhabits her late husband's body. But that's nothing compared to how Renee responds when Peter reveals that he's had flashes of what Timothy Laird saw just before he was killed.

</doc>
<doc id="5916216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916216" title="KMYT (FM)">
KMYT (FM)

KMYT (94.5 KMYT Smooth Jazz) is a smooth jazz radio station in Temecula, California, which broadcasts on 94.5 MHz. The station is owned and operated by Clear Channel Communications.
The station is now the only full-time smooth jazz station in the Greater Los Angeles area (although Arbitron puts it in the Riverside-San Bernardino market) because KTWV is now more of an urban adult contemporary/Smooth AC station. It does still compete with a similar format on KIFM in San Diego.
History.
This station began in 1999 as a simulcast of KOGO, the heritage news/talk station in San Diego. Clear Channel wanted a more reliable signal for KOGO in southern Riverside County, which has become a significant exurb of San Diego (and also of Los Angeles, for that matter). Three years later, Clear Channel changed the simulcast from that of KOGO to that of hot adult contemporary station KMYI and the station became KMYT[http://licensing.fcc.gov/cgi-bin/ws.exe/prod/cdbs/pubacc/prod/call_hist.pl?Facility_id=2910&Callsign=KMYT]. The format lasted for two years until it was changed to smooth jazz, their current format.

</doc>
<doc id="5916228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916228" title="Bhagwati Charan Verma">
Bhagwati Charan Verma

Bhagwati Charan Verma (भगवती चरण वर्मा) (August 30, 1903 -October 5, 1981), was one of the leading writers in Hindi. He wrote many novels, but his magnum opus was "Chitralekha" (1934) (चित्रलेखा), which was made into two successful Hindi films, 1941 and 1964.
He was awarded the 1961 Sahitya Akademi Award in Hindi, for his epic five-part novel, "Bhoole Bisre Chitra" (भूले-बिसरे चित्र); and in 1971 the Padma Bhushan, one of India's civil honours and nominated to Rajya Sabha in 1978.
Early life and education.
Bhagwati Charan Verma was born on August 30, 1903, at Safipur in Unnao district, Uttar Pradesh, where he received his early education. He also spent some years living with his extended family (with some colourful uncles) at the ancestral home in Patkapur. Thereafter he studied in Thesophical School, and went on to do his B.A. L.L.B. from Allahabad University.
Career.
After his education he practiced law at Kanpur and later at Hamirpur where he wrote his historic novel "Chitralekha" in 1934. Its success got him instant fame and started his literary career in which he went to write over 17 novels. He work at Calcutta Film Corporation for a while, followed by editing a weekly magazine, titled 'Vichaar'. He also did screenwriting in Bombay, and later edited a Hindi daily 'Navjeevan'; and finally he started writing independently in 1957.
He remained the Hindi Advisor at All India Radio, Lucknow for a while, and later in 1978, he was nominated to the Upper House of Indian Parliament, Rajya Sabha, and died on October 5, 1981. Today, a park is name after him, in his birthplace, the town of Safipur
Further reading.
prashn aur marichika,chanakya

</doc>
<doc id="5916229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916229" title="Chinthamani Kolacase">
Chinthamani Kolacase

Chinthamani Kolacase ("translated as Chinthamani Murder File") is a legal thriller movie loosely based on an English short story called The Veteran. Directed by Shaji Kailas with Suresh Gopi in the lead role and Bhavana playing the central character, this film narrates the story of a Lal Krishna Viradiyar, a brahmin lawyer and his style of law enforcement and criminal verdict for the criminals after the court sessions. The film succeeded in making moolah at the box office. It also stars Thilakan, Kalabhavan Mani, Biju Menon, Rekha etc.
The style of the movie is non-linearity that is maintained throughout the entire film. The basic story-telling style of Shaji Kailas is spinned on and off by the writer A.K.Sajan.
Plot.
The basic premise is of a lawyer doling out his brand of justice on criminals whom he himself had freed from the courts.
The story is centered on Lal Krishna Viradiar (Suresh Gopi), the enigmatic criminal lawyer with an even more enigmatic mission. Lal Krishna helps out hardened criminals to get away from the courts by telling lie that there are no proofs for their work. But later he pursues and takes them out in a bizarre show of vigilant justice.
The film begins with the acquittal of Isra Khureshi (Baburaj), accused of raping and killing Rasiya, his Arabic teacher. Isra Khureshi calls up Lal Krishna Viradiyar, his lawyer, asking him to come to meet him at an isolated place for a celebration. Lal Krishna arrives at the spot and kills Khureshi, claiming that its his duty to wipe out evil forces to maintain the cosmic law. He, then kills David Rajarathnam, a Tamil businessman, who was accused of raping his own daughter. Jagannivasan (Biju Menon), the superintendent of police is suspicious of the moves of Lal Krishnan, and is following him for long time. It was then, the case of case of Mirchi Girls, a band of spoilt, rich NRI girls, reaching him. They are the main accused in the murder of Chinthamani (Bhavana), their college mate, an innocent girl from conservative back ground. Viramani Varier (Thilakan), her father is fighting hard for justice and is represented by Kannayi Parameshwaran (Saikumar), a public prosecutor, who is famous for his unique style of argument. After a long court battle, Lal Krishna succeeds in bringing the judgement in favor Mirchi Girls. LK finds out that it was none other than Kannayi Parameshwaran, who has committed murder of Chinthamani, while attempting to rape her. Lal Krishna, in his own violent way kills Kannayi to deliver justice to Chinthamani and her old father Viramani Varier
Response.
This film was released a few months after the success of Shaji Kailas - Suresh Gopi team's The Tiger. Chinthamani Kolacase went on become one of the biggest money grosser of the year 2006. This film also added reaffirmed the chair of Shaji Kailas and Suresh Gopi in Malayalam cinema. The script of this film was done by A. K. Sajan, who had earlier done films like Butterflies, Janathipathyam, Crime File and Stop Violence. This was his first film with Shaji Kailas. Later they did Red Chillies (2009) with Mohanlal in lead and Drona 2010 (2010) with Mammooty in lead, both becoming flops.
Remakes.
It was remade in Telugu as "Sri Mahalakshmi" starring Srihari and remade as "Ellaam Avan Seyal" with same director.
Newcomer RK play Lal Krishna and Shamna play Chitamani. Sunny Deol slated to star in the Hindi remake of Chintamani Kolacase

</doc>
<doc id="5916232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916232" title="Australian 'A' Captured Gun Battery">
Australian 'A' Captured Gun Battery

'A' Captured Gun Battery was formed in France in September 1918 from personnel of V Heavy Trench Mortar Battery. 'A' Battery was one of four captured gun batteries formed by the Australian Corps heavy artillery to operate captured German guns using ammunition from captured stocks. The other three batteries were operated by British troops. The battery operated three captured German 105 mm guns.

</doc>
<doc id="5916236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916236" title="37mm gun">
37mm gun

37mm gun or 3.7 cm gun can refer to several weapons or weapons systems. The "37mm" refers to the inside diameter of the barrel of the gun, and therefore the diameter of the projectile it fires. However, the overall size and power of the gun itself can vary greatly between different weapons, in spite of them all being called "37mm" guns.

</doc>
<doc id="5916279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916279" title="Small Friends (The Outer Limits)">
Small Friends (The Outer Limits)

"Small Friends" is an episode of "The Outer Limits" television show. It first aired on 5 February 1999.
Plot.
Brilliant robotics researcher Gene Morton (Ralph Waite) killed a man who stole the credit for his groundbreaking nanobot research. Now in prison his chances at parole have been sabotaged by his own honesty and sense of guilt. Although it's a lonely life, late at night, after lights-out, Gene brings out his small friends, a swarm of microscopic robots (nanobots/nanites) that he made from prison scrap and keeps in a matchbox. The MEMS (short for MicroElectroMechanical Systems) are controlled by a small keypad and can work together to perform an amazing variety of tasks, from sculpting steel to picking locks. The MEMS are Gene's little secret until one night when he takes pity on Lawrence, a fellow inmate who has broken a CD player belonging to Marlon, the prison tough guy. Knowing Marlon might kill Lawrence, Gene sends the MEMS to fix the player. Lawrence is dazzled, but repays the favor by teaming up with Marlon to blackmail Gene. The two cons threaten to kill Gene's daughter Becky and grandson Phillip unless he uses the MEMS to help them break out of prison. When things turn ugly during the jailbreak and Marlon's demands increase, Gene knows he's in big trouble and the only help available is from friends who are smaller than the eye can see.

</doc>
<doc id="5916286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916286" title="Albert Robertson">
Albert Robertson

Albert John Robertson was a politician from Alberta, Canada, and the first Leader of the Opposition in the province's history. He led the Conservatives in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1905 to 1909, before being defeated in the 1909 election.
Political career.
Though he had lived in Nanton, Alberta for several years, he was still regarded as a newcomer when he was selected as the Conservative candidate in the district of High River for the 1905 Alberta provincial election. He had what the "Calgary Herald" described as "extensive farming operations near Nanton" and was the general manager of Nanton Grain & Lumber.
Robertson won a close race against Liberal candidate Richard Alfred Wallace; final results took more than a month to come in, and until they did the candidates traded the unofficial lead. He was one of only two Conservatives elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, along with Cornelius Hiebert. As Conservative leader R. B. Bennett was defeated in the election, Robertson led the two person opposition against Alexander Cameron Rutherford's Liberal government, which controlled the rest of the 25-seat assembly.
As opposition leader, Robertson was vocal in his criticisms of Rutherford and his government. He objected to the Liberal-imposed terms under which Alberta had entered Confederation, which included a requirement that Alberta's provincial government provide public funding to Roman Catholic separate schools and control over Alberta's natural resources being left with the federal government. He called for public ownership of the telephone system and railways at a time when the government's policy was to leave both under the control of the private sector. He also demanded that the government reveal its position on a permanent capital for the province—Edmonton had been fixed as interim capital, with the choice of final capital to take place after the first provincial election, and the government was trying to avoid taking a position that might offend many Albertans' regional sensibilities. When the legislature established new electoral boundaries, Robertson objected to provisions giving Edmonton and Calgary two seats each, and argued that the maximum time between elections—five years—was too long.
Thomas was handicapped in his efforts by several factors. First, the Liberal majority was such that it was difficult for a two member opposition to make itself heard, and more difficult still to have any tangible effect. Second, much of the government's legislation was of an uncontroversial variety, establishing the government institutions necessary for any new province. Third, Hiebert had little interest in partisan politics, and sided increasingly with the government; he eventually left the Conservative Party and unsuccessfully sought re-election as an independent. Despite Robertson's best efforts, the Conservatives declined to make his leadership permanent, opting instead to go into the 1909 election effectively leaderless.
Robertson himself sought re-election in the new district of Nanton, where he was defeated by Liberal John M. Glendenning.
After leaving office.
For a time, Robertson was a partner in the Hanna Realty Company—Robertson, Trenaman and Stirling in Hanna, but it dissolved in 1913 when, more than fifty years old, he went to study the law. He completed his studies in 1917, and was admitted to the bar the next year, after which he practiced law in Three Hills.
In the 1913 provincial election, Robertson ran again, in the district of Hand Hills. He was once again defeated, this time by Liberal candidate Robert Eaton.

</doc>
<doc id="5916288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916288" title="Edward Solomon">
Edward Solomon

Edward Solomon (25 July 1855 – 22 January 1895) was a prolific English composer, as well as a conductor, orchestrator and pianist. Though he died before his fortieth birthday, he wrote dozens of works produced for the stage, including several for the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, such as "The Nautch Girl", among others.
Life and career.
Edward ("Teddy") Solomon was born in London of Jewish descent.
Early career.
His first comic opera was "A Will With a Vengeance" (1876), a one-act work with a libretto by Frederick Hay, based on "La Vendetta". This was produced at the Globe Theatre. In 1879, he met Henry Pottinger "Pot" Stephens while he was the musical director at the Royalty Theatre conducting, among other works, Arthur Sullivan's "The Zoo". With Stephens, he produced his first successes, "Billee Taylor" (1880), a "nautical comedy opera" in two acts; and "Claude Duval" (1881, celebrating a well known 18th century highwayman), both of which remained popular for many years in both the UK and US. Other Solomon and Stephens successes were "Lord Bateman, or Picotee's Pledge" (1882), "Virginia, or Ringing the Changes" (1883) and later "The Red Hussar" (1889), a "comedy opera" in three acts. Together, they would also write "Popsy Wopsy", a "musical absurdity" (1880) and "Pocahontas" (1884).
Solomon also wrote the music for the short companion pieces "Quite an Adventure" (1881; Olympic Theatre; revived in 1894 at the Savoy Theatre) and "Round and Square" (1885), each with a libretto by Frank Desprez, and each produced on tour by D'Oyly Carte companies in the 1880s and 1890s. Other early shows included "Love and Larceny" in 1881, a farce, "Through the Looking-Glass" (1882), "The Vicar of Bray", a comic opera with a libretto by Sydney Grundy (1882; revived 1892 at the Savoy), the successful "Polly, or The Pet of the Regiment" (1884) and "Pepita; or, the Girl with the Glass Eyes" (1886). He also wrote ballads like "I Should Like To" and "Over the Way", and numerous salon piano solos and arrangements. For instance, he arranged George Grossmith's "See Me Dance the Polka" for piano.
Later career.
With F. C. Burnand, Solomon wrote "Pickwick" (1889), which also had a run in 1894, "Domestic Economy" (1890), and "The Tiger" (1890). Burnand's contribution to the last of these was so unacceptable that the work was hissed off the stage on its opening night.
From 1891–93, after Gilbert and Sullivan had temporarily separated, Richard D'Oyly Carte mounted a number of non-G&S pieces to keep the Savoy Theatre open, including a revival of "The Vicar of Bray" in 1892. Solomon's most famous work produced by the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company was probably "The Nautch Girl or, The Rajah of Chutneypore" (1891), an "Indian comic opera" in two acts with a libretto by George Dance, and lyrics by George Dance and Frank Desprez. It initially ran for 200 performances at the Savoy Theatre and then toured. The company also toured "The Vicar of Bray".
His last stage work was "On the March" (1896), a musical comedy in two acts, with John Crook and Frederic Clay, to a libretto by William Yardley, B. C. Stephenson and Cecil Clay, based on "In Camp" by Victoria Vokes.
Bigamous marriage and other information.
Solomon became notorious because of his bigamous marriage to American prima donna Lillian Russell, whom he met at Tony Pastor's New York Casino Theatre where he was the musical director and she became the star. Subsequently, she starred in several of his works, including "Billee Taylor", "Polly" and "Pocahontas". When she learned of his previous marriage, she sued for divorce.
His brother Frederick Solomon sang in "Billee Taylor" in the provinces (1883) and was the composer of the comic opera "Captain Kidd, or The Bold Buccaneer," produced at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, Liverpool, on 10 September 1883.
Had he lived, Solomon might have been chosen to complete Sullivan and Hood's "The Emerald Isle" after Sullivan's death in 1900, because of Solomon's relationships with Sullivan and Carte. But Solomon died in London of typhoid fever in 1895 at the age of 39.

</doc>
<doc id="5916304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916304" title="Salman Isa">
Salman Isa

Salman Isa Ghuloom, () (born 12 July 1977) known to many as just Salman Isa, is a Bahraini footballer that plays as a winger or a wingback. He is currently contracted by Al Riffa.
World Cup Qualifiers.
Salman is noted for scoring for Bahrain in the Asia-Concacaf playoff qualifier for the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany against Trinidad and Tobago. In doing so he gave Bahrain the lead, playing away at Port of Spain in the first leg. That gave Bahrain the advantage to qualify for the World Cup, but Trinidad's Chris Birchall equalized to end the match. In the 2nd Leg in Bahrain, Dennis Lawrence scored to give Trinidad and Tobago the win and help them qualify for the 2006 FIFA World Cup, for the first time in their history.
Club career.
Ghuloom has played for a number of clubs during his footballing career. At 28 he is a very experienced footballer. Ghuloom started his career at small first division (the 2nd tier of Bahraini football) club Isa Town or Madinat Isa. This club produced former Bahrain national team captain, and Ghuloom's teammate, Talal Yousif. Ghuloom's excellent performance for the club prompted one of the three big Bahraini clubs, Al Riffa to sign him along with Isa Town teammate Talal Yousef. After signing for Al Riffa he made a huge impact helping them to the Bahraini Premiership title in 2002-2003. During his time at Al Riffa he played under Bahraini Manager Riyadh Al Thawadi who would go on to manage the Bahrain national team for one match against Kuwait. Salman Isa plays his trade for Al-Arabi of Qatar currently and is one of the most consistent players at the club.
Asian Cup 2004.
In 2004 Bahrain qualified for the 2004 AFC Asian Cup in China. Although Salman missed the many games of the tournament due to injury, he still managed to play a few matches in Bahrain's run to the Semi Finals. After the Asian Cup, most of the members of the national team were signed by big Qatari clubs such as Al Gharafa, Al Arabi, and Al Rayyan. Team players such as Mohamed Ahmed Salmeen and Alaa Hubail moved on to Qatar. While others like Talal Yousif for instance decided to move to Kuwait. After this The Bahraini Premiership appeared to have lost some of its most important players. Although the loss of many national team members meant the rise of Salman.
Glory Days.
Ghuloom is known for his hardworking and tireless displays on the wing, but as Talal Yousif who was deployed as a more offensive player for Al Riffa left for Kuwait SC, Riyadh Al Thawadi decided to push Ghuloom upfield and play him as a Forward. This decision proved to be vital as Ghuloom scored 15 goals leaving him as the league top scorer. Ghuloom's amazing form also helped Al Riffa to the 2004-2005 league championship and the Crown Prince Cup. In which Ghuloom scored in the final. Ghuloom's best for the national team came in the 2004 Gulf Arabian Cup in Qatar. Ghuloom scored and amazing goal in the historic 3-0 win over Bahrain's fierce rivals and neighbors the more famous Saudi Arabia. Ghuloom's hardworking ethics paid off as Bahrain again qualified for the semi finals although they were knocked out by Oman. Nevertheless, Bahrain still finished in third place. After the 2004-2005 season Ghuloom's amazing displays prompted Al Arabi of Qatar, where fellow national team player and captain Mohamed Salmeen plays, to sign Ghuloom from then Bahraini champions Al Riffa. At Al Riffa Ghuloom was a cult hero and fans referred to him as "AL JANAH AL TAER" which means the flying wing, for his speady runs through the wings. At Al Arabi, Ghuloom continued to display good form although there he was being used mostly as a defender or wing back. Till today Salman Isa is defending the colors of Al-Arabi and is the captain of the club.

</doc>
<doc id="5916307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916307" title="Santa Fe Building">
Santa Fe Building

Santa Fe Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5916310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916310" title="Céntimo">
Céntimo

The céntimo (in Spanish-speaking countries) or cêntimo (in Portuguese-speaking countries) was a currency unit of Spain, Portugal and their former colonies. The word derived from the Latin "centimus" meaning "hundredth part". The main Spanish currency (pre-euro) was the peseta which was divided into 100 céntimos. In Portugal it was the real and later the escudo until it was also replaced by the euro. In Spanish, "céntimo" is the common way of describing the euro cent.
Current use.
Céntimo or cêntimo is one-hundredth of the following basic monetary units:

</doc>
<doc id="5916322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916322" title="Covergirl (album)">
Covergirl (album)

Covergirl is the first album of the German trance group Groove Coverage, released in 2002. It features the 2 singles "Moonlight Shadow" and "God is a Girl" in both radio edit and ballad form. The Radio Edit of "God is a Girl" is a hidden track at the end of the album. The album features a few ballads and dance tracks. 
Both Melanie Munch and Verena Rehm provide vocals together for most songs, with the exceptions of "Lullaby for love" which is a Verena solo, and "Moonlight Shadow" which is a Mell solo with Verena providing the piano in the piano version. "Are You Ready" and "The Beat Just Goes'" are club tracks, neither of which Mell or Verena provide vocals for.
Track listing.
"Note: Like "Hit Me", "Are You Ready" is usually not taken into account as a single."

</doc>
<doc id="5916338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916338" title="Giannis Poulopoulos">
Giannis Poulopoulos

Giannis Poulopoulos (Greek: Γιάννης Πουλόπουλος, a.k.a. John Poulopoulos; born 1941 in Mani, Greece) is a Greek singer-songwriter who had many prominent hits in the Greek music world during the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s . He has sold the fourth-highest number of albums of all Greek singers.
Shortly after his birth, his parents, originally from Messenia, moved to the Saint Ierotheos region of Peristeri, near Athens. From an early age Poulopoulos liked singing, but in the region of his home there was no one who was able to promote his talent. Prompted by friends, he sought but could not obtain an audition with Columbia Records. He was not discouraged and continued with almost-daily requests for an audition. Meanwhile he worked as a builder, playing football in Saint Ierotheos for the Courageous team and developed a skill for oil painting.
Eventually his persistence paid off for him. Still only 19, Poulopoulos secured auditions with the so-called megatheria of Greek music - Mikis Theodorakis, Apostolos Kaldaras, Vassilis Tsitsanis, and Giannis Papaioannou. Poulopoulos chose two somewhat difficult songs, "Mana mou kai panagia" ("My Mother and the Madonna") and "Parapono" ("Complaint").
After one audition, Mikis Theodorakis approached Poulopoulos, declaring: "I will make this one a singer." Recognizing his great talent, Theodorakis took Poulopoulos under his wing and arranged for him to sing three songs in a theatrical production by Nikos Kourkoulos and Tzeni Karezi of Iakovos Kambanellis's play "The Neighbourhood of Angels". Grigoris Bithikotsis later made cover versions of the first three songs ("Set a table for two," "Glory to God" and "Bread is on the Table") that Poulopoulos recorded.
Poulopoulos would regularly ding in a music hall in Plaka. He recorded four or five 45rpm disks for Columbia Records which are now difficult to find, as the singer soon agreed to record for Lyra, for whom he recorded three songs by Mikis Theodorakis. In 1965 he was the first performer of four songs written by Manos Loïzos. Nearly at the same time he also had a great success with "Mi mu thymonis matia mou" (Don't be angry with me, my love) composed by Stavros Koujioumtzis.
By 1966, his records were being distributed more widely, and his songs were featured in movies. In "Oi Stigmatismenoi" ("The Stigmatized"), which starred Giorgos Foundas and Maro Kodou, he sang "Very late" and "I love you" with Helen Kladi. In "O Tetraperatos" ("The Cunning") with Kostas Chatzichristos he sang "In Piraeus, in Piraeus" by Giorgos Katsaros, and in the romantic comedy "Tzeni-Tzeni" he and Tzeni Karezi performed a song by Giannis Markopoulos.

</doc>
<doc id="5916342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916342" title="Sugar spoon">
Sugar spoon

A sugar spoon is a piece of cutlery used for serving granulated sugar. This type of spoon resembles a teaspoon except that the bowl is deeper and often molded in the shape of a sea shell, giving it the name "sugar shell". Sugar spoons are sometimes called "sugar shovels" because of their rectangular shape and deep bowl.
Sterling silver sugar spoons are used with formal silver coffee or tea sets.

</doc>
<doc id="5916347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916347" title="7 Years and 50 Days">
7 Years and 50 Days

7 Years and 50 Days is the second album of the German Euro-trance band Groove Coverage, released in 2004. Several versions of the album were released, most significant being the 'second edition' (or the 'limited edition'), which replaced "Fragezeichen" with "She" and included a bonus track as well as a thong looking like that worn by the girl on the cover of the band's single God Is A Girl. Other versions differ from country to country.
Track listing.
"Note: "Fragezeichen" is the early version of "She" with no lyrics."

</doc>
<doc id="5916351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916351" title="Intimacy (Bruce Roberts album)">
Intimacy (Bruce Roberts album)

Intimacy is an album released by Bruce Roberts in 1995. It featured musical and vocal contributions by many notable artists.

</doc>
<doc id="5916361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916361" title="21st Century (Groove Coverage album)">
21st Century (Groove Coverage album)

21st Century (known as 21st Century Digital Girl on some online stores) is the third album of the German Eurodance band Groove Coverage, released on July 7, 2006. It was previously available a few days earlier than expected on the German version of iTunes. Compared to Groove Coverage's previous albums, "7 Years and 50 Days" and "Covergirl", this album contains much more pop music such as "21st Century Digital Girl", "What You C is What You Get", and a rock song, titled "Rock".
Track listing.
Japanese Edition.
The Japanese release by Farm Records includes these 4 additional tracks along with the original tracklisting.

</doc>
<doc id="5916363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916363" title="Lillian Axe">
Lillian Axe

Lillian Axe is a hard rock band from New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, best known for its major label albums, "Lillian Axe", "Love + War" and "Poetic Justice", the band's biggest commercial success. Originally formed in 1983, the group is still active today although only the guitarist Steve Blaze remains from the original line-up.
Biography.
The classic line-up came together when former Stiff members, Ron Taylor (lead vocals) and Jon Ster (rhythm guitar, keyboards, backing vocals), teamed up with Lillian Axe members Steve Blaze (lead guitar, keyboards, backing vocals), Rob Stratton (bass guitar, and Danny King (drums) in 1987. The band caught the attention of Ratt's management which led to a record deal with MCA and Ratt's Robbin Crosby producing the band's first album, "Lillian Axe". However, neither this nor the 1989 follow-up, "Love + War", produced by Tony Platt, met commercial expectations and the group was quickly dropped. A compilation of both MCA albums, "(1987-1989) Out of the Darkness - Into the Light", was released in 1991.
The band found a new label home with Grand Slamm/I.R.S. Records for "Poetic Justice", released in 1992, with Darrin DeLatte (bass guitar) and the former Dirty Looks member Gene Barnett (drums) replacing Stratton and King, respectively. The album peaked on the Billboard Top Heatseekers at No. 28, the band's biggest success to date, in part based on the strength of the single, "True Believer". Returning to the studio with the Swedish producer Leif Mases, the group issued "Psychoschizophrenia" in 1993, with Tommy Scott replacing Barnett on drums. Unable to capitalize on their previous success, Lillian Axe disbanded in 1995. Taylor formed The Bridge, while Blaze teamed up with his brother, the drummer Craig Nunenmacher, in Near Life Experience, and Scott, aka Tommy Stewart, found success with Boston's Godsmack, appearing on the band's platinum selling "Godsmack" and "Awake" albums.
In 1999, Lillian Axe released "Fields of Yesterday", consisting of unreleased demos and album outtakes, followed by "Live 2002", recorded in May 2002 in Houston, Texas, with only Taylor and Blaze remaining from the classic MCA line-up.
After several line-up changes, the band recruited as lead vocalist Derrick LeFevre, who appeared on "Waters Rising" (2007), "Sad Day on Planet Earth" (2009) and "Deep Red Shadows" (2010). On June 23, 2010, Ronny Munroe, formerly of Metal Church, replaced LeFevre, but he departed four months later before recording any material with the band. He was replaced by Brian C. Jones who can be heard on the latest album, "XI The Days Before Tomorrow" (2012).
On August 8, 2013, Lillian Axe was involved in an automobile accident.
Lillian Axe released "One Night in the Temple", an acoustic live album, in spring of 2014.
Acclaim.
On May 16, 2010, in Erwinville, Louisiana, Lilian Axe became the first hard rock act to be inducted into The Louisiana Music Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5916365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916365" title="The Grell">
The Grell

"The Grell" is an episode of "The Outer Limits" television show. It first aired on 12 February 1999.
Plot.
The Grells were rescued from their dry and dying planet by humans, only to be turned into slaves on Earth. Now the aliens are rebelling against their masters, fighting a guerrilla war against a government led by men like High Secretary Paul Kohler.
When a jet carrying Paul, his wife Olivia and their children is shot down by a missile, his Grell slaves Jesha and Ep have the opportunity to escape. Ep breaks for freedom and is killed when Paul activates the electronic slave collar that all grells must wear. Jesha, driven by his love for Paul's children Sara and Ken, stays and rescues his master's family from the jet's twisted wreckage. Despite his horror at Ep's death and Paul's brutal treatment of him, Jesha remains loyal to the humans. He rescues Sara when the rebel slave leader Shak-el captures her. Then he uses his Grell alchemy to heal Paul, who has been mortally wounded in a fire fight with a Grell rebel.
When Jesha saves Paul, however, the master becomes a half-breed; his skin changes to a mottled yellow, like a Grell's, and he is able to see ultraviolet light by day and heat at night. Paul also begins to see the world from a Grell point of view. He's horrified when he comes across a rebel settlement, where men, women and children have been massacred by federal troops.
And he's terrified when a federal soldier, Lt. Lockhart, captures him and slaps a slave collar on him, believing him to be a Grell rebel. Later, Grell rebels attack Lt. Lockhart, and Paul was able to escape during the confusion. Paul reunited with his family inside a hut of the Grell village. Hidden from sight, Paul and his family sees the Grell rebels drag Jesha to the village. The rebel leader asks Jesha for the location of his master. Jesha sees the family hiding in the hut, but refuses to tell. The Grell rebel leader than uses Paul's hand remote, which fell during Paul and Jesha's fight, to make Jesha's slave collar electrocute him. The Grell rebel leader asks Jesha many times and Jesha refuses. The Grell rebel leader in tears asks Jesha "Don't you love your people?" Jesha, weakened from the torture, replies, "I love the future." With that the Grell rebel leader electrocutes Jesha beyond all medical help. Just then the village is attacked by an air strike, killing all the Grell rebels. A human military force arrived at the village. Paul and his family came out of the hut. Paul knees over Jesha, then removes his collar, telling him, "At least you die free." Jesha smiles and passes away. Paul orders the Colonel in charge of the military unit to give proper burials to all the Grells that had died.

</doc>
<doc id="5916368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916368" title="Daughter of Kwok-A Incident">
Daughter of Kwok-A Incident

The Daughter of Kwok-A Incident () is the popular term for a controversial Social Welfare case in Hong Kong during 1986. The handling of the incident by then Director of Social Welfare (later Chief Secretary for Administration) Anson Chan drew heavy criticism from the Hong Kong press at the time.
Background.
The press in Hong Kong first reported on a potential child abuse case earlier in 1986. The report was about a 6-year-old child, the daughter of Kwok Ah, who was illegally detained by her mother at their public housing flat in the Kwai Hing district of Hong Kong. It was suspected at the time that the mother, Wong Yuen-siu, was mentally unstable, a claim that was backed by her constant swearing in public.
Action and conclusion.
After the Social Welfare Department investigated the case, the department, with authorisation from Anson Chan, broke into the housing flat and forcibly separated the child from her mother under a child and mother protection law. The daughter was sent to the a child home facility after the break-in, and the mother was sent to a local hospital for evaluations.
For years after the incident, the Social Welfare Department, for reasons of child abuse, barred visits between Kwok Ah-nui and her mother, but it was later dropped in favour of no more than two visits a week.
Media reaction.
The Kwok-A Incident drew heavy discussions and criticism from the Hong Kong media, with many criticising the Social Welfare Department for flagrant abuse of power. Many also questioned the necessity of breaking into a house and separating a family by force.
Aftermath.
Afterwards, the Hong Kong government investigated the entire incident, and released a report which suggested a number of rules, such as reserving breaking into a house to forcibly separate a family for the most extreme of circumstances.
As a result of the report findings, the Social Welfare Department established emergency case units and psychological services in an effort to prevent the recurrence of such an incidence.
The political career of Anson Chan was also tainted for a time. Many criticised her for being too authoritarian and inconsiderate. The criticism, however, has long died down, and few mainstream opinions now attack Chan for her role in this matter
The Kwok-A Incident has long faded into popular memory as a product of the 80's. Although there are certain social welfare cases in recent times that were lauded as another Kwok-A Incident, nothing of this magnitude has materialised, and the "breaking and entering" rules that were the center of controversy have not been practised for a considerable amount of time.
References.
All of the content of this article comes from the equivalent Chinese Wikipedia article, accessed on 11 Jul. 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5916377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916377" title="National College of Natural Medicine">
National College of Natural Medicine

National College of Natural Medicine (NCNM) is a school of naturopathic medicine and Classical Chinese medicine located in Portland, Oregon, United States. Founded in 1956, it is the oldest programmatically of the seven accredited naturopathic medical schools in North America. Until July 1, 2006, NCNM was known as the National College of Naturopathic Medicine. The school has approximately 553 students.
The historic building that has served as NCNM's main campus since 1996 was built in 1912 as an elementary school named School (in honor of former mayor Josiah Failing) and from 1961 until the 1990s was a Portland Community College campus.
Academic programs.
NCNM has three schools: The School of Naturopathic Medicine, the School of Classical Chinese medicine and the School of Research and Graduate Studies. It offers four professional graduate degree programs: The Doctor of Naturopathic Medicine (ND), Master of Science in Integrative Medicine Research (MSiMR), Master of Science in Oriental Medicine (MSOM), and Master of Acupuncture (MAc). These programs include preparation and clinical practice in Holism.
The Doctor of Naturopathic Medicine is a four-year program that trains students to become primary care physicians with an expertise in natural medicine, while preparing graduates to sit for board examinations in states and provinces that license naturopathic physicians.
The School of Research and Graduate Studies offers a two-year Master of Science in Integrative Medical Research (MSiMR), a program for students interested in complementary and alternative medicine. The Master of Science in Oriental Medicine (MSOM) program is a four-year program in the classical foundations of Chinese medicine. Students receive training in herbalism, acupuncture, moxibustion, Asian bodywork, qigong and nutrition. The Master of Acupuncture (MAc) is a three-year program focusing on classical acupuncture and moxibustion, and providing a shorter course of study, with less theory and herbal instruction. Beginning in summer 2014, the School of Research and graduate Studies will also offer a one-year Master of Science in Nutrition (MScN), a program that will focus on diets based on whole, unprocessed foods, offering training in cooking, teaching and nutrition counseling.
NCNM is a member of the American Association of Naturopathic Medical Colleges and is accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities, the Council on Naturopathic Medical Education and the Accreditation Commission for Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine.
NCNM Clinic.
The NCNM Clinic is a teaching clinic where licensed naturopathic doctors and acupuncturists work with and train students. It is owned and managed by the college. The clinic features a medicinary, private offices, conference rooms and a state-licensed laboratory.
The college also has a community clinic, in conjunction with other agencies and as a member of the Coalition of Community Clinics, which offers low-cost naturopathic care and acupuncture in the Portland metropolitan area. In 2013, the NCNM Community Clinics provided services to more than 40,000 patients.
History.
National College of Natural Medicine is the oldest programmatically accredited naturopathic medical school in North America. NCNM began in the early 1950s, in response to the termination of the naturopathic program at Western States Chiropractic College. Members of the profession from Oregon, Washington and British Columbia planned the founding of the College and in May 1956, Charles Stone, W. Martin Bleything and Frank Spaulding executed the Articles of Incorporation of the National College of Naturopathic Medicine in Portland, Oregon.
NCNM opened other satellite campus locations in Seattle and Kansas. NCNM's board of trustees and college administration (including John Bastyr, Joe Boucher, Robert Fleming, Gerald Farnsworth, Joe Pizzorno and Bruce Canvasser) decided to unify all of its campus locations in Portland. The first physical location owned by the college was the Market Street campus in southeast Portland.
By 1995, the college began negotiations to purchase its current location in downtown Portland. Classes were relocated to this campus in September 1996 and clinical education was housed in two clinics (Natural Health Center and the Pettygrove Clinic). In 2009, these clinics were consolidated into one location on campus, the NCNM Clinic.
In July 2006, NCNM changed its name to National College of Natural Medicine.
In the fall of 1992, the college began plans for the development of a curriculum for Oriental medicine. Permission to offer a Master of Science in Oriental Medicine (MSOM) degree was granted in June 1998, and the first MSOM class graduated that month. Permission to offer the Master of Acupuncture degree was granted in 2008, and the first class started in fall 2008.
The college has more than 2,500 alumni. Approximately 50% of the licensed naturopathic physicians practicing in the United States are graduates of NCNM.
History of the building.
NCNM's building was constructed in 1912 as an elementary school in the Portland Public Schools system, named School. It was a replacement for an 1883-built wooden school building with that name, located about two blocks away, which had been torn down in 1922. The NCNM building was designed by Whitehouse & Fouilhoux, the architectural firm of Morris H. Whitehouse and Jacques Fouilhoux. A distinctive feature is the sundial, instead of a traditional clock, adorning the south façade near the roof.
In June 1996, Bill Naito's company, H. Naito Corporation, purchased the building, with tentative plans to convert it into condominiums. Bill Naito said that part of his motivation was to save the historic structure. Naito died suddenly in May 1996, and the plans to convert the building were dropped. A few months later, in September 1996, the Naito Corp. sold the building to the National College of Naturopathic Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="5916379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916379" title="Howard Dyck">
Howard Dyck

Howard Dyck, CM (November 17, 1942) is a Canadian conductor and broadcaster. He was born in Winkler, Manitoba. Based in Waterloo, Ontario, he has had a long and distinguished career in classical music. 
He is the Artistic Director Emeritus of the Grand Philharmonic Choir (formerly known as the Kitchener Waterloo Philharmonic Choir) and chamber singers and is the Conductor Emeritus of the Bach Elgar Choir of Hamilton. He currently serves as the Artistic Director of Consort Caritatis Choir and Orchestra. 
Education.
After studying in Canada and the United States, he took advanced studies in Choral, Orchestral and Opera Conducting at the Hochschule für Musik Detmold, Germany under Prof. Martin Stephani and the Internationale Bachakadamie, Stuttgart, Germany under Prof. Helmuth Rilling.
Professional experience.
Howard Dyck's professional career has taken him to eighteen countries on three continents. 
He became the Artistic Director of the Kitchener Waterloo Philharmonic Choir (later renamed the Grand Philharmonic Choir) in 1972, and served in that role until his retirement in 2010. 
He is the co-founder (1994) of Consort Caritatis, a charitable performing ensemble that donates profits derived from musical performances and recordings to various humanitarian causes.
He has led choirs under his direction on eleven international tours, across Europe and to China. He has also conducted a variety of European, Canadian and Chinese orchestras.
Performers under Howard Dyck's direction.
Many renowned soloists have performed under his direction. These performers include Karina Gauvin, Ben Heppner, Richard Margison, Michael Schade and Russell Braun.
Broadcasting.
Howard Dyck is known across Canada as the former host of the CBC radio programmes "Choral Concert" and "Saturday Afternoon at the Opera". He has also appeared as a freelance television host and commentator on topics that fall in his areas of expertise.
Public speaking.
Mr Dyck is much sought after for his public speaking and was master of ceremonies at the Opera Canada Ruby Awards in 2002 and 2003. He gave the keynote address at the national convention of the Association of Canadian Choral Conductors in 1990 and 2004, and was the first lecturer of the Slater-Maguire Lectures in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Published music.
Mr Dyck has conducted on a number of CD releases, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5916386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916386" title="North Western Refrigerator Line">
North Western Refrigerator Line

The North Western Refrigerator Line (NWX) was a Chicago, Illinois-based private refrigerator car line established in 1924, one of the last such companies to be formed. Between 1924 and 1940 the company acquired more than 3,000 used wood refrigerator cars originally built by the American Car and Foundry Company, and leased the former Ringling Brothers Circus railroad car plant in Baraboo, Wisconsin to serve as a car shop.
The NWX was closely allied with the Chicago and North Western Railway as several officials also held positions at the C&NW. In 1946 the North American Car Company purchased the NWX, though all cars continued to carry the NWX reporting marks. During the 1950s the fleet was rebuilt at North American's Green Bay, Hudson, and Baraboo facilities. North American closed the Baraboo shops in December 1963 as new mechanical reefers were being purchased, and refurbishment of wood cars was no longer required. By 1978, only 25 NWX cars were left in service. When North American was taken over by General Electric Railcar in 1984, the few remaining cars were stored, and dismantled soon thereafter.
Preserved NWX reefers #19769, #19781, and #19786 are on display at the Mid-Continent Railway Museum in North Freedom, Wisconsin.
North Western Refrigerator Line Roster, 1930–1960:
Source: "The Great Yellow Fleet", p. 16.

</doc>
<doc id="5916391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916391" title="Let's Hear It for the Boy (song)">
Let's Hear It for the Boy (song)

"Let's Hear It for the Boy" is the second number-one song for Deniece Williams and appeared on the soundtrack to the feature film, "Footloose". It climbed to number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in 1984, as well as number one on the dance and R&B charts, and peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Song, was certified platinum in the US, gold in Canada and silver in the UK by the RIAA, Music Canada and the British Phonographic Industry respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="5916397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916397" title="William &quot;Tiger&quot; Dunlop">
William &quot;Tiger&quot; Dunlop

Dr. William Dunlop (19 November 1792 – 29 June 1848) also known as Tiger Dunlop was an army officer, surgeon, Canada Company official, author, justice of the peace, militia officer, politician, and office holder. He is notable for his contributions to the War of 1812 in Canada, his work in the Canada Company and later as a Member of Parliament for the 1st Parliament of the Province of Canada, Canada West, Huron.
Early life and education.
Tiger Dunlop was born 19 November 1792 in Greenock, Scotland, the third son of a local banker Alexander Dunlop and Janet Graham. He pursued his medical studies at the University of Glasgow and in London.
In January 1813 Dunlop joined the army as a hospital mate, a month later was posted as an assistant surgeon in the 89th Regiment of Foot. He was first posted to the Isle of Wight, later leaving for Quebec in August 1813. His Canadian experiences can be read in "Recollections of the American War of 1812–1814".
Origins of the nickname "Tiger".
Dunlop was known under a variety of nicknames, but the one that has lasted and remains with him to this day is "Tiger". In Upper Canada, he was also known as The Doctor, Peter Poundtext, or Ursa Major and often as The Backwoodsman.
The nickname "Tiger" is supposed to have been given to him during his time in India. Some sources describe it as Dunlop participating in a sport; others describe it as a business trip. The combination of two seems to be more inline with Dunlop’s character. The business trip included a cull of the Saugor Island tigers.
Stories of the legend.
During his time and certainly after William Tiger Dunlop became a legend. It was common for people to seek him out just for the pleasure of having been said to have met Tiger Dunlop. The stories that surrounded him became the stuff of legend; some verifiable, some not.
Impersonating a general.
Dunlop and a fellow army friend had been ordered to join their regiment on the Niagara frontier two hundred and eighty miles from their present location in Kingston. Although the road from Kingston to Niagara had many post houses, they were not well supplied and junior officers came in low in the pecking order. It became common for Dunlop and friend to find worn out nags available as their transportation. Being in a hurry, the two men decided to speed up the process and gave themselves instant promotions. Dunlop became a major-general and the friend became his aide. The “aide” demanded good horses for his general who had apparently been sent by the Duke of Wellington to instruct Sir Gordon Drummond on how to conduct the campaign. With no shortage of the theatrical in their nature, the imposters pulled off the hoax and rode good horses. Dunlop was twenty-two at the time.
Regiment of the Bloody Useless.
During the Rebellions of 1837, William Dunlop, who had become a Colonel, was requested to raise a militia unit that would become known as the 1st Regiment Huron Militia. The Regiment consisted of some 600 badly outfitted and ill-equipped men. The Regiment experienced great difficulty obtaining even the most rudimentary supplies according to the Memorial by Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor 1st Regiment Huron Militia to the House of Assembly of the Province of Upper Canada in Provincial Parliament Assembled. Dunlop nicknamed the militia unit "The Bloody Useless." Little wonder that the 1st Regiment Huron Militia played no significant role in any of the activities of the Rebellions. Notwithstanding that Dunlop was still an employee of the Canada Company while engaged in this Militia activity, Dunlop took it upon himself to commandeer supplies and food from the Canada Company so that his soldiers could eat and defend themselves.
Marriage.
William and his brother Robert shared a home near Goderich, Ontario at Gairbraid. Being both bachelors and unaccustomed to domestic work, they sent home to Scotland for a housekeeper. Louisa McColl arrived in Canada to take care of the two brothers. Shortly after, tongues began wagging and it soon became clear that Louisa’s situation was insupportable and she would need to either marry or leave the country. Robert and William decided McColl was irreplaceable and tossed a coin to see which brother would marry Louisa. William supplied the coin and Robert lost the toss; after the wedding it became known that William had supplied a coin with the same face on both sides. Robert never objected.
Gairbraid is now known as Saltford, Ontario.
Crossing the US border.
Dunlop was fond of snuff, a tobacco product. Like any other consumable, Dunlop enjoyed snuff in large quantities. The box in which he carried his snuff, he called The Coffin. Crossing the Canada/US border, a US inspector found it doubtful that the amount of snuff carried with him was just for personal use. Dunlop is said to have tossed a handful of snuff in the air, then snorting it as it fell around him. He said: “There, that’s what I want it for; that’s the way I use it".
Nails in a barrel.
Enjoying a good practical joke, Dunlop and a friend were passing the time in a Goderich store. A porcupine had been deposited in a barrel normally used for nails. As each person came into the store Dunlop would request help in getting a few nails. Dunlop’s delight in shocking was spontaneous.
Life in Canada.
War of 1812.
Upon leaving Britain on the 4th of February 1813, he was appointed assistant surgeon to the 89th (The Princess Victoria's) Regiment of Foot. The regiment was posted to Upper Canada during the War of 1812 in time to participate in the Battle of Crysler's Farm and the Battle of Lundy's Lane.
Like other war doctors, Dunlop was faced with seemingly impossible tasks. After the Battle of Chippawa, Dunlop worked alone on 220 men from both armies because no other surgeons were available. The story continues that Dunlop worked alone for more than two full days, barely sitting down and stopping only to eat and change clothes. He played a more active role in the assault on Fort Erie on 15 August 1814, carrying about a dozen injured men out of the range of fire and providing survivors with basic necessities. He served with a road-cutting party near Penetanguishene in the spring of 1815.
Rebellions of 1837.
During the Rebellions of 1837, Dunlop commanded the Huron Regiment in Upper Canada nicknamed The Bloody Useless. The rebellion was short-lived and led by the radicals fighting for responsible government. The Huron Regiment consisted of approximately 600 men with primitive arms and few resources. Dunlop commandeered supplies and food from Canada Company stores for the benefit of his men, leading to demands from the Canada Company for his withdrawal from militia activities. Dunlop refused, but resigned from the company later in 1838.
Tiger Dunlop was Colonel and 1st Commanding Officer of the 1st Regiment Huron Militia. Dunlop called out the unit in December 1837. The regiment was made up of Colborne men with the surrounding townships supplying many of the men. Dunlop drilled his men in Read's Tavern while scavenging for blankets, coats, boot and more.
Colonel Dunlop had five company commanders: Henry Hyndman, Thomas W. Luard, W.F.Gooding, Daniel Home Lizars, and Captain Annand. Late in December the government dispatches orders to the 1st Hurons and on December 25 Dunlop dispatches as follows:
Unprepared and poorly managed as the rebels were, the Rebellion of 1837 Upper Canada was quickly over. The Regiment of the Bloody Useless saw no action. Dunlop worked fiercely to ensure that his men were paid for their three months of service.
The Canada Company.
In 1825 Tiger Dunlop was appointed Warden of the Woods and Forests by John Galt of the Canada Company. The position involved inspecting the company lands to protect them and the selection of land to be sold for profit. This position put Tiger Dunlop as second-in-command to Galt in Upper Canada of 1825. In 1829, Galt resigned his position. As was the custom of the day, positions such as that held by Dunlop were personal appointments − he was in some danger of losing his position, but managed to keep it. In 1833 he was appointed the General Superintendent of the Huron Tract. It was at this time that Dunlop published Statistical Sketches of Upper Canada to encourage young people to come to Canada.
Tiger was present at the founding of Guelph, the company headquarters for the Canada Company, and built his home north of Goderich.
Member of Parliament, Province of Canada.
Tiger Dunlop left the Canada Company in 1838. Three years later his brother Robert Graham Dunlop died leaving his parliamentary seat vacant. The seat was contested both by a Canada Company official, James McGill Strachan and Tiger Dunlop. Tiger was declared not elected. Tiger appealed the election results and won. On the appeal being allowed, he took his seat 20 August 1841. Tiger was a colourful character and made interesting speeches and wrote direct letters to the newspapers of Toronto. Dunlop's short foray into journalism gave him the knowledge of the trade to catch the eyes of the editors in London, England.
When Dunlop resigned from the Canada Company the divisions in Huron County became more evident where the Canada Company provided some with a living and others with obstacles to overcome. Dunlop became the natural leader of a group known as the Colbornites, an anti-Company group.
In February 1841 Robert Dunlop, who had represented Huron in the assembly since 1835, died. The union of Upper and Lower Canada took place shortly after Robert Dunlop's death. In the subsequent election later that year William ran against the Canada Company’s choice, James McGill Strachan, son of the bishop and brother-in-law of Thomas Mercer Jones. Although Strachan had had little chance of winning, he was declared elected. Dunlop's subsequent appeal was successful and he was awarded the seat. In the general election of 1844 Dunlop ran unopposed.
Despite his flamboyant character and occasional radical stances, in the legislature Dunlop took a moderate tory position. He became notable for his humour. In 1841 he chaired a committee to hear the grievances of the exiled radical Robert Fleming Gourlay. Dunlop's report was an even-handed treatment of Gourlay's situation
Voting record.
Dunlop’s record as a parliamentarian demonstrates that he did not vote along party lines. This is not an exhaustive list, but a list that is meant to provide some insight into the thought and ideology of a man of contradictions who genuinely spans the Tory to Reform spectrum in the early days of Canada.
1st Warden of the District of Huron.
As a member of Parliament, Dunlop was appointed as the 1st Warden of the District of Huron. With his experience as the Canada Company Warden of the Woods, Dunlop was uniquely qualified for this work. However, his methods often left questions in the minds of those around him and he was replaced in 1846.
Resignation.
Tiger resigned his seat in 1846. It is not clear why he did so. However, two reasons are generally cited for the resignation; health and alcohol. The years spent living in the primitive forests of Canada and the ever increasing use of alcohol appear to have taken a toll. William Tiger Dunlop was a tired and sick man.
Tiger was not taken seriously in Parliament or in the newspaper editorials of the day. Unfortunately, the two political concepts of the Parliament of Canada that he could not absorb were responsible government and the concept of group or social liberty. Dunlop firmly believed in individual liberty and in patronage. Moreover, Dunlop was far ahead of his time on other issues, such as education, professional independence, commerce and the rights of French Canadians. Dunlop was tired of the fight and the irrelevant place he had carved for himself in Parliament with his outspokenness.
Tory ministers William Henry Draper and Denis-Benjamin Viger apparently wanted their colleague Inspector General William Cayley to have a safe seat in parliament and looked to Huron. Dunlop was offered the superintendency of the Lachine Canal in return for his seat. To the surprise of all, Dunlop accepted the post. Tiger Dunlop died within two years of leaving the legislature on 29 June 1848, at the age of 56 and was buried first in Hamilton and then in Goderich, Upper Canada.
Plaque.
Text from the Tiger Dunlop Plaque, which can be found near his gravesite in Goderich, Ontario.
Works.
Dunlop's writing are best known for their depiction of Canadian frontier life in the Huron Tract. Dunlop wrote the following works under both the Backwoodsman and William Dunlop:

</doc>
<doc id="5916428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916428" title="PHHS">
PHHS

PHHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5916494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916494" title="The Philosopher Kings (album)">
The Philosopher Kings (album)

The Philosopher Kings is the debut album from Canadian R&B musicians The Philosopher Kings, released in 1996 (see 1996 in music).
The album earned the group a Juno Award nomination for Best R&B/Soul Recording of the Year.
Special Guests:

</doc>
<doc id="5916496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916496" title="Panoz Roadster">
Panoz Roadster

The Panoz Roadster is a sports car launched in 1992 by the American manufacturer Panoz Auto Development Company of Georgia. The Roadster was succeeded by the AIV Roadster in 1997. They were built using aluminum, similar to that of the Plymouth Prowler first sold several years later in 1997. The Panoz Roadster was the first American built aluminum intensive vehicle.
Development.
Panoz had purchased the rights to a frame designed by Frank Costin used in a defunct Irish sportscar called the TMC Costin. Panoz had Freeman Thomas design a new body for the car. Aluminum body panels were produced by Superform USA, resulting in bodywork both light and strong. Ford Mustang running gear, engine, and transmission were used, as was a solid rear axle and independent front suspension. A seven man crew built the first ten cars, and other workers were added later to the production team. The Costin chassis was never put under a production car, instead the early Roadsters featured a TIG welded stainless steel tubing frame, and extensive use of CNC machined and stamped parts.
Roadster.
The Roadster had no top or tonneau cover, and no provision or intention of having either. No automatic transmission was offered, only the manual 5-speed. A small heater core delivered warmth to the windshield for defrosting, since the US DOT requirements mandated it. There was no radio, no heater, no air conditioner, and further more no place to install any of those.
Some Roadsters were fitted with a custom engraved plate atop the intake manifold with the owner’s name and the Panoz logo. A few cars were built to a factory specification, but most were custom ordered by the individual buyers.
There were a number of changes that took place over the course of production, but in general the cars were quite similar. Roadster production continued to 1995. Two prototypes were built, and a further 44 cars were manufactured and sold to the public.
AIV Roadster.
Starting in 1994 Panoz developed an aluminum chassis for the Roadster. This new chassis would both reduce assembly time (yet 350 man hours were still put into each copy), and reduce weight improving performance. In 1996 a new prototype was unveiled, which differed substantially from the original car. It had an extruded aluminum space frame with a central backbone. Special adhesives were used to attach the frame and body. Equally important, an entirely new drive train was used, the 1996 Mustang SVT Cobra all aluminum, V-8 DOHC 32 valve motor. Consequently the new Roadster was at approximately 70% aluminum and was dubbed an Aluminum Intensive Vehicle, the AIV Roadster.
The new engine produced and of torque. Combined with the lighter chassis this increased the car's power-to-weight ratio significantly. With the weight savings, an air conditioner was installed with little overall weight or performance change.
The last year the AIV Roadster was made was 1999, when 10 were modified with special paint, supercharged, and signed to create the Signature Edition 2000 Panoz AIV Roadster. Total production of the AIV consisted of 6 prototypes and a further 176 production models sold to the public. Some cars built in 1999 were not sold until 2000.
The AIV Roadster was succeeded by the Panoz Esperante.
Video Games.
The Panoz Roadster has been featured in the Midtown Madness racing game series.
The car also more recently features in rFactor 2.

</doc>
<doc id="5916501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916501" title="Union Falls">
Union Falls

Union Falls ht. is a waterfall on Mountain Ash Creek, a tributary of the Fall River in the "Cascade Corner" (southwest) of Yellowstone National Park. It is the second highest waterfall in Yellowstone exceeded in height only by the lower Yellowstone Falls. The falls got its name from members of the Arnold Hague Geological Surveys sometime between 1884-86. Geologist J.P. Iddings claims the name derives from the fact that a tributary of Mountain Ash Creek joins at the very brink of the falls, thus "Union Falls". Access to the falls is via the Mountain Ash Creek trail and the Grassy Lake Road.

</doc>
<doc id="5916509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916509" title="NGC 1032">
NGC 1032

NGC 1032 is a spiral galaxy that is about 117 million light-years away in the constellation Cetus.

</doc>
<doc id="5916518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916518" title="Off the grid">
Off the grid

Off-the-grid is a term to describe housing not connected to public utilities. 
Off the grid may also refer to:
See also.
Colloquially, it may refer tangentially to, among other ideas:

</doc>
<doc id="5916520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916520" title="Anime Vegas">
Anime Vegas

Anime Vegas is an annual three day anime convention held during November at various locations around Las Vegas, Nevada, the most recent being the Renaissance-Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="5916521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916521" title="Da Sky's da Limit">
Da Sky's da Limit

"Da Sky's da Limit" is the fourth album by Houston rapper Big Pokey.

</doc>
<doc id="5916523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916523" title="Moderato Wisintainer">
Moderato Wisintainer

Moderato Wisintainer, also Visintainer, in line-ups generally Moderato, (14 July 1902 in Alegrete (RS)– 31 January 1986 in Pelotas (RS)) was a Brazilian association footballer. Moderato, who played on the right wing, took part with the Brazilian national football team at the first World Cup in 1930 in Uruguay. In the 1920s he won twice the Championship of Rio de Janeiro with CR Flamengo. On several occasions he also played for the state teams of Rio and Rio Grande do Sul.
During his youth he played for EC 14 de Julho of Santana do Livramento (RS) before joining Guarani FC in his town of birth. In 1921 he moved to the newly founded club "Palestra Itália", today known as Cruzeiro EC in Belo Horizonte, the capital of the state of Minas Gerais, where he stayed until 1922.
1923 he joined CR Flamengo in the then Brazilian capital Rio de Janeiro. Until 1930 he played in 147 matches for Flamengo scoring 27 goals. In 1925 and 1927 he won with the club the Championship of Rio de Janeiro. In the decisive match of the 1927 competition he scored the winning goal in a 2-1 victory over America FC, albeit being handicapped with a brace protecting a him after a recent appendix operation.
He debuted for the Brazilian national team on 6 December 1925 in a 5-2 win over Paraguay in the South American Championship in Buenos Aires. He played three more matches for Brazil in this tournament, which finished second behind the hosts. In the first edition of the World Cup, 1930 in Uruguay was not selected for the first match, which Brazil lost 1-2 to Yugoslavia. In the second match against Bolivia, which Brazil won 4-0, he scored two goals and he became the second player to score for Brazil in a World Cup, after Preguinho from Rio's Fluminense FC. However, Brazil did not progress to the next round of the tournament.
After the World cup he returned to his home state where he finished his football career 1932 with his original club Guarani FC in Alegrete. With Guarani he became runner-up in the Rio Grande do Sul State Championship of 1931, losing in the final 0-3 to Grêmio FBPA of the capital Porto Alegre.
Afterwards Dr. Moderato Wisintainer worked as engineer in Pelotas (RS). He also was active as functionary for Esportivo Bento Gonçalves and in later years became an avid golf player. Moderato died in January 1986 aged 83 in Pelotas.
International goals.
Brazil's goal tally first

</doc>
<doc id="5916533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916533" title="Todd Hunter">
Todd Hunter

Todd Stuart Hunter (born 22 June 1951 in Waitara) is a New Zealand musician and composer known for his involvement in the band Dragon. Their best known songs are "April Sun in Cuba", "Are You Old Enough?", "Still in Love With You", and "Rain". Hunter also composed John Farnham's hit song "Age Of Reason" with Johanna Pigott and music for film "The Girl Who Came Late" (1991) and TV series "Heartbreak High" (1994–1999).
On 1 July 2008 the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) recognised Dragon's iconic status when they were inducted into their Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Dragon - 1970s.
Hunter (bass guitar, vocals) formed Dragon in 1972 with Graeme Collins (piano, vocals), Neil Reynolds (drums) and Ray Goodwin (guitar, keyboards, vocals); the group was soon joined by Hunter's younger brother Marc Hunter (vocals) and moved to Australia in 1975. The band toured Australasia, America and Europe and their songs from that time, "April Sun In Cuba", "Are You Old Enough?" and "Still in Love With You" are still played on radio.
Jen Brown.
Hunter's first wife was poet, artist, writer Jen Jewel Brown (aka Jennifer Hunter Brown) who had written "Million Dollar Riff" (1975) a book describing Australian band Skyhooks prior to their first tour of US. Hunter and Brown co-wrote "Politics" and "Company" for Dragon's album "O Zambezi" (1978). Brown introduced Hunter to violinist Richard Lee who then played violin on "Civilization" for "O Zambezi" as a session musician before joining Dragon in February 1979. Follow up album "Power Play" (1979) had disappointing sales by comparison, and despite Dragon having sold over a million records in the 1970s, they first broke up on New Year's Eve of 1979.
Johanna Pigott.
After the , Hunter became a record producer for bands like the infamous NZ punk band Toy Love and others. He produced two albums for XL Capris, a Sydney-based punk band, which included vocalist & bass guitarist Johanna Pigott. She and Hunter became partners and in 1981 he joined the band as guitar player.
Dragon - 1980s.
When in 1982, Hunter and Pigott co-wrote the song "Rain" (with Marc Hunter), which went to #2 in 1983.
Around this time Hunter (usually with Pigott) became involved with film and TV scoring and found that he was far more suited to the discipline of working in a studio to a deadline than playing in a live band. Pigott (co-creator, screenwriter and performer) and Hunter (guitarist and songwriter) were involved in Australian ABC-TV series "Sweet and Sour" (1984). Hunter's first wife, Jen Brown also wrote "Hip Romeo" for "Sweet and Sour".
Nevertheless, Dragon toured Europe with Tina Turner in 1986–1987 promoting the "Dreams Of Ordinary Men" album produced by Todd Rundgren. At that time the band consisted of Marc Hunter (lead vocal), Hunter on bass, legendary guitar player Tommy Emmanuel, Alan Mansfield from Robert Palmer's band on keyboards and Doane Perry from Jethro Tull on drums.
On that tour Hunter hauled a large road case containing a portable studio through Europe and on it he wrote and recorded the scores for many imaginary movies. It was on that same Box that the Dragon hit single "Celebrate" was recorded in hotel rooms around the world with David Hershfelder producing. In 1987 while on tour (Dragon was briefly called Hunter) with Turner, John Farnham asked Hunter and Pigott to write a song for his next album. They wrote "Age Of Reason", which went to #1 in Australia for four weeks from 30 July and was a top 10 hit in Germany and Canada in 1989. "Age Of Reason" won the APRA 'Most Performed Australasian Popular Song' of the year award for 1989. After selling another million records worldwide in the 1980s Dragon disbanded again in 1995.
Film and TV scoring.
From 1994 to 1999 Hunter was the composer for the hit TV Series Heartbreak High and wrote and recorded the 7500 cues that underscored the series. The theme song was nominated for 1994 APRA Television Theme of the Year. Hunter and Pigott also wrote over 20 songs for the series (mostly performed by Abi Tucker, Fleur Beaupert or themselves). Other TV series Hunter worked on included "Headstart" and "Out There".
Hunter and Pigott composed original music for film: "The Girl Who Came Late" aka "Daydream Believer" (1991), and "Alex" aka "Alex: The Spirit of a Champion" (1993). "Alex (theme)" aka "Aotearoa" was written by Hunter and "For the Rest of My Life" by Hunter and Pigott.
In 2008 Hunter worked on the BBC/Southern Star TV serial 'Out of the Blue' in conjunction with composer Stephen Rae and composed the music for the series Pride Of Australia in 2009.
Dragon - 2000s.
In 2006 Todd Hunter reformed Dragon with Mark Williams, Bruce Reid and Pete Drummond; they recorded "Sunshine to Rain" for Liberation Blue Records. Dragon toured Australia to promote their 2008 CD "Dragon Remembers" which was an affectionate look at great Australian Anthems recorded by friends and colleagues no longer with us. Dragon were inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame on 1 July 2008, Hunter stated that they had switched from acoustic performances to fully electric because fans were singing so loud the band couldn't be heard. In 2010 Dragon released the first studio album of new songs for 20 years entitled "Happy I Am" followed by the EP
"Chase The Sun" in 2011 and the EP "The Great Divide" in 2012. Dragon have played over 500 shows since the reformation. The band played the "Long Way To The Top" series of concerts in October 2012 then embarked on a 16 date "40th Anniversary National Tour" of New Zealand in mid October. To mark the occasion Liberation Records released "The Dragon Years" a 40 song compilation CD. Dragon played 20 shows on The Red Hot Summer Tour around Australia in early 2013 and kicked off their 40th Anniversary Concert Series at The Sydney Opera House in April 2013.
As of July 2014 the reformed Dragon have played over 600 shows.In November 2013 the band mounted a 20 date acoustic tour in cathedrals and churches in New Zealand. In 2014 they Toured Australia from March through to the end of June with The Trilogy Tour, a tour that featured the three main eras of the band, The Young Years (1970s), The Glory Years (1980s) and The Phoenix Years (2006 on).
Dragon's new album ROSES is being launched at The Basement in Sydney in September.
The band is booked every weekend till Christmass 2014, They tour NZ the first week of January 2015 then take their first annual Endless Summer Tour up the East Coast of Australia for the remaining three weeks of January. The band are playing Day On The Green concerts with Roxette in February.

</doc>
<doc id="5916545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916545" title="Toypedo">
Toypedo

The Toypedo is a hand-launched non motorized projectile developed by Swimways Corporation for the SwimWays brand. It is a streamlined, fin-stabilized hydrodynamic design resembling a torpedo or a sonar device called a pinger, and painted a variety of bright colors in newer models or molded of brightly colored rubber a là the Super Ball in the older, original design. It was invented by chad warner and patented as a "Hand-launchable underwater projectile toy" by Jon A. Warner may 7th 1996). It is designed to have a specific gravity of between .95 and 1.05 relative to water, giving it a neutral buoyancy. This, combined with its streamlined fin-stabilized shape gives the Toypedo its interesting ballistic properties underwater.
This pool toy is claimed to be able to travel up to thirty feet underwater with a 'strong throw'.

</doc>
<doc id="5916549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916549" title="Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974">
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974

Section 301 of the U.S. Trade Act of 1974, (, 19 U.S.C. § 2411) authorizes the President to take all appropriate action, including retaliation, to obtain the removal of any act, policy, or practice of a foreign government that violates an international trade agreement or is unjustified, unreasonable, or discriminatory, and that burdens or restricts U.S. commerce. Section 301 cases can be self-initiated by the United States Trade Representative (USTR) or as the result of a petition filed by a firm or industry group. If USTR initiates a Section 301 investigation, it must seek to negotiate a settlement with the foreign country in the form of compensation or elimination of the trade barrier. For cases involving trade agreements, the USTR is required to request formal dispute proceedings as provided by the trade agreements. 
Section 301 authorizes the President to take all appropriate action, including retaliation, to obtain the removal of any act, policy, or practice of a foreign government that violates an international trade agreement or is unjustified, unreasonable, or discriminatory, and that burdens or restricts U.S. commerce. The law does not require that the U.S. government wait until it receives authorization from the World Trade Organization (WTO) to take enforcement actions, and the President is increasingly focused on enforcing intellectual property (IP) rights (under Agreements that may be outside of the WTO) under the "Special" 301 amendments but the U.S. has committed itself to pursuing the resolution of disputes under WTO agreements through the WTO dispute settlement mechanism, which has its own timetable. 
Initiated by USTR or petition.
Section 301 cases can be self-initiated by the United States Trade Representative (USTR) or as the result of a petition filed by a firm or industry group.
As an amendment by section 1302 of the Omnibus Foreign Trade and Competitiveness Act, Super 301 required the USTR for 1989 and 1990 to issue a report on its trade priorities and to identify priority foreign countries that practiced unfair trade and priority practices that had the greatest effect on restricting U.S. exports. The USTR then would initiate a Section 301 investigation against the priority countries to obtain elimination of the practices that impeded U.S. exports, in the expectation that doing so would substantially expand U.S. exports.
If USTR initiates a Section 301 investigation, it must seek to negotiate a settlement with a foreign country in the form of compensation or elimination of the trade barrier. For cases involving trade agreements, the USTR is required to request formal dispute proceedings as provided by the trade agreements.
Super 301 Timeline.
The original Super 301 provisions expired in 1991.
However, President Clinton issued an executive order EO 12901 reactivating Super 301 for two years (1994 and 1995)
The Super 301 process was again extended through 1997 by EO 12973 (September 1995), but was not in operation in 1998.
On March 31, 1999, Super 301 again was re-instated for three years and revised by EO 13116. It required the USTR by April 30 to issue its Super 301 report on priority foreign trade practices and to initiate section 301 cases against such practices if agreement is not reached after 90 days. Neither the USTR’s April 1999 or April 2000 Super 301 report identified any priority foreign trade practices under Super 301, but USTR did announce that it would initiate Section 301 cases against trade practices in several countries. 
In its April 2001 Super 301 report, USTR did not make any designations under Super 301, but did announce that consultations (the first stage in WTO dispute settlement) had been requested with Mexico on measures affecting live swine imports, with Belgium on rice import restrictions, and with the European Union on import surcharges on corn gluten feed.
In a January 2002 letter report to the Senate Finance Committee on activities under Section 301, the USTR did not identify any priority foreign trade practices under Super 301, although it did report on other activities undertaken under Section 301-310 of the Trade Act of 1974.
Challenged.
In the 1990s, Sections 301-310 of the Trade Act were challenged by a number of Members of the World Trade Organization as contrary to the WTO Agreement, but the challenge was rejected. In their report the WTO has ruled (paras. 7.38-7.39) that taking any such actions against other WTO member countries without first securing approval under the WTO Understanding on Rules and Procedures Governing the Settlement of Disputes is, itself, a violation of the WTO Agreement.
External links.
A list of international investigations initiated by USTR or by US corporations or trade associations between 1974 and 1998, using the GATT and WTO Agreements, is available from the USTR site.
The U.S. Trade Representative annually performs a Special 301 Report, to encourage and maintain intellectual property rights (IPR) in many nations. These countries are identified from a wide range of concerns, such as troubling “indigenous innovation” policies that may unfairly disadvantage U.S. rights holders in China, the continuing challenges of copyright piracy over the Internet in countries such as Canada, Italy, and Russia, and other ongoing, systemic IPR enforcement issues presented in many trading partners around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5916553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916553" title="NGC 1042">
NGC 1042

NGC 1042 is a spiral galaxy in the Constellation
Cetus.
Nearby galaxies.
The galaxy appears near the spiral galaxy NGC 1035 in the sky, and both have similar redshifts. The two objects may therefore be physically associated with each other.

</doc>
<doc id="5916555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916555" title="Sumner Locke Elliott">
Sumner Locke Elliott

Sumner Locke Elliott (17 October 191724 June 1991) was an Australian (later American) novelist.
Biography.
Elliott was born in Sydney to the writer Helena Sumner Locke (1881–1917) and the journalist Henry Logan Elliott. His mother died of eclampsia one day after his birth. Elliott was raised by his aunts, who had a fierce custody battle over him, fictionalized in Elliott's autobiographical novel, "Careful, He Might Hear You". Elliott was educated at Cranbrook School in Bellevue Hill, Sydney.
World War II.
Elliott became an actor and writer with the Doris Fitton's Independent Theatre. He was drafted into the Australian Army in 1942, but instead of being posted overseas, he worked as a clerk in Australia. He used these experiences as the inspiration for his controversial play, "Rusty Bugles". The play toured extensively throughout Australia and achieved the notoriety of being closed down for obscenity by the Chief Secretary's Office.
However, "Rusty Bugles"' place in the history of Australian theatre rests on more than notoriety. Mac is a memorable character in the play, and in the first production, Frank O'Donnell transformed audiences' understanding of the typical Australian 'bludger' or 'scrounger'. To the men in his unit, he appeared a winner even when he was losing, but with the discovery of his wife's infidelity, his fragility becomes apparent.
Television.
Elliott moved to the United States in 1948, where he ranked in the pantheon of leading playwrights during the Golden Age of live television dramas, writing more than 30 original plays and numerous adaptations for such shows as "Philco-Goodyear Playhouse", "Kraft Television Theatre", "Studio One" and "Playhouse 90". He also wrote a play "Buy Me Blue Ribbons", which had a short run on Broadway.
In 1955, he obtained United States citizenship and did not return to Australia until 1974.
Books.
Elliott's best known novel, "Careful, He Might Hear You", won the 1963 Miles Franklin Award and was turned into a film in 1983.
Private life.
As a gay man during a time when this was socially problematic, Elliott was uncomfortable with his sexuality. He kept it secret until nearly the end of his life before coming out in his book "Fairyland". Because of these fears, Elliott had affairs but never had any stable relationships.
Death.
He died of colon cancer in New York in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="5916562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916562" title="MsChif">
MsChif

Rachel Frobel (neé Collins) is an American professional wrestler who is better known by her ring name MsChif. She has been wrestling since 2001 and in that time has worked for several independent promotions across the United States, with guest matches in England and Japan. She is known for her banshee gimmick, howling at her opponents and referees who stand in her way, as well as her unusually flexible body that allows her to perform, and be subjected to, modified submission holds.
For two years, between 2008 and 2010, she was a triple crown champion holding the NWA World Women's Championship for the second time, as well as the Shimmer Championship and the NWA Midwest Women's Championship. As well as being a two-time NWA World Champion, she is also a ChickFight tournament winner.
Professional wrestling career.
Gateway Championship Wrestling (2001–2006).
Due to the anonymity which Collins prefers to surround herself in, little is known of her life before she became a wrestler. Growing up as a fan of wrestling, she decided to try it herself in a promotion near her college. In Gateway Championship Wrestling (GCW) she trained under Johnny Greenpeace and Jack Adonis, developing the gimmick of a goth-banshee that she uses throughout her career. Her debut came on July 19, 2001 at "Hillsboro Havoc" show where she won a mid-card singles match against Christine. She quickly became a regular for their shows, often opening with singles matches against mostly men. After this she went on an undefeated streak, leading to a Four-Way Dance victory at January's "Garage Wars", earning her a title shot. Her match for Billy McNeil's Light Heavyweight Championship came the next month at "Mardi Gras Mayhem" and ended her winning streak. She quickly turned to feuding with Daizee Haze and vicariously with her allies Matt Sydal and Johnny Greenpeace. Her debut with GCW also coincided with Delirious, with whom she quickly formed an alliance under the name Diabolic Khaos. After accompanying each other to matches they debuted as a tag team, Delirious making the pin in their first match at "Season's Beatings" in November 2001 against Sydal's team, Operation Shamrock.
In May 2002 the pair aided Nikki Strychnine in an Exploding Barbed Wire and joined his Ministry of Hate, helping him retain his GCW Championship while Strychnine returned the favor and assisted MsChif in her feud with Haze, constantly involving himself in their matches. This reached a head at February 2003's "Locked N' Loaded" when another disqualification led Haze's ally, Johnny Greenpeace, to demand a tag team match between the two pairings and due to the stipulation agreed whoever made the pinfall (including MsChif) would take Strychnine's GCW Championship. Despite her alliance, MsChif was hungry for gold and constantly refused to tag in Strychnine lest he made the pinfall, eventually after the match descended into chaos with both MsChif and Strychnine pinning Greenpeace and Haze, respectively but as Strychnine and Haze were the legal pair he retained the belt. Things went awry the next day at "Desoto" when Strychnine's enemy, Jack Adonis, noticed his affections for MsChif and hit her with a chair during a title match. When Strychnine checked on her, she demanded he defend his title rather than concern himself with her and replied to his declaration of love with a slap making him easy for Adonis to pin and win the title. MsChif broke away from the Ministry of Hate afterward, attacking Strychnine after the match and engaging in a feud with him under his new gimmick of Nikodemus Ravendark, a brooding heartbroken poet. The feud culminated at GCW's "3rd Anniversary" with MsChif pinning Ravendark and him taking absence after.
While Strychnine was away, she challenged for the GCW Light Heavyweight Championship numerous times, eventually picking up the belt in May 2003 in a three way dance against Makaze and former Ministry of Hate companion OuTtKaSt. She defended the title regularly, including a two out of three falls match against Sydal. During her tenure as champion she mentored the tag team of Nightbreed (Jackal and Cabal) and used them to continue to wage war on Greenpeace and Haze. Strychnine soon returned and by July 2003 was engaged in a feud with Diabolic Khaos, using his GCW Championship to compete against Delirious as a way to get to MsChif. At "Adults Only 22" MsChif successfully defended her belt against Haze and later in the evening Strychnine and Delirious had a rematch over the GCW Championship. During the match powder was used as a weapon making it hard to see and MsChif swung her title belt accidentally knocking Delirious out with it before hitting Strychnine, but he fell over Delirious to pin him, regaining the championship. After several other meetings (in tag team matches and through managers) Strychnine finally had his chance to take revenge on MsChif when he was booked in a champion versus champion match at "Challenge of Champions III". MsChif mocked Strychnine's former affections, hugging him but slapping him straight after and fetching the ring announcer's table which she soon found herself going through with a crucifix powerbomb; Strychnine feigned sympathy by pretending to carry her back to the dressing room only to tombstone piledrive her to win the match and take both belts.
The feud between MsChif and Nikki Strychnine was voted the company's feud of the year, with MsChif also placing third best wrestler of the year. Her last match, at "Judgement Night" in March 2004 saw her wrestle in a three stages three way match with OuTtKaSt and Shawn Almighty where she won the last portion of the match, a ladder match. She officially left the company in 2005 when she was taken off the roster but made a return in May 2006 for the company's "Sixth Anniversary" event before unsuccessfully challenging former protege Jackal for the Light Heavyweight Championship the next month at "Raging Heat". She made one last appearance in November's "Holiday Havoc" show, wrestling Sean Vincent in the penultimate match of the evening.
National Wrestling Alliance.
Feuding with Daizee Haze (2004).
For 2004 MsChif fought almost exclusively for Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South (IWA:Mid-South) entering into a feud with Daizee Haze. MsChif lost her January debut match but picked up a victory in her next singles match with Haze; Haze retaliated by teaming up with Mickie Knuckles to defeat MsChif and Allison Danger at "Simply The Best V". MsChif defeated her tag team partner in the first round of a tournament to crown the first NWA Midwest Women's Champion before losing to eventual winner Lacey in the first semi-final. MsChif's attempt at a return victory came up short at "A Butcher Loose In The Highland" the following month. She found success against her rival Haze and Knuckles in a three way dance the following week at the annual King of the Deathmatch event which led to a series of wins raising her status until in October she twice challenged Mercedes Martinez for the NWA Midwest Championship. Losing by disqualification made her angry enough to interfere in Martinez's match against Mickie Knuckles two nights later at the "Eighth Anniversary Show", demanding a rematch which ended in a double count out and leading to an intense feud with Knuckles the following year. MsChif closed out the year losing to Haze via disqualification at a show for NWA No Limits.
Mickie Knuckles and the Midwest Championship (2004–2006).
MsChif's last match of 2004 saw Mickie Knuckles fail to gain a revenge victory in a no disqualification match for IWA's "Merry Funkin' Christmas" show. Going into 2005, MsChif's feud with Knuckles intensified into a savage battle which was waged for over half of the year. MsChif opened the year by continuing her dominance over Knuckles in a submission match and again in another no disqualification match for NWA No Limits. MsChif then took part in a six-way elimination match for the combined NWA Midwest/IWA Mid-South Championship where, although she lost out to Daizee Haze she was the last eliminated. After the match she continued her dominance over Knuckles at IWA East Coast in a standard singles match before returning to Mid-South for another win over her in a first blood match for "April Bloodshowers". Knuckles picked up her first singles victory over MsChif at the end of the month in a steel cage match. The loss did not prevent her from wrestling for NWA Midwest on May 7 in an NWA Midwest/IWA Mid-South Title match where she defeated the incumbent Haze.
Her first title defense came the following month in a three way dance at the ECW Arena ending in Knuckles picking up the victory and the belt. The match led to some contention outside of the ring as NWA Midwest promoter Ed Chuman vetoed the title change claiming the match was sanctioned only by IWA:Mid-South. Ian Rotten asserted Knuckles's right to the title which led to the belt being split and MsChif reigning now as solely the NWA Midwest Champion. After a successful title defense with NWA Midwest, the two champions were placed in a unification match that ended in double disqualification leaving the belts split. In September, MsChif's former rival Haze reignited their feud to challenge for her title but came up short. On the "NWA 57th Annual Convention", Haze tried to prove herself still worthy of the belt when she, alongside TJ Dalton, picked up a victory over Diabolic Khaos in a mixed tag match. After the loss, MsChif was forced to put her belt on the line in a match where Diabolic Khaos teamed up again in a 'Winner Takes All' tag team steel cage match with Delirious's NWA Midwest X Division Championship also contested. The November match saw Haze and Matt Sydal walk away with their respective championships.
By 2006 MsChif would wrestle less frequently for NWA affiliates as she began to work in other promotions. When she did wrestle with them again though, it was in February for IWA:Mid-South's "Payback" where she tried to claim back the IWA Mid-South Championship from Knuckles but was unsuccessful as the match ended in another stalemate, this time via a double pin. Her next match, at April's "We're No Joke", was a confusing affair where she teamed with IWA Mid-South champion Mickie Knuckles against Vanessa Kraven and NWA Midwest Champion Daizee Haze where both titles were on the line and if one team survived they would face each other in a singles match to decide the winner. In the event Haze eliminated herself with MsChif after a German suplex pin led to both being pinned, after this MsChif sprayed green mist at Kraven allowing Knuckles to take advantage and temporarily reunify the two belts.
World Championship (2007–2010).
With the NWA Midwest/IWA Mid-South Championship out of her reach, MsChif turned to the NWA World Women's Championship, successfully wrestling Christie Ricci to win her first world title on January 27, 2007. While MsChif had been gunning for the title, her nemesis Mickie Knuckles had lost the NWA Midwest Championship to Josie in the first week of the year, a belt which MsChif still desired. At an NWA Midwest event in March, both Josie and MsChif agreed to a crown versus crown match where both titles were on the line with a special guest referee—Knuckles. Having problems with both competitors, Knuckles was not an impartial official sparring with both members early on. After refusing to count both pinfalls at different points in the match, Josie declared herself the winner after MsChif was down for a ten count and grabbed the belt. A tug of war ensued between her and Knuckles until the referee let go, causing the belt to smack into Josie's face stunning her enough for MsChif to use the Desecrator to win the match. Afterward Knuckles claimed MsChif owed her for the win, which MsChif replied to with green mist. MsChif became the first woman to hold both the NWA Midwest and World Championship.
MsChif held her World Championship until May when she was involved in another champion versus champion match, losing to AWA Japan Champion Amazing Kong with both belts on the line. A rematch between the two in September, exclusively for the NWA belt, headlined the NWA No Limits "3rd Anniversary Show" but MsChif failed to win back her world championship. Kong continued to defend the belt but when she signed for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), who had severed working relations with the NWA, the decision was made to pass the belt back to MsChif, who won it in April 2008 via countout under a special stipulation to retain Kong's stature. She successfully defended it the following month in a lauded match against Cheerleader Melissa, with whom she was already feuding, and Ashley Lane among others. The following year, MsChif defended the World Championship at NWA Charlotte's Valentine's Day themed inaugural show, "Thorns & Roses", in the penultimate match of the evening. With Daffney in her corner, she once again wrestled Kong and saved herself from the Awesome Bomb by using her green mist, disqualifying herself to retain the belt in the process. On July 24, 2010, MsChif lost the NWA World Women's Championship to Tasha Simone, ending her reign at 818 days.
Shimmer and Ring of Honor.
MelisChif (2005–2010).
In November 2005 MsChif was invited to take part in the debut show of Shimmer Women Athletes, an all-female wrestling promotion designed to give women a platform for showcasing their in ring ability. She made an instant enemy in her debut match, defeating Cheerleader Melissa. This defeat incurred the wrath of Melissa who distracted MsChif during her "Volume 3" match against Lexie Fyfe. The two met for the second time during "Volume 4" in Shimmer's first hardcore match. Fought under Falls Count Anywhere rules, their critically acclaimed match that saw the two fight through the crowd and onto the streets of Berwyn, Illinois where MsChif was cut open. MsChif tried to use her green mist to dispatch Melissa, but it was blocked with a steel chair, the steel chair would later come in useful as, just before the fight reached half an hour, MsChif was locked in a Kondo Clutch and bent so far over that she was forced to kick herself in the head through the chair which Melissa placed on her spine. MsChif bounced back with a win in her Ring of Honor (ROH) debut at "Supercard of Honor I" where she won a Shimmer Six Woman Mayhem match, including enemies Melissa and Daizee Haze. The victory over Melissa apparently did not satisfy after the previous loss as she revealed at "Volume 5" when she distracted Melissa during a match with Allison Danger making it easy for Melissa to be rolled up and lose the match. The ensuing brawl took the combined effort of most of the locker room to separate the two. Again hardcore rules were used to try and settle the bad blood, this time a Last Woman Standing match which was fought over twenty minutes ending with Melissa unable to stand up after receiving a Desecrator through a steel chair.
Her rivalry with Melissa took a new turn at "Volume 7" in October 2006 during a singles match with Rain. When Melissa turned up at ringside she was pushed over by Rain's partner Lacey who was interfering in the match, something the cheerleader did not take kindly to and responded by making the referee notice the foreign object Lacey had given to Rain meaning that MsChif won by disqualification. After Melissa's main event victory, Lacey and Rain (The Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew) assaulted her until MsChif came out to save her. Lacey, annoyed at MsChif's interference, challenged the two to a tag team match at "Volume 8" and stormed off, leaving MsChif to stare down Melissa before leaving her to celebrate her victory. Despite both wrestlers' prowess, they were not successful against the experienced Home Wrecking tag team.
In the meantime MsChif put aside her troubles with another former enemy, Daizee Haze, in an attempt to defeat the Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew at ROH's 2007 "Driven" but again came up short. Back in Shimmer, MsChif teamed up not just with Haze, but also British wrestler Eden Black to take on the newly formed International Home Wrecking Crew with the added team mate of Jetta with MsChif finally securing victory, although it was Haze who gained the pinfall.
Losing their first outing as a tag team did not stop the enemies turned allies, who soon were given the sobriquet MelisChif. They tagged up in "Volume 12" to take on the undefeated team of The Experience (Lexie Fyfe and Malia Hosaka). As the match reached its end, Melissa saved MsChif from a double team move and leveled Hosaka with an Air Raid Crash which MsChif followed with her Unhallowed Grace to gain the pin. They teamed up successfully once more for "Volume 17" against The Dangerous Angels (Allison Danger and Sara Del Rey). During this match MsChif covered Shimmer Champion Del Rey for longer than a three count while the referee was distracted, leading to MsChif challenging for and winning the Shimmer Championship.
After MsChif won the top title, the team tagged less frequently. Still, at "Volume 23" MsChif defended her belt against Serena Deeb. After the match Del Rey, who had since become a villainous character, came to the ring wanting to reclaim the belt followed by Amazing Kong who also wanted a shot at the title. The two both attacked MsChif until Melissa came out to save her. Rather than a Shimmer Championship match, this led to the ad hoc team of Del Rey and Kong teaming against MelisChif at "Volume 24" for a chance at the Shimmer Tag Team Championship, which Kong and Del Rey won. Nevertheless, after Melissa defeated Tag Team Champion Nicole Matthews in singles action at "Volume 27", the team were given a chance at the titles during "Volume 30" but the Canadian NINJAs (Matthews and Portia Perez) defeated the team. Afterwards Melissa announced that following two consecutive tag team losses, she would no longer team with MsChif.
Singles competition (2005–present).
Aside from her debut upset victory over Cheerleader Melissa, MsChif's singles run in Shimmer grew slowly yet successfully. During "Volume 2" she was unexpectedly pinned by Beth Phoenix and lost again at "Volume 3" to Lexie Fyfe. MsChif's aforementioned victory in the Ring of Honor, however, set her up on a winning streak in singles matches that lasted through 2006 until "Volume 9" in April 2007 that saw her lose to Amazing Kong, a month before she would lose her NWA World Championship to her. During the tournament to crown the first Shimmer champion, MsChif earned a return victory over Fyfe in the first round but lost to Sarah Stock in the quarter finals; the initial victory led to MelisChif's first victory, over Fyfe and Hosaka, before another tag team loss during "Volume 15" with her Scream Queens partner Daffney.
After gaining momentum in her singles matches in Shimmer and ROH MsChif sought, and earned a title match against the inaugural Shimmer Champion, Sara Del Rey with her "Volume 17" tag team victory over the Dangerous Angels. During the match MsChif had the champion pinned while the crowd counted for five seconds, but by the time the referee had gained control of the match Del Rey had kicked out; regardless Cheerleader Melissa soon pinned Allison Danger. As "Volume 18" opened, MsChif pointed out that she had the Shimmer Champion pinned for more than a three count and demanded a title opportunity which Del Rey, claiming herself to be a fighting champion, readily accepted. In the main event, MsChif was able to successfully use the Desecrator to become the second Shimmer champion. She first defended the belt against Jetta, who won a 21 woman royal rumble for the opportunity and continued to defend it at subsequent shows.
As the Shimmer season closed, MsChif defended her belt in promotions outside of Shimmer. At ROH's "Rising Above" in November (aired January 2009), she kept Del Rey from regaining the title. In Full Impact Pro's October event, "Fallout", Rain unsuccessfully challenged her for the belt. Then Mercedes Martinez, who was undefeated in Full Impact Pro claimed a second title shot, having already been dispatched by MsChif at Shimmer's "Volume 20". but at February 2009's "Battle of the Belts" MsChif proved her dominance once again. In 2009, ROH premiered a weekly television show "Ring of Honor Wrestling" on HDNet and MsChif made her debut on the eighth episode as part of The Age of the Fall, which she had joined the previous June, and teamed with their leader Jimmy Jacobs in a losing effort to the team of Daizee Haze and former Fall member Delirious. She, however, won a three way match, opposite Del Rey, by pinning Haze. On November 8, 2009, at the tapings Shimmer's "Volume 28" MsChif successfully defended her title in an elimination three-way match against Amazing Kong and LuFisto and in the process gave Kong her first pinfall loss in the company.
On April 11, 2010, at "Volume 31", MsChif defended the Shimmer Championship against Australian wrestler Madison Eagles. In an upset victory, Eagles pinned the champion, ending MsChif's reign just shy of two years after 14 successful defenses.
Other promotions.
Having made an impact in IWA:Mid-West and Shimmer Women Athletes MsChif was invited to another all-female promotion, ChickFight, a San Francisco based promotion that held knock-out tournaments. Her first outing was "ChickFight IV" in April 2006, where she took on Candice LeRae in the first round. After defeating her she progressed onto the semi-final, pinning Lacey before winning her debut tournament with a victory against Mercedes Martinez. In June she competed in "ChickFight V" and defeated Sumie Sakai in the first round before suffering a semi-final loss to Jazz and she suffered a similar fate at the next two events. At she defeated British wrestler Jade but lost to eventual winner Cheerleader Melissa in the semi-finals, months after they had tagged together in "Shimmer Volume 8". Her final appearance with the company, during the "ChickFight VIII" saw her fight her way to the final, beating Jetta on the way, before losing to Wesna in the final.
Days before "ChickFight VII", MsChif made her first appearance in the London based promotion Real Quality Wrestling (RQW) for their calendar opening "No Pain, No Gain" event. The triple threat match, which also included Melissa, was for the RQW Women's Championship and was won by defending champion Eden Black. She returned to RQW in June in a ChickFight attraction match that saw two feuds collide at "Taking On The World" where she tag teamed with Black in a losing effort against Melissa and Jetta.
In August 2006, MsChif took part in Japan's "Wrestle Expo 2006". During the event she was given a bye through to the semi-final where defeated Kyoko Kimura to earn a place in the final match. As the other finalist was NWA Women's Pacific/NEO Single Champion Yoshiko Tamura the belt was put on the line but MsChif was unable to secure victory.
As well as these promotions, MsChif has made various one-off and limited appearances for other companies. Perhaps the most famous of these companies was NWA: Total Nonstop Action (NWA:TNA) for their televised program "TNA Xplosion" in a losing effort against longtime enemy Daizee Haze.
On October 8, 2012, MsChif made her first appearance in Japan in six years, when she main evented "Joshi 4 Hope IV", unsuccessfully challenging Hailey Hatred for the Remix Pro Women's Championship.
Personal life.
Collins graduated from college as a genetics scientist. Along with her work in professional wrestling as MsChif, she works at a microbiology laboratory. In October 2010 she was featured in the PBS series "The Secret Life of Scientists and Engineers".
In June 2013, Collins and fellow professional wrestler Micheal Elgin announced their engagement, and they married the following month on July 4.
Footnotes.
First reign as IWA Mid-South/NWA Midwest Women's Champion saw the title split up after her title loss was deemed unsanctioned by NWA Midwest and MsChif continued to hold the NWA Midwest Women's Championship. During the second reign, the title was renamed "Zero1 Pro Wrestling USA Midwest Women's Championship".

</doc>
<doc id="5916568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916568" title="A Great Day for Freedom">
A Great Day for Freedom

"A Great Day for Freedom" is a song by Pink Floyd from their 1994 album, "The Division Bell".
Writing.
The song, originally titled "In Shades of Grey", addresses the great hopes following the fall of the Berlin Wall and the disappointment that followed. David Gilmour stated:
Despite Gilmour's statements to the contrary, the lyrics have often been read as a reflection on the bitter and estranged partnership Gilmour had with former bandmate Roger Waters, who was the driving force behind the band's album "The Wall". By this interpretation, the "Great Day for Freedom" would be the day Waters left the band, giving the other members freedom to determine the band's future direction. Gilmour commented on this reading: "I'm quite happy for people to interpret "The Division Bell" any way they like. But maybe a note of caution should be sounded because you can read too much into it. 'A Great Day for Freedom', for example, has got nothing to do with Roger or his 'wall'. It just doesn't. What else can I say?"
Live.
The song was performed by the band on "The Division Bell" tour, and is available on the "Pulse" live album but not the DVD. Gilmour performed it at his solo concerts in 2002 and 2006, and a live album from one of the 2006 concerts, "Live in Gdańsk", features the song.
Personnel.
with:

</doc>
<doc id="5916600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916600" title="Resurrection Catholic Secondary School">
Resurrection Catholic Secondary School

Resurrection Catholic Secondary School is a Catholic high school in Kitchener, Waterloo Region, Ontario, Canada.
Guidance.
As of September 2013, the guidance department's head is Bob Carlin. There are currently four guidance counsellors at Resurrection:
Awards.
Resurrection CSS has a variety of awards that students can apply to annually. In addition, a collection of awards are presented to students who qualify for them based on merit or academic achievement. 
Most awards can be found here...
http://resurrection.wcdsb.ca/Events/Awards/Pages/Awards.aspx
Athletics.
Resurrection has a strong athletics program, which has recently seen the following teams achieve success at the local and/or provincial levels:
Resurrection has introduced the PEAT athletics program, which is an enrichment program for self-motivated student- athletes who demonstrate exceptional athletic potential in a given sport. Applicants to the program must also possess strong academic commitment, and be positive contributors to the Resurrection community. Applicants must be working toward a provincial/ national/ international championship outside of high school sport. The PEAT program will focus on developing essential transferable skills including speed, agility, endurance, power, and flexibility.
Resurrection is a member of the eight team District 8 Athletic Association
Academics.
During the course of the 2011-2012 school year, Resurrection's Reach for the Top team won the regional tournament for Waterloo, and therefore ended up attending the Provincial championships, where the team placed 13th in the Province. 
Also, a notable program Resurrection Catholic Secondary School has to offer is UCEP (University Cooperative Education Program). Where students in either grade 12 or 13 get to spend their first semester at the University of Waterloo, Wilfred Laurier or St. Jerome's University. This program is known as a specialized co-op and it supplies those students who excel with an outstanding experience. You are then able to gain a co-op position with a professor on any of these campuses. This gives you a unique experience and looks good on applications for College or University.
The Waterloo Catholic Secondary School Board offers a program known as High Skills Major. In this program you will receive a number of certifications and will be able to attend many courses related to a specific career path such as health and wellness. You will also have to take certain courses in you upper years (grade 11 and 12) that relate to this career path, for example in health and wellness you would have to take some science courses. It is also a necessity to take co-op, and to receive a placement in the career of your choice. Once all these requirements are met, students who participated in the program will receive a designation on their diploma, which also looks great when applying to post-secondary school. It will also give you some advantages when at your post-secondary school.
Clubs at Resurrection High School.
There are few students are going to clubs for meetings and having fun. This is few list who are going to club at this school from inducing to: Arts Council, Computer Programming Club, Concert Bands, DECA, Gardening Club, Model United Nations, Multicultural Club, Nutrition for Learning, Photography Club, Reach for the Top Club, Skills Canada and Yoga Club. as well as many others.

</doc>
<doc id="5916610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916610" title="UFC 46">
UFC 46

UFC 46: Supernatural was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on January 31, 2004, at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas, Nevada. The event was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States, and later released on DVD.
History.
Headlining the card was a UFC Light Heavyweight Championship bout between Randy Couture and Vitor Belfort. The evening marked the UFC debut of future welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre.
Fighter Payouts.
The total fighter payroll for UFC 46 was $540,500.

</doc>
<doc id="5916613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916613" title="Volkswerft">
Volkswerft

Volkswerft () is a shipyard in the hanseatic city of Stralsund on the Strelasund. It is part of the German Hegemann-group.
From 1948 till 1953 the shipyard produced 196 ships, all of them to be used for reparation payments to the Soviet Union.
In the following years, the Volkswerft produced trawlers for the Soviet and other fleets. In October 1957, the first ship built for a fleet not pertaining to the Eastern Bloc was delivered to Iceland. In 1973, Lloyd's of London saw the Volkswerft as number one in the production of trawlers worldwide.
After 1990, the Volkswerft was privatized two times, first as "Volkswerft Stralsund GmbH" becoming part of the Vulkan-Gruppe (Bremen) in 1993.Then, since 1998, she is part of the Maersk-group, Maersk having paid 25 millions DM to the Treuhand.
The yard is completely modernized by now, including a large shipbuilding hall and a 230 m (now 275 m length) ship lift to launch the ships. Container ships (2,500 class) are produced for the Mærsk fleet. They have a size of 2,900-3,000 TEU. Supply vessels and cable-laying vessels are also produced.

</doc>
<doc id="5916631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916631" title="Cover Her Face">
Cover Her Face

Cover Her Face is the debut 1962 crime novel of P. D. James. It details the investigations by her poetry-writing detective Adam Dalgliesh into the death of a young, ambitious maid, surrounded by a family which has reasons to want her gone – or dead.
The title is taken from a passage from John Webster's "The Duchess of Malfi": ""Cover her face. Mine eyes dazzle; she died young.""
Plot summary.
The story opens with a dinner party hosted by Mrs. Eleanor Maxie at Martingale, a mediaeval manor house in the (fictional) Essex village of Chadfleet. Mrs. Maxie's son and daughter, Stephen Maxie and Deborah Riscoe, are both at the party. Also present are Dr. Charles Epps, the vicar Bernard Hicks, Miss Alice Liddell, who is the Warden at St. Mary's Refuge for Girls, and Catherine Bowers, a guest at the estate who has been in a relationship with Stephen Maxie. Serving at the party is Sally Jupp, an unmarried mother with an infant son, who was employed by Mrs. Maxie at the recommendation of Miss Liddell.
Stephen Maxie champions Sally during dinner, and afterwards Deborah Riscoe cryptically predicts that the young servant will cause trouble. During dinner, it is also mentioned that the Maxie's elderly domestic servant, Martha Bultitaft, is not very pleased with Sally Jupp.
On the Thursday before St. Cedd's church fete, which takes place every year on the grounds of Martingale, Deborah goes to London and visits Stephen at the hospital where he works. There she sees her brother talking with Sally, who looks carefully dressed in a grey suit. Stephen says that Sally brought him some of their father's tablets, which she found on old Mr. Maxie's bed. Stephen suspects that old Mr. Maxie manages to deceive Martha, pretending to take his tablets when he is simply hiding them in his bed.
Stephen again praises Sally and tells Deborah to take the tablets and put them in the medicine cupboard at their father's room. Deborah is suspicious as to why Sally came to Stephen with the tablets and not to Mrs. Maxie or herself.
When Sally returns to Martingale, she taunts Martha about the tablets and her care for old Mr. Maxie.
On the day of the fete, Sally shows up wearing exactly the same dress that Deborah is wearing, with the same accessories. Guests are shocked into silence, but Deborah appears unconcerned. Later that day, Sally announces that Stephen has asked her to marry him. Miss Liddell is distraught by this announcement and her unkind words are met by abuse, with Sally calling her a "sex-starved old hypocrite" and threatening to reveal her secrets.
The following day, Martha complains that Sally has overslept again. When there is no response to repeated knocking at her bedroom, Stephen and Felix (a close friend of Deborah's, who is staying at the house) go up a ladder to enter the room through the window, and find Sally Jupp's lifeless body.
Sally Jupp is found to have died of manual strangulation by a right-handed person. She is also found to have been drugged. The local constabulary request that Scotland Yard send an experienced homicide detective, and Detective Chief Inspector Adam Dalgliesh and Detective Sergeant Martin arrive. They interview the family members and guests of the Martingale household. They also interview Miss Liddell, Dr. Epps, some neighbours of the Maxies, and Sally's aunt and uncle.
It emerges that Sally had been secretly married to James Ritchie, who has a successful job in Venezuela, but returns to England after her death. Sally had been saving money for her husband's return. She had blackmailed her uncle (who unbeknownst to her had spent her modest trust fund) into giving her 30 pounds. She had pretended to be an unmarried mother because revealing the marriage would jeopardise her husband's job and she liked to 'play with people'. She revealed Stephen Maxie's proposal of marriage for the same reason, although it is notable that she had not accepted it.
Martha had been regularly drugging Sally at night so that she would oversleep, be discredited, and eventually dismissed from Martingale. It is Mrs. Eleanor Maxie who eventually confesses to the murder of Sally Jupp after Dalgliesh reveals everyone's movements on the night. It is clear, through a process of elimination, that only she could be the culprit.
She goes to prison, having been found guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter, and Deborah is left alone in the house. Martha goes to stay with a friend in Herefordshire. Old Mr. Maxie, an invalid throughout the story, dies shortly before Mrs Maxie confesses; it becomes clear that she was waiting for his death before doing so.
The novel ends with a meeting between Adam Dalgliesh and Deborah Riscoe. Adam gives Deborah a lift back to Martingale. Deborah tells him that Catherine will probably marry James Ritchie, thus providing a mother for Sally Jupp's son Jimmy (named after his father). It is hinted that a relationship will develop between Adam and Deborah.
The characters.
Detective Chief Inspector Adam Dalgliesh – in charge of the investigation
Detective Sergeant Martin – Dalgliesh's partner
Mrs. Eleanor Maxie – owner of Martingale, mother to Stephen and Deborah
Stephen Maxie – son of Eleanor; admires and desires Sally Jupp; doctor at St. Luke's Hospital
Deborah Riscoe – daughter of Eleanor; her husband, Edward Riscoe, died of poliomyelitis less than a year after they were married
Mr. Simon Maxie – Eleanor's invalid and elderly husband
Felix Hearne – in love with Deborah; holds both French and British decorations for his part in the WW2 resistance movement; tortured by the Gestapo
Dr. Charles Epps – a widower, long-time physician of the Maxies
Bernard Hinks – vicar of Chadfleet
Miss Alice Liddell – Warden of St. Mary's Refuge for Girls
Catherine Bowers – guest at Martingale; hopes to marry Stephen Maxie
Martha Bultitaft – the Maxie's long-time domestic servant
Sally Jupp – domestic servant at Martingale for several months; victim of homicide; lived at St. Mary's during the last five months of her pregnancy, then returned from the hospital after giving birth and stayed there till coming to work at Martingale
James Ritchie – Sally's husband
Mr. and Mrs. Proctor – Sally's aunt and uncle who raised her after her parents were killed during the Blitz
Literary significance and criticism.
The novel was generally very well received by critics although the author later described it as her least favourite among her books.
"Her first detective story, immediately pleasing and impressive. The pace is deliberate, the characterization of the members of an English county family very well done, and the central character of Sally Jupp – a servant girl with imagination and a love of power – most unusual but compelling. Insp. Dalgliesh is perhaps too quietly competent in his disclosure of Sally's killer – and, despite the title, the girl isn't a Duchess of Malfi." – "A Catalogue of Crime"
Adaptations.
A television version of the novel was produced for Britain's ITV network in 1985. It starred Roy Marsden as Adam Dalgliesh, Phyllis Calvert as Eleanor Maxie, Mel Martin as Deborah Riscoe, Julian Glover as Felix Hearne, and Kim Thomson as Sally Jupp.
BBC Radio 4 produced a radio serial, with Hugh Grant as Felix and Siân Phillips as Mrs Maxie, releasing it on CD shortly after airing.

</doc>
<doc id="5916634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916634" title="Second Treatise of the Great Seth">
Second Treatise of the Great Seth

Second Treatise of the Great Seth is an apocryphal Gnostic writing discovered in the Codex VII of the Nag Hammadi codices and dates to around the third century. The author is unknown, and the Seth referenced in the title appears nowhere in the text. Instead Seth is thought to reference the third son of Adam and Eve to whom gnosis was first revealed, according to some gnostics. The author appears to belong to a group of gnostics who maintain that Jesus Christ was not crucified on the cross. Instead the text says that Simon of Cyrene was mistaken for Jesus and crucified in his place. Jesus is described as standing by and "laughing at their ignorance."
Those who believe Jesus to have died on the cross are said to believe in "a doctrine of a dead man." All those without gnosis - including those who had what would become orthodox beliefs, as well as the figures of Adam, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, David, Solomon, the prophets, and Moses - are all referred to as a "laughingstock." The text shows the derision which the gnostics felt towards those who did not realize the truth; that the biblical text was false (in at least certain important respects) and that the God of the Jews was not the true God. Only the gnostics have access to the truth.
The Treatise of the Great Seth is written from the first-person perspective of Jesus.
Some Gnostics believed Jesus was not a man but a docetistic spirit, and therefore could not die. From the translation by Roger A. Bullard and Joseph A. Gibbons:
At the beginning of the book, Jesus states:
This statement indicates that the Jesus inhabited a human body that had previously belonged to someone else, which meant the body was not his own.
The Christ also explains that the being that created the world is not the One True God. Jesus instead proclaims:
This demonstrates the gnostic view that the God of the Hebrew Bible was not the One True God, but rather an inferior being called the Demiurge, which was created by Sophia.
The Christ also makes statements claiming that Adam, Moses, and John the Baptist were all also "laughingstocks". He says:
The Christ says these prominent figures were "laughingstocks" because they believed that the Demiurge was the One True God, and did not know the Truth.

</doc>
<doc id="5916646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916646" title="Alex Bourret">
Alex Bourret

Alex Bourret (born October 5, 1986) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who currently plays for the Wichita Thunder in the CHL.
Playing career.
His first season in the QMJHL was in the 2002–03 season, where he played with the Sherbrooke Castors. The team moved to Lewiston, Maine the following season. He played the next two seasons with the Lewiston Maineiacs, where he led the team in scoring in the second year, and was selected by Maineiacs fans as the team's most popular player. Wishing to play closer to home, Bourret asked for and received a trade, as the Maineiacs dealt him to the Shawinigan Cataractes in exchange for Stefano Giliati. Bourret's impressive offensive production led to being selected in the first round, 16th overall, of the 2005 NHL Entry Draft by the Atlanta Thrashers. In 2005–06, Bourret once again led his team in scoring, with 114 points.
On February 26, 2007, Bourret was traded to the New York Rangers in exchange for Pascal Dupuis and a 3rd round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft (Robert Bortuzzo). On June 21, 2008, Bourret was traded to the Coyotes for a third round pick in the 2008 NHL Draft, and after unimpressive work in the AHL released in September, 2009.
On July 7, 2010, after splitting the previous year in Europe and the Las Vegas Wranglers of the ECHL, Bourret signed one-year deal with High1 of Asia League Ice Hockey. He left the team in November 2010.
On September 28, 2011, the Wichita Thunder of the CHL announced they had signed Bourret for the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5916651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916651" title="16th Genie Awards">
16th Genie Awards

The 16th Genie Awards were held on January 14, 1996, to honour films released in 1995. The ceremony took place in Montreal at Société Radio-Canada's Studio 42. 
For the first time, the ceremony was not broadcast live on any television network, instead taking place in the afternoon of January 14; separate post-award specials aired in prime time to publicize the award highlights. The English special on CBC Television was hosted by Mary Walsh, while the French special on Radio-Canada was hosted by actor Pascale Bussières and broadcaster René Homier-Roy.
It was the first of "two" Genie Award ceremonies held in 1996. Normally the 16th Genie Award ceremony would have been held in the late fall of 1995, but it was delayed until early 1996. The 17th Genie Awards were held in November 1996, returning to the traditional scheduling of the award ceremony. Beginning with the 19th Genie Awards in 1999, however, the award scheduling returned to the winter again, and has remained schedules as such ever since.
Nominees and winners.
The Genie Award winner in each category is shown in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="5916657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916657" title="Percy (soundtrack)">
Percy (soundtrack)

Percy is a 1971 film soundtrack for the British comedy film "Percy" performed by English rock group the Kinks with additional orchestral arrangements conducted by Stanley Myers. The songs were written by Ray Davies and include both standard rock / pop songs and instrumental numbers. 
Singles and compilations.
"God's Children" was issued as a single (b/w either "Moments" or "The Way Love Used to Be", depending on the country) in April 1971. In the UK a 4-track EP was also released featuring "God's Children", "The Way Love Used To Be", "Moments" and "Dreams". This was the Kinks' last release with Pye while they were still under contract. Unlike the album, the single was released in the US (in July) but failed to chart there or in the UK. It was a minor hit in Australia (reaching #53) and New Zealand (#21). In the US the tracks "God's Children" and "Willesden Green" were included on "The Kink Kronikles" compilation in 1972. "The Way Love Used to Be" was included on 1973's "The Great Lost Kinks Album".
"Willesden Green" is the only released song by the Kinks to feature lead vocals by another band member other than the Davies brothers. Bassist John Dalton sings lead vocals on the track, doing an impression of Elvis Presley.
Despite never being released in the US, this album was by the far the most commonly imported to the US of all of The Kinks' Pye albums. Both Jem and Imports Unlimited kept this album on their import lists throughout the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="5916665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916665" title="Best of Groove Coverage">
Best of Groove Coverage

Best of Groove Coverage is a compilation album by the German Euro-Trance band Groove Coverage, released in May 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5916691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916691" title="Patrick Kalambay">
Patrick Kalambay

Patrick Kalambay (born 6 January 1984) is an Italian footballer of Congolese descent, who plays as a midfielder for Serie D club Vibonese.
Biography.
Kalambay has previously played professionally for several teams, most notably Fermana, Lumezzane, Triestina, Como and Ancona (3 times). 
After made his professional debut in 2000–01 Serie B, Kalambay was signed by A.C. Milan in a direct swap with Daniele Daino in July 2002. Kalambay returned to Ancona for a season long loan, however he did not play any game in 2002–03 Serie B.
In February 2011 he left for fellow Eccellenza club Marino (but Ancona in Marche and Marino in Lazio) and against his former club Ancona in Coppa Italia Dilettanti. Both team promoted but Marino as the runner-up of the club. He renewed his contract at the start of 2011–12 Serie D season. In September 2012 he was signed by Vibonese.
He is the son of Sumbu Kalambay, an Italian Zaire-born former world champion boxer.

</doc>
<doc id="5916694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916694" title="Mömlingen">
Mömlingen

Mömlingen is a municipality in the Miltenberg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.
Geography.
Location.
Mömlingen, which styles itself “Gateway to the Odenwald”, lies framed by wooded heights of the northern Odenwald on the Bavaria-Hesse boundary in the charming Mümling valley. Bordering on Mömlingen are the Bavarian district of Aschaffenburg in the north, and in the west the two Hessian districts of Darmstadt-Dieburg and Odenwaldkreis.
History.
Celts and Romans.
Witnessing a prehistoric human presence are many barrows and sporadic finds, some of which go back to the Stone Age. From Roman times come parts of so-called Jupiter Columns (or "Jupitergigantensäulen" in German) and other worship stones. They show, together with the many traces of Roman country houses (villae rusticae) in the heights all around Mömlingen, the extent of the once mighty Roman Empire, which only a few kilometres away to the east held its frontier at the “Wet Limes”, namely the Main.
Frankish settlement.
An early Frankish settlement beginning in the 6th century in what is now the heart of the community is witnessed by an extensive row grave field unearthed by archaeologists west of the village. Besides the many graves with scanty or missing grave goods, graves with extraordinarily rich appointments were discovered, such as a Mainz gold coin and remnants of silk, leading to the conclusion that there was a stately noble class among the villagers. These nobles could well have driven the Frankish taking of the land on royal orders.
First documentary mention.
The settlement itself crops up in written records as "Miminingen" in a document from the Imperial Abbey at Fulda issued sometime between 802 and 817 (Abbot Ratgar’s time in office). Compared to many neighbouring communities, this is a very early first documentary mention.
To early Frankish times can be dated the establishment of the first church in Mömlingen. Bearing witness to this is what is said to be the typically Frankish custom of consecrating the old parish church to Saint Martin of Tours.
Church and nobility – Mainz and Breuberg.
From the Middle Ages, many ecclesiastical institutions and members of the upper and middle nobility are known who had holdings in the municipal area, imposed taxes and held sundry rights. In 1024, Emperor Heinrich II donated the County of Stockstadt, within which lay Mömlingen, to the Imperial Abbey at Fulda. In 1278, the place passed with the County of Bachgau to Electoral Mainz. The circumstances of Mömlingen’s belonging politically (until 1803) to the Electoral Mainz tithing region of the Bachgau while village jurisdiction, extensive landholdings and further traditional entitlements were held by the lords at the nearby Breuberg Castle led to neverending disputes between the territorial overlords of Mainz and Breuberg.
Lords of Mimling – Hans Memling.
In the Late Middle Ages, members of a, probably, lower noble family named “von Mimling” (among other spellings) began cropping up in documents, mostly as clergymen and tithe counts. Historical research leaves no doubt that the forebears of the famous painter Hans Memling, born about 1435 in Seligenstadt, came from Mömlingen. His works can now be found hanging in the world’s most famous painting galleries.
Hausen hinter der Sonne.
South of Mömlingen, on the north slope of the "Buchberg", once stood the village of Hausen hinter der Sonne (the affix meaning “Behind the Sun”), belonging to the Bishopric of Bamberg. The great countrywide wave of Plague that swept across the land in 1348 may already have thoroughly decimated the inhabitants, but the little settlement finally died in the early 16th century when the last few inhabitants moved to Mömlingen, likely under the effects of war. Mömlingen’s municipal area thereby grew considerably. Even neighbouring Hainstadt gained land area by the small village’s death.
Thirty Years’ War and its aftermath.
Information about Mömlingen’s size in the Late Middle Ages can be drawn from an interest register from 1426. At this time, the Counts of Wertheim, as holders of the lordship of Breuberg, were taxing 62 farms. Hence, Mömlingen was quite a grand place. Grave effects on Mömlingen’s development were brought by the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648). Plague, sacking and pillaging harried the people, leaving only a few survivors by 1650. Many longtime families had been taken away by this dreadful war. Soon after the war ended, many new names come forth from the archives. Newcomers arrived mainly from the South Tyrol, France and the Netherlands.
The Thirty Years' War also thwarted the building of a new local church. Only in 1774-1777 could the plan be realized. The old parish church built in the Baroque style is said to be the community’s landmark.
Mömlingen passes to Bavaria.
With the onset of the 19th century, an epoch that had lasted more than 600 years came to an end when Mömlingen ceased to be part of Electoral Mainz’s once vast holdings. In 1803 it passed to the newly formed Principality of Aschaffenburg, with which it passed in 1814 (by 1810 it had become a department of the Grand Duchy of Frankfurt) to Bavaria.
Today the community of Mömlingen, which since the Second World War has undergone great growth through building, presents itself as a lower centre that has at its disposal a colourful pallet of not-for-profit institutions, and whose scenically charming location is treasured by many visitors.
Politics.
Community council.
The council is made up of 20 council members, not counting the mayor, with seats apportioned thus:
Coat of arms.
The community’s arms might be described thus: Gules, a wheel spoked of six argent between in chief three roses of the second seeded Or in bar arched, in base two mullets of six of the second.
Although the example in this article does not show it clearly, the German blazon clearly states that the roses are to be “seeded Or”, that is, with golden centres (“"Rosen mit goldenen Butzen"”).
The six-spoked wheel, the so-called Wheel of Mainz, comes from the arms borne by the Archbishopric of Mainz, to which the community belonged until the Old Empire’s downfall in 1803. The heraldic roses are drawn from the arms once borne by the Counts of Wertheim, and the mullets (star-shapes) are from those once borne by the "Schenken" (roughly, “stewards” or “bearers”) of Erbach.
The arms have been borne since 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="5916699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916699" title="Districts of the Unitarian Universalist Association">
Districts of the Unitarian Universalist Association

The Unitarian Universalist Association, an association of Unitarian Universalist in the United States of America, is composed of 19 Districts.
Structure.
Each District has its own District-level organization, complete with governing body (in the form of an elected council, or board) and all. Districts provide services to their member congregations, including help with ministerial settlement. Each District has a representative on the UUA's Board of Trustees. Collaborations between districts have also resulted in the creation of five unofficial "regions": the Central East Regional Group, the Southern Region, MidAmerica Region, Pacific Western Region and New England Region. Multi-congregational collaboration within districts has also resulted in the creation of unofficial local "clusters" or "networks" (similar to deaneries in episcopal polities) within metropolitan areas with closely approximate churches. Districts also hold annual district assemblies similar to the General Assembly, in which workshops and district business is performed.

</doc>
<doc id="5916708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916708" title="Directorate-General for Economic and Financial Affairs (European Commission)">
Directorate-General for Economic and Financial Affairs (European Commission)

The Directorate-General for Economic and Financial Affairs (ECFIN) is a Directorate-General of the European Commission. The DG ECFIN is located in Brussels, Belgium, and Luxembourg. Its main responsibility is to encourage the development of Economic and Monetary Union both inside and outside the European Union, by advancing economic policy coordination, conducting economic surveillance and providing policy assessment and advice.
Policy areas.
The Directorate-General’s policy areas include:

</doc>
<doc id="5916719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916719" title="Thoracoscopy">
Thoracoscopy

Thoracoscopy is a medical procedure involving internal examination, biopsy, and/or resection of disease or masses within the pleural cavity and thoracic cavity. Thoracoscopy may be performed either under general anaesthesia or under sedation with local anaesthetic.
History.
Thoracoscopy was developed by Hans Christian Jacobaeus, a Swedish internist in 1910 for the treatment of tuberculous intra-thoracic adhesions. He used a cystoscope to examine the thoracic cavity, developing his technique over the next twenty years. Today, thoracoscopy is performed using specialized thoracoscopes. These instruments include a light source and a lens for viewing and may have ports through which other instruments may be inserted for the purpose of tissue removal and manipulation.
Video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery.
Video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) is a surgical operation involving thoracoscopy, usually performed by a thoracic surgeon using general or local/regional anaesthesia with additional sedation as necessary. It has historically also been referred to as pleuroscopy. A wide variety of diagnostic and therapeutic procedures may be performed with this technique which has become very popular and increasingly so since the early 1990s. Prior to this, limited diagnostic procedures were done using variations on the cystoscope since 1910. Advances in direct optical visualization were quickly surpassed when video cameras were attached to the endoscopes. The advent of endoscopic stapling was also a major advance so that complicated procedures such as pulmonary lobectomy could be performed safely. VATS can be useful for the diagnosis of undefined interstitial lung diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="5916757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916757" title="If the Cap Fits...">
If the Cap Fits...

"If the Cap Fits..." is the sixth episode of the fifth series of the British television sitcom "Dad's Army" that was originally transmitted on 10 November 1972.
Synopsis.
Mainwairing is giving a slide show, but Frazer comments he is wasting everyone's time on a fine summers evening with another irrelevant lecture. Mainwairing agrees to let Frazer take over for a few days to assuage his grumbling...
Plot.
The episode opens with the Walmington-on-Sea Home Guard unit in the church hall, waiting for Mainwaring to give a presentation. The platoon is disgruntled at being shut in on a fine summers evening, and led by Frazer, they begin a chorus of 'Why are we waiting', which sounds like O Come All Ye Faithful. Mainwaring enters and tells them to be quiet. He begins to give them a farcical slideshow entitled "Know your enemy". This contains exaggerated drawings of German infantrymen, panzer crew and parachutists. The show is narrated languidly by Wilson, who insists on wearing a monocle. Mainwaring interjects with stereotypical comments such as:
All through this Jones is attempting to man the projector, much hampered by the Verger, who is there to prevent any "damage to the Vicar's apparatus". Godfrey is asleep whilst Walker and Pike interject with silly questions. Hodges arrives, and accuses them of looking at dirty pictures, then Jones finally messes up and shows a picture of a topless Zulu native from the Vicars slide collection, "Light into Darkest Africa", much to Hodges delight and Mainwaring's discomfort.
Afterwards in the office Mainwaring threatens to stop Wilson wearing the monocle, but Wilson responds by threatening to tell everyone that Mainwaring wears arch supports for his feet. Frazer enters, and not only tells Mainwaring the lecture is a waste of time, but consults his notes and reminds Mainwaring of other similar lectures, such as "Why the Germans don't play cricket" and "How to send Hitler a poisoned carpet" (because he chews the rug).
Back on parade, Mainwaring challenges Frazer to take command of the platoon for a week, and to Mainwaring's surprise Frazer agrees.
Once Frazer is in charge, he swiftly sacks Sergeant Wilson for discrepancies in the platoon stores, then is so rude to Jones that he resigns. He then appears sympathetic to Godfrey, but finishes their chat by saying that if Godfrey comes on parade, there is no special treatment - Godfrey must do just the same as the rest of them. Godfrey leaves in confusion.
Mainwaring meanwhile is banished to the broom cupboard, where he is joined by a furious Wilson and a distraught Jones. They are disturbed by the (new) Lance-Corporal Pike, and (new) Sergeant Walker, who tells Privates Wilson and Jones to come on parade.
In Mainwaring's office, Frazer is visited by a senior Scottish officer, Major-General Menzies, who introduces himself but clearly thinks he is talking to Mainwaring. Pleased at finding a fellow Scot in command, he invites Frazer to play the pipes to pipe in the haggis at a regimental dinner at H.Q. Frazer agrees.
Discussing this with the Colonel in the mess, Menzies tells the Colonel to organise the dinner, and the Colonel (who unlike Menzies, knows Mainwaring) expresses great surprise that Mainwaring is Scottish and can play the pipes.
Back in the church hall, Frazer's tenure has ended, and Mainwaring is quick to establish control and forget about the whole incident. Frazer attempts to tell him about the commitment to pipe the haggis at the dinner, but Mainwaring doesn't give him a chance.
The next scene is Mainwaring and his platoon waiting to enter the regimental dinner. A sergeant appears, and takes Mainwaring through the procedure. Finally, to Mainwaring's surprise, he presents Mainwaring with the bagpipes. Expecting Mainwaring to be nonplussed, Frazer issues an ultimatum. "It was me he asked to play the pipes because he was impressed with my handling of the platoon. I'll play the pipes for you if you let me go into the dinner at the head of MY platoon". Mainwaring refuses, thus provoking Wilson to say "are you absolutely sure you're doing the right thing". Mainwaring shoulders the pipes competently, and they form up, ready to lead the haggis in. Frazer is predicting doom, but Mainwaring turns to Wilson and says,
""I spent my honeymoon in a remote village in Scotland called InverGeechie (sic). It was a wild and lonely place. The nights were long ... and there was nothing else to do.""
To everyone's amazement he starts the pipes up and, playing magnificently, marches in leading the haggis party. Frazer is left dumbfounded outside, until he shouts "I never doubted you for minute, sir, not even a moment. God forgive me." and rushes in after the rest.

</doc>
<doc id="5916762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916762" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1875–1878">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1875–1878

This is a list of members of the seventh parliament of the South Australian House of Assembly, which sat from 6 May 1875 until 13 March 1878. The members were elected at the 1875 state election.

</doc>
<doc id="5916768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916768" title="Vayalur Murugan Temple">
Vayalur Murugan Temple

The Vayalur Murugan Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Muruga, located near the city of Tiruchirapalli (Trichy) in Tamil Nadu, India.
Transport.
Thiruchirappali is well connected by rail to almost all major cities of India. By air, there are regular flights to Trichy from Chennai, Singapore, Malaysia, Sharjha and Columbo. Buses are available from almost all places of Tamil Nadu and Bangalore round the clock.
History.
This temple is around 1200 years old built during the reign of the Cholas.
Deities.
The main deity in the temple is Lord Muruga, it is behind the Moolavar Shiva Sannithy. The other Sannithys in this temple are Moolavar arulmigu Athi Nathar (Lord Shiva).

</doc>
<doc id="5916772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916772" title="Hollywood High Organ Opus 481">
Hollywood High Organ Opus 481

The Hollywood High School E. M. Skinner Organ Opus 481-A is a pipe organ in Hollywood High School, in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California. The contract for Opus 481 was made in June 1924, shortly after Skinner returned from his second trip to England and France. It took two years to build the organ. The organ was expanded (the Swell 4′ Octave and 4′ Clarion) in 1929 by Skinner. When the 1929 Memorial auditorium was built, the organ was moved and also registered as Opus 481-A. Then in 1954 it was placed into storage when the auditorium was refurbished, torn down to its foundation and rebuilt in its present form. Opus 481 is considered to be of musical value, built by the "Cadillac" of symphonic organ builders of the 20th century. The historic organ is an E. M. Skinner Opus 481 of 3-manuals, 39 ranks with chimes and has over 2,600 pipes. 
Given to the school by the class of 1924 it was originally located on the west wall in the original auditorium (which is now the library).The organ was paid for by funds raised by the student body, putting on a production of "Peter Pan" at the Hollywood Bowl. Louis Vierne played his only Southern California performance at Hollywood High in 1927, and Edwin Lemare played his last public performance at Hollywood High School while his daughter, Mary, was attending school there in 1931. Other famous organists have played there, including Virgil Fox. Felix Hell played the first public concert on the newly renovated organ in October 2002.
Damage and restoration.
The organ, under the care of Williamson-Warne & Associates, was in reasonably good playing condition until the Northridge earthquake of 1994. The organ survived fairly well, basically sustaining damage in the form of a few broken pipes, and a couple of racks that pulled out of the wall. What no one realized is that the earthquake had damaged the roof above both of the organ chambers, and when Hollywood experienced a heavy winter rain the following week, both organ chambers took on a lot of water and severely damaged the mechanisms.
After several years of neglect, in 2000, the jewel of Hollywood High School began one of the greatest organ renovation projects in California if not the United States. The school with the help of the Organ Historical Society of America and headed by Austin Organs, Inc., of Hartford, Connecticut, worked towards its rebuilding which was completed in May 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5916780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916780" title="Station wear">
Station wear

Station wear often refers to the standard uniform worn by firefighters when they are around the station. It usually consists of Nomex uniform pants, a Nomex uniform shirt, and a pair of steel toed uniform boots. The color of the uniform may differ from department to department. These are often worn under firefighting bunker gear, also referred to as PPEs (personal protective equipment), as an extra layer of protection against fires.

</doc>
<doc id="5916791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916791" title="Piyapong Pue-on">
Piyapong Pue-on

Squadron Leader Piyapong Pue-on (; ; born: November 14, 1959 as Padej Khanklue) is a retired Thai football player and played as a striker. He is the most well-known football player in Thailand, and as such, he is considered the national football hero. He was a member of the Thailand national football team and also played for club football for FC Seoul of the South Korean K League, then known as Lucky-Goldstar Hwangso, from 1984-1986. He played one of the leading roles to crown FC Seoul in 1985 K-League Championship (12 goals and 6 assists). He had a good relationship with then FC Seoul manager Park Se-Hak whom he still calls "Father". 
He also appears in the 2004 film "Kerd ma lui" ("Born to Fight" in European title).
An active Thai Air Force officer, Piyapong is coaching the Thai Air Force football club (2007). Married, Piyapong has a son born in 1985 playing football like his father and working as a model and movie actor sometimes.

</doc>
<doc id="5916805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916805" title="Virtua Quest">
Virtua Quest

Virtua Quest, known in Japan as , is a "Virtua Fighter" spin-off title co-developed by TOSE and Sega AM2, and published by Sega for the GameCube and PlayStation 2 video game consoles.
Plot.
The world of "Virtua Quest" is one where many people shrug off reality, and instead spend their free time in the Nexus, a vast virtual universe. Sei is a cheerful fellow who's been tapped by his friend, Hayami, into trying out the life of a hunter, one who collects data chips from the far-flung reaches of the Nexus and then sells them for cash. Sei, curious about the occupation, yet slightly intimidated by the dangers involved, reluctantly accepts after a bit of influence from Hayami, and the thought about the bike that they are trying to finish in time for the race in the real world.
After completing the Hunters' test and a brief explanation from Hayami about the Hunter's License rankings (LoA, HighA, and ExA), Sei finds the server address for Curio City, and marks his way to the location.
Right after he had just arrived, a strange creature named Bit appears from his Hunter's Glove at a blaze of light and announces that he will be his navigator throughout the servers he visits. Sei is fine with this, now that Bit had explained his startling entrance, but not with the fighters that pursue him a few minutes afterwards. Then a girl with aqua-colored hair approaches him and directs him to logout. Sei demands Bit to logout, but the command is not accessible.
The girl then tells him to go to a warehouse and find what he needs there, and tells him that he's "in this fight, no matter what. The only person that can defend you is yourself." She also tells him to head to a building, and that the root user, the one preventing his logout, is there. She informs him that defeating the root user will let him logout. She then disappears.
Sei heads to the warehouse, and falls through the glass ceiling. He meets a man that bears a vague resemblance to his father, and tells him that he may need to fight, questioning whether he considers to fight for himself or for others. Sei answers a baffled reply to this, and as to rid his anxiety, the man teaches him Sypnapse Break, a special technique. Once taught this, Sei is confident, and starts his Hunter journey.
As Sei makes his way through the server, he collects Virtua Souls and fights more attackers, eventually making it all the way through them and encountering the root user. At the top of the building, he comes across a blonde African American in a load of armor. Despite his buff appearance, Sei easily defeated the root user, thus granting him the opportunity to logout, as well as the other hunters.
Back at the Hunter's Guild, Sei finds Hayami, and asks him about Virtua Souls. Hayami tells him that they are like "ghost data", meaning that they're to the point that they don't exist. Finding this useless, he asks the shopkeeper, and when her explanation isn't any help, he asks a man talking to his sister, and finally he reveals information: A man was rousing him for Virtua Souls, and he vanished in the Wild Corridor, yet another lost Server. Sei gains the server address to the Wild Corridor, and he too vanishes in the location.
Arriving at Wild Corridor, Sei again discovers that he cannot log out (again). He is dismayed, but accepts his situation. As he makes his way through Wild Corridor, he spies another Hunter who also appears to have Synapse Break. Sei is bewildered by this, but doesn't comment further. As he continues to make his way, gathering Virtua Souls as he goes, he eventually finds the three root users, who appear to be triplets, and defeats them.

</doc>
<doc id="5916815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916815" title="Kakugo">
Kakugo

Kakugo virus is a picorna-like virus most commonly found in the brains of worker bees. The Kakugo(Japanese for 'ready to attack') virus, when resident in a bee's brain, can contribute to aggressive behaviors such as are preeminent during a bee's guard phase in their life cycle. Kakugo is the first virus to have been found to cause aggressive behavior, although because the virus was only recently discovered to have such effects, research into the matter is limited.
Analysis.
Kakugo RNA encodes a protein of 2,893 amino acid residues that shares structural features and sequence similarities with various picorna-like virus polyproteins, especially those from sacbrood virus, which infects honeybees. The Kakugo protein contains several domains that correspond to the virion protein, helicase, protease, and RNA-dependent RNA polymerase domains of various picorna-like virus polyproteins.

</doc>
<doc id="5916817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916817" title="Undina (Tchaikovsky)">
Undina (Tchaikovsky)

Undina (sometimes "Undine" or "Ondine") () is an opera in 3 acts by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. The work was composed in 1869. The libretto was written by Vladimir Sollogub, and is based on Vasily Zhukovsky's translation of Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué's "Ondine". 
History.
The opera was composed during the months of January to July, 1869, but Tchaikovsky destroyed the score in 1873, preserving only a few numbers from the opera. The opera has never been performed in its entirety.
The only extracts that survive are:
At least three of these pieces - the aria, the duet, and the final chorus - were performed at the Moscow premiere at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow on 28 March 1870. 
Some music from the opera was subsequently re-used in Tchaikovsky's other works:
Instrumentation.
Source: www.tchaikovsky-research.net
Synopsis.
"Time": The 15th century
"Place": Germany, near the Danube; Ringstetten Castle (Burg Ringstetten)
Recordings.
Introduction
Vocal Numbers

</doc>
<doc id="5916825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916825" title="Jonathan Meiburg">
Jonathan Meiburg

Jonathan Meiburg, born in Baltimore, Maryland, on March 1st, 1976, is a multi-instrumentalist musician and the lead singer and songwriter for Shearwater (2001–present), a band he co-founded with Will Sheff in Austin, Texas. He also shared duties with Sheff as a member of Okkervil River (1999–2008). Due to increased popularity and touring conflicts between the two acts, however, Meiburg left Okkervil River in May 2008. He first started his musical career with Whu Gnu in 1993.
Biography.
Meiburg has a bachelor's degree in English, with a minor in Religion, from the University of the South in Sewanee, Tennessee, and received a Thomas J. Watson fellowship to study daily life in remote human communities. After a year spent in such diverse places as the Falkland Islands, Tierra del Fuego, the Aboriginal settlement of Kowanyama in Australia, the Chatham Islands of New Zealand, and the Inuit settlement of Kimmirut in Baffin Island, Canada, he enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin, where he earned a master's degree in Geography and wrote a thesis titled "The Biogeography of Striated Caracaras ("Phalcoboenus australis")". He is an avid birder, and his love of birds shows itself in Shearwater's name, and in the titles of several of the band's albums and EPs.
Meiburg has recorded some material as a solo artist, though he tends to only sell these records at Shearwater tour dates. He has also worked occasionally as a backing musician for singer Bill Callahan.
His latest work is collaboration with Jamie Stewart of Xiu Xiu, named Blue Water White Death. Debut album was released in October 2010 on Graveface Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5916836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916836" title="Star Wars Encyclopedia">
Star Wars Encyclopedia

Star Wars Encyclopedia is a 1998 reference book written by Stephen J. Sansweet, the director of content management at Lucasfilm and science fiction author. The book defines, explains, and illustrates the characters, creatures, settings, objects, events, and concepts that appear in the science fiction saga "Star Wars". Data is drawn from the original trilogy films, radio dramas, novels, short stories, graphic novels, and computer games. "Star Wars Encyclopedia" contains an introduction written by science fiction writer Timothy Zahn. The book was succeeded by the three-volume "Complete Star Wars Encyclopedia" (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="5916837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916837" title="17th Genie Awards">
17th Genie Awards

The 17th Genie Awards were held on November 27, 1996, to honour films released in late 1995 and 1996. They were the "second" Genie Award ceremony held in that year; the 16th Genie Awards were delayed from the fall of 1995 and took place in January 1996 instead.
Nominees and winners.
The Genie Award winner in each category is shown in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="5916861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916861" title="Communities and Residents">
Communities and Residents

The Auckland Communities and Residents Incorporated, known as Communities and Residents (C&R), is an established right-leaning local body ticket in Auckland, New Zealand. It formed in 1937 as Citizens & Ratepayers with a view to control the Auckland City Council and prevent the left-leaning Labour Party control. It controlled the council most of the time from World War II until the council was merged into the Auckland Council in 2010.
History.
The Citizens & Ratepayers Association was formed in 1937. During the period 1944–1971, the Auckland City Council was under the control of C&R except for three years from 1953 to 1956. C&R people were involved in the sanitation and drainage infrastructure for Auckland and the Auckland Harbour Bridge (driven in particular by C&R councillor, then Mayor, Sir Jack Allum). Other notable events include management of the city during World War II, construction of Auckland International Airport, and construction of the Civic Administration building.
In more recent years, C&R constructed the Aotea Centre, brought in updated by-laws, and commenced a number of cultural initiatives, including construction of a new central library, extensive renovation of the Auckland City Art Gallery in the mid 1980s, and reaching around 300 parks and reserves within the Auckland City limits. Cultural and community centres were also constructed at a rapid pace.
In 1989, amalgamation of the various council boroughs around Auckland saw the potential for some significant upheaval to the management of Auckland City. However, this was overseen with relatively little angst, in the words of Graham Bush, Auckland City Historian. C&R enjoyed almost constant control of the Auckland City in the second half of the 20th century. C&R rarely stood mayoral candidates, preferring to concentrate on the council organisation, but has given tacit and low key approval short of endorsement to some mayoral candidates.
During the 1990s, Citizens and Ratepayers came under some criticism for being seen as inflexible and out of touch with voters. Many of the C&R councillors had served for many years and there was a perception that it was lacking in fresh faces. Public discontent over issues like Metrowater, waste removal, the Britomart Transport Centre and proposed property developments alongside it saw sustained criticism of Auckland's political management.
Recent elections.
For the 1998 election, former C&R members formed a new ticket with a view to bringing the "old" C&R organisation back to its more fiscally prudent and centre-right roots. This new organisation, Auckland NOW, won only two council seats, but its contesting the election across the city split the centre-right vote and ended C&R control of the city.
After the 1998 election, a rapprochement between Citizens and Ratepayers and Auckland Now occurred, with an agreement to contest the 2001 elections together under the brand "Auckland Citizens & Ratepayers Now". This merged organisation was successful in winning back the council, simultaneously with the election of the independent socially conservative centre-right mayor John Banks. 
However, at the 2004 election, a backlash occurred against C&R Now in some wards, seeing control of the city go to the left-wing City Vision ticket, as well as the election of a new mayor, Dick Hubbard. 
During the 2004–2007 term, a new constitution for C&R was proposed, with the effect that many in Auckland NOW joined C&R, and the organisations were effectively merged to contest the 2007 election. C&R gained significantly in the 2007 elections, capturing a majority on the Auckland City Council, in addition to the re-election of John Banks. 
In the 2010 elections, the first for the new Auckland Council, C&R won just five seats on the twenty-seat council and John Banks was well beaten in the mayoral election by incumbent Manukau City mayor Len Brown.
The team leader for Citizens & Ratepayers is former Auckland City Mayor Christine Fletcher. The previous leader and former deputy mayor of Auckland City was David Hay, a former mayor of Mt Roskill Borough Council. Hay served as deputy mayor of Auckland City Council for three separate, non-contiguous terms. Jami-Lee Ross, a councillor for Howick, was co-leader alongside Fletcher from 2010 until March 2011, when he was elected to Parliament in a by-election and resigned from the council.
C&R has stood for other bodies in Auckland, including the Auckland Regional Council, the Auckland District Health Board (which controls the management of Auckland's main health agency), and it controls the Auckland Energy Consumer Trust, which controls Vector Limited, plus contests various licensing trusts for public bars.
In 2012 Citizen & Ratepayers adopted a new name, Communities & Residents, following a review of the organisations performance in the 2010 council elections. Other changes adopted after the review included abandoning the "whipping" system used in voting on council issues.

</doc>
<doc id="5916862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916862" title="Andre Wyss">
Andre Wyss

Andre Wyss is a professor of Paleontology at the University of California, Santa Barbara. He is best known for his contributions in the field of evolution, especially in small mammals of South America and Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="5916885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916885" title="Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 3">
Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 3

Two gaiden games have been released that expand on the story of "Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 3" - and .
Story.
One rainy day Nozomi Kasuga and her two friends encounter a strange boy at their high school, who sends them hurtling across time and space to a place in another world called Kyō. This place bears a strong resemblance to Kyoto at the end of the Heian period, where the Minamoto clan (Genji), led by Minamoto no Yoritomo (based on the historical Minamoto no Yoritomo), is at war with the Taira clan (Heike), led by Taira no Kiyomori (based on the historical Taira no Kiyomori). The Heike hope to defeat the Genji by releasing vengeful spirits (onryō) to disturb the Earth's natural flow of energies and to terrorize the land. The boy that Nozomi met is revealed to be the human form of Hakuryū, the White Dragon God said to protect Kyō, whose powers have greatly weakened due to the presence of the onryō. Nozomi discovers that she has the power to seal the onryō as , and she allies herself with the Genji in order to seal the onryō, restore Hakuryū's powers, and return home to her own world.

</doc>
<doc id="5916906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916906" title="Deux (band)">
Deux (band)

Deux () was a South Korean hip hop duo popular in early 1990s. The duo consisted of Lee Hyun Do and Kim Sung Jae. They were not only colleagues when they were the 2nd generation of the hip hop group, Hyun Jin Young and Wawa but also close friends to each other. Hip-hop music that was once considered an exclusive music for African-Americans until the early 1990, appeared in South Korea as a mixed form of dance music and rap, called "rap dance". In the mid-1990s hip hop gained great popularity in South Korea and Deux has been considered frontiers of Korean hip hop music along with Seo Taiji and Boys, Kim Gun Mo and DJ Doc. Lee composed their music while Kim took care of choreography and styling. Some of Deux's music has appeared in the Pump it Up. The songs are We Are, Come Back To Me, and Out of the Ring.

</doc>
<doc id="5916920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916920" title="Craig Taylor (footballer)">
Craig Taylor (footballer)

Craig Taylor (born 24 January 1974) is an English professional footballer.
Taylor was born in Plymouth. He began his professional football career with Exeter City in June 1992 and made 5 first team appearances before dropping into the non-leagues with Dorchester Town.
In April 1997 he joined Swindon Town for a fee of £25,000 playing over 60 games for the First Division (now known as The Championship) Club. He had a month on loan with Plymouth Argyle from October 1998 and moved to Plymouth in August 1999 for a fee of £30,000. Taylor was made captain of his home team, making almost 100 appearances during his spell there. A broken ankle against Southend United put Taylor out for the best part of 2 years.
In February 2003, Taylor joined Torquay United on loan, initially for a month's cover as both Sean Hankin and Steve Woods were sidelined with injuries. The loan deal was extended to the end of the season and he signed for Torquay on a free transfer in June 2003.
The following season (2003/2004) he captained The Gulls to promotion to the First Division of the Football League.
He spent much of the early part of the 2006-07 season out of the Torquay side due to injury, but returned to the squad as an unused substitute in the 1-0 defeat at home to Boston United on 16 December 2006. On his last appearance Taylor played in the 1-1 draw with Leyton Orient, scoring Torquay's only goal. Taylor retired from football in May 2007 due to recurring back and ankle injuries.
His brother Shaun also played professionally for Swindon Town.

</doc>
<doc id="5916924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916924" title="François Robineau">
François Robineau

François Robineau (born in 1961) is a French photographer, the official photographer of the Patrouille de France air acrobatic team.
He worked mainly with Dassault Aviation and made all the pictures of the Mirage 2000 and the Rafale since their development. The famous picture of the Rafale flying over the Great Pyramid of Giza was taken by Robineau. Also the ride "Riding The Rafale" is based on his original idea and directed by Nemo Sandman. The music is "Brother", a song from Justin Sullivan New Model Army.

</doc>
<doc id="5916930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916930" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Orléans">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Orléans

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Orléans (Lat:"Diocesis Aurelianum"), is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in France. The diocese currently corresponds to the Départment of Loiret. The current bishop is Jacques André Blaquart, appointed in 2010.
The diocese has experienced a number of transfers among different metropolitans. In 1622, the diocese was suffragan of the Archdiocese of Paris; previously the diocese had been a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Sens. From 1966 until 2001 it was under the jurisdiction of the Archdiocese of Bourges, but since the provisional reorganisation of French ecclesiastical provinces, it is now subject to the Archdiocese of Tours.
After the Revolution it was re-established by the Concordat of 1802. It then included the Departments of Loiret and Loir et Cher, but in 1822 Loir et Cher was moved to the new Diocese of Blois.
Jurisdiction.
The present Diocese of Orléans differs considerably from that of the old regime; it has lost the arrondissement of Romorantin which has passed to the diocese of Blois and the canton of Janville, now in the diocese of Chartres. It includes the arrondissement of Montargis, formerly subject to the archdiocese of Sens, the arrondissement of Gien, once in the Burgundian diocese of Auxerre, and the canton of Châtillon sur Loire, once belonging to the archdiocese of Bourges.
Bishops.
Of the eighth-century bishops, Theodulfus was notable. It is not known when he began to govern, but it is certain that he was already bishop in 798, when Charlemagne sent him into Narbonne and Provence as missus dominicus. Under king Louis le Débonnaire he was accused of aiding the rebellious King of Italy, was deposed and imprisoned four years in a monastery at Angers, but was released when Louis came to Angers in 821, reportedly after hearing Theodulfus sing All Glory, Laud and Honour. The "Capitularies" which Theodulfus addressed to the clergy of Orléans are considered a most important monument of Catholic tradition on the duties of priests and the faithful. His Ritual, his Penitential, his treatise on baptism, confirmation and the Eucharist, his edition of the Bible, a work of fine penmanship preserved in the Puy cathedral, reveal him as one of the foremost men of his time. His fame rests chiefly on his devotion to the spread of learning. The Abbey of Ferrières was then becoming under Alcuin a centre of learning. Theodulfus opened the Abbey of Fleury to the young noblemen sent thither by Charlemagne, invited the clergy to establish free schools in the country districts, and quoted for them, "These that are learned shall shine as the brightness of the firmament: and they that instruct many to justice, as stars to all eternity" (Dan., xii 3). One monument of his time still survives in the diocese, the apse of the church of Germigny-des-Prés modelled after the imperial chapel, and yet retaining its unique mosaic decoration.
Other noteworthy bishops are:
History.
To Gerbert, Abbot of St. Pierre le Vif at Sens (1046–79), is due a detailed narrative according to which Saint Savinianus and Saint Potentianus were sent to Sens by St. Peter with St. Altirius; the latter, it was said, came to Orléans as its first bishop. Before the ninth century there is no historical trace in the diocese of Sens of this Apostolic mission of St. Altinus, nor in the diocese of Orléans before the end of the fifteenth. Diclopitus is the first authentic bishop; he figures among the bishops of Gaul who (about 344) ratified the absolution of St. Athanasius. Other bishops of the early period are: St. Euvertius (who features in the Calendar of the Book of Common Prayer), about 355 to 385, according to M. Cuissard; Anianus (385-453), who invoked the aid of the "patrician" Ætius against the invasion of Attila, and forced the Huns to raise the siege of Orléans Gregory of Tours, "The History of the Franks" II.6-7; St. Prosper (453-63); St. Monitor (about 472); St. Flou (Flosculus), died in 490; St. Eucherius (717-43), native of Orléans and a monk of Jumièges, who protested against the depredations of Waifre, a companion of Charles Martel, and was first exiled by this prince to Cologne, then to Liège, and died at the monastery of St. Trond.
After his victory over the Alamanni, the Frankish king Clovis was bent on the sack of Verdun, but the archpriest there obtained mercy for his fellow-citizens. To St. Euspicius and his nephew St. Mesmin (Maximinus), Clovis also gave the domain of Micy, near Orléans at the confluence of the Loire and the Loiret, for a monastery (508). When Euspicius died, the said St. Maximinus became abbot, and during his rule the religious life flourished there notably. The monks of Micy contributed much to the civilization of the Orléans region; they cleared and drained the lands and taught the semi-barbarous inhabitants the worth and dignity of agricultural work. Early in the eighth century, Theodulfus restored the Abbey of Micy and at his request St. Benedict of Aniane sent fourteen monks and visited the abbey himself. The last abbot of Micy, Chapt de Rastignac, was one of the victims of the 1792 "September Massacres", at Paris, in the prison of L'Abbaye.
From Micy monastery, which counted many saints, monastic life spread within and around the diocese. St. Liphardus and St. Urbicius founded the Abbey of Meung-sur-Loire; St. Lyé (Lætus) died a recluse in the forest of Orléans; St. Viatre (Viator) in Sologne; St. Doulchard in the forest of Ambly near Bourges. St. Leonard introduced the monastic life into the territory of Limoges; St. Almir, St. Ulphacius, and St. Bomer in the vicinity of Montmirail; St. Avitus (died about 527) in the district of Chartres; St. Calais (died before 536) and St. Leonard of Vendœuvre (died about 570) in the valley of the Sarthe; St. Fraimbault and St. Constantine in the Javron forest, and the aforesaid St. Bomer (died about 560) in the Passais near Laval; St. Leonard of Dunois; St. Alva and St. Ernier in Perche; St. Laumer (died about 590) became Abbot of Corbion. St. Lubin (Leobinus), a monk of Micy, became Bishop of Chartres from 544-56. Finally saint Ay (Agilus), Viscount of Orléans (died after 587), was also a protector of Micy.
Saints.
Among the notable saints of the diocese are:
St. Maurus, called to France by St. Innocent, Bishop of Le Mans, and sent thither by St. Benedict, resided at Orléans with four companions in 542. St. Radegonde, on her way from Noyon to Poitiers in 544, and St. Columbanus, exiled from Luxeuil at the close of the sixth century, both visited Orléans. Charlemagne had the church of St. Aignan rebuilt and reconstructed the monastery of St. Pierre le Puellier. In the cathedral of Orléans on 31 December, 987, Hugh Capet had his son Robert (born at Orléans) crowned king. Innocent II and St. Bernard visited Fleury and Orléans in 1130.
Pilgrimages.
The principal pilgrimages of the diocese are: Our Lady of Bethlehem, at Ferrières; Our Lady of Miracles in Orléans city, dating back to the seventh century (Joan of Arc visited the sanctuary on 8 May 1429); Our Lady of Cléry, dating from the thirteenth century, visited by kings Philip the Fair, Philip VI, and especially by Louis XI, who wore in his hat a leaden image of "Notre Dame de Cléry" and who wished to have his tomb in this sanctuary where Dunois, one of the heroes of the Hundred Years' War, was also interred.
Later history.
The people of Orléans were so impressed by the preaching of Blessed Robert of Arbrissel in 1113 that he was invited to found the monastery of La Madeleine, which he re-visited in 1117 with St. Bernard of Thiron. The charitable deeds of king St. Louis at Puiseaux, Châteauneuf-sur-Loire, and Orléans, where he was present at the translation of the relics of St. Aignan (26 October 1259), and where he frequently went to care for the poor of the Hôtel Dieu, are well known. Pierre de Beaufort, Archdeacon of Sully and canon of Orléans, was, as Gregory XI (1371-8), the last pope that France gave to the Church; he created Cardinal Jean de la Tour d'Auvergne, Abbot of St. Benoît-sur Loire. Blessed Jeanne de Valois was Duchess of Orléans and after her separation from Louis XII (1498) she established, early in the sixteenth century, the monastery of L'Annonciade at Châteauneuf-sur-Loire. Etienne Dolet (1509–46), a printer, philologian, and pamphleteer, executed at Paris and looked upon by some as a "martyr of the Renaissance", was a native of Orléans. Cardinal Odet de Coligny, who joined the Reformation about 1560, was Abbot of St. Euvertius, of Fontainejean, Ferrières, and St. Benoît. Admiral Coligny (1519–72) (see Saint Bartholomew's Day) was born at Châtillon-sur-Loing in the present diocese. At the beginning of the religious wars, Orléans was disputed between the followers of the Guise family and of the Protestant Condé. In the vicinity of Orléans, Duke Francis of Guise was assassinated on 3 February 1562.
The Calvinist Jacques Bongars, councillor of king Henry IV of France, who collected and edited the chronicles of the Crusades in his "Gesta Dei per Francos", was born at Orléans in 1554. The Jesuit Denis Petav (Petavius), a renowned scholar and theologian, was born at Orléans in 1583. St. Francis of Sales came to Orléans in 1618 and 1619. Venerable Mother Françoise de la Croix (1591–1657), a pupil of St. Vincent de Paul, who founded the congregation of Augustinian Sisters of Charity of Notre Dame, was born at Petay in the diocese. The Miramion family, to which Marie Bonneau is celebrated in the annals of charity under the name of Mme de Miramion (1629–96), belonged by marriage, were from Orléans. St. Jane de Chantal was superior of the Orléans convent of the Visitation in 1627. Mme Guyon, celebrated in the annals of Quietism, was born at Montargis in 1648.
France was saved from English domination through the deliverance of Orléans by Joan of Arc (8 May 1429). On 21 July 1455, her rehabilitation was publicly proclaimed at Orléans in a solemn procession, and before her death in November 1458, Isabel Romée, the mother of Joan of Arc, saw a monument erected in honour of her daughter, at Tournelles, near the Orléans bridge. The monument, destroyed by the Huguenots in 1567, was set up again in 1569 when the Catholics were once more masters of the city. Until 1792, and again from 1802 to 1830, finally from 1842 to the present day, a great religious feast, celebrated 8 May of every year at Orléans in honour of Joan of Arc, attracted multitudes.
The Church of Orléans was the last in France to take up again the Roman liturgy (1874). The Sainte Croix cathedral, perhaps built and consecrated by St. Euvertius in the fourth century, was destroyed by fire in 999 and rebuilt from 1278 to 1329; the Protestants pillaged and destroyed it from 1562 to 1567; the Bourbon kings restored it in the seventeenth century.
Twentieth century.
Prior to the Associations Law of 1901, the Diocese of Orléans counted Franciscans, Benedictines, Missionary Priests of the Society of Mary, Lazarists, Missionaries of the Sacred Heart and several orders of teaching Brothers. Among the congregations of women which originated in this diocese must be mentioned: the Calvary Benedictines, a teaching and nursing order founded in 1617 by Princess Antoinette d'Orléans-Longueville, and the Capuchin Leclerc du Tremblay known as Père Joseph; the Sisters of St. Aignan, a teaching order founded in 1853 by Bishop Dupanloup, with mother-house in Orléans.
Twentieth-century bishops of Orleans included Guy Riobé, whose opposition to nuclear weapons led to an altercation with a member of Georges Pompidou's government, and his successor, Jean-Marie Lustiger, who was appointed in 1979 after a long interregnum and shortly afterwards translated to Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="5916940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916940" title="Steve Renouf">
Steve Renouf

Stephen Renouf (born 8 June 1970 in Murgon, Queensland) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s, 90s and 2000s. Of Aboriginal and European descent, he was known as one of the sport's greatest centres. Renouf set numerous records for the Brisbane Broncos club and is considered one of the greatest footballers to have played for them. After spending eleven years with Brisbane, which yielded four premierships, he left Australia to play for English club Wigan Warriors, where he spent two seasons before retiring. He has since been named in Australia's Indigenous team of the century (1908–2007).
Playing career.
Brisbane Broncos.
Having developed his game with the Broncos since his teen years, Renouf made his debut in the first grade side in 1989. He scored his first try for the club in 1990, and the following year went on to set a new club record of four tries in a home fixture and be the Broncos' top try scorer of the 1991 Brisbane Broncos season and 1992 (along with Allan Langer) seasons. In 1992 the Broncos claimed their first premiership, winning the Winfield Cup Grand Final against St. George 28-8, which was highlighted by a 98 metre try to Renouf in the second half. After Willie Carne had somehow managed to avoid being trapped in his in-goal, Broncos captain Allan Langer passed to Renouf who stepped inside Rex Terp and took off downfield with no one in front of him. Dragons winger Ricky Walford gave chase and made ground on him, but failed to stop Renouf from scoring.
In the weeks following the Broncos Grand Final win, Renouf travelled with the Kangaroos to England for the 1992 World Cup Final at the famous Wembley Stadium. Renouf made his debut for Australia in front of an international rugby league record attendance of 73,631 fans, scoring the only try of the match after running off a pass from Broncos team mate Kevin Walters in the second half. Australia defeated Great Britain 10–6 to win their sixth Rugby League World Cup. A week later, Renouf played for Brisbane in the 1992 World Club Challenge against 1991-92 British champions Wigan at Central Park in Wigan. The Broncos capped their best year by defeating Wigan 22-8 and becoming the first Australian team to win the World Club Challenge in England.
The Broncos reached the 1993 Grand Final, again against the St. George Dragons and again won it, claiming a second consecutive premiership. They did it the hard way in 1993, finishing the regular season in 5th place. From their they defeated Manly-Warringah 36-10 in the Minor Preliminary Final, Canberra 30-12 in the Minor Semi-final, and Canterbury-Bankstown 23-16 in the Preliminary final (Renouf missed both games due to a broken jaw suffered in an off-field incident before the finals). Renouf made his comeback in a hard fought Grand Final 14-6 over the Dragons in front of 42,329 at the Sydney Football Stadium.
On 23 April 1994 Renouf broke the club record for scoring the most tries in an away fixture by scoring four tries in the game against the Balmain Tigers at the Optus Oval in Melbourne. During the 1994 NSWRL season, Renouf played at centre for defending premiers Brisbane when they hosted British champions Wigan for the 1994 World Club Challenge. In front of a WCC record attendance of 54,220 at Brisbane's ANZ Stadium, Wigan reversed the 1992 result with a shock 20-14 win. Also in 1994, Renouf scored the most tries in a season in the Broncos' history, leading the year's NSWRL premiership's try-scorers list, with 23 tries, though the Broncos premiership run came to an end with a tough 15-14 loss to the North Sydney Bears in the Semi-finals thanks to a field goal by Bears halfback Jason Taylor.
At the end of the 1994 NSWRL season, he was selected to go on the 1994 Kangaroo tour and starred for the Kangaroos in their Ashes series win over Great Britain. Renouf, who scored his second Wembley try in the 8-4 loss to Great Britain in the first test, and another in the 38-8 second test win at Old Trafford in Manchester, just missed out on joining Ken Irvine (1963), Sam Backo (1988) and his 1994 Kangaroos centre partner (and team captain) Mal Meninga (1990) in scoring a try in every test of an Ashes series when he dropped a pass only 5 metres out from scoring in the deciding test (won 23-4 by Australia) at Elland Road in Leeds. Renouf finished with 12 tries on tour from 9 games, second only to the Kangaroo tours leading try scorer Andrew Ettingshausen who scored 15 tries in 11 games.
Renouf was the Broncos' top try-scorer in 1995 (along with Michael Hancock), 1996 and 1999.
Dubbed a 'try-scoring machine', in total Renouf scored four tries on five occasions:
In 1997, Renouf scored 14 tries, which included a hat-trick against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the 1997 Super League grand final on 20 September at ANZ Stadium in Brisbane's 26–8 victory. He was therefore named man-of-the-match. No other player would score 3 tries in a Grand Final until Manly winger Michael Robertson did so in 2008.
He played centre at for the Brisbane Broncos in their win at the 1998 NRL grand final. Over a decade after leaving the Broncos he was still the club's all-time leading try scorer, having amassed a total of 142 tries.
Wigan Warriors.
Renouf's Wigan Warriors debut came in round four of the Challenge Cup against Whitehaven at Central Park. he scored two tries on debut in his side's mammoth 98–4 victory.
In 2000, Renouf was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for his contribution to Australia's international standing in rugby league. Renouf played for the Wigan Warriors at centre their 2000 Super League Grand Final loss against St Helens RLFC. His final game for the Wigan Warriors and indeed his last game at the highest level was the 2001 Super League Grand Final on 13 October at Old Trafford in Manchester. His side lost to the Bradford Bulls by 37–6.
Upon his time at Wigan Warriors, Renouf quoted "The two years at Wigan were absolutely brilliant. I would have liked to stay but they didn’t want to retain me"
Back in Australia.
Following his return to Australia he continued playing football for Easts in the Queensland Cup alongside former Broncos teammate Darren Smith.
In 2006 Renouf became the 7th former player inducted into the Broncos official Hall of Fame.
During the 2007 season at the Broncos' 20-year anniversary celebration, the club announced a list of the 20 best players to play for them to date which included Renouf.
In August, 2008, Renouf was named at centre in the "Indigenous Team of the Century".
Life off the field.
At the age of 23, six years after signing with the Brisbane Broncos, Renouf was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. Renouf remembers that he "had been losing weight quite rapidly, was always going to the toilet and though it was the start of pre-season, [he had no energy, couldn’t lift anything in the gym". He decided to go to the doctor and found out that he had the disease. According to Renouf "diabetes is not all doom and gloom, you can live with it." His advice to young people who have diabetes is "Never think that it can stop you from achieving your goals. Just look after it, and you can achieve anything. I looked after it...I knew I had to if I wanted to keep playing football."
Outside of rugby league, Renouf has an apprenticeship as an electrician and has also worked in the industry of sales and marketing. He is married and has five children - four sons and one daughter. He is currently working for the Get Active Queensland Schools Program which promotes physical activity amongst children.
Renouf is currently employed by Synectics edge, part of QR National.
Since retirement, Renouf has worked as a sideline commentator for Triple M's "Blood, Sweat and Beers" sports show.

</doc>
<doc id="5916948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916948" title="College of Business Administration (CBA)">
College of Business Administration (CBA)

In the year 2000, the Institute of Business Administration (IBA) was established as a private institute for business and commerce studies. It had become the College of Business Administration (CBA) in 2003. Currently, it has grown to be known by the name of UBT (University of Business and Technology).
About.
Vision.
To be recognized as the pre-eminent business college that develops business leaders and nurtures entrepreneurial attitudes, skills and competencies.
Mission.
Twofold;
Accreditation.
Accredited by the Saudi Ministry of Higher Education.
In June 2012, UBT was formally awarded the National Accreditation NCAAA (National Commission for Academic Accreditation and Assessment). CBA is the first 
private college in Saudi Arabia that pursuits and works for the national accreditation to receive the Institutional and Programs accreditation from the NCAAA for the period May 2010 to May 2014 for the following five programs:
CBA did not apply for accrediting Supply Chain Management program since "the students had not graduated from the program yet", as announced by Dr. Abdullah Dahlan (Board of Trustee, Chairman).
Fee Structure.
Amount per credit hour is SAR 1400 (approx.). For a freshman, a maximum of four courses can be taken - usually, each course is of 3 credit hours (sometimes 4) - so she/he will have to pay an average of SAR 16,800 (1400 * 3(hrs) * 4(courses no.)) for courses and registration fee of SAR 250, totaling SAR 17,050 (book fees aside).
Academics.
The college offers bachelor of business administration (BBA) degrees with the following specializations:

</doc>
<doc id="5916953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916953" title="Vulich">
Vulich

Vulich may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5916957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916957" title="Green Lady">
Green Lady

Green Lady may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5916969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916969" title="Romulus Buia">
Romulus Buia

Romulus Buia (born 15 June 1970 in Baia Mare) is a Romanian former football player, currently the manager of FC Maramureş Universitar Baia Mare. He was nicknamed "Figo from Berceni" by the fans of Rocar Bucharest which played the home games on the "Drumul Gazarului" field in the Berceni Neighborhood in Bucharest, because of the similarities with the Portuguese football star Luís Figo.
Career.
Buia made his professional debut at the age of 18, playing for Minerul Cavnic in the Romanian Divizia B, before joining FC Baia Mare at the age of 19, a club also from Divizia B.
In 1991, at the age of 21, he made international debut against United States in a friendly game. He also played for Romania national football team in 1992, this time against Mexico.
FC Barcelona paid a close attention to him during the 1991-92 season. In the summer of 1992, Johan Cruijff, the Catalan side coach, invited him to train with the team but in the end the transfer did not materialised.
Buia started the 1992-93 at FC Baia Mare but was then transferred to Germinal Ekeren (3550) of Belgium during the season. He played in Belgium for two years, before being loaned back to Romania, this time at Universitatea Craiova, therefore making his debut in Romanian top league, Divizia A. In 1995 he returned to Ekeren but after at half season he terminated his contract and returned in Romania, signing a contract with Sportul Studenţesc of Bucharest, before joining again Universitatea Craiova for two seasons.
In 1998 his contract with Universitatea Craiova terminated and he failed to find another one with a top team, and therefored played for Progresul Şomcuta Mare, a team from the Romanian fourth division.
In 2000 he returned to Divizia A after signing a contract with Rocar Bucharest. After only a year he joined Dinamo Bucharest but left the team at the end of 2001 to play for Gloria Bistriţa.
In 2002 he was signed by FCU Politehnica Timişoara, where he stayed until 2005, before being sacked by the new Timișoara coach, Cosmin Olăroiu and subsequently joining Pandurii Târgu Jiu.
In the season 2005-06 he played at Minerul Valea Copcii in Liga III before signing for AS Covaci in Romanian Liga IV.
After retiring from professional football, Romulus Buia became a businessman specialising in retail.
Now he is a player coach for Liga IV club FC Chişoda.

</doc>
<doc id="5916991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5916991" title="Parent, Quebec">
Parent, Quebec

Parent is a community in northern Quebec, Canada, located within the City of La Tuque and about north-west of La Tuque's town centre. In 2006, it had a population of 251, and in 2001, it had 295.
During the summer, it becomes the supply point for several dozen outfitters, and in the winter it is a major centre for the snowmobile industry. The Kruger sawmill, with 150 workers, is the main employer of the region. The Bazin River that flows through town is popular for 5- to 7-day canoe trips that end at the Gatineau River.
History.
Parent was founded in 1910 when the National Transcontinental Railway was built through the area. It was named after Simon-Napoléon Parent, Québec Premier from 1900 to 1905 and Chairman of the Board of Transcontinental Railway from 1905 to 1911. In 1913, the Parish of Saint-Thomas was formed and two years later in 1915, the Parent Post Office opened.
In 1947, the Village Municipality of Parent was established. The town was the site of a Pinetree Line radar site (RCAF Station Parent) from 1954 to 1963.
On March 26, 2003, Le Haut-Saint-Maurice Regional County Municipality was dissolved and all its municipalities and unorganized territories, including Parent, were amalgamated into the new City of La Tuque.

</doc>
<doc id="5917005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917005" title="Serginho Chulapa">
Serginho Chulapa

Sérgio Bernardino, also known as Serginho or Serginho Chulapa (born December 23, 1953) was an association footballer who played striker.
Career.
Born in São Paulo, Serginho began his professional football career in 1974, playing for Marília, São Paulo Futebol Clube, Santos, Corinthians, Marítimo (Portugal), Atlético Sorocaba, Portuguesa Santista, Malatyaspor (1988–1989) and São Caetano. Serginho won the Campeonato Paulista three times and the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A once with São Paulo and won the Paulista again with Santos.
For the Brazilian team he was capped twenty times between May 1979 and July 1982, and participated at 1982 FIFA World Cup, where he played in all five matches and scored two goals. 
Serginho further represented Brazil in the 1990 edition of the World Cup of Masters, scoring in the final against Holland.
After retiring he became a football coach and journalist. He managed Santos FC in 2001. Nowadays he has a job on Santos FC as second coach helping the coach of the team

</doc>
<doc id="5917019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917019" title="George Mercer Brooke, Jr.">
George Mercer Brooke, Jr.

George Mercer Brooke, Jr. (October 21, 1914 – June 16, 2006) was Professor Emeritus of History at the Virginia Military Institute (VMI).
Background.
George Mercer Brooke Jr. was born in Tokyo, Japan, son of George Mercer Brooke and Isabel Tilton Brooke.
He was educated at the VMI, where he obtained a bachelor's degree, he earned a master's degree from Washington & Lee University, and a Ph.D. degree from the University of North Carolina.
Career.
He spent 38 years on the faculty of VMI, and as head of the History Department from 1965 to 1970. He retired in 1980. He was also an author on issues related to the Far East and American diplomatic history. His grandfather, John Mercer Brooke was instrumental in gaining diplomatic relations with the Far East, especially with Japan. 
Colonel George Mercer Brooke Jr. was also President of the Stonewall Jackson (Jackson had been an educator at VMI) Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America, member and officer of the Rockbridge County, Virginia Historical Society, and chairman of the VMI Sesquicentennial Committee.
Three Generations of Brooke family at Virginia Military Institute.
(1.) John Mercer Brooke was an educator and inventor who taught at V.M.I. and partly for whom Maury-Brooke Hall is named. Brooke invented the deep-sea sounding and core sampling device and the Brooke gun.
(2.) George Mercer Brooke II (1875-) was an educator at VMI.
(3.) George Mercer Brooke Jr.; educator and author. He wrote, "Ironclads and Big Guns of the Confederacy The Journal and Letters of John Mercer Brooke" (Studies in Maritime History) 
Colonel Brooke donated a lot of original correspondence to VMI between Matthew Fontaine Maury and John Mercer Brooke( both USN & CSN). Both men were VMI instructors after the American Civil War and both had worked together at the United States Naval Observatory, USN, before the American Civil War. Matthew M. Maury and John M. Brooke knew each other and worked together most of their lives before, during, and after the American Civil War and were kinsmen just as George Mercer Brooke Jr. et al. is a kinsman to the Fontaine and Maury families with an extensive number of related descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="5917022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917022" title="Champs-Élysées stage in the Tour de France">
Champs-Élysées stage in the Tour de France

The Tour de France has finished on the Champs-Élysées every year since 1975. In the first edition of 1903, the finish was at Ville-d'Avray; from 1904 to 1967 in Parc des Princes track and from 1968 to 1974 at the Vélodrome de Vincennes track.
History.
In the first Tour of 1903, the finish was at Ville-d'Avray. From 1904 to 1967 it was at the Parc des Princes track and from 1968 to 1974, during the heyday of Eddy Merckx, at the Vélodrome de Vincennes.
In 1974, Félix Lévitan, co-director of the Tour, and reporter Yves Mourousi suggested a finish on the Champs-Élysées. Mourousi directly contacted French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing to obtain permission.
The first stage took place in 1975: this was a Paris-Paris stage of 25 laps (163.5 km). The Belgian Walter Godefroot won the sprint and Bernard Thévenet received the yellow jersey from the hands of Valéry Giscard d'Estaing. In 1977, French Alain Meslet became the first rider to win alone. Since 1978, the Tour launched from outside the city. Since then, only the end of the stage follows the route, and the number of laps has varied between six and eight, except for 2003, when the Tour commemorated the centenary of the event, and for 2013, to celebrate the 100th edition of the race, by having riders complete 10 laps of the circuit.
Arrivals.
Due to the high profile of the last day as well as its setting, the stage is prestigious. The overall Tour placings are typically settled before the final stage so the racing is often for the glory of finishing the Tour and, at times, to settle the points classification. 
Traditionally, the stage starts with champagne served by the race leader's team, on-the-road photo opportunities and joking around. As the riders approach Paris, the racing heats up as the sprinters and their teams begin the real racing of the day. When the riders reach central Paris, they enter the Champs-Élysées riding up the Rue de Rivoli, on to the Place de la Concorde and then swing right on to the Champs-Élysées itself. The riders ride now a total of 8 laps (up towards the Arc de Triomphe, down the Champs-Élysées, round les Tuileries and the Louvre and across the Place de la Concorde back to the Champs-Élysées). In past Tours, the riders would complete ten laps before the Tour was over.
When a rider has reached a significant milestone over the course of the concluding Tour, it is customary for the peloton to let him enter the Champs-Elysées section of the stage in first place. Such an honor was bestowed upon American George Hincapie in 2012, in recognition of his final and record setting 17th Tour de France.
While a number of riders will try to pull away from the peloton on the Champs-Elysées, chances of success are slim and these attempts are often seen as one last opportunity for teams to showcase their colors. It is extremely hard for a small group to resist the push of chasing sprinter's teams on the stage's flat circuit, even more so than in a linear race, and the overwhelming majority have ended in a mass sprint.
In early years, breakaway wins did not appear uncommon. A surprising three straight occurred between 1977 and 1979. However with the advent of modern racing tactics, the feat has become very rare, lending an increasingly valued place in Tour lore to the few who have achieved it. Those are Frenchmen Alain Meslet (1977), Bernard Hinault (1979) and Eddy Seigneur (1994), Dutch Gerrie Knetemann (1978), American Jeff Pierce (1987), and Kazakhstani Alexander Vinokourov (2005).
General classification.
There are a few exceptions, in which the last stage saw attacks on the leading position in the general classification.
1979.
In 1979, Joop Zoetemelk was 3:07 behind Bernard Hinault before the final stage. Zoetemelk attacked on the last stage, hoping to win enough time to claim the victory. Hinault chased Zoetemelk, and beat him for the stage victory.
1989.
In 1989, Greg LeMond beat Laurent Fignon by 58 seconds over a 24 km time trial from Versailles. In doing so, he closed a 50-second gap to win the 1989 Tour de France by eight seconds. It was the first (and only) time trial final stage on the Champs-Élysées. The 1964, 1965 and 1967 Tours finished with time trials to the Parc des Princes, and the 1968 to 1971 stages had time trials to the Vélodrome de Vincennes (Cipale).
2005.
In 2005, Lance Armstrong had a comfortable lead in the general classification, but behind him Alexander Vinokourov and Levi Leipheimer were only two seconds apart, on fifth and sixth place. Vinokourov succeeded in a breakaway during the last kilometre and, because of his stage win and bonus seconds, overtook Leipheimer for fifth position overall.
Points classification.
In some years, the points classification was decided on that last stage.
1984.
In 1984, Frank Hoste had been leading the points classification for most of the race, but Sean Kelly had taken over the lead on the penultimate stage, with a difference of 4 points. Hoste ended third in the last stage against Kelly fifth, which made Hoste the winner by 4 points.
1987.
In the final stages of the 1987 Tour de France, the lead in the points classification switched between Jean-Paul van Poppel and Stephen Roche. Before the final stage, Roche was leading by 17 points, but during the last stage Van Poppel won back 16 points by intermediate sprints. Van Poppel's ninth place in the stage was then enough to win the points classification by 16 points.
1991.
In 1991, Djamolidine Abdoujaparov clipped his wheels on barriers. With less than 100m left he tumbled head-over-heels in a spectacular crash. After he regained consciousness, he was helped across the line to clinch the sprinters' competition.
2001.
In 2001, Stuart O'Grady had been leading the points classification for most of the race, but Erik Zabel overtook him at the final moment.
2003.
In 2003, the green jersey was settled by a close finish between Baden Cooke and Robbie McEwen finishing 2nd and 3rd respectively, this meant that Baden Cooke finished with 216 points to Robbie McEwen's 214.

</doc>
<doc id="5917024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917024" title="OFA">
OFA

OFA or Ofa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917055" title="Open Relay Behavior-modification System">
Open Relay Behavior-modification System

Open Relay Behavior-modification System (ORBS), created and run by Alan Brown in New Zealand, was one of the first DNS-based Blackhole Lists (DNSBL), a means by which an internet domain may publish a list of IP addresses, in a database which can be easily queried automatically by other computer programs on the Internet.
The ORBS list was used to blacklist IP addresses that were open mail relays, third-party mail servers through which spammers can relay their messages and thus attempt to obfuscate the source of the spam.
Controversy.
The ORBS list was controversial for a number of reasons. Many people felt that the methods ORBS employed to scan the Internet for open mail servers could be abusive. ORBS used probes to test for open relays without permission, sometimes over and over again. Some claimed that testing of their networks continued even after they asked ORBS to stop, others claimed that relayed spam didn't stop either. In some cases the tests interfered with mail servers, causing delays, especially when those servers were assigned hundreds of IP addresses. 
Related to the testing regime, which was excessive in the eyes of a number of email administrators, Brown's policy of adding servers he was unable to test to the list, whether or not they were actually open relays, was also a matter of dispute. Another complaint was that open relays that had never sent spam were listed without notice. False listings on ORBS were also alleged, particularly when Brown was engaged in legal or other dispute against the listed party 
A website was created in 2001 by Brad Baker called stoporbs.org, to offer assistance to other mail administrators who had been listed on the ORBS blacklist for reasons other than open relays. Many administrators felt that by listing servers for other than the reasons advertised (open relays), the list was not reliable for the supposed purpose.
Lawsuits.
ORBS was created and run by Alan Brown in New Zealand. It was shut down in 2001 due to Brown's health and money issues and two lawsuits brought by companies listed on ORBS, Xtra and Actrix, which he had refused to remove. The companies were listed by ORBS because they blocked its probes and they kept relaying spam. Brown was forced to sell his Internet service provider, Manawatu Internet Services, to cover expenses, and to state that the companies had been listed inappropriately.
Brown also had a defamation lawsuit brought against him, O'Brien v Brown. The court ruled that Brown made defamatory comments about Patrick O'Brien, CEO of Domainz, which is the .nz domain registrar. The comments were made in the Domainz discussion group. When Brown was offered a chance to apologize, he made additional defamatory comments. Following O'Brien's victory and the awarding of $42,000 to him, Brown claimed that his net worth was only $500, which he said is why he did not have a lawyer
Aftermath.
Several groups had cached the lists, retested the open relays, and replaced ORBS. Running an open relay became even a bigger problem than before. DNSBLs listing open relays got so effective that spammers shifted to insecure proxy servers.
The Internet Society of New Zealand council seats (and subsequently the Domainz board) were filled by "rebel" members in elections in July 2000. O'Brien departed to run Singapore's Internet registry.

</doc>
<doc id="5917056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917056" title="The End of the Pier International Film Festival">
The End of the Pier International Film Festival

The End of the Pier International Film Festival is a not-for profit independent film festival based in West Sussex, England. The festival began in 2002 and showed work by local film makers, but it has since grown to showcase shorts and features from all over the world. There are also extensive educational and heritage projects surrounding the festival.
The eighth End of the Pier International Film Festival takes place from 23-25 September 2011.
Venues used by the festival have included the Ritz Cinema in Worthing's Connaught Theatre and the Grade II* listed Dome Cinema. The festival were first held Bognor Regis, before moving to Worthing in 2009. Reasons cited for the move were enthusiastic support for the festival in Worthing. The 2013 event will return to Bognor Regis.
Awards at the festival include End Of The Pier International Film Festival Grand Prix, Best UK Feature Drama, Best UK Feature Documentary, Best Short Drama, Best Comedy Drama Short Film, Best Animation, Best Experimental Short Film, Best Documentary Short, Best European Short Film, Best International Short Film and Short Film Scriptwriting.

</doc>
<doc id="5917073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917073" title="Gary Dempsey (Irish footballer)">
Gary Dempsey (Irish footballer)

Gary William Dempsey (born 15 January 1981 in Wexford, Republic of Ireland) is an Irish footballer who plays for Bray Wanderers in the League of Ireland.
Career.
After a successful career at Cherry Orchard F.C. in 1997 Dempsey signed a 4-year contract with Everton F.C. and moved to Merseyside soon after his 16th birthday. He spent 4 years at Everton and was part of the team that won the FA Youth Cup with the likes of Richard Dunne and Francis Jeffers.
Dempsey returned to Bray where over two spells he scored a total of over 5 goals in 58 total appearances. He moved on to Waterford United where he was awarded the Supporters Player of the Year for the 2001-02 League of Ireland season.
In 2002 he was signed by Scottish side Dunfermline Athletic where he made 80 league appearances over a three-year period, scoring seven league goals. He scored on his debut against Celtic at Parkhead in front of 66,000 fans. At Dunfermline, Gary soon established himself a regular in the team and won Young Player of the Year in his first season. In his second season he helped Dunfermline into the 2004 Scottish Cup Final against Celtic in what was the great Henrik Larsson's last game.
Having lost the final 3–1 Dunfermline secured a place in the 2004-05 UEFA Cup where they lost to Icelandic part timers Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar 4–3 on aggregate with Dempsey scoring in the home leg which was played at McDiarmid Park.
When Jimmy Calderwood left Dunfermline to manage Aberdeen he wasted no time in signing Gary on a two and a half-year deal.
The central midfielder made an uneasy start to his Aberdeen career. Although blessed with fine technical ability and good vision, Dempsey struggled with the physical rigours of the SPL in the Aberdeen midfield. Under pressure from a large section of the Dons support, Dempsey travelled to Doncaster to spend a time on trial with Doncaster Rovers in January 2006. A move failed to materialise, and although Dempsey returned to Aberdeen, his future at the club looked bleak. But as the 2005–06 season drew to a close, he forced his way back into the first team picture after a number of fine bit-part performances.
On 26 March 2007, Aberdeen announced that he had rejected their final contract offer, and shortly afterwards he signed for Yeovil Town.
St Patrick's Athletic announced his signing on 31 January 2008. Gary scored the equaliser away to IF Elfsborg in the UEFA Cup.
In November 2008 he was suspended after admitting betting against his own team albeit in a game in which he was not appearing.
He signed for Darlington along with former Shamrock Rovers striker Tadhg Purcell in January 2010. He made his full league debut against Rotherham United which ended in a 2–1 win for his new club.
He was released by the club following their relegation from League 2, along with 13 other players. On 30 July 2010, Dempsey signed for former club Bray Wanderers
Dempsey was Player of the Month for April 2011 and capped off the season by winning the clubs Player of the Year award
He then went on to decline a new contract at Bray to sign for Waterford United. He started the league campaign with a 6–0 loss against South-East rivals Wexford Youths, then went on to beat hot favourites for the title Limerick 3–1. In only his third game he went on to score his first for the club where he hit a free kick from 25 yards, in what was the only goal vs Salthill Devon.
He re-signed for Bray Wanderers on 11 January 2013.
Famous quote.
He said after agreeing to play as an amateur for Aberdeen:
"I would rather be on the dole than play for Dunfermline."
Honours.
Club.
Everton

</doc>
<doc id="5917075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917075" title="Cypress Park, Los Angeles">
Cypress Park, Los Angeles

Cypress Park is a densely populated, 82.1% Latino neighborhood of 10,000+ residents in Northeast Los Angeles, California. It is the site of the Rio de Los Angeles State Park and other recreational facilities. It hosts one private and three public schools.
The area was settled as a Spanish rancho which, after the Mexican-American War, became the property of an American landowner. After his death, Cypress Park was subdivided and established as a community in 1882.
There are four Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments.
Population.
The 2000 U.S. census counted 9,764 residents in the 0,72-square-mile Cypress Park neighborhood—or 13,478 people per square mile, among the highest population densities for the city and the county. In 2008, the city estimated that the population had increased to 10,854. In 2000 the median age for residents was 27, considered young for city and county neighborhoods.
The neighborhood was "not especially diverse" ethnically within Los Angeles, with the number of Latino people considered to be high compared to the city at large—82.1% of the population. Following were Asians, 11.1%; whites, 4.9%; blacks, 0.6%; and others, 1.3%. Mexico (73.2%) and China (6.3%) were the most common places of birth for the 52.5% of the residents who were born abroad—which was a high percentage compared to Los Angeles as a whole.
The median yearly household income in 2008 dollars was $42,615, considered average for the city. Renters occupied 58.3% of the housing stock, and house- or apartment-owners held 41.7%. The average household size of 3.7 people was high for Los Angeles. The percentage of never-married females (51.8%) was among the county's highest.
Geography.
The neighborhood is situated at the confluence of the Los Angeles River and Arroyo Seco, less than 2.5 miles north of Downtown Los Angeles. It lies within a historic alluvial floodplain shared with the Elysian Valley neighborhood, which is bounded by Elysian Park and Mt. Washington.
Nearby places, not necessarily contiguous, include:
History.
The land on which Cypress Park currently occupies was first settled by the Tongva tribe of the Shoshone Native Americans. When Gaspar de Portolà and his expedition first encountered the Los Angeles River in August 1769 and described the area of the confluence of the Arroyo Seco as “a very lush green valley”. The Pueblo de Los Angeles was later founded adjacent to this location.
The area was granted as Rancho San Rafael to Jose Maria Verdugo in October 1784. In 1859, Julio Verdugo sold the southern tip of the rancho to Jessie D. Hunter, who had first arrived in Los Angeles in 1847 as a Captain in the Mormon Battalion during the Mexican-American War. Hunter had previously acquired the Rancho Cañada de Los Nogales, which contains most of present day Glassell Park. Hunter had established the first kiln-fired brickyard in Los Angeles, but sold it and took up farming when he acquired the rancho land.
After Hunter’s death the land was subdivided as the Hunter Tract and, in 1882, Cypress Park became the first of the Arroyo Seco communities to come into existence, predating Highland Park by three years.
Transportation.
Cypress Park is served by two stations on the Gold Line, the Lincoln Heights/Cypress Park Station located at W. Avenue 26/Lacy St. and Heritage Square/Arroyo Station located at French Ave./Marmion Way. It is also served by Metro Local bus lines 81, 83, 84, 90, 91, 94, and 794.
The neighborhood's main thoroughfares are Cypress Ave., San Fernando Rd., and North Figueroa St., and is served by the Golden State Freeway and Arroyo Seco Parkway, also known as the Pasadena Freeway.
Parks.
Rio de Los Angeles State Park: One of only two California State Recreation Areas in Los Angeles County, this 40-acre park boasts one of the first steps toward revitalization of the Los Angeles River by restoring natural river wetlands to the area. During the rainy season this part of the park floods and during spring it becomes a premiere location in the City of Los Angeles for wildflower viewing. Through a partnership with City of Los Angeles Department of Parks and Recreation, the park also includes numerous sports fields, a children's playground and a recreation building.
LA River Center and Gardens: Located at the former site of Lawry’s California Center, with over 6 acres of mission-style buildings and gardens, this complex is operated by the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy and is host to numerous environmental non-profits, such as Friends of the Los Angeles River, Northeast Trees, the Los Angeles Conservation Corps, LA Works, and the National Park Service Rivers, Trails and Conservation Assistance Program. The River Center gardens as well as the adjacent River Garden Park are open to the public during daylight hours; 570 W. Avenue 26.
Cypress Park Recreation Center: A public park with a baseball field, basketball courts, children's playground, and auditorium; 2630 Pepper Ave.
Greayer’s Oak Park: A pocket park named after WWI aviator Greayer Clover; corner of N. Figueroa St. and Marmion Way.
Education.
Just 8.4% of Cypress Park residents aged 25 and older had earned a four-year degree by 2000, a low figure for the city and the county. The percentage of residents with less than a high school diploma was high for the county.
Schools within the Cypress Park borders are:
Landmarks.
Cypress Park has several historic-cultural monuments.
HCM No. 404: the Huron Substation; A Los Angeles Railway traction power substation, built in 1906 and used until 1958 for the Yellow Car system.
HCM No. 735: the Jeffries House; The last remaining houses of the Jeffries family, made prominent by James J. Jeffries, boxing heavyweight Champion of the World. Built in 1911, this house was his brother’s.
HCM No. 849: the Nickel-Leong Mansion ; a large Antebellum-style Greek Revival Mansion at Isabel St. and Thorpe Ave. This house was built in 1905 for restaurateur Max Nickel and later owned by the Leong family of Chinatown. The house was designed by John C. Austin, a Los Angeles architect who was one of the designers of Los Angeles City Hall, Griffith Observatory, and the Arroyo Seco Bank Building at Figueroa St. and York Blvd.
HCM No. 908, Riverside-Figueroa Bridge.
Additionally, the Richard Henry Dana Branch (3320 Pepper Avenue), a former branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library, is #47 on the National Register of Historic Places in Los Angeles.
In the media.
Cypress Park and businesses within it are used as filming locations in feature films and music videos. The movies The Fast and the Furious, Catwoman, and Date Night as well as the television series Heroes filmed scenes in the Huron Substation. Local bar Footsie’s was used for the music video to the song “Live Your Life” by T.I., featuring Rihanna.
Future.
Cypress Park is in the beginning stages of economic revitalization, having been noted by the Los Angeles City Council and Community Redevelopment Agency of Los Angeles (CRA/LA) to have potential for economic growth. The CRA/LA has included Cypress Park in two of its proposed redevelopment plans, the Northeast Los Angeles River Project and the Cornfield Arroyo Seco Redevelopment Project.
Cypress Park is becoming closely associated with the movement to revitalize the Los Angeles River, due to the Los Angeles River Center and the Rio de Los Angeles State Park within its boundaries.
To stem economic blight, the City Council in January 2010 approved an ordinance that banned any new auto-related businesses from opening in Cypress Park and Glassell Park.

</doc>
<doc id="5917076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917076" title="Chapters (Amorphis album)">
Chapters (Amorphis album)

Chapters is a "best of" compilation by Amorphis, released in 2003. The first disc is a CD containing some of their most popular songs, and the second disc is a bonus DVD featuring the music videos recorded to promote their music.
Track listing.
All tracks by Amorphis

</doc>
<doc id="5917087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917087" title="Gabrielle Houbre">
Gabrielle Houbre

Gabrielle Houbre is a French historian. She is a lecturer at the and a member of the Institut Universitaire de France. Specializing in 19th century history, she pursues research of gender, history of sexuality, the body, sensitivities, and youth. 
After her doctoral thesis was completed under the direction of Michelle Perrot (Paris VII, 1990), she supported her accreditation in 2002 to carry out research ("Les lois du genre. Identités, pratiques, représentations sociales et culturelles. France, XIXe siècle", Paris I-Sorbonne, dir. Alain Corbin).

</doc>
<doc id="5917097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917097" title="14th Genie Awards">
14th Genie Awards

The 14th Genie Awards were held on December 12, 1993. In a bid to increase the visibility of the Genie Awards in the francophone market in Quebec, the ceremony was held in Montreal and conducted in French for the first time. Hosted by Marc Labrèche, the ceremony was broadcast live on Radio-Canada, following which CBC Television aired a live special conducting English language interviews with the winners.
Nominees and winners.
The Genie Award winner in each category is shown in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="5917106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917106" title="Body Rock">
Body Rock

Body Rock is a 1984 film directed by Marcelo Epstein about a young man "from the streets" with a talent for break-dancing. It stars Lorenzo Lamas in the lead role of 'Chilly'. The film featured music by Laura Branigan. The theme was sung by Maria Vidal, which peaked at #48 on the Hot 100, #8 on the US dance charts, and #11 in the UK.
Lamas was nominated for Worst Actor at the Golden Raspberry Awards for his performance. He also performed the track "Fools Like Me" which became his only single to date to crack the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
In his book "The Official Razzie Movie Guide", John J. B. Wilson, founder of the Golden Raspberry Awards, listed the film as one of The 100 Most Enjoyably Bad Movies Ever Made.

</doc>
<doc id="5917113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917113" title="Risk (disambiguation)">
Risk (disambiguation)

Risk is the possibility of loss or injury.
Risk or risks may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917122" title="List of contemporary French historians">
List of contemporary French historians


</doc>
<doc id="5917124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917124" title="Pentachord">
Pentachord

A pentachord in music theory may be either of two things. In pitch-class set theory, a pentachord is defined as any five pitch classes, regarded as an unordered collection (Roeder 2001). In other contexts, a pentachord may be any consecutive five-note section of a diatonic scale (Latham 2002). A pentad is a five-note chord (Bailey 1991, 450).
Under the latter definition, a diatonic scale comprises five non-transpositionally equivalent pentachords rather than seven because the Ionian and Mixolydian pentachords and the Dorian and Aeolian pentachords are intervallically identical (CDEFG=GABCD; DEFGA=ABCDE).
The name "pentachord" was also given to a musical instrument, now in disuse, built to the specifications of Sir Edward Walpole. It was demonstrated by Karl Friedrich Abel at his first public concert in London, on 5 April 1759, when it was described as "newly invented" (Knape, Carters, and McVeigh 2001). In the dedication to Walpole of his cello sonatas op. 3, the cellist/composer James Cervetto praised the pentachord, declaring: "I know not a more fit Instrument to Accompany the Voice" (Charters 1973, 1224). Performances on the instrument are documented as late as 1783, after which it seems to have fallen out of use. It appears to have been similar to a five-string violoncello (McLamore 2004, 84).

</doc>
<doc id="5917141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917141" title="Vicki Frederick">
Vicki Frederick

Vicki Frederick (born 1954 in Georgia, U.S.) is an American Television and film actress who has starred in a number of popular TV shows such as "Murder She Wrote" in 1990, and "Mork and Mindy" and "Happy Days" in 1979.
She starred in Robert Aldrich's final film "...All The Marbles" (1981), and in the 1984 rock musical film "Body Rock". But Frederick may be most remembered for her role as the sassy, elegant, long-haired dancer Sheila Bryant in the 1985 movie "A Chorus Line". It is said that Bob Fosse considered Frederick as one of his favorite dancers of stage and film.

</doc>
<doc id="5917157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917157" title="Pussy Tourette">
Pussy Tourette

Pussy Tourette is the stage name for an American drag queen, composer and singer.
She is best known for her single "French Bitch", for which a music video/short film directed by Andrei Rozen was made and included in the film festival compilation DVD "". The song is a comedic, high camp dance track about the duplicitous title character who "saw my man, so she felt the need to scratch her itch". There is a mild lyrical suggestion that the subject has had an overseas sex-change operation, though this must be inferred by the listener. The chorus is sung in Franglish and contains the double entendre "Je suis oh-so-hot! Vous-voulez my twat, s'il vous plait?". The song was remixed for club play and was well received in gay venues.

</doc>
<doc id="5917159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917159" title="Effat University">
Effat University

Effat University () is a leading private non-profit institution of higher education for women in Saudi Arabia, operating under the umbrella of King Faisal Charitable Foundation. Effat University is strengthened by the legacy of its founder, Effat Al Thunayyan, wife of the late King Faisal.
On 30 January 2009, Effat College became Effat University. The inauguration of its three colleges, the establishment of the Research and Consultancy Institute, and success achieved on the academic, education and social levels, paved the way to becoming a university.
In 2011, Effat University obtained approval for its first graduate program.
History.
Effat College was founded by the children of King Faisal and Iffat Al Thunayyan. Princess Lolowah Al Faisal played a prominent role in its founding, from raising funds, developing the curriculum, overseeing construction to the hiring of faculty and staff. Sara bint Faisal is the chair of the board of founders and board of trustees, while Lolowah is vice chair and general supervisor of the university.
Departments.
Effat University consists of the following departments:
Partnerships.
Effat University built strong relationships and agreements with a number of very well established national and international institutions and universities. These agreements support Effat’s unique social, academic and professional excellence. It has partnered with Syracuse University, Swarthmore College, Georgetown University, Mount Holyoke College, The Prince's School of Traditional Arts, American University of Cairo, the French General Consulate, Duke University, Pratt School of Engineering, University of Miami School of Architecture, University of Cincinnati College of Education Criminal Justice and Human Services, and the USC School of Cinematic Arts.
See also.
Effat University's Partnerships and Affiliations

</doc>
<doc id="5917196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917196" title="José Perácio">
José Perácio

José Perácio Berjun, also known as José Perácio (born in Nova Lima, November 2, 1917 – died in Rio de Janeiro, March 10, 1977) was a Brazilian footballer in striker role.
In career (1932–1951) he was played for Villa Nova, Botafogo, Flamengo and Canto do Rio and won three Minas Gerais state championships (1933, 1934 and 1935) and three Rio de Janeiro State Championship (1942, 1943 and 1944). For Brazilian team he was participated at 1938 FIFA World Cup, placed at third place, played in four games and scoring three goals.
He was a volunteer in the Brazilian Expedicionary Force (FEB) during World War II. 
He died at 59 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="5917207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917207" title="Bismark (anime)">
Bismark (anime)

, also known as simply Bismark, is a Japanese animated television series created by Studio Pierrot.
The series aired on Nippon Television from October 7, 1984 to September 25, 1985, totaling 51 episodes. In 1986, the rights to "Bismark" were sold to the United States company World Events Productions (WEP). WEP reorganized and rewrote the series, incorporating both original episodes and creating six new ones before releasing it under the name "Saber Rider and the Star Sheriffs".
Plot.
In the distant future, humanity has explored beyond Earth and colonized both the inner and outer planets of the Solar System. In order to protect the colonies and maintain law and order in the solar system, the Earth Federation Government (EFG) was created. Soon, many settlers started to resent the EFG's and its sphere of influence, straining the relationship between the central government and the colonies.
While a strained peace was being forged between Earth and the colonies, a race of non-human creatures known as Deathcula invaded the System. Without provocation, they attacked the colonies and killed many of the colonists. The EFG quickly realized that the Deathcula were technologically superior and their forces were hopelessly outmatched. In order to have a chance at survival, Dr. Charles Louvre developed a transformable starship known as the Bismarck.
Knowing that an advanced team of specialists were required to operate the Bismarck, four individuals came together and were charged with keeping the outer colonies safe from further Deathcula attacks.
Characters.
Bismarck team.
At 17 years old, Shinji Hikari is the Japanese team leader. A motoracing driver, Shinji is optimistic, full of energy, and is more than a little hot-headed and impulsive (the classic Anime hero). Because of his flying abilities, he follows his father’s footsteps in becoming a military pilot. But a problem with authority leads to Shinji’s dismissal. He takes up racing, and eventually becomes the youngest champion of all time. Personally, Shinji is less successful with women, becoming nervous whenever they are around. This does not prevent him from eventually becoming romantically involved with Marianne Louvre, as they have known each other since childhood.
Richard Lancelot is an 18-year-old Scottish agent assigned to the "Bismarck" team by the English Royalty's special intelligence division. He is generally depicted as being a gentleman with a cool head for tactics and decisions. Richard is an expert with both swords and horses, and is described as "legendary" for his skills and marksmanship. Having great pride in his Scottish heritage, Richard is also proficient at the bagpipes, and yearns to return home to his girlfriend, Sincia.
Bill Willcox is a famous 16-year-old American jet pilot and sharpshooter, and holds an almost infallible accuracy with firearms. When his parents were killed by the Deathcula, Bill devoted his life to avenging them, and this feeling continues even after becoming part of the "Bismarck" team. The jokester of the group, Bill is a friendly and disarming charmer, and somewhat of a loner. He is also an outrageous flirt, making mostly unsuccessful passes at nearly every woman he meets.
Marianne Louvre is the 15-year-old daughter of Professor Charles Louvre, is of French nationality and is the engineer who led the construction of the "Bismarck". A computer genius, Marianne was the chief envoy from the colonies to Earth. When the Deathcula attack, she calls on the colonies to join the EFG. During this meeting between the colony leaders, Marianne is chosen to join the "Bismarck" team, much to the pleasure of her father. Marianne is very technically minded, and most often helps her teammates from her station aboard the Bismarck. A brave girl, she's normally quite repulsed with the idea of killing anyone, even Deathcula. Marianne and Shinji have known each other since childhood, and soon become romantically involved.
Professor Charles Louvre is a scientist on Ganymede, and the father of Marianne Louvre. A well-respected politician, he founded the "Bismarck Team" during the second Deathcula attack in order to fight the Deathcula, and decided to use the most powerful arm of the EFG, the "Bismarck" robot, to defend the area around Ganymede. Louvre personally chooses Shinji Hikari as team leader.
"Voiced by:" Hiroshi Ito
Deathcula.
Deathcula are aliens who, after destroying their own planet in an internal war, transferred on the planet Metheus. Unfortunately, this planet was also dying, so the Deathcula chose to leave it and conquer the Solar System. Their technology is quite advanced, and their society is one of discipline and obedience. Physically Deathcula look and act like humans, except that they have pointed ears and canine teeth. Due to this similarity, Deathcula are easily able to infiltrate and imitate humans.
Hyuza is the chancellor of the Deathcula, and is a tall, frightening cyborg with a demonic death mask for a face. Hyuza lost his body in the battle of Saturn 15 years ago, when Shinji's father destroyed his spacecraft. He transferred his brain in the main computer of "Hell’s Paradise", and then connected it to a mechanical body, becoming a cyborg. Cold and cunning, Hyuza wishes revenge toward humans so badly that he chooses as one of his plans the idea to smash "Hell’s Paradise" into Earth, even if this means killing himself and his people as well. His most trusted commanders are Perios and Gustav, but nevertheless Hyuza keeps them under tight control.
Perios is called from Andromeda by Hyuza himself, becoming Hyuza's most trusted subordinate. Perios is a cold, self-centered strategist, is a great pilot and sharpshooter, and is good at manipulating others. He is extremely ambitious, fears no one and is overly tenacious. During the war, Perios become Bill's most dangerous rival. 
Zatola wears a grotesque helmet, and as one of the main rivals of the Bismarck Team is the commander who orchestrates the Ganymede invasion. He receives legions of soldiers for battle, and his directives come from Hyuza himself. On occasion he can be seen infiltrating the human colonies. He seems to fear Hyuza, but is also quite loyal to him.
Adaptation.
When purchased by WEP in 1986, the studio reorganized and rewrote the series, and incorporated six newly written and animated episodes into the original Bismarck story before releasing it in 1987 under the name "Saber Rider and the Star Sheriffs". Saber Rider ran for 52 episodes between 1987 and 1988. 
In "Saber Rider", the majority of the action is moved out of the solar system and into the rest of the galaxy. As opposed to a private group of four, the characters were written to be a small portion of a major military enforcement group known as the Star Sheriffs. Scenes of the main characters relaxing at a night club or bar and drinking alcohol were explained as "visiting a soda shop". Also, since showing death on American cartoons was much less accepted at that time, the Outriders were shown to "jump" back to their own dimension when defeated.
Shinji’s name was changed to Fireball, and he had a crush on April Eagle (Marianne). Richard’s name was changed to the titular Saber Rider. Bill became Colt and was part of a traveling rodeo until tragedy struck, after which he joined the Star Sheriffs. Marianne was renamed April Eagle, and became a former tennis pro whose three love interests were Saber Rider, Jesse Blue, and Fireball. Professor Charles Louvre was renamed Commander Eagle, and was the leader of Cavalry Command and the Star Sheriffs.
The Deathcula became The Outriders. In the new storyline, the Outriders were humanoids who come from another dimension called the Vapor Zone. They wanted to conquer mankind and control the universe unhindered, thinking the human dimension has much more to offer than their own. When an Outrider was shot or wounded, they did not die, but rather "dimension jump", a process where they vanish and return to their home dimension to reform.
Hyuza was given the name Nemesis, and his story was altered so that he was the evil genius in charge of the renegade Outriders and the mastermind behind their insidious schemes. Perios became Jesse Blue, a promising cadet at Cavalry Command until he fell in love with April Eagle during a training exercise. When April rejected his advances, he turned against the Star Sheriffs and cultivated a personal grudge against Saber Rider, ultimately becoming a fugitive, and joining forces with the Outriders. Zatola was known as Gattler.
The American animation used for the extra six episodes of "Saber Rider" was visibly different from the Japanese animation. Though the basic character designs remained the same, the style was vastly different from the original character art by Shigeru Kato. These new episodes were made to help enforce the changes made to the series, such as enforcing the "Western" theme with Cowboys and Indians, expanding on the Cavalry Command military structure, as well as showing visual evidence of Outriders reforming in their home dimension.

</doc>
<doc id="5917214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917214" title="The World of Legend">
The World of Legend

The World of Legend () is a fantasy MMORPG created by Shanda of China. The World of Legend is the first game of Shanda's trilogy, "The Genesis Of The Century", with The Age as their second and Magical Land as the last.
Game Details.
The World of Legend is a popular MMORPG in the People's Republic of China, like other MMORPGS, the game includes fighting monsters, or domestic animals in some case, and a boss monster. The game has limited number of Quests.
Players.
Players start out at level one, where they can gain experience points by killing monsters. A player has a number of Health Points (HP) and Mana Points (MP). HP will be lost when a player got hit by a monster, MP will be exhausted when a player uses a special skill, but can be restored by potions. A player also can increase his or her offense and defense by wielding a weapon or armor. Players can choose their jobs at beginning of the game, Warrior, Taoist or Magician. While they acquire their first skill when they are level 7.
Items.
Books are used to learn a special skill, they are sold in book stores. Medicines and weapons are sold in certain stores. Wood and minerals can be acquired by chopping down a tree or mining and can be sold at a fair price.

</doc>
<doc id="5917218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917218" title="The Little Ones">
The Little Ones

The Little Ones was a 1965 British family comedy film directed by British director Jim O'Connolly starring Carl Gonzales and Kim Smith. Dudley Foster stars as
Superintendent Carter and Derek Newark plays the strict Detective Sgt. Wilson.
Child actor Kim Smith was hired to play the part of the abused child Ted making his screen debut. He went on to star in Oliver in 1968 and in 2004 and 2005 made appearances in The Bill and EastEnders.
Plot.
Two poor boys from London, an abused child and the son of a whore attempt to stowaway on a ship bound to Jamaica to escape their lives of misery and squalor. It is on the exotic island that one of the boys' fathers is believed to be currently inhabiting. They manage to get aboard by stealing a suitcase from a Rolls Royce belonging to a wealthy shipping businessman but are caught and subsequently scolded and sent home. Later an elderly fellow tells that there are many ships leaving.

</doc>
<doc id="5917230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917230" title="15th Genie Awards">
15th Genie Awards

The 15th Genie Awards were held in 1994.
Nominees and winners.
The Genie Award winner in each category is shown in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="5917237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917237" title="Alessandro Viana da Silva">
Alessandro Viana da Silva

Alessandro Viana da Silva (born August 10, 1982), known as Alessandro, is a Brazilian footballer.
Biography.
Born in Recife, Brazil, he has previously played for Brazilian clubs sides Internacional Porto Alegre, ADAP and Angra dos Reis. Alessandro is a lightning-quick left-back who possesses a fine technique and an attacking attitude to the position. He was spotted in Brazil by Melbourne Victory coach Ernie Merrick. Merrick likened him to legendary Brazilian fullback Roberto Carlos because of his pacy runs down the flank and quality crosses.
A crowd favourite at Melbourne Victory, Alessandro was used as a left wing-back during the 2006-07 A-League season. Negotiations with the Melbourne-based club for an extension to his contract broke down in early 2007, and the player returned to Brazil, joining Atlético Paranaense.

</doc>
<doc id="5917239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917239" title="Schoenus">
Schoenus

A schoenus (Latin) or schoinos (Greek) is a historical unit of itinerant distance once common throughout the Mediterranean. 
The Greeks, who adopted it from the Egyptians, considered the schoinos ("rope", plural schoenii) equal to 40 stades. But neither the schoinos nor the stadion had an absolute value, and there were several regional variants of each. Strabo (XV,I,II) noted that it also varied with terrain, and that when he "ascended the hills, the measures of these schoeni were not everywhere uniform, so that the same number sometimes designated a greater, sometimes a less actual extent of road, a variation which dates from the earliest time and exists in our days."

</doc>
<doc id="5917241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917241" title="Jim O'Connolly">
Jim O'Connolly

Jim O'Connolly (born 1926 Birmingham - died 1986 Hythe) was an English actor, director, producer and screenwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="5917243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917243" title="Kenneth Slessor Prize for Poetry">
Kenneth Slessor Prize for Poetry

The Kenneth Slessor Prize for Poetry is awarded annually as part of the New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards for a book of collected poems or for a single poem of substantial length published in book form. It is named after Kenneth Slessor (1901–1971).
The prize currently comes with a A$30,000 cash award.
Winners and Shortlists.
1999 and before.
Award winners:

</doc>
<doc id="5917268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917268" title="Jean-Claude Dunyach">
Jean-Claude Dunyach

Jean-Claude Dunyach (born 1957) is a French science fiction writer.
Overview.
Dunyach has a Ph.D. in applied mathematics and supercomputing. He works for Airbus in Toulouse in southwestern France.
Dunyach has been writing science fiction since the beginning of the 1980s and has already published seven novels and eight collections of short stories, garnering the French Science-Fiction award in 1983 and the Prix Rosny-Aîné Awards in 1992, as well as the Grand Prix de l’Imaginaire and the Prix Ozone in 1997.
His short story "Déchiffrer la Trame" (Unravelling the Thread) won both the Prix de l’Imaginaire and the Rosny Award in 1998, and was voted "Best Story of the Year" by the readers of the magazine "Interzone".
His latest novel, "Etoiles Mourantes" (Dying Stars), written in collaboration with the French author Ayerdhal, won the prestigious Eiffel Tower Award in 1999 as well as the Prix Ozone. 
Dunyach’s works have been translated into English, Bulgarian, Croatian, Danish, Hungarian, German, Italian, Russian and Spanish.
Dunyach also writes lyrics for several French singers, which served as an inspiration for one of his novels about a rock and roll singer touring in Antarctica with a zombie philharmonic orchestra...

</doc>
<doc id="5917275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917275" title="Nêdong County">
Nêdong County

Nêdong County, (Tibetan: སྣེ་གདོང་རྫོང་ Wylie: sne gdong rdzong; Chinese: 乃东县; Pinyin: Nǎidōng Xiàn) is a county of the Shannan Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region.
Changzhug Temple, an important and very early, Buddhist monastery, dating to the reign of Songtsen Gampo, is located in the Yarlung Valley in Nêdong as is the Yungbulakang Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="5917282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917282" title="Zhanang County">
Zhanang County

Zhanang County, (Tibetan:གྲ་ནང་རྫོང་ Wylie gra nang rdzong; Chinese: 扎囊县; Pinyin: Zhānáng Xiàn) is a county of the Shannan Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region, 
As of 2000 it had a population of 35,278.

</doc>
<doc id="5917284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917284" title="Kind of Pluto">
Kind of Pluto

Kind of Pluto is an Australian band. It was formed in 2002 by Melbourne singer/songwriter Steven Gates, drummer Simm Thom, later adding keyboardist Ben Ryderman and bassist Tommy Kende.
Gates, who also performs with the comedy group Tripod, has been writing and performing his own original music since the age of sixteen. Before Kind of Pluto, Gates refined his songwriting skills by performing solo acoustic spots all over Australia. In 1999, he took his songs as far as New York and Philadelphia. Gates decided to create an acoustic duo with friend and drummer Simm Thom. 
Kind of Pluto's first EP was launched on 19 October 2001 at Melbourne's 9th Ward. 
Kind of Pluto received nationwide airplay with their first release, a self-titled EP described by Time Off Magazine as "brilliantly warm, fresh and ethereal. Absolutely shines with inspiration." The EP's first track, Familiar, was given strong rotation on the Triple J network. A 'Live at the Wireless' session for Richard Kingsmill's Oz Music Show brought them much attention from listeners and record companies alike. "Everyone's A Pornstar" was played on the Triple J network as well. The band was also been chosen by Nova 100 as Melbourne Band of the Week and enjoyed extensive radio play with Sleepwalker. Other radio stations to support Kind of Pluto include Triple R and PBS.
Since early 2005, the band has been on an extended hiatus - perhaps never to return - with Ben Rynderman departing the group at the end of 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5917285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917285" title="Luciano Siqueira de Oliveira">
Luciano Siqueira de Oliveira

Luciano Siqueira de Oliveira, known as Luciano and previously Eriberto (born 3 December 1975) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Mantova.
Biography.
Eriberto started his career at Palmeiras at aged 22 but publicly 18. After 1½ season, he joined Bologna and made his Serie A debut on 12 September 1998 the first match of the season. He replaced Giancarlo Marocchi in the 82nd minutes and Bologna lost 0–3 to A.C. Milan. During his time at Bologna he was known for his trobulesome behaviour and only played 33 league matches in 2 seasons.
Chievo.
In summer 2000, he joined Serie B side Chievo (at first on loan) where he played regularly. Along with Christian Manfredini formed an effective attack on both wings: due to their African origins, they were known as Black Arrows. They won promotion to Serie A in 2001; the Verona club then purchased half of the registration rights for about 1.9 billion Italian lire.
In June 2002, Chievo and Bologna failed to agree the price of the player and Chievo won after an auction. Then it was reported that Eriberto, along with Manfredini, had signed for Lazio, but the deal was called off due to the fact he was banned from football due to passport controversy.
He returned to football using his real name Luciano. On 26 January 2003, he played his first league match of the season, against Perugia as a starter, but Chievo lost 0–1. In April 2003, FIGC ordered Chievo to pay Bologna €6.22 million that owed Bologna in June 2002. Chievo finished seventh in 2002–03 season.
Inter.
In July 2003, Luciano went to Internazionale on loan with option to sign permanently. Italian winger Franco Semioli, who bought by Inter from Torino, joined Chievo in co-ownership deal as part of the deal. That season Inter also signed winger Andy van der Meyde, Kily González and Khalilou Fadiga. Luciano was injured in September and returned in late October. He played his first match since recovered from injury on 23 November 2003, replaced Javier Zanetti in the 65th minutes as wing-back. That match Inter won Reggina 6–0. He then played twice at Coppa Italia before sent back to Chievo.
Return to Chievo.
At Chievo he failed to became a regular starter, because the coach employed Semioli instead, but Luciano managed to play near 20 league matches in 2004–05 and 2005–06 seasons. With Semioli on the right side and Amauri, Sergio Pellissier on the front, they made an impressive 2005–06 season, after which Chievo qualified for the UEFA Champions League 2006-07 third qualifying round, in although Chievo ranked seventh and qualified only for UEFA Cup 2006-07, but with aid of 2006 Italian football scandal, Chievo ranked fourth.
He played the return leg of Champions League third qualifying round against PFC Levski Sofia, replacing Franco Semioli in the second half. He also played for Chievo at UEFA Cup First Round return leg as a starter as Semioli rested. In 2006–07 season, he played 12 starts in 14 league appearances. In 2007–08 season, Luciano followed Chievo after its relegation to Serie B and regained his place in the starting line-up, playing 26 starts and 10 substitute appearances in the league. In the next season, Luciano played as the starter right winger, but during the season was also employed as an attacking midfielder and as a forward in the 4–3–3 formation.
In 2009–10 season, he is the absolute starter in the right wing position except for two league matches, when Giampiero Pinzi moved from attacking midfielder to right midfielder and Luciano played as substitutes. He was suspended for 3 matches: on 29 November, 7 March and 25 April. He also rested on round 33 and 36.
On 27 May 2010, Chievo announced Luciano had signed a new 1-year contract. He was the starting right midfielder of the team, until injured on 19 September 2010 and missed 5 months. He returned to team on 3 March, winning Prima Categoria team San Secondo Parmense 11–0. On 13 March he came off from the bench against Fiorentina, substituted right midfielder Nico Pulzetti (in a 5–3–2 formation), but in 72 minutes replaced by forward Fernando Uribe. He had a muscle problem and missed the rest of fixture. On 31 May Chievo offered another 1-year contract to him.
Mantova.
On 23 July 2013, Mantova officially announced the signing of the former Chievo veteran midfielder on their website. Luciano signed a one-year contract with the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione outfit, with the option of a second year. 
Passport controversy.
In 2002 he was exposed as holding a fake passport which claimed he was named Eriberto Conceição da Silva, born in Rio de Janeiro on 21 January 1979. For this he was handed a six-month ban and a $145,000 fine. He assumed the identity of someone who was then his neighbor in order to join the Palmeiras youth team, as he was too old. He revealed the deception so that he could give his son his true surname.

</doc>
<doc id="5917290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917290" title="Steve Johnson (Australian footballer)">
Steve Johnson (Australian footballer)

Steven Leigh "Steve" Johnson (born 4 July 1983) is an Australian rules footballer for Geelong in the Australian Football League.
Career.
Early career.
Johnson was born and raised in Wangaratta, Victoria. He played junior football with the Wangaratta Football Club, before moving onto the Murray Bushrangers in the TAC Cup. He was selected by Geelong with pick 24 in the 2001 AFL Draft. His first few years were plagued with inconsistency, injury and off field problems. A medium-sized forward, Johnson is renowned for his freakish ability on the field, where he has consistently wowed fans with his penchant for extraordinary goals. As a child, Steve was a natural left footer.
2007.
Johnson was suspended by his club for the first 5 matches of 2007 after he was arrested for public drunkenness in Wangaratta on 24 December 2006 - a charge which was later dropped. He returned in round 6 against Richmond where he went on to contribute 21 possessions and kick 2 goals in a match Geelong convincingly won by 157 points. He has since gone on to post career-best numbers across the board, capped off by All-Australian selection on the half-forward flank in September, 2007.
His 2007 season was capped off when Johnson lead the Cats to victory in the Grand Final, collecting a premiership medallion, and winning the Norm Smith Medal for best on ground in the Grand Final. Johnson was hailed as a feel good story for the year, with a good example of a player reforming after disciplinary action.
2008.
Early in 2008 however, Johnson lost his drivers' license and was sentenced to 50 hours working with the TAC after he was clocked in over 70 km/h over the speed limit in a 50 zone. Teammate Shannon Byrnes was in the car at the time.
He had yet another stellar season in 2008, kicking 49 home-and-away season goals and earning a spot on the forward flank in the All-Australian team of 2008. He gathered 34 disposals in the Cats' Grand Final loss to Hawthorn.
2009.
In the 2009 AFL season, he played 18 matches and kicked 40 goals, finishing tenth in the Geelong best and fairest award. He was a member of the Cats 2009 Premiership winning team.
2011.
In 2011, 'Stevie Wonder', struggled to consistently produce the captivating form that had won him All Australian selection in previous years. He was still a force though, gaining recognition by being honored in the initial All-Australian squad of 40.
His season nearly came to an abrupt end, when during the third quarter of the Preliminary Final between Geelong and West Coast, he appeared to sustain a serious injury to his left knee. Racing against the clock in order to gain fitness for the Grand Final against the Magpies, it was heavily speculated that Johnson would be unable to gain full fitness in time. For almost the entire week, whilst his team-mates trained in the spotlight, Stevey J spent time down in Melbourne in a Hyperbaric Chamber. Fortunately for himself and Geelong fans, Johnson was able to gain fitness needed and played a vital part in the cats win over the Pies. He went on to kick 4 goals amongst 14 possessions, thus claiming his third premiership medallion.
Career highlights.
AFL
Geelong 
TAC Cup

</doc>
<doc id="5917292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917292" title="Ava Inferi">
Ava Inferi

Ava Inferi was a musical group created in Almada, Portugal, by guitarist and songwriter Rune Eriksen (aka Blasphemer, Mayhem).
The debut album, "Burdens", was released in January 2006.
In the spring of 2007, vocalist Carmen Simões laid vocals on the re-recording of "Under Satanæ" from Moonspell.
In October 2007, Ava Inferi released their second studio album, called "The Silhouette".
In May 2009, the band released their third album, "Blood of Bacchus".
In May 2011, the band released their fourth studio album, entitled "Onyx".
Rune Eriksen announced the end of Ava Inferi on 23 May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5917294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917294" title="Gonggar County">
Gonggar County

Gonggar County, (Tibetan Gongkar Tibetan:གོང་དཀར་རྫོང་ Wylie: gong dkar rdzong; ) is a county of the Shannan Prefecture (Lhoka Prefecture) in the Tibet Autonomous Region, one of the 12 counties of the prefecture. It has under its jurisdiction 5 towns, 3 townships, 43 administrative villages (neighbourhood committees) and 168 village development committees and contains notable landmarks such as the Gonggar Choide Monastery, the Gonggar Dzong, and the Gonggar Airport and the Gonggar town.
Legend.
The fable narrated about this county is that the "first Tibetan was born to the fairy girl, Ruosa and her monkey lover".
History.
History of the county came into limelight with the establishment of the Sakyapa school of Tibetan Buddhism. Among the many dzongs and monasteries established in the 14th century the best known are the Gonngar Dzong and the Gonggar Choede Monastery.
In recent history of the county, during the Cultural Revolution of the 1950s, Gonggar County was the scene of armed rebellion between the Kamba rebels (under the banner of “four rivers and six mountain ranges”) and the Peoples Liberation Army of China (PLA); PLA troops were killed and their convoy of army vehicles ambushed here.
Geography.
Gonggar County is located in southern Tibet and has a total area of . The Yarlung Tsangpo River (Brahmaputra River), the mother river of Tibet, flows through the Gonggar County and among other counties of the Shannan Prefecture, and is thus rich in water resources. Set in west to east direction, the county is a plateau land with an average altitude of . The Gonggar County is situated at a location where Yarlung Tsangpo River is very wide. It is for this reason that the Gonggar Airport was constructed at this location. The airport lies to the west of Rawa-me, which is the capital of the county at the entry of the Namrab Valley, from Lhasa and from Tsetang, the capital of Shannan Prefecture. The county is bounded by the Mount Chuwaru (held sacred in Tibet) opposite to Chusul, the Gompa La () Pass to the south on the route to the sacred Yamdrok Lake in West Tibet, on the east to the limits of the Dal Valley on the south bank of the Brahmaputra and Dorje Monastery on the north bank. The county also envelops the southern side valleys of Namrab and Drib counties and the northern side valleys of Leuchung and Trango counties.
The county has monsoon climate. It has four climatic seasons. It has a long winter and hardly any summer season. The average temperature varies from , with the warmest month average temperature being and the coldest month average temperature is . The average annual precipitation is with 29.9 rainy days. The annual sunshine hours are 3,194 and frost-free period is 142 days. It is subject to natural disasters from frequent storms with 40 days of gale days on an average concentrated in February–April. Solar radiation has been recorded as 7,710 MJ/m²
The forest area in the county is 7.8 million mu and of grassland area is 282 mu. The main crops and vegetables grown are barley, winter wheat, spring wheat, pea, broad bean, rape, radish, potato, Yuan cabbage, tomatoes and cauliflower. Medicinal plants and products in the county are creeping cypress, opulus, ginseng fruits, snow lotus, Chinese caterpillar fungus, Fritillaria, musk and Seabuckthorn.
The wildlife species recorded in the county are wild yak, wild ass, Tibetan antelope, Tibetan gazelle, and Black-necked Cranes. The livestock are mainly yak, pianniu, cattle, goats, sheep, horses, donkeys, mules and pigs.
Economy.
The county has predominantly an agricultural economy and is considered the grain base of the Shannan Prefecture. Tourism also adds to the economic development of the county.
Economic progress is witnessed in the county in all sectors of economy. In recent years, the county has held five Trade fairs and 3 cultural fairs to promote local products and Tibetan handicrafts.
The energy resources of the county consist of the two functioning hydropower stations with generating capacity of 530 MWh. The Yamzhog pumped storage power station with installed capacity of 90 MW is under construction.
The famous apron, which the Tibetan married women wear, is a handicraft of the Gonggar County in the Jiedexiu area and is known as "Jed Show Apron". The county is synonymous with this apron, which has a distinctive and characteristic style and it is produced here for the last 500 or 600 years.
Demographics.
Gonggar County has a geographical area of , with a total population of 50,000 (2003), which gives a population density of 21 per km².
Landmarks.
As the cradle of ancient culture and its enviable position in the rich history of Tibet, Gonggar County has very unique and rich historical monuments, natural geological features such as lake and caves, scenic regions and religiously linked mountains.
Dorjezha Monastery, situated on a hilltop, blends well with the rock setting and is named after the rock known as Vraja, the green coloured gemstones found behind the monastery. The literal meaning of ‘Dorjezha’ is “Diamond Hill.” It was initially built on modest lines, on the right bank of the Yarlung River by a wealthy local man known as Doxie Dorje. The monastery was destroyed completely in 1717 during Zungar invasion of this area. It was, however, rebuilt in 1718. Further, the monastery was supported by the Fifth Dalai Lama and consequently, it underwent major improvements and became one of the famous monasteries of Tibet. At the peak of its popularity 2000 monks of Nyingma sect resided here; it holds the distinction of being known as the only ancestral monastery of the Sakyapa sect. It was substantially damaged during the Cultural Revolution. However, it was rebuilt in 1978. At present, 29 monks reside here, and most of them are from the Gonggar County, except one monk who is from Renbo County of Shigatse Prefecture. The Management system established is democratic, with each individual member of the Management Commission made responsible for particular tasks such as religious activities, finance and daily matters. It maintains close interaction with the Choqin Monastery (Dege County in Sichuan province) also of the Nyigma sect and both follow the same teaching and practicing of Buddhist tenets. In this monastery, the practice of the “Reincarnation of the Living Buddha” is followed and hence it has the name of "Renchenqinmo Dorjeza Jambeilobsam Gyinmeinamzogyacho" and the present Living Buddha is the 10th Reincarnation in this lineage, and as result this monastery has huge reputation among the adherents of Tibetan Buddhism.
A large statue of Mao Zedong has been installed in the Gonggar County in Gonggar town. The statue was erected by contributions made by the people of Hunan Province, where Mao was born. The statue, erected in honour of the Chairman Mao, was a gratitude for the people of his hometown. The statue is erected on a pedestal is tall and weighs 35 tonnes and made in granite stone. It cost 480,000 yuan (US$60,000).
Gyaideshiu town (also spelt Jiedexiu Town) is famous for the Gyaideshiu 'Bangdian' apron not only among women in Tibet but also is in demand in Nepal, India, Bhutan and Western Europe. The town is located in the county, to its east on the highway towards Zetang. Bangdian" is an apron of China's Tibetan ethnic group with historic heritage of 1,500 years of hand weaving. This weaving technique is designated as "China's state-level intangible cultural heritage." 
Transport.
There are two National Highways passing through the county, apart from several rural network of roads. The county is also famous for the Lhasa Gonggar Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5917299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917299" title="Sangri County">
Sangri County

Sangri County, (Tibetan: སྣེ་གདོང་རྫོང་ Wylie: sang ri rdzong; Chinese: 桑日县; Pinyin: Sāngrì Xiàn) is a county of the Shannan Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region.

</doc>
<doc id="5917303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917303" title="Qonggyai County">
Qonggyai County

Qonggyai County or Chongye County, (Tibetan: སྣེ་གདོང་རྫོང་ Wylie: ´phyongs rgyas rdzong; Chinese: 琼结县; Pinyin: Qióngjié Xiàn) is a county of the Shannan Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region.
History.
Qonggyai contains the Valley of the Kings, a series of graveyard tumuli, approximately south of Tsetang, Tibet, near the town of Chongye or Qonggyai on Mure Mountain. The site possesses eight large mounds of earth resembling natural hills that are believed to contain eight to ten buried Tibetan kings. 
"According to Tibetan tradition all the kings from Dri-gum onwards are buried at ‘Phyong-rgyas, but as the site now presents itself, there are just ten tumuli identifiable as the tombs of all the kings from "Srong-brtsan-sgam-po" to "Khri-lde-srong-brtsan", including two princes . . . ." Other sources, however, have indicated that there are actually nine mounds rather than eight or ten. The kings believed to be buried at the site include Songtsän Gampo (the founder of the Tibetan Empire), Nansong Mangsten, Tridu Songtsen, Gyangtsa Laban, Tride Tsugtsen, Trisong Detsen, Muni Tsangpo and Tritsu Detsen.
Geography and climate.
Qonggyai County is located in the middle of the Brahmaputra River valley and covers an area of 1030 square km, with 2.8 million mu of arable land, an area of 1.3 million mu of grassland, with a forest area of 0.7 million mu. The county had a total population of 20,000 people in 2003.
Qonggyai County is located in southern Tibet and is surrounded by mountains. It has an average elevation of about 3900 meters, with a the maximum altitude of 6450 meters. It is in a temperate semi-arid plateau monsoon climate zone, with an annual frost-free period of about 125,153 days. The annual rainfall is 345 millimeters and natural disasters, mainly droughts, floods, hail and pests are common. Mineral resources include mainly crystal stone, jade, chromium and iron. Antelope, black-necked crane, otter, swan, eagle and river deer are common.
Economy.
Qonggyai is dominated by agriculture, and is one of the grain based counties in the Shannan Prefecture. Crops grown are mainly highland barley, winter wheat, spring wheat, peas, radish, potatoes and so on. Livestock include yak, pianniu, cattle, sheep, goats, mainly. A forested area of contains some apple, pear and peach orchards. Ethnic handicrafts forms most of the industrial sector and products include buckets, kettles, Tibetan cabinets, bowls, bracelets, necklaces, incense, butter lamps, etc.
The capital, Qonggyai Town (Qonggyai, Chongye) contains an ancient castle, and covers , with a population of nearly 500 people. Commercial, financial, telecommunications, hospitals, schools and other public facilities are located in this small political, economic, and cultural center.

</doc>
<doc id="5917307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917307" title="Qusum County">
Qusum County

Qusum County, (; ) is a county of the Shannan Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region.
In 1999 the county had a population of 15,541 inhabitants. The capital is Qusum.

</doc>
<doc id="5917318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917318" title="Palmers">
Palmers

Palmers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917319" title="Domenic Figliomeni">
Domenic Figliomeni

Domenic Filane Figliomeni (born March 17, 1969 in Terrace Bay, Ontario) is a former boxer from Canada, who competed for his native country at two consequentive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992. 
Nicknamed "Hollywood", he was Canadian Boxing Champion from 1990 to 1999 in the Light Flyweight Division (48 kg), and twice won the bronze medal at the Commonwealth Games: in 1990 and 1994. After his boxing career he started a boxing training center in Schreiber, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="5917324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917324" title="Major (Sweden)">
Major (Sweden)

Major (Majuri in Finnish) is a military officers rank in Sweden and Finland, ranking above Kapten and below Överstelöjtnant. Swedish Kapten(s) are promoted to the rank after the completion of a 40 weeks course at the National Defense College.
Finnish Defence Forces rank of Majuri is comparable to Ranks of NATO armies officers as OF-3.
History and related ranks.
1600 - 1700.
The original title was "Sergeant Major", which means the most senior servant to the　Överste.
The "sergeant" part was later dropped. A major was typically responsible for the security of the regiment by assigning personnel from the regiment as guards. In addition, he was in charge of one of the eight companies
in the regiment. When the regiment was organized in a divisioncolumn formation during battle, he was in charge of all pikers.
1743 - 1756.
Establishment of the rank Second Major. Rank equal to Major, but salaried as Kapten.
1800.
Establishment of the rank third Major.
Reform 1972 - Rank inflation phase I.
Prior to 1972, military personnel were divided into three categories "Underbefäl" (non-commissioned officers), "Underofficerare" (warrant officers) and "Officerare" (commissioned officers). The reform established a four-career-path system with four categories as described below and carried out major promotions of most personnel below the rank Överstelöjtnant.
The "Underbefäl" category was split into two categories
The "Underofficer" category was renamed kompaniofficerare to include
The "Officer" category was renamed regementsofficerare to include
Reform 1983 - Rank inflation phase II.
All categories were merged into one professional officer category with the lowest rank set to fänrik. Furir, överfurir, sergeant and fanjunkare were removed as a professional ranks. Holders of the rank fanjunkare were promoted to löjtnant and the rest to fänrik.
Finland.
During peacetime, a "majuri" is a staff officer or battalion commander. The rank requires the completion of a senior staff officer course.
It is also possible for reservists to obtain the reserve rank of "majuri". This is however, quite rare and requires active participation in national defence.

</doc>
<doc id="5917326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917326" title="Gater">
Gater

Gater can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5917331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917331" title="Roosevelt Independent School District">
Roosevelt Independent School District

Roosevelt Independent School District is a small, innovative, public school district located 8 miles east of Lubbock, Texas (USA).
The district serves the unincorporated communities of Acuff and Roosevelt along with the incorporated towns of Buffalo Springs and Ransom Canyon. A small portion of Lubbock lies within the district.
Roosevelt ISD has three schools - Roosevelt High (Grades 9-12), Roosevelt Junior High (Grades 6-8), and Roosevelt Elementary (Grades Pre-K - 5).
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5917337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917337" title="Paraphrase of Shem">
Paraphrase of Shem

The Paraphrase of Shem is an apocryphal Gnostic writing discovered in the Codex VII of the Nag Hammadi Codices. It starts off saying that it is " paraphrase which was about the unbegotten Spirit." It's an apocalyptic writing that talks of Shem's ascension and recension to Earth. It also throws its own spin on the Biblical Flood, Sodom's destruction, and the baptism and resurrection of the Savior. 
It also refers to Shem as the first person on Earth which is similar to Old Testament teaching regarding Adam, but can also be connected to Jesus who, according to the New Testament said "Before Abraham was, I AM."
The Paraphrase of Shem ends saying:
"Henceforth, O Shem, go in grace and continue in faith upon the earth. For every power of light and fire will be completed by me because of you. For without you they will not be revealed until you speak them openly. When you cease to be upon the earth, they will [5 be given to the worthy ones. And apart from this proclamation, let them speak about you upon the earth, since they will take the carefree and agreeable land."

</doc>
