<doc id="6008716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008716" title="Dynamical parallax">
Dynamical parallax

In astronomy, the distance to a visual binary star may be estimated from the masses of its two components, the size of their orbit, and the period of their revolution around one another. A dynamical parallax is an (annual) parallax which is computed from such an estimated distance.
To calculate a dynamical parallax, the angular semi-major axis of the orbit of the stars around each other is observed, together with their apparent brightness. By using Newton's generalisation of Kepler's Third Law, which states that the total mass of a binary system multiplied by the square of its orbital period is proportional to the cube of its semi-major axis, together with the mass-luminosity relation, the distance to the binary star can then be determined.
In this technique, the masses of the two stars in a binary system are estimated, usually as being the mass of the sun. Then, using Kepler's laws of celestial mechanics, the distance between the stars is calculated. Once this distance is found, the distance away can be found via the arc subtended in the sky, giving a preliminary distance measurement. From this measurement and the apparent magnitudes of both stars, the luminosities can be found, and by using the mass–luminosity relationship, the masses of each star. These masses are used to re-calculate the separation distance, and the process is repeated. The process is iterated many times, and accuracies as high as 5% can be achieved. The mass–luminosity relationship can also be used to determine the lifetime of stars by noting that lifetime is approximately proportional to M/L. One finds that more massive stars live shorter. A more sophisticated calculation factors in a star's loss of mass over time.

</doc>
<doc id="6008748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008748" title="Aliyu Obaje">
Aliyu Obaje

Alhaji Aliyu Ocheja Obaje (born 1920 - died July 16, 2012 ) was the paramount ruler of the Igala Kingdom in Nigeria. 
Born in 1920, Aliyu Obaje was the youngest person to be installed as Attah Igala; he mounted the stool at the age of 36 on October 20, 1956 following the death of his predecessor Ameh Oboni. 
He held the title of Attah, Igala. Tha Attah's palace (the seat of power in the Igala Kingdom) is located in the ancient city Idah. 
He was one of the longest-serving monarch in Nigeria. He has conferred on a large population of the Igala people traditional chieftaincy titles, including the tile of Agenyi-Attah of Igala Kingdom, bestowed on Chief Ogwu J. Onoja, SAN. 
Aliyu Obaje was the chairman of the Kogi State council of Traditional chiefs.
He held the Nigerian national honour of GCFR (Grand Commander of the Federal Republic).
He died on July 16, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6008768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008768" title="Mike Frier">
Mike Frier

Michael Frier (born March 20, 1969 in Jacksonville, North Carolina) is a former American football defensive end/defensive tackle in the National Football League. He played collegiately at Appalachian State University and professionally with the Cincinnati Bengals and the Seattle Seahawks.

</doc>
<doc id="6008780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008780" title="Leonard L. Amburgey">
Leonard L. Amburgey

Leonard L. Amburgey is an American amateur astronomer and public-school teacher. On July 2, 2000, he stumbled upon the near-Earth asteroid 2000 NM using a modest telescope in his backyard (called Scott Observatory, IAU number 823) in Fitchburg, Massachusetts. As a result, he became the fourth winner of the James Benson Prize for Discovery Methods of Near-Earth Objects by Amateurs. 
In 2005, he received the Fitchburg State College (whence he graduated in 1968 and 1973) Alumni Achievement Award .

</doc>
<doc id="6008790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008790" title="James Black (ice hockey)">
James Black (ice hockey)

James Black (born August 15, 1969 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a former professional ice hockey forward who played eleven seasons in the National Hockey League with the Hartford Whalers, Minnesota North Stars/Dallas Stars, Buffalo Sabres, Chicago Blackhawks and Washington Capitals from 1989–90 to 2000–01.
Black was drafted 94th overall by the Hartford Whalers in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft. He played 352 career NHL games, scoring 58 goals and 57 assists for 115 points. His best offensive season was the 1998–99 NHL season when he achieved career highs in goals with sixteen, assists with fourteen, and points with thirty.

</doc>
<doc id="6008819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008819" title="Geoffrey da Silva">
Geoffrey da Silva

Geoffrey da Silva is a politician and administrator in Guyana. He was the Guyanese Minister of Trade, Tourism and Industry from 1999 to 2001 and later served as head of Guyana Investment (Go-Invest).
Activities in Canada.
Da Silva has a degree from York University in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He was an employee of the Communist Party of Canada in the 1980s and ran as a Communist candidate at the federal and provincial levels. He also sought election for municipal office in Toronto. The Communist Party was not a strong political force in Canada during this period, and da Silva never came close to winning election.
Da Silva was involved in the Guyanese liberation movement during his time in Canada, seeking the return of democracy in that country. He was Guyana's Consul General to Toronto in the 1990s, and was interviewed by the "Toronto Star" newspaper following the death of Guyanese president Cheddi Jagan in 1997.
Cabinet Minister.
Da Silva was appointed to the cabinet of President Bharrat Jagdeo on November 19, 1999, replacing the ailing Michael Shree Chan as minister of trade, tourism and industry. As a participant in the Fourth Annual Caribbean Tourism Organization (CTO) Conference on Sustainable Tourism Development in 2000, he argued that Caribbean tourism would need to reflect a growing interest in ecotourism. He also promoted sustainable tourism in the ecologically fragile area of Kaieteur and took part in negotiations toward completing a roadway with Brazil. In February 2000, he led an official delegation that met with Prince Charles of the United Kingdom in his official visit to Guyana.
After 2001.
Da Silva left cabinet following the 2001 elections and was appointed as head of Guyana Investment. The following year, the Guyana and Caribbean Political and Cultural Center for Popular Education released an essay arguing that he had significantly improved the agency's ability to attract investors during his time in office. 
In 2005, da Silva argued that Guyana was creating jobs by diversifying its economy away from traditional crops such as bauxite and sugar. He helped to organize the Guyana Trade and Investment Exposition in the same year, seeking increased Canadian investment in Guyana. Notwithstanding his leftist political background, da Silva has called for increased private-sector involvement in Guyana's food packaging industry.
Ambassador to Venezuela, appointed December 2010
Geoffrey Da Silva got married on the 5th of November 2004 to Lisa Da Silva made them the first couple to get married at the Kaieteur Falls in Guyana
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="6008833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008833" title="Harold Culbert">
Harold Culbert

Harold William Culbert (16 May 1944 – 1 March 2005) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 1997. By career, he was a businessman, including work in insurance sales.
Culbert was born in Woodstock, New Brunswick and was once that community's mayor from 1980 to 1992.
He first campaigned for the Liberal party in the Carleton—Charlotte electoral district in 1988 but lost to Progressive Conservative candidate Greg Thompson. He defeated Thompson in 1993 and served in the 35th Canadian Parliament. For the 1997 general election, Culbert and Thompson would again compete, this time in the restructured riding of Charlotte. Thompson regained his seat in Parliament and Culbert never returned to federal politics.
Harold Culbert died of heart disease at Carleton Memorial Hospital, Woodstock, New Brunswick.

</doc>
<doc id="6008849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008849" title="Dario Vidošić">
Dario Vidošić

Dario Vidošić (; born 8 April 1987) is a Croatian Australian footballer who plays for FC Sion and Australia national football team, as an attacking midfielder.
Club career.
Early life.
Vidošić was born on 8 April 1987 in Osijek to Croatian parents, mother Jasna and father Rado Vidošić. He moved with his parents from Croatia to Australia in 1988 when his father received an offer to play for the Queensland Lions. The family settled in Brisbane, and he attended Yugumbir State School for his early education at Regents Park, when Dario grew up he attended Cavendish Road State High School. His father has been assistant coach at A-League club Queensland Roar since 2005 and as of May 2008, is the club's National Youth Team coach.
Vidošić played with Queensland Lions in 2004 and also competed in the 2004 National Schoolboys football competition. He received a scholarship to the Australian Institute of Sport and trained in their football (soccer) program before moving onto the A-League, signing a two-year contract with Queensland Roar at the start of the 2006–07 season.
Brisbane Roar.
In Round 1, coming on as a substitute in the second half, Vidošić set up a goal for Scotsman Simon Lynch before scoring a goal himself. Vidošić started up front for Queensland Roar in Round 8 against Perth Glory and scored to make it 2–1 in the Roar's favour, before being substituted. In Round 17, with midfielder Matt McKay out injured, Vidošić started against the Central Coast Mariners and scored two goals; becoming the first player under the age of 21 to score 2 goals in an A-League game, and the first player under the age of 20 to score more than three goals in a season. Vidošić scored once more in the season, against Melbourne Victory in Round 20.
1. FC Nürnberg.
His performance in the season was enough for the German Bundesliga club 1. FC Nütnberg to give him a two-week trial. 1. FC Nürnberg was a club that had strong Australian ties with four other players at the time, two of whom had come from the A-League the previous season. It was confirmed on 22 March 2007 that Vidošić had accepted a three-year contract with the Bundesliga club.
He was rarely used in his first season at the club, seeing just 60 minutes of playing time in four games for the Bundesliga side that was relegated at the end of the season. However, he was an integral part of the reserve side's promotion efforts that saw 1. FC Nürnberg II reach the newly organised Regionalliga Süd.
In the following season, he was hampered by injury trouble early on, seeing just three matches for the professional team and four – with one goal – for the reserve side before the winter break. He went onto unsuccessfully trial with Danish club Esbjerg fB.
Surprisingly, Vidošić appeared back on the scene when he was brought on in a first team match against SC Freiburg in which he scored his first competitive goal for 1. FC Nuremberg, giving the team the 1–0 win at Dreisamstadion. After that match, Vidošić won more opportunities in the Nuremberg first-team scoring another crucial goal in a 1–0 win over FC Ingolstadt 04 in early May, before another a week later in the Franconian derby against Greuther Fürth which ended 1–1. Vidošić went onto help Nuremberg seal promotion back to the Bundesliga.
In an interview in May 2009, Vidošić admitted a debut call-up to the Australian national football team would be a dream end to a great season.
MSV Duisburg.
On 19 January 2010 his club 1. FC Nürnberg announced that the 22-year old offensive midfielder will play on loan for MSV Duisburg the rest of the season.
Arminia Bielefeld.
On 1 January 2011, Vidošić moved to Arminia Bielefeld on loan for the rest of the 2010–11 season after only making five appearances for Nuremberg prior to the loan.
Adelaide United.
In July 2011, Vidošić returned to Australia and signed a 3-year contract with Hyundai A-League club Adelaide United as their Australian marquee on a reported $320 000 a season.< He scored his first goal for the club in just his second game against Sydney F.C.
FC Sion.
On 26 August 2013, Adelaide United announced that they had released Dario from his contract so he could continue his career playing for Swiss club FC Sion for a transfer fee of AU$700,000.
International career.
In October 2006, Vidošić was selected in the Australian Under-20 squad, known as the Young Socceroos, and went on to compete in the 2006 AFC Youth Championships in India. In February 2007, he played for the Australian Under-23 team, the Olyroos, in an Olympic qualifier in Adelaide, scoring the 11th goal in Australia's 11–0 win over Chinese Taipei.
In July 2008, after being left out of the Australian Olympic team for Beijing by Olyroos head coach Graham Arnold, he publicly mooted the possibility of playing for the Croatian national team at a senior level. However, according to FIFA Article 18, Vidošić has been ineligible to represent any country other than Australia in international football since April 2008, when he turned 21.
On 17 June 2009, Vidošić made his debut for the Socceroos in their last World Cup qualifier against Japan, he was substituted in for Tim Cahill in the 86th minute. His second cap was received while playing in a friendly against the Netherlands on 10 October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="6008898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008898" title="Saša Ognenovski">
Saša Ognenovski

Saša Ognenovski (; born 3 April 1979) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a central defender for Sydney FC in the A-League and the Australia national team. In 2010, he was named Asian Footballer of the Year, won a position in the K-League Best XI, and won the AFC Champions League with Seongnam. These achievements led to his inclusion in the Australian squad for the 2011 AFC Asian Cup.
Club career.
He previously played with Preston Lions in the 1997–2000 and 2003–2004 seasons, then with Melbourne Knights in the 2000–2001 and 2001–2002 seasons, and in the 2002–2003 season with Greek side Panahaiki, and then with Queensland Roar until transferring to Adelaide United FC in February 2008 to play in the Asian Champions League, starting in March 2008.
Ognenovski played his 50th A-League match against Sydney FC on 22 November 2008 scoring the opening goal, his first for Adelaide, in the 2-0 win at Hindmarsh Stadium. He followed this up a week later scoring a dramatic equaliser in Adelaide's 1-1 draw with Newcastle Jets heading in from another set piece.
In January 2009 it was revealed that Ognenovski was a target for K-League club Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma but the initial bid of A$285,000 was rejected with Adelaide asking for a transfer fee of $570,000. He was also a transfer target of another K-League side, FC Seoul, who sent officials to negotiate the fee with Adelaide.
The transfer saga was resolved on Tuesday 13 January 2009 when Adelaide United revealed Ognenovski would join Seongnam at the end of the A-League 2008-09 season on a two year deal. The defender gave a glowing tribute to the club upon the announcement saying, “I’ve met some great people, the owners Nick and Dario are probably the best people I’ve met in football so it is a tough decision but obviously I have to secure my future and look after my family so that was the main reason that I took up the offer.”
Ognenovski received an accolade when he was voted the second best Macedonian footballer of 2008, behind Inter Milan's Goran Pandev. In 2010, in his second season with Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma, Ognenovski captained the team to victory in the AFC Champions League. He scored the opening goal of the match as Seongnam defeated Zob Ahan 3–1 in the final. Ognenovski was named the Man of the Match and the tournament's Most Valuable Player.
On 7 July 2012, Ognenovski moved to Umm-Salal Sports Club in the Qatar Stars League after an outstanding three-year spell at Seongnam. Ognenovski made his debut for Umm-Salal Sports Club on 21 October 2012 in the 1-1 away draw to Al Kharitiyath.
On 4 February 2014, Ognenovski moved back to the A-League to sign with Sydney FC. He scored his first goal against Newcastle Jets assisted by Italian marquee Alessandro Del Piero.
International career.
Ognenovski was eligible to represent Australia, but after not being selected in A-League based Australian squads for Asian Cup Qualifiers against Indonesia and Kuwait, Ognenovski expressed his disappointment and put himself up for selection for the country of his heritage, Macedonia. Although not available to play for Macedonia (due to not having yet received FIFA clearance) he was called by Srečko Katanec to play for the Republic of Macedonia national football team in the match against Moldova on 11 February 2009, although he did not feature due to issues with his eligibility.
After dashing his hopes for playing for Australia under former coach Pim Verbeek his dreams were finally answered when new Socceroos manager Holger Osieck called him up for a friendly against Egypt in Cairo, Egypt, and he was subsequently named in the 23-man 2011 AFC Asian Cup squad.
Throughout the AFC Asian cup, he started every match and developed a solid defensive partnership with Lucas Neill, and scored the second goal in Australia's 6-0 defeat of Uzbekistan in the semi-finals.
Career statistics.
Club statistics.
1 - includes A-League final series statistics; K-League playoff statistics<br>
2 - includes League Cup statistics<br>
3 - includes FIFA Club World Cup statistics; AFC Champions League statistics are included in season commencing after group stages (i.e. 2008 ACL in 2008-09 A-League season etc.)

</doc>
<doc id="6008902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008902" title="McClellan Magnet High School">
McClellan Magnet High School

John L. McClellan Magnet High School is a magnet high school in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States. McClellan Magnet High School serves students in grades nine through twelve and is part of the Little Rock School District.
In 1967, U.S. Senator John L. McClellan officially dedicated the school. In subsequent years, McClellan can boast of many successes such as being the Model Technology High School for the LRSD, a 1998 National Blue Ribbon School designation, and twice named the Top Business Education Program in the United States.
Curriculum.
The assumed course of study for McClellan students meet or exceed the Smart Core curriculum developed by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE) to complete 22 units prior to graduation. In 1991, principal Jodie T. Carter developed a community school model and its associated magnet program. The school is accredited by the ADE and since 1959, by AdvancED.
Extracurricular activities.
The McClellan High School mascot is the crimson lion and the school colors are red, white and blue. For 2012-14, the school participates in interscholastic activities in the 5A Central Conference administered by the Arkansas Activities Association (AAA). The McClellan Crimson Lions participate in baseball, basketball (boys/girls), football, soccer (boys), softball, tennis (boys/girls), track and field (boys/girls), and volleyball.
McClellan's basketball program has won seven conference titles, finished as state champion runner-up twice and attended 18 consecutive State Tournaments. McClellan basketball program recently won the class 5A state title in 2010. McClellan's track program has won several conference titles which included back to back titles in 2001 and 2002, finished as state runner-up and also won a state title. McClellan is also home to the Arkansas winner of the Wendy's High School Heisman Award Tiffany Gunn.
McClellan students can participate in 36 clubs and organizations as well as in band, choir, football, basketball, soccer, bowling, tennis, softball cheerleading, flag line and track. McClellan's colors are red, white and blue, and the lion is the school mascot.

</doc>
<doc id="6008909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008909" title="Michael Gough (cricketer)">
Michael Gough (cricketer)

Michael Gough (born 18 December 1979) is a retired English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler. Having played in two Youth Test matches in 1997, he impressed enough to become a fully fledged member of the Durham side of 1998, having previously been an occasional member of their Second XI side, and carrying on in this role for five more years.
In his debut in Second XI cricket, he finished his first innings admirably, but went out in the second innings for a duck. Gough played in eleven Youth Test Matches, debuting in South Africa in December 1997, in a match which ended up as a draw having seen England Under-19s follow on from 130 runs behind. He subsequently played against Pakistan, New Zealand and Australia Under-19s.
Gough umpired in the Second XI Championship and in the Second XI trophy, officiating his first game in April 2006.
He has umpired in three ODI games and four Twenty20 Internationals since 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6008918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008918" title="Kent City School District">
Kent City School District

The Kent City School District is a public school district based in Kent, Ohio, United States. It serves just over 3,500 students living in Kent, Franklin Township, Brady Lake, and Sugar Bush Knolls, as well as a small portion of southern Streetsboro. The district has seven schools including five elementary schools (Davey, Franklin, Holden, Longcoy, and Walls) housing grades K-5 (Davey Elementary also houses the district's pre-school program); Stanton Middle School, which houses grades 6-8; and Theodore Roosevelt High School, which houses grades 9-12. The current superintendent is Joseph Giancola who began serving in the Fall of 2007 after serving several years as assistant superintendent. The district offices are located in the historic and former DePeyster School on North DePeyster Street in Kent.
History.
The district was formed around 1860 by merging several smaller one-room school house districts into one centralized district for the village. As Kent was still known as Franklin Mills, the district was originally known as the "Franklin Union School District". The district would continue to be known as a "Franklin Union" district even after residents voted to change the name of the village from Franklin Mills to Kent in 1864. During the 1860s, the district began to divide the students in the school houses by grade level. As a result of the curriculum and management changes, the district elected to close the schoolhouses and erect a centralized building for all grades. Although initially planned for 1868, construction delays prevented the building from opening until Spring 1869. During the school year leading up to the opening of the new building, which would initially be known as the "Union School" and later as "Central School," students in the high school grades were housed at the Franklin Township Hall in Kent while all other grades remained at their respective school house. The building would serve as the home of all students until growth in the community necessitated the construction of two additional elementary schools: South School in 1880 and DePeyster School in 1888. Even with the new schools, the original Union/Central building would be the home of Kent High School until 1922.
Facilities.
"*= Davey Elementary School enrollment includes the district's preschool."

</doc>
<doc id="6008935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008935" title="Cactus Hill">
Cactus Hill

Cactus Hill is an archaeological site in southeastern Virginia, United States located on sand dunes above the Nottoway River about 45 miles south of Richmond. The site receives its name from the prickly pear cacti that can be found growing abundantly on-site in the sandy soil. Cactus Hill is one of the oldest archaeological sites in the Americas, and was inhabited as long as 18,000 to 20,000 years ago. The site has yielded multiple levels of prehistoric inhabitance with two discrete levels of early Paleoindian activity.
Significance.
The Cactus Hill site furnished evidence of a pre-Clovis population in North America. Finds at Cactus Hill are considered highly significant as they address pivotal questions such as, “When did humans populate the Americas?” and “Where did they come from?”
The general consensus for over 70 years (prior to the Cactus Hill discoveries) was that the Clovis culture first inhabited the Americas. In 1933, this view was supported by the discovery of a flint spearhead found at Clovis, New Mexico. A mammoth skeleton that was laid next the spearhead was dated as being from 11,500 BP. At the time, this was one of the earliest indications of human activity in the Americas. The evidence suggested that the introduction of the Clovis point coincided with the extinction of the megafauna on the continent; furthermore, it was believed that these people came to the Americas from Siberia through the Bering land bridge—a stretch of land that resulted from low sea levels during the Wisconsin glaciation. It is hypothesized that this allowed for migration between 14,500 and 14,000 BP.
The entire theory concerning the first inhabitants being the Clovis culture was reevaluated following the discoveries at Cactus Hill in the mid-1990s. With the emergence of new evidence, the hypothesis for a pre-Clovis human occupation began to surface. With excavation revealing evidence dating as old as 18,000 to 20,000 years ago, it is suggested that humans had occupied the Americas long before migration was possible across the Bering land bridge.
Discoveries.
Several inches of sand lie between the Clovis-era deposit and a lower level. This lower level, attributed to a pre-Clovis time period, includes:
Site integrity.
The site itself has been called into question due to its settlement on a sand hill. The sandy foundation had been called into question by researchers, mainly due to the possibility of inconsistent stratigraphy. James C. Baker of Virginia Tech conducted soil analysis that indicated that the formation of the site consisted of wind-blown sand deposits. Further research by James Feathers of the University of Washington confirmed that the buried sand levels had been undisturbed by later deposits. Along with this, paleoethnobotanist Lucinda McWeeney of Yale University identified charred plant remains. From this, she was able to identify a correlation between the stone artifacts and plant use at the site. The correlation indicates that the human occupation levels at the site have not been mixed. Dr. Carol Mandryk of Harvard University performed tests for the area that produced the 15,000-year-old date that showed relative stratigraphic integrity. Her tests at another area of the site failed to show proof that the sediments had not been disturbed.
Controversy.
Many hypotheses began to arise as a result of pre-Clovis evidence. One such hypothesis is advocated by Dennis Stanford. The Solutrean hypothesis involves the migration of European Solutreans to the Americas. The supporting evidence for this hypothesis includes the discovery of artifacts at Cactus Hill dated to the time period between the Clovis and Solutrean, and perhaps just as strongly, evidence of the same technology used between the two cultures. According to Dr. Bruce Bradley, “the Cactus Hill flint was a technological midpoint between the French Solutrean style and the Clovis points dating five millennia later.” The major criticism to this hypothesis is the area that there is simply not enough evidence to support it. In their journal article, Lawrence Guy Straus, David J. Meltzer, and Ted Goebel claim, “We believe that the many differences between Solutrean 
and Clovis are far more significant than the few similarities, the latter being readily explained by the well-known phenomenon of technological convergence or parallelism.” This helps explain the skepticism toward the Solutrean hypothesis, and much of the debate supporting the hypothesis is generally disregarded. This being the case, Cactus Hill was the driving force for the consideration of new hypotheses, and provides strong evidence supporting the inhabitance of the Americas prior to the Clovis. It has also led to the further research into the relatively unknown time period in America’s cultural history.

</doc>
<doc id="6008937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008937" title="Elbert Dysart Botts">
Elbert Dysart Botts

Dr. Elbert Dysart Botts (January 2, 1893 – April 10, 1962) was the California Department of Transportation ("Caltrans") engineer credited with overseeing the research that led to the development of "Botts' dots" and possibly the epoxy used to attach them to the road.
Botts was born in Missouri in 1893 and was a professor of chemistry at San Jose State College when he was recruited to Caltrans.
He is credited with leading the division of the Caltrans research laboratory (Translab) that conducted the initial research into identifying the best shapes and materials for raised pavement markers. Much of the necessary field research was conducted by his team on a new freeway in West Sacramento in the spring of 1955. Although the initial goal was to improve lane visibility, it was at this point that the tactile feedback provided by the dots was discovered.
At Caltrans, Botts dots were developed as a way to address the problem of paint disappearing when under water.
Botts never lived to see the success of his research. He died in April 1962 and his work on the dots was filed away; it was not even mentioned in his obituary in Translab's internal newsletter. Two years later, his research was rediscovered when his division, now under the direction of Herbert Rooney, decided to conduct further research into raised pavement markers. At this time, Translab developed the modern pattern of interspersing plastic square reflectors between groups of four round polyester or epoxy dots. This pattern was first tested along Interstate 80 near Vacaville in 1965. To minimize the risk that dots would become coated with rubber scraped off tires, Translab switched to ceramic round markers in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="6008942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008942" title="Tejano Music Awards">
Tejano Music Awards

The Tejano Music Awards had been launched in 1980 by former art teacher and music veteran Rudy Trevino and the leader of the Latin Breed Band, Gilbert Escobedo. Only 1,500 fans turned out for the first Tejano Music Awards. Over the years, San Antonio evolved into the Nashville of Tejano music. Since 1980, The Tejano Music Awards have provided a forum to create greater awareness and appreciation for Tejano music.
Artists such as Selena and Jay Perez, have dominated the Tejano Music Awards. Selena, who swept the Tejano Music Awards and won Female vocalist for 12 consecutive years from 1986-1997 (except 1988), and Female entertainer for 9 consecutive years from 1988–1996 and had captured every conceivable award. During the past few years the awards were being held in Eagle Pass, Texas at the Kickapoo Lucky Eagle Casino. The event has recently returned to San Antonio.[http://tejanomusicawards.blogspot.com/2006/10/tejano-music-awards-returns-to-san.html]

</doc>
<doc id="6008951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008951" title="Blue smoke">
Blue smoke

Blue smoke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6008956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008956" title="Selenops">
Selenops

Selenops is a spider genus that is found in many deserts of the world. It is very hard to distinguish the 115 species.
"S. australiensis" is found on or under dry bark in Australia. The female reaches 9mm, the male 7mm. It looks superficially like a huntsman spider.
"S. radiatus" has proved to be an effective controlling agent of the potato tuber moth in South Africa.
Name.
Named after the moon goddess Selene, and Greek "-ops" "eye", because of the moon-like form of the eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="6008970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008970" title="Friedrich family">
Friedrich family

The Friedrich are the most ancient German-Bohemian glass-maker family.
History.
From as early as 750 years ago, the shadowy picture of the oldest German-Bohemian glass-maker family Friedrich emerges, who contributed greatly towards the creation of the world-famous Bohemian glass (also called "Bohemian Crystal"). In pre-Hussite times they produced amazing works of vitreous art near Daubitz, nowadays called Doubice. During the 16th and 17th centuries, as a result of the family’s development of their glass factory in Oberkreibitz, today Horní Chribská, Bohemian glass art enjoyed its first heyday.
The expansion of this glass-maker family over many European countries is unparalleled. Its hut master dynasties made glass history in Bohemia, Silesia, Austria, Tyrol and Slovenia. Its glass-makers proved their artistic skills and technological experience in Brandenburg, Saxony, Thuringia, Bavaria, Styria, Slovakia, Croatia and so on. The well-known glass artist Friedrich Egermann also ranked among the family’s descendants as the natural historian and explorer of South America Thaddäus Haenke.

</doc>
<doc id="6008980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008980" title="Denis Chassé">
Denis Chassé

Denis Chassé (born February 7, 1970) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played in the NHL for the St. Louis Blues, Washington Capitals, Winnipeg Jets and Ottawa Senators. He played right wing and shot right-handed.
Playing career.
Chassé began his career playing in the QMJHL. While there he established himself as a high scoring forward as well as a rugged enforcer. In his final year in the QMJHL he scored 101 points in 62 games in addition to logging 246 penalty minutes. 
Chassé signed as a free agent with the Quebec Nordiques in 1991. From there he reported to the Halifax Citadels of the AHL. He played two solid years with the Citadels, scoring 61 and 76 points respectively. For the 1993–1994 season Chassé joined the Cornwall Aces and scored 66 points in 48 games. Midway through the 1993–1994 season he was traded to the St. Louis Blues and made his NHL debut with the Blues towards the end of the season, appearing in 3 games. 
Chassé earned a full time spot with the Blues for the 1994–1995 lockout shortened season. He played in 47 games, scoring 16 points. He also surprised many with his play in the playoffs that year, scoring 8 points in 7 games. The 1995–1996 season was a rough one for Chassé. He played for 3 teams, playing 42 games with the Blues, 3 with the Washington Capitals, and 15 with the Winnipeg Jets while only scoring 3 points the whole year. 
Chassé signed as a free agent with the Ottawa Senators for the 1996–1997 season. He played 22 games in what would be his last stint in the NHL. Chassé then played the next 4 years in Europe, beginning with a season in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in Germany, splitting the season with the Adler Mannheim and the Augsburger Panther. He then spent three seasons in the United Kingdom playing in the now defunct Ice Hockey Superleague, spending two seasons with the Bracknell Bees and one with the Cardiff Devils before retiring in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="6008990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008990" title="Sivensa">
Sivensa

Sivensa (BVC: SVS) the largest private-sector Venezuelan steel corporation. Founded in 1948, it has grown to be, after Sidor, Venezuela's largest steel and associated products producer. In 1998, Sivensa suffered a substantial crisis - mainly due to the Asian Crisis - which reduced the size of the company and generated a big debt. Nowadays it has two main divisions, International Briquettes Holding (IBH), which sells briquettes and iron pellets; and Sidetur, which sells steel. Thanks to high steel prices, the situation of the company is improving with the years. "The subsidiaries of Sivensa have national presence; their nine operating plants are located in the states of Bolivar, Carabobo, Miranda, Lara and the Federal District. Additionally, Sidetur has 14 ferrous material collection centers located in various cities."

</doc>
<doc id="6009026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009026" title="Great curassow">
Great curassow

The great curassow ("Crax rubra") () is a large, pheasant-like bird from the Neotropics.
Description.
At in length and in weight, this is a very large cracid. Females are somewhat smaller than males. It is the most massive and heavy species in the family but its length is matched by a few other cracids. Four other species of curassow (the northern helmeted, the southern helmeted, the black and the crested) are all around the same average length as the great curassow. In this species, standard measurements are as follows: the wing chord is , the tail is and the tarsus is . They have the largest mean standard measurements in the family, but for tail length.
The male is black with a curly crest, a white belly, and a yellow knob on its bill. There are three morphs of female great curassows: barred morph females with barred neck, mantle, wings and tail; rufous morph with an overall reddish brown plumage and a barred tail; and dark morph female with a blackish neck, mantle and tail (the tail often faintly vermiculated), and some barring to the wings. In most regions only one or two morphs occur, and females showing a level of intermediacy between these morphs are known (e.g. resembling rufous morph, but with black neck and faint vermiculations to wings). This species has a similar voice to several other curassows, its call consisting of a "peculiar" lingering whistle.
Ecology.
A monogamous species, the great curassow is distributed in rainforest from eastern Mexico throughout Central America, to western Colombia and northwest Ecuador. In Mexico, it is absent from drier western coastal forests but does occasionally occur in dry areas of the Yucatan, Cozumel Island and Costa Rica. The great curassow spends much of its time on the ground, but nests and roosts in trees. This species is gregarious, occurring in groupings of up to a dozen birds, though occasionally birds can be seen alone. Its diet consists mainly of fruits, figs and arthropods. Small vertebrates may supplement the diet on occasion, including small mammals (such as rodents) and small fledging birds. Unlike other cracids, such as guans, they feed largely on fallen fruit rather than pluck fruit directly from the trees. In Tamaulipas, it feeds largely on the fruit "Spondias mombin". Elsewhere, it may prefer the red berries of "Chione" trees.
The male great curassow may build the nest and attract a female's attention to it, though in other cases both members of a pair will build the nest structure. Two eggs are typically laid in a relatively small nest (usually made largely of leaves), each egg measuring and weighing . The young curassow weighs upon hatching; as a half-year-old immature fledgling; and by a year of age, when fully fledged and independent of parental care, will be about three-quarters of their adult weight at . This species has been noted for its rather aggressive temperament, which has been regularly directed at humans when the birds are held in captivity. Undoubtedly, they have this inclination in order to repel natural predators, from both themselves and their offspring. Known natural predators of this species have included ocelots and ornate hawk-eagles, though chicks and eggs likely have a broader range of predators. When a potential predator is near their offspring, curassows have been noted to engage in a distraction display, feigning injury. When attacking humans, the curassows leap in fluttering flight and scratch about the head, targeting the eyes. Their lifespan in captivity has reached at least 24 years.
Paleontology.
The great curassow is the most northernly "Crax" species. It is part of a clade that inhabited the north of South America since about 9 mya (Tortonian, Late Miocene). As the Colombian Andes were uplifted around 6 mya, this species' ancestors were cut off from the population to their southeast. The latter would in time evolve into the blue-billed curassow. The ancestral great curassows then spread along the Pacific side of the Andes, and into Central America during the Pliocene and Pleistocene (Pereira & Baker 2004) as part of the Great American Interchange.
Status.
Due to ongoing habitat loss and overhunting in some areas, the great curassow is evaluated as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. It is listed on Appendix III of CITES in Costa Rica, Guatemala, Colombia and Honduras. Of the smaller subspecies "griscomi" of Cozumel Island, only a few hundred remain. Its population seems either to have been slowly increasing since the 1980s, or to be fluctuating at a low level; it is vulnerable to hurricanes. 
This species has proven to produce fertile hybrids with its closest living relative the blue-billed curassow, and also with the much more distantly related black curassow.

</doc>
<doc id="6009027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009027" title="Communist Party of Canada candidates, 1988 Canadian federal election">
Communist Party of Canada candidates, 1988 Canadian federal election

The Communist Party of Canada fielded several candidates in the 1988 federal election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Quebec.
Papineau—Saint-Michel: Line Chabot.
Line Chabot was a Communist Party candidate in two federal elections and one provincial election. She described herself as a bookseller in 1984.
Ontario.
Geoffrey Da Silva (Eglinton—Lawrence).
Da Silva received 208 votes (0.52%), finishing fifth against Liberal candidate Joe Volpe. He later became a cabinet minister in Guyana.
Mike Phillips (Sudbury).
Mike Phillips was a perennial candidate for the Communist Party at the federal and provincial levels. He was a 24-year-old electrician during his first campaign, and later worked as a labour reporter for the "Canadian Tribune".
John (Jack) C. Sweet (York West).
Sweet was a toolmaker, administrator and IBM clerk in private life, and was a perennial candidate for federal, provincial and municipal office in North York. He joined the Communist Party at age eighteen and was a member for more than fifty years, working for a time in the organization's Toronto headquarters. 
Sweet contributed to "Canadian Aid for Russia" in 1943, during World War II. He was president of Toronto's Tim Buck-Norman Bethune Education Centre during the 1980s. A dedicated community activist, he was also president of the Humberlea Community Association and chairman of a Metro tax reform council. He opposed an expansion of Pearson International Airport in 1989.
He was listed as sixty-six years old during the 1984 campaign.
The closest he ever came to winning election was in 1978, when he was narrowly defeated for a North York school trustee position.

</doc>
<doc id="6009034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009034" title="Gregory S. Aldrete">
Gregory S. Aldrete

Gregory S. Aldrete (born 1966) is a professor of history and humanistic studies currently teaching at the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay, where he has been teaching since 1995. His emphasis is in rhetoric and oratory, floods in Rome, ancient Greek and Roman history, and daily life in the Roman world. He earned his undergraduate degree from Princeton University and his Ph. D. in ancient history from the University of Michigan. Greg Aldrete speaks Latin, Ancient Greek, Spanish, and can read texts in Italian, French, and German.
Greg has written many books on the subject of ancient Rome including "Gestures and Acclamations in Ancient Rome", "The Encyclopedia of Daily Life in the Ancient World", and "Daily Life in the Ancient Roman City: Rome, Pompeii, and Ostia". He is currently working on a book entitled "Floods of the Tiber in Ancient Rome" due out in November 2006, and a text book under McGraw Hill for use in Western Civilization courses.
He is currently researching a type of ancient cloth body armor (sometimes called a linothorax) with former student Scott Bartell. Their research has been presented at consecutive meetings of the AIA/APA (2009, 2010). Aldrete is a member of the Phaeton Group, serving as their Ancient Historian, as well as the Secretary and Treasurer. 
Professor Aldrete's interdisciplinary approach to the study of the ancient world, which he incorporates into his lectures, has earned him many fellowships. Apart from numerous research trips to Italy, Greg Aldrete has been able to study Vatican Library manuscripts over 1,500 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="6009038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009038" title="Limnanthes">
Limnanthes

Limnanthes, the type genus of the family Limnanthaceae, consists of annual herbaceous plants commonly known as the meadowfoams. The seven species are all native to coastal and adjoining regions (inland valleys, foothills and mountains) of western North America, where they typically grow in marshy habitats, such as the margins of vernal pools. Some are endemic to California
General form ranges from decumbent to erect, with leaves either pinnately lobed or compound; the lobes or leaflets may themselves range from entire to deeply lobed. Both 4- and 5-sepaled and petaled members are known.
The white meadowfoam "Limnanthes alba" is of commercial interest for its oil, while several other species are rare or endangered.
Species.
The genus is divided into two sections, Limnanthes, in which the sepals reflex (curve back) during fruit maturation, and Inflexae, in which the sepals curve over the maturing fruit.
Section Limnanthes:
"Limnanthes bakeri"<br>
"Limnanthes douglasii"<br>
"Limnanthes macounii"<br>
"Limnanthes vinculans"<br>
Section Inflexae:
"Limnanthes alba"<br>
"Limnanthes floccosa"<br>
"Limnanthes montana"<br>

</doc>
<doc id="6009043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009043" title="Ronald Blythe">
Ronald Blythe

Ronald Blythe (born 6 November 1922) is an English writer, essayist and editor, best known for his work "Akenfield: Portrait of an English Village" (1969), an account of agricultural life in Suffolk from the turn of the century to the 1960s. He writes a long-running and considerably praised weekly column in the "Church Times" entitled "Word from Wormingford".
Family background and early life.
Blythe was born in Acton, Suffolk; he was to be the eldest of six children. His father, who had seen action in the First World War at Gallipoli and in Palestine, came from generations of East Anglian farmers and farm workers. His mother was from London and had worked as a VAD nurse during the war. Blythe can remember as a child seeing the sugarbeet being farmed by men in army greatcoats and puttees. 
He was educated at St Peter's and St Gregory's school in Sudbury, Suffolk, and grew up exploring churches, architecture, plants and books. He was, he said, "a chronic reader", immersing himself in French literature and writing poetry.
Early cultural connections.
Blythe briefly served during the Second World War and spent the ten years up to 1954 working as a reference librarian in Colchester, where he founded the Colchester Literary Society. Through his work at the library he met Christine Nash, wife of the artist John Nash; she was looking for the score of Idomeneo. Christine Nash introduced Blythe to her husband, inviting him to their house, Bottengoms Farm near Wormingford on the border of Essex and Suffolk; he visited first in 1947. She later encouraged his ambitions to be a writer, finding him a small house on the Suffolk coast near Aldeburgh.
For three years in the late 1950s Blythe worked for Benjamin Britten at the Aldeburgh Festival, editing programmes and doing pieces of translation. He met E.M. Forster, was briefly involved with Patricia Highsmith, spent time with the Nashes, and was part of the bohemian world associated with the artists of the East Anglian School of Painting and Drawing at Benton End near Hadleigh, run by Cedric Morris and Arthur Lett-Haines. "I was a poet but I longed to be a painter like the rest of them," Blythe told "The Guardian". "What I basically am is a listener and a watcher. I absorb, without asking questions, but I don't forget things, and I was inspired by a lot of these people because they worked so hard and didn't make a fuss. They just lived their lives in a very independent and disciplined way."
Career as a writer.
In 1960 Blythe published his first book, "A Treasonable Growth", a novel set in the Suffolk countryside. His "The Age of Illusion", a collection of essays exploring the social history of life in England between the wars, appeared in 1963. That book led to his being asked to edit a series of classics for the Penguin English Library, beginning with Jane Austen's "Emma" and continuing with work by Hazlitt, Thomas Hardy and Henry James. There were short stories and book reviews, and Blythe later prepared a number of anthologies, including "The Pleasure of Diaries" (1989) and "Private Words: Letters and Diaries from the Second World War" (1993).
In 1969 he published "Akenfield: Portrait of an English Village", a fictionalised account of life in a Suffolk village from 1880 to 1966. Blythe based his book on conversations with the people of the community in which he lived. "When I wrote Akenfield," Blythe said, "I had no idea that anything particular was happening, but it was the last days of the old traditional rural life in Britain. And it vanished." The book is regarded as a classic of its type and was made into a film, "Akenfield", by Peter Hall in 1974. When the film was aired it attracted fifteen million viewers; Blythe made an appearance as the vicar. "I actually haven't worked on this land but I've seen the land ploughed by horses," Blythe told "The Guardian" in 2011. "So I have a feeling and understanding in that respect – of its glory and bitterness."
In the 1970s Blythe nursed John Nash in ill health. His book "The View in Winter" is a consideration of old age. In 1977 Blythe inherited Bottengoms Farm from Nash, who had bought the Elizabethan yeoman’s house in 1944. He later published a book, "First Friends" (1999), based on a trunk of letters he found in the house that recorded the friendship between the Nash brothers, John's future wife, Christine Külenthal, and the artist Dora Carrington.
His life at Bottengoms and the landscape around his home became the subject of Blythe's long-running column, "Word from Wormingford", in the "Church Times". These meditative reflections on literature, history, the Church of England, and the natural world were subsequently collected together in a number of books, including "A Parish Year" (1998) and "A Year at Bottengoms Farm" (2007). A compilation of his work, "Aftermath: Selected Writings 1960-2010", appeared in 2010.
Blythe continues to live and work at Bottengoms. He never learned to drive and does not use a computer.
Positions and awards.
Blythe is a reader in the Church of England and a lay canon at St Edmundsbury Cathedral in Bury St Edmunds. He is a fellow of the Royal Society of Literature and has been president of the John Clare Society since its foundation. His book, "At Helpston", is a series of essays on that poet. In 2006 Blythe was awarded a Benson Medal for lifelong achievement by the Royal Society of Literature.
Portraits of Blythe.
The National Portrait Gallery has two portraits of Ronald Blythe, a 2005 C-type print by Mark Gerson and a 1990 bromide print by Lucinda Douglas-Menzies.

</doc>
<doc id="6009044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009044" title="Drive (TV series)">
Drive (TV series)

Drive is an American action drama television series created by Tim Minear and Ben Queen, produced by Minear, Queen, and Greg Yaitanes, and starring Nathan Fillion. Four episodes aired on the Fox Network in April 2007. Two unaired episodes were later released directly to digital distribution.
The series is set against the backdrop of an illegal cross-country automobile road race, focusing on the willing and unwilling competitors and, as the plot develops, the unseen puppet masters who sponsor the race. Minear has described the show's thematic tone by saying "a secret, illegal, underground road race can be anything from "Cannonball Run" to "The Game" to "North by Northwest" to "Magnolia"-on-wheels. Ours is all those things."
"Firefly" and "Serenity" star Nathan Fillion, a longtime friend of series creator Tim Minear, plays the lead role of Alex Tully. Ivan Sergei played Tully in the unaired pilot.
"Drive" was the first TV show in history which had a live Twitter session during an episode. The account @foxdrive still exists. 
The show premiered on April 13, 2007 on CTV in Canada. It debuted in the United States on April 15, 2007 on Fox, and moved into its regular time slot on Mondays the next day; in that slot it faced stiff competition from NBC's "Deal or No Deal" and ABC's "Dancing with the Stars". On April 25, Fox canceled "Drive" only after four episodes had aired. The series has not yet been released to international markets (with the exception of Canada) or on DVD, although it is available for viewing via Amazon Instant Video.
Route.
The following are the checkpoints passed, clues and/or instructions before arrival, and the specifics regarding them.
Episodes.
A total of six episodes of "Drive" were produced, four of them were aired prior to its cancellation. The series premiered on April 13, 2007 in Canada and on April 15, 2007 in the United States.
Production notes.
Fox greenlit series production on "Drive" in October 2006. In addition to the series pilot, another twelve episodes were ordered as a midseason replacement for spring 2007.
Filming locations.
"Drive" was shot in the Los Angeles area, using road footage and green-screen technology. According to Tim Minear, "because of technology, we can actually create a cross-country road race and shoot it all in Santa Clarita." This led to geographic inconsistencies in the series, including mountains and desert settings visible during highway scenes set near Gainesville, Florida, when there are no actual mountain ranges or deserts in that area.
Highway scenes were shot on Interstate 210 in Rialto, California on the finished but unopened portion between Alder Ave. and Linden Ave. The exit for Alder Ave can be seen as the exit in most of the freeway scenes. In the first episode, the Alder Ave. sign for the exit is clearly legible. Scenes at the "Kennedy Space Center" were filmed at the Ambassador Auditorium in Pasadena, California.
Cancellation.
The two-hour premiere of "Drive" in the United States, broadcast on April 15, 2007 at 8:00 pm, was watched by six million viewers. The program did not deliver the ratings Fox desired, and on April 25, 2007, the network announced that it had cancelled "Drive". The final two remaining unaired episodes of "Drive" were made available for online streaming on Fox on Demand beginning Sunday, July 15, 2007, in addition to the previously aired episodes. All six episodes of the show have been made available for purchase and download from the iTunes Store and Amazon Video on Demand exclusively for United States residents.
Fox initially announced that the final two episodes would air on July 4, 2007. The network rescheduled them for July 13 and later pulled them entirely. The two remaining episodes were posted online on July 15, 2007. Executive producers Tim Minear and Craig Silverstein subsequently gave an interview that described what might have happened if the series had continued.
Awards and nominations.
"Drive", while short-lived, is the first series to be nominated for an Emmy Award under the organization's new "broadband" eligibility guidelines. The show's title sequence had originally been submitted for consideration in the category of "Outstanding Visual Effects in a Drama Series". However, Emmy regulations require a series to air at least six episodes in order to be eligible, whereas "Drive" had only aired four episodes prior to its cancellation. After the sequence was posted for streaming on the Internet, it became eligible under the new "Outstanding Visual Effects in a Television Miniseries, Movie, or Special" category.

</doc>
<doc id="6009046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009046" title="Fairfield Ludlowe High School">
Fairfield Ludlowe High School

Fairfield Ludlowe High School (FLHS) is a co-educational secondary school located in Fairfield, Connecticut, United States. Before Roger Ludlowe Middle School opened up on campus in 1998, Fairfield Ludlowe High School was a middle school and all the middle school students went to Fairfield Warde High School. FLHS was reopened as a high school in fall 2003 because of overcrowding at Fairfield's one existing high school, now called Fairfield Warde High School. The school was originally opened as "Fairfield High School at the Ludlowe Site," as a satellite campus of Fairfield High School housing 9th and 10th grades. In Fall 2003, The Board of Education decided that it would be called Fairfield High School South, while the existing high school would be called Fairfield High School East. The Board claimed that they voted for these names minimize rivalry between the schools. Several months later, after much persuasion, the Board voted to change the name of the two schools to Fairfield Ludlowe and Fairfield Warde, keeping the names from before the 1987 consolidation but also maintaining the reputation of the Fairfield name. There now exists a healthy rivalry between the two schools.
Accolades.
In 2012, the school debuted in the rankings for the U.S. News & World Report Best High Schools ranking. It is currently ranked as the 16th best High School in Connecticut, and the 527th best in the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="6009050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009050" title="Aziz Abdul Naji">
Aziz Abdul Naji

Abdul Aziz Naji is an Algerian citizen who was held without charges in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba.
His Guantanamo Internment Serial Number was 744. 
American intelligence analysts report that he was born on May 4, 1975, in Batna, Algeria.
Naji arrived at Guantanamo on August 5, 2002, and was repatriated to Algeria, against his will, in July 2010.
The Obama administration transferred Abdul Aziz Naji to Algeria in July 2010 against his will. Naji argued that he would face a high risk to be tortured in Algeria when he would be forced to returned to this country but he lost his case before the Supreme Court. Human Rights Watch has heavily criticized the Obama administration for their decision.
On July 25, 2010, he was indicted by the government of Algeria and placed under judicial supervision though it is not known what he had been charged with or what the supervision entailed.
Background.
Abdul Aziz Naji asserts he was in Pakistan as an aid worker, performing zakat -- charitable work.
He described losing a leg to a land mine while performing charitable service near embattled Kashmir.
He lost his leg prior to al Qaeda's attack on the USA, and spent a year in medical rehabilitation in Pakistan.
His capture came shortly after his release from the hospital during a trip to Peshawar, where he was to meet a marriage broker.
Clearance by Obama Administration's Guantanamo Review Task Force.
No charges have ever been brought against Mr. Naji by the US government.
On May 20, 2009, he was cleared for transfer by the Guantanamo Review Task Force established by President Obama’s Executive Order of January 22, 2009.
Combatant Status Review Tribunal.
Initially the Bush administration asserted that they could withhold all the protections of the Geneva Conventions to captives from the War on Terror. This policy was challenged before the Judicial branch. Critics argued that the USA could not evade its obligation to conduct competent tribunals to determine whether captives are, or are not, entitled to the protections of prisoner of war status. 
Subsequently the Department of Defense instituted the Combatant Status Review Tribunals. The Tribunals, however, were not authorized to determine whether the captives were "lawful combatants" — rather they were merely empowered to make a recommendation as to whether the captive had previously been correctly determined to match the Bush administration's definition of an enemy combatant. However, the Supreme Court eventually ruled these tribunals unconstitutional in "Hamdan v. Rumsfeld".
Habeas corpus.
Abdul Aziz Naji had a habeas corpus appeal initiated on his behalf in 2005.
On 15 July 2008 Kristine A. Huskey filed a ""NOTICE OF PETITIONERS’ REQUEST FOR 30-DAYS NOTICE OF TRANSFER"" on behalf of these captives whose names are not on any of the official lists.
His most recent attorneys are Ellen Lubell and Doris Tennant, of Newton, Massachusetts.
Lubell and Tennant appealed to Newton's city council to follow the example of neighboring Amherst and offer sanctuary to their client.
Disappearance alleged.
In an email, dated 23 July 2010, Bill Quigley, Legal Director of Center for Constitutional Rights, states that Abdul Aziz Naji, had gone missing after the US sent him back to Algeria against his will and that Abdul Aziz Naji did not want to return to Algeria because he feared persecution from both the Algerian government and militant anti-government forces. Mr. Naji had applied for political asylum in Switzerland, and his application was proceeding through the Swiss courts.
January 2012 conviction.
Naji was convicted on January 16, 2012 of "“belonging to a terrorist group abroad”".
Naji had asserted he had been a charity worker in Afghanistan -- not a fighter.
According to the human rights group Reprieve the prosecution didn't introduce new evidence against him, only introducing the untested allegations from Guantanamo.
Swiss asylum request.
In June 2013 the "Swiss Broadcasting Corporation" reported that Abdul Aziz Naji had requested asylum in Switzerland, in 2009.
Switzerland's Federal Migration Office turned down his asylum request.
His lawyer appealed to Switzerland's Federal Administrative Court, which ruled, on December 10, 2009, that the justification for turning down the asylum request were vague and inadequate. They ruled that the decision on his asylum request would have to be re-done.
In June 2013 the Federal Migration Office responded to queries as to why it had not reviewed Abdul Aziz Naji's request. They wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="6009053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009053" title="Dust Commander">
Dust Commander

Dust Commander (February 8, 1967 - October 7, 1991) was an American Thoroughbred Racehorse.
Background.
The name "Dust Commander" is derived from his dam, Dust Storm, and his sire, Bold Commander. A descendant of Nearco, Dust Commander was bred by the Pullen brothers. He was owned by Robert E. Lehmann and trained by Don Combs.
Racing career.
In a 3 year racing career, Dust Commander had 8 wins, 5 places and 4 shows in 42 starts. He finished his career with $215,012 in winnings. Some of the highlights of his career include winning as a 2 year old the City of Miami Beach Handicap and as a 3 year old the Blue Grass Stakes, a Kentucky Derby prep race.
On May 2, 1970 with Mike Manganello aboard, Dust Commander won the 96th running of the Kentucky Derby in 2:03.4 ahead of 
My Dad George and High Echelon.
Hunter S. Thompson's seminal 1970 essay "The Kentucky Derby is Decadent and Depraved" detailed the running of the Derby won by Dust Commander.
Stud record.
Standing at stud, Dust Commander sired the 1975 Preakness Stakes winner, Master Derby.
In 2006, the family of the late Robert E. Lehmann donated Dust Commander's Kentucky Derby Trophy to the Kentucky Derby Museum. [http://www.derbymuseum.org/uploadfiles/DUSTCOMMANDERPRESSRELEASE.doc]

</doc>
<doc id="6009056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009056" title="Dominican School of Philosophy and Theology">
Dominican School of Philosophy and Theology

The Dominican School of Philosophy and Theology (often abbreviated DSPT) is a Roman Catholic college, seminary, and graduate school in Berkeley, California. It is located at 2301 Vine Street in Berkeley. 
The DSPT is sponsored by the Dominican Order (specifically, by the Province of the Most Holy Name of Jesus, also known as the Western Province). It is a member of the interfaith Graduate Theological Union (GTU), an affiliate of the University of California Berkeley and offers certificate and degree programs to lay men and women, Catholics and non-Catholics, as well as training for the Dominicans of the Western Province.
History.
In 1851, Dominican missionary Francis Sadoc Vilarrasa and six Dominican novices arrived in Monterey, California, and established a school to prepare the young men for the priesthood. In 1854, the School moved to Benicia, but the traditional Dominican attraction to universities led the Order to seek a location closer to the University of California, Berkeley. In 1932, the Dominicans incorporated the school as the College of St. Albert the Great in Oakland, just a couple miles from the UC Berkeley campus. In 1964, the College received accreditation from the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) and in the fall of 1964 the College joined the nascent GTU, becoming the first Roman Catholic school to participate in that consortium. In 1978, the College began "doing business as" the Dominican School of Philosophy and Theology.
From the time of its association with the GTU, the School had leased space for classes and faculty offices. In 2004, the School purchased a permanent campus site in Berkeley near other GTU member schools, and began offering classes at the new site in September 2006.
Program offerings.
The Dominican School offers the following degree and certificate programs:
The Dominican School also accepts non-degree seeking students in its Special Student program. The School's programs are accredited by WASC and by the Association of Theological Schools (ATS).
The Bachelor of Arts program was discontinued in the 2009-2010 academic year.

</doc>
<doc id="6009070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009070" title="Eric Nesterenko">
Eric Nesterenko

Eric "Sonja" Nesterenko (born October 31, 1933) is a Canadian former professional National Hockey League (NHL) player from 1951 to 1972, playing centre for the Toronto Maple Leafs until 1956 and for the Chicago Black Hawks thereafter. In 1973–74 he played for the Chicago Cougars of the World Hockey Association, after a year of coaching in Switzerland. He had 250 goals and 324 assists during his NHL career, and won a Stanley Cup championship with Chicago in 1961. The rangy right winger was a superb penalty killer, who also was known for using his elbows in the corners.
Nesterenko was born in Flin Flon, Manitoba to immigrants from Ukraine. He attended high school at North Toronto Collegiate Institute. In 1986, he played the father of character Dean Youngblood (played by Rob Lowe) in the movie "Youngblood". He has also worked as a disk jockey, a stockbroker, a travel broker, a freelance writer, a university professor and a ski instructor.
Near the end of his NHL career, he was interviewed for Studs Terkel's bestselling book, "Working: What People do all Day and How They Feel About What They Do".

</doc>
<doc id="6009072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009072" title="Seiji Ogawa">
Seiji Ogawa

Seiji Ogawa (小川 誠二 "Ogawa Seiji", born January 19, 1934) is a Japanese researcher known for discovering the technique that underlies Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI). He is regarded as the father of modern functional brain imaging. He determined that the changes in blood oxygen levels cause its magnetic resonance imaging properties to change, allowing a map of blood, and hence, functional, activity in the brain to be created. This map reflected which neurons of the brain responded with electrochemical signals to mental processes. He was the first scientist who demonstrated that the functional brain imaging is depended on the oxygenation status of the blood, the BOLD effect. The technique was therefore called Blood-oxygen-level dependent or BOLD contrast. Functional MRI (fMRI) has been used to map the visual, auditory and sensory regions and moving toward higher brain functions such as cognitive functions in the brain.
Early career.
Seiji Ogawa trained as an applied physicist in Tokyo and got a PhD in chemistry from Stanford. He worked for 33 years in Biophysics research at AT&T Bell Laboratories in Murray Hill, New Jersey, and was a Distinguished Member of the technical staff. In 2001, he became Director of the Ogawa Laboratories for Brain Function Research in Tokyo. Professor Ogawa joined NRI (Neuroscience Research Institute, Gachon University of Medicine and Science, Korea) since 2008 as a Distinguished Professor and leading the fMRI research in conjunction with the new 7.0T MRI system. He has received several awards for his magnetic resonance work, is a member of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences and has been awarded the Japan Prize.
fMRI.
Ogawa discovered the principle which is now widely used to functionally and physiologically image the brain, particularly the human brain. He built on the technology of magnetic resonance imaging by using the difference in blood oxygenation level to generate a brain map corresponding to blood flow to active neurons. This helped to map the functional activity of the brain noninvasively, adding to the structural mapping provided by MRI. FMRI is now widely used in biology, neurobiology, psychology, neurology and other branches of research and to diagnose the physiological basis of mental illnesses and organic brain dysfunction in clinical medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="6009073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009073" title="Northern Lights (1997 film)">
Northern Lights (1997 film)

Northern Lights is a 1997 made for TV film for the Disney Channel starring Diane Keaton. It is known for being the first film produced under the network's Disney Channel Original Movie branding.
Plot.
Childless widow, Roberta receives news of the death of her estranged brother.
Upon arriving in her hometown for her brother's funeral, Roberta receives an unexpected inheritance, her 9-year-old nephew Jack. Savvy and curious, Jack and Roberta struggle to find common ground.

</doc>
<doc id="6009074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009074" title="Enrico Ciccone">
Enrico Ciccone

Enrico Pasquale Ciccone (born April 10, 1970 in Montreal, Quebec) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman.
Ciccone was drafted in 1990 by the Minnesota North Stars. After playing just 31 games with the North Stars, he was traded to the Washington Capitals prior to the 1993–94 NHL season. After just 51 games, he was traded to the Tampa Bay Lightning at the trade deadline. Ciccone also played for the Chicago Blackhawks and Vancouver Canucks before he returned for a second tour with the Lightning. During the 1998–99 season the Lightning traded him to the Capitals for his second tour in Washington. His final NHL games were played with the Montreal Canadiens. Enrico Ciccone also had a brief stint with the Carolina Hurricanes.
In 374 NHL games, he scored 10 goals and 18 assists, and amassed 1,469 penalty minutes.
He is now a hockey player agent.

</doc>
<doc id="6009099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009099" title="By the Light of the Moon (album)">
By the Light of the Moon (album)

By the Light of the Moon is the third album by the American rock group Los Lobos.

</doc>
<doc id="6009110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009110" title="Pando of Capua">
Pando of Capua

Pando the Rapacious (; died 862 or 863) was the second son of Landulf I of Capua and brother of Lando I. When his father died (843), Lando succeeded to the countship, but Pando and their younger brother Landulf were associated as co-rulers (with no real power). In fact, he went to Salerno, where he became a "marepaphias" (or "marepahissatum"/"marepahis", a Byzantine function). 
On Lando's death, his son, Lando II succeeded him, but Pando deposed him (861) and sent him to govern Caiazzo, taking up the countship of Capua and declaring himself independent from the Prince of Salerno (862). He did not reign for long, however, and his reign was spent mostly in war for his usurped throne; wars in which he was "rapacious". He destroyed the city of Caserta (c.863) and captured his nephew Landenulf (Lando II's brother) and forty other "primarii" (leading men) of the city. He then built a large, defensive tower around which modern Caserta was built. That tower is now included in the Palazzo della Prefettura, once seat of the counts of Caserta and, later, a royal residence. 
Pando died in battle and was succeeded by his son Pandenulf, who was deposed, while his younger son Landenulf became bishop of Capua in 879. Pandenulf later became the first of a line of counts of Caserta. 

</doc>
<doc id="6009115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009115" title="Mitzi McCall">
Mitzi McCall

Mitzi McCall (born September 9, 1932) is an American actress married to actor Charlie Brill. She performed on "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In". Other credits include guest appearances on "Life Goes On, The Twilight Zone, Silk Stalkings" (where she appeared as the wife of Brill's character), and voice work on many cartoons. McCall was a panelist on the game show "Match Game" during its 1970s revival. In 1971, she was the voice of Penny on "The Flintstones" spin-off "The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show".
McCall and Brill met in 1959 and married the following year. They have a daughter, L.A.-based yoga teacher Jenny Brill.
McCall and Brill appeared on "The Ed Sullivan Show" on February 9, 1964, the show that featured the U.S. television debut of The Beatles. Their act can be seen on the DVD of the Beatles' appearances on the Sullivan show. They were interviewed in 2005 for the "Big Break" episode of PRI radio program "This American Life," regarding their Beatles-Sullivan experience, including a dressing room encounter with John Lennon.
Brill and McCall were spotted in 1963 while working in Honolulu by the Australian television producer John Collins, who produced "The Tonight Show" for the Nine Network in Sydney. Collins was seeking a replacement for the then unknown Irish comedian Dave Allen, who had hosted the program for the previous two seasons and wanted to return to Ireland. Collins approached them and they agreed but could not start an Australian engagement until their Hawaiian engagement was complete. They recommended an American comedian, their friend Don Lane, who was also working in Hawaii, to fill in in the meantime. Collins agreed to this.
Lane started his Australian engagement and was an immediate success. Ratings were sensational and the network was delighted. It was going to be difficult if not impossible to replace him once the Brills became available. When they did, the preference was obvious and their engagement was cancelled after six weeks. Lane resumed their spot and remained successful in Australian television for the ensuing thirty-five years.

</doc>
<doc id="6009125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009125" title="L'Ambiance Plaza collapse">
L'Ambiance Plaza collapse

The L'Ambiance Plaza collapse was one of the worst disasters in modern Connecticut history. L'Ambiance Plaza was a 16-story residential project under construction in Bridgeport, Connecticut at the corner of Washington Avenue and Coleman Street. Its partially erect frame completely collapsed on April 23, 1987, killing 28 construction workers. Failure was possibly due to high concrete stresses on the floor slabs by the placement process resulting in cracking ending in a type of punch through failure. Several observers suggested the collapse was preventable and highlighted the deficiencies of the lift slab construction technique. This collapse prompted a major nationwide federal investigation into lift slab construction as well as a temporary moratorium on its use in Connecticut. 

</doc>
<doc id="6009130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009130" title="Clem L. Shaver">
Clem L. Shaver

Clement Lawrence Shaver (known as Clem L. Shaver) was a West Virginia politician who was the Democratic National Committee Chairman from 1924 to 1928. He was born in Marion County, West Virginia on January 22, 1867. 
He was the West Virginia Democratic state chair from 1913 to 1916 and from 1916 to 1920. In 1934 he was an 
unsuccessful candidate for the United States Senate. 

</doc>
<doc id="6009137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009137" title="Vitali Yachmenev">
Vitali Yachmenev

Vitali Aleksandrovich Yachmenev (born January 8, 1975) is a retired Russian professional ice hockey left wing. He was drafted in the third round, 59th overall, by the Los Angeles Kings in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft.
Drafted from the Ontario Hockey League's North Bay Centennials, Yachmenev made his NHL debut during 1995–96 season with the Kings, appearing in 80 games and scoring 19 goals. After two full seasons and part of a third with the Kings, Yachmenev was traded to the Nashville Predators before the 1998–99 season, the team's inaugural season. He played five full seasons with the Predators before returning to Russia. He has played in the Russian Hockey Super League since 2003–04, and joined team, HC Dynamo Moscow, in 2007–08. In 2008-09, he was team captain of Dynamo Moscow in the KHL. Two years later, in 2010-11, Vitali got to play in his hometown with Traktor Chelyabinsk. It would prove to be his last year in the KHL.
For the his last two seasons, Yachmenev has played for Rubin Tyumen in the VHL.
In his NHL career, Yachmenev has appeared in 487 games. He has tallied 83 goals and added 133 assists.

</doc>
<doc id="6009156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009156" title="Born Dead">
Born Dead

Born Dead is the second album released by Body Count. Among other tracks, the album features a cover of Billy Roberts' "Hey Joe," performed in the style of Jimi Hendrix' recording of the song, as originally featured on the "Are You Experienced" album. Body Count's cover of the song was first featured on the Hendrix tribute album "". In the liner notes, Ice-T dedicates the album "to all the people of color throughout the entire world; Asian, Latino, Native American, Hawaiian, Italian, Indian, Persian, African, Aboriginal and any other nationality that white supremists would love to see born dead." "Born Dead" peaked at #74 on the "Billboard 200".

</doc>
<doc id="6009158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009158" title="Houston Gay and Lesbian Film Festival">
Houston Gay and Lesbian Film Festival

The Houston Gay & Lesbian Film Festival (HGLFF) is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting the media arts as a powerful tool for communication and cooperation among diverse communities by presenting films, videos, and programs by, about, or of interest to the LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender) community.
History of the Houston Gay and Lesbian Film Festival.
Organizations closely associated with movies helped garnish the first HGLFF in 1997. The HGLFF does not use a curator; instead, each venue books its own films from submissions and projects they pursue independently. An advisory board facilitates organization of the films and events – an undertaking that begins almost a year in advance. Striving to make the Festival accessible to the entire population of the greater Houston area, the two-week festival has screenings at Landmark Theatres, Angelika Film Center, The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, Rice Cinema (at Rice University), DiverseWorks Art Space, and Aurora Picture Show.
The Festival was co-founded by Loris Bradley (formerly of DiverseWorks), Sarah Gish (formerly of Landmark Theatres) and Marian Luntz (still with the Museum of Fine Arts).
Outreach and educational programming.
In addition to showing feature films, documentaries, and short videos, the Festival hosts a series of panel discussions, public forums, and other special events in conjunction with screenings to examine such topics as hate crimes; the Media's Influence on Homosexual Perception; and the unique way in which Houston’s gay and lesbian community has developed over the last few decades.
Board of directors.
2005 9th Annual Houston Gay and Lesbian Film Festival Board of Directors:
Margaret Zigman, President; Ernie Manouse, Vice President, PR/Marketing; Stephanie Atwood, Treasurer; D.L. Murphy, Festival Administrator/Secretary; Sixto Wagan, Programming Committee Chair; Ray Ramirez, PR/Marketing Committee Chair; Blasé DeStefano, at-large member
Past screenings.
TransGeneration (2005)
Director: Jeremy Simmons
D.E.B.S. (2004)
Director: Angela Robinson
Garcon stupide (2004)
Director: Lionel Baier
Pink Flamingos (1972)
Director: John Waters
Gypsy 83 (2001)
Director: Todd Stephens
Lan Yu (2001)
Director: Stanley Kwan
Psycho Beach Party (2000)
Director: Robert Lee King
Valley of the Dolls (1966)
Director: Mark Robson

</doc>
<doc id="6009163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009163" title="State College Area High School">
State College Area High School

State College Area High School is a public high school in State College, Pennsylvania, United States. It is the only public high school in the State College Area School District and is located within walking distance of Penn State University. 
The school created the world's first driver's education in car course in 1934, which was cut after the 2010-2011 school year due to budget cuts from the new school board. 
As of the 2009-10 school year, the school had an enrollment of 2,538 students and 203.25 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student-teacher ratio of 12.49. Many graduates from State High go on to study at the Pennsylvania State University.
Campus.
The high school campus is located just on the fringe of downtown State College, and spans Westerly Parkway. The campus comprises two buildings: the North Building and the South Building.
North Building.
The North Building was originally constructed in 1955, and since then has undergone numerous renovations. The original portion of the building is centered around the Logan Avenue entrance. This part of the building is two-story and includes classrooms along with the Auditorium, one gymnasium, cafeteria, library and main office area. In 1965 an addition was constructed for the building, which was a two-story classroom addition that runs parallel to Westerly Parkway. In 1989 the Natatorium and a new gymnasium were added to the building. An additional classroom wing was constructed in 1999. Some aspects of the Career and Technology Center program are also included in the North High School. The entire building is about 258,000 square feet and serves as half of the High School campus. In recent months, there have been plans made to demolish the North Building within 3 years, drastically expand the South Building and move all students into the South Building.
South Building.
The South Building was originally constructed in 1962, and since then has undergone numerous renovations. The original portion of the building is the "front" of the building. This part of the building is single story and includes classrooms along with the Auditorium, gymnasium, cafeteria and main office area. In 1965 an addition was constructed for the building, which is also single story, but due to grade changes on the site it operates as a second level. This addition includes classrooms, the Library and the fitness center. An additional classroom wing was constructed in 1999. Some aspects of the Career and Technical Center program are also included in the South High School. The entire building, which has in the past served as a Junior High School and an Intermediate High School, is about 191,000 square feet and serves as half of the High School campus.
Delta Program.
The Delta Program is an alternative secondary school associated with State High. Students are encouraged to utilize community resources and can take classes from the high school, Delta, and Penn State. Delta Students enjoy small class sizes, mixed grade levels, and a set of freedoms which are typically restricted to college-age learning. To encourage a unity between teachers and students, teachers are referred to on a first name basis. 

</doc>
<doc id="6009216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009216" title="Al Miller II">
Al Miller II

Al Miller II (November 23, 1921 - July 28, 1978), was an American race car driver.
Born Albert Krulac in Detroit, Michigan, Miller died in Mount Clemens, Michigan. He drove in the USAC Championship Car series, racing in the 1962, 1963, 1965–1967 and 1970 seasons, with 31 career starts, including the Indianapolis 500 races in 1963 (in a John Crosthwaite designed car) and 1965 to 1967. He finished in the top ten 5 times, with his best finish in 4th position in the 1965 Indianapolis 500.
He was not related to Al Miller, who raced at Indianapolis in the 1930s and 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="6009220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009220" title="Euphoniinae">
Euphoniinae

Euphoniinae is a subfamily of finches endemic to the Neotropics. It contains two genera, Euphonia and Chlorophonia.
Species list.
SUBFAMILY EUPHONIINAE

</doc>
<doc id="6009242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009242" title="Popular Alm">
Popular Alm

Popular Alm (1976-2000) was an Australian bred Standardbred pacer. He was one of the fastest pacers Australia has produced, running exceptional times over many distances. Popular Alm set a world record for a mile time trial at Moonee Valley on 13 May 1983, running 1:53.2. He raced 62 times over seven seasons for 49 wins, seven seconds and three thirds for stake earnings of $710,883.
He was bred by Arthur Pearce and foaled in 1976 at Bendigo, Victoria. Popular Alm was by Sovereign Adios from Direct Design, a daughter of Truant Hanover. He was inbred to Adios in the third generation (3x3) of his pedigree.
Racing record.
Making his racing debut as a two year old Popular Alm had raced only five times before being sold for $40,000 to clients of Kilmore based trainer Bob Knight. Making his debut for Knight in the 1980 South Australian Pacing Derby at Globe Derby Park, Popular Alm was the subject of a betting plunge. He was backed from 33/1 to 9/4 but finished second behind fellow Victorian Gammalite.
Poppy was driven by Bob Knight's son Vincent (Vin, Vinny) John Knight who died in April 1991.
After suffering an injury upon returning to Victoria he was sent for a spell and did not race again until August 1980. Progressing quickly through his classes Popular Alm won 15 consecutive races including the 1981 Kilmore Cup and a track record breaking win in 1:55.9 over the mile at Harold Park in Sydney. The winning sequence came to an end when he finished second in the 1982 Ballarat Cup off a 25 metre handicap. After an unsuccessful Interdominion campaign when he finished third in the final, Popular Alm was given a spell before beginning the 1982/3 season which saw him become Australian Harness Horse of the Year. During 1982/3 he won the Winfield Cup (later known as the Victoria Cup), the Miracle Mile, the A G Hunter Cup, all three legs of the Tasman Challenge, and finished second in the Auckland Interdominion final behind Gammalite. He completed the season with his 1:53.2 time trial. By breaking the previous Australian mile record by 1.7 seconds, he reduced the record by more than any horse since Walla Walla in 1933.
On 29 October 1983, Popular Alm became the shortest priced favourite in Australian harness racing history when winning at Brisbane’s Albion Park.
Popular Alm began the 1983/4 season by winning the Craven Filter Sprint on the opening night of the new Albion Park in 1:54.5, a new Australian record time for a race. He then won the Australian Pacing Championship and the Winfield Cup before suffering a serious injury. 'Poppy' as he had become known, had broken a bone in his leg during trackwork and did not race for nearly a year. During his recovery he received get well cards from children.
Popular Alm was able to return to racing in preparation for Melbourne's 1985 Inter Dominion Championships. Although winning his only two starts after returning to racing late in 1984 he never regained full fitness and was retired to stud.
Stud record.
His notable progeny includes:
Popular Alm died aged 24 in South Australia after suffering the effects of a crippling spinal disease caused by a spur-like calcification on a vertebra in his neck.
He has had a race, the Popular Alm Free For All, named after him since the 1996/7 season. This race is an important lead-up to the Victoria Cup one of Victoria's premier harness races.

</doc>
<doc id="6009281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009281" title="Morgane Dubled">
Morgane Dubled

Morgane Dubled (born July 1, 1984 in Nice, Côte d'Azur, France) is a French model.
Early life.
Dubled was first scouted at the age of 16 by a model scout for Elite Model Management in her hometown of Nice, France, in 2001. After getting her Baccalauréat (scientific section), she attended the medical school Faculté de Médecine de Nice, but after one year changed direction and moved to Paris for a year in Hypokhâgne, preparing the École Normale Supérieure. She started modeling as a part-time job to pay for her studies, but soon her interest in the modeling world rose and she decided to do it full-time.
Modeling.
Since her first catwalk season in 2004, she has become a popular runway model, walking for the likes of Armani, Calvin Klein, Chanel, Christian Lacroix, Dolce & Gabbana, Dior, Elie Saab, Emanuel Ungaro, Fendi, Gucci, Hermès, Jean-Paul Gaultier, John Galliano, Lacoste, Lanvin, Kenzo, Marc Jacobs, Marc by Marc Jacobs, Michael Kors, Nina Ricci, Ralph Lauren, Sonia Rykiel, Stella McCartney, Versace, and Viktor & Rolf.
She has done editorial work with notable photographers like Terry Richardson, Craig McDean, Mark Abrahams, John Akehurst, Eric Maillet, David Sims. She also graced the cover of Russian "Vogue" and has done campaign work for Dior, Dolce & Gabbana, just Cavalli, Jean-Paul Gaultier, and Rochas (Fragrance ad for "Soleil de Rochas", directed by Bruno Aveillan).
She participated in the 2005, 2006, 2007, and 2008 Victoria's Secret Fashion Shows.
Since 2009, she was walk only at Fashion Weeks of Paris (and Couture).

</doc>
<doc id="6009301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009301" title="Passion Fruit (band)">
Passion Fruit (band)

Passion Fruit was a Eurodance/bubblegum dance trio consisting of three girls of German, Spanish and Dutch descent:
Named after the tropical fruit, Passion Fruit got their start in June 1999 with the Top 10 dance-pop hit "The Rigga-Ding-Dong-Song". "Wonderland", "Sun Fun Baby" and "Bongo Man" followed in 2000 and 2001, all making the Top 40 on the German singles chart.
Original formation.
Established in 1999, Passion Fruit originally consisted of three females and a male who performed the rapping parts. It was this group that performed "The Rigga Ding Dong Song", which was the group's most successful single, reaching the Top 10 in 14 countries, including number 9 in Germany and number 1 in Mexico. The original line-up can be seen in the single's cover sleeve and video.
The four original members were:
Following MC Steve leaving in October 1999 and tensions within the group, record company X-Cell Records decided not to continue with the project. Subsequently, the management team that created the group found a new line-up and a new record company and kept the name Passion Fruit to leverage the success of the first single.
Second line-up.
While Marie, Debby and Nathaly sang some vocals, the lead vocals for the songs, including "The Rigga Ding Dong Song", were performed by Cuban-German singer Leticia Pareja-Padron.
Plane crash.
On November 24, 2001, the group was on board Crossair Flight 3597 from Berlin to Zurich when it crashed into a wooded range of hills four kilometres (2.5 miles) short of the runway on approach towards Zurich International Airport, near the town of Bassersdorf. Maria Serrano-Serrano and Nathaly van het Ende died along with former La Bouche vocalist Melanie Thornton, who was also on the plane, while Debby St. Maarten survived with serious injuries along with eight other people.
In December 2001, Passion Fruit's management decided to donate all the proceeds from their single "I'm Dreaming of...a Winter Wonderland" to the victims and survivors of the crash.
No new formation of the band has been planned since.
Debby St. Maarten, post-crash.
In 2006, Maarten was continuing to have treatment for her injuries. She occasionally posts messages on the official Passion Fruit website, usually each November around the anniversary of the plane crash to remember Maria and Nathaly. On December 5, 2006, to mark the fifth anniversary, she appeared in an interview on the ZDF television show "Hello Germany" which showed her visiting the site of the crash.
Debby St. Maarten solo career & comeback.
Before Passion Fruit, Debby St. Maarten worked as a model, appeared in numerous music videos throughout the 1990s, and had even sung as a lead vocalist. All of the songs sung by Maarten herself were released within Passion Fruit itself. In 2006, she planned a comeback as mentioned in the 2006 Passion Fruit special on ZDF in Germany, which aired on November 6. She had recorded some songs for her comeback, one of those being "Girls", which can be heard at the beginning and end of the ZDF special. However, due to her injuries and other personal reasons, Maarten wasn't ready for her big comeback. Her management postponed the project, and decided to postpone until late 2007; however time went on and Maarten never picked back up from where she left off. It is uncertain when, and if she ever will in the future. She currently lives in Zoetermeer in the Netherlands, and still has to undergo weekly treatments for her injuries.
Second album release and unreleased single.
Passion Fruit was working on their second studio album in 2001 shortly before the crash. Only two singles were released during the period: "Bongo Man" and "I'm Dreaming Of...A White Christmas". The new album was supposed to be a start for a new career under the label name Edel. Both singles were released on separate singles CDs in December 2001. The single "Bongo Man" was released on the singles CD with the same name with mixes and featuring the song "Passion Gang" as a bonus track. The other single, "I'm Dreaming Of...A White Christmas", was released on a singles CD called "I'm Dreaming Of...A Winter Wonderland" featuring the song and a different version called "I'm Dreaming Of...A Winter Wonderland" with the same lyrics but different chorus lines, and featured two mixes of the "Winter Wonderland" version.
The single "P.A.S.S.I.O.N." was recorded by the first line-up in 1999 for the album "Spanglish Love Affairs", but was later cut. It was later released on the singles CD "Sun Fun Baby (Looky Looky)" as a bonus track.

</doc>
<doc id="6009311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009311" title="Chlorophonia">
Chlorophonia

Chlorophonias are small, mostly bright green birds that inhabit humid forests and nearby habitats, especially in highlands.

</doc>
<doc id="6009320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009320" title="Rudolf Kolisch">
Rudolf Kolisch

Rudolf Kolisch (July 20, 1896 – August 1, 1978) was a Viennese violinist and leader of string quartets, including the Kolisch Quartet and the Pro Arte Quartet.
Early life and education.
Kolisch was born in Klamm, Schottwien, Lower Austria and raised in Vienna. His father (also named Rudolf Kolisch) was a prominent physician and a Dozent at the University. Due to a childhood injury to the middle finger of his left hand, Kolisch, who had already begun to play the violin, relearned the instrument with the functions of the hands reversed. Following service in World War I, Kolisch attended both the University and the Musikakademie, where he studied violin with Ottokar Ševčik, composition with Franz Schreker and conducting with Franz Schalk, intending at first to make a career as a conductor. One of his two sisters was Gertrud Schoenberg.
Career.
In 1919 he began studying composition with Arnold Schoenberg, who later became his brother-in-law (1924). He put Kolisch to work in the "Society for Private Musical Performances in Vienna" (). This led to the creation of a string quartet ("") to perform both Schoenberg's music and the classical string quartet repertoire in a manner that would take into account the principles of Schoenberg's teaching. Schoenberg directed many rehearsals of this quartet. By 1927 the ensemble had become known as the Kolisch Quartet. Numerous works were written for this ensemble by composers including Alban Berg, Anton Webern, Schoenberg, and Béla Bartók.
Stranded in New York by the entrance of the United States into World War II, Kolisch at first tried to keep the Quartet together. When this failed, he took a position on the faculty of The New School, lecturing on "Musical Performance: The Realization of Musical Meaning". With Otto Klemperer, he co-founded a chamber orchestra at the school, with which he gave the first U.S. performances of Bartók's "Music for Strings, Percussion and Celesta", Igor Stravinsky's "l'Histoire du Soldat" and Schoenberg's "Chamber Symphony No. 1". During this time he prepared the ensemble and participated in the recording of Schoenberg's "Pierrot lunaire", conducted by the composer. He researched and wrote an article, "Tempo and Character in Beethoven's Music" which was presented to the New York chapter of the American Musicological Society and later published in two installments in the magazine "Musical Quarterly".
In 1944 Kolisch was invited to the University of Wisconsin–Madison to become the new leader of the Pro Arte String Quartet (recorded as the first "Quartet in Residence" at any U.S. university). He was also granted a full Professorship. In the 1950s he began to tour in Europe again as a recitalist. He became a member of the faculty at the "Internationale Ferienkurse für Neue Musik" in Darmstadt, Germany, along with his close friends and long-time associates Eduard Steuermann and Theodor Adorno. Except for one year (1956) spent in Darmstadt, he remained active in Madison until reaching the mandatory retirement age in 1966.
At that time he was invited by Gunther Schuller to become head of the Chamber Music department at the New England Conservatory in Boston. He remained on the faculty until the end of his life. During the summers of 1974 through 1977, he also taught chamber music performance at the annual Schoenberg Seminars in Mödling, Austria near Vienna.
Marriage and family.
Kolisch was married in the 1930s to Josefa Rosanska (b. 1904, d. 1986), a concert pianist; the marriage ended in divorce. In the early 1940s he married Lorna Freedman (b. 1917, d. 2006), a professional violinist and violist.

</doc>
<doc id="6009328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009328" title="Gaylene Preston">
Gaylene Preston

Gaylene Preston, ONZM, is a film maker with a particular interest in the documentary format. She lives and works in Wellington, New Zealand. 
Biography.
Gaylene Preston is a New Zealand film maker whose work has ranged across fiction and non-fiction, drawing on the stories of working class women and men. More recently, her feature film "Home By Christmas" challenges narrative conventions and the boundary between non-fictional oral history and narrative filmic fiction. 
Since her first film "All The Way Up There", she has constantly returned to documentary; a highlight being the popular cinema documentary, rooted in ordinary people's stories', "War Stories: Our Mothers Never Told Us". As a producer she has contributed to the award-winning feature documentaries "Punitive Damage" (1999) and "Coffee, Tea or Me?" (2001) and "Lands of our Fathers" (executive producer).
Her feature films include "Mr Wrong", "Ruby and Rata", and the mini series "Bread & Roses" (with producer Robin Laing). She was writer, director and producer of "Perfect Strangers" a black comedy about the overriding human need to love and be loved, starring Sam Neill and Rachael Blake. 
Her working style appears to be open and collaborative: in accepting the award for Best Actress at Vladivostok Film Festival in 2004, Rachael Blake acknowledged the authenticity within the work and thanked Gaylene Preston for “…creating on set an invaluable, limitless arena of flexibility, trust and ease.” 
Preston Chaired the Academy of Film and Television Arts (1997 – 99) and was a member of the board of the NZ Film Commission (1979 – 85) as well as chair of the Film Innovation Fund (1981 – 85). Preston has been a member of the Board of New Zealand on Air (The NZ Broadcasting Commission) and was awarded the Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to filmmaking. In 2001 she was the first filmmaker to be made a Laureate by the New Zealand Arts Foundation recognising her contribution to New Zealand film and television.
In May 2011 she publicly protested plans for Wellington Airport to erect a Wellywood sign on the hill beside the Miramar Cutting, the highest-profile industry opponent of this initiative.
She is the mother of actress Chelsie Preston Crayford.

</doc>
<doc id="6009338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009338" title="Lutheran Service Book">
Lutheran Service Book

Lutheran Service Book (LSB) is the newest official hymnal of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS) and the Lutheran Church–Canada (LCC). It was prepared by the LCMS Commission on Worship and published by Concordia Publishing House, the official publisher of the LCMS. It is the fourth official English-language hymnal of the LCMS published since the synod began transitioning from German to English in the early 1900s. "LSB" is intended to succeed both "The Lutheran Hymnal" ("TLH") and "Lutheran Worship" ("LW") as the common hymnal of the LCMS. Supplemental and companion editions to the hymnal were released throughout the end of 2006 and into 2007. The hymnal was officially approved by the LCMS at the 2004 LCMS National Convention in St. Louis. It was officially released on September 1, 2006, but many customers who pre-ordered the hymnal received their copies several weeks earlier.
"Lutheran Service Book" is, coincidentally, one of two major Lutheran hymnals that were published almost simultaneously in the fall of 2006. "Evangelical Lutheran Worship", the new hymnal of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Canada, was released in October 2006. The projects were not related.
Editions.
In addition to the pew edition, several other editions of LSB are available:
Lutheran Service Builder.
In addition to the various print editions of the hymnal, the Commission on Worship prepared an electronic edition of "Lutheran Service Book" known as "Lutheran Service Builder". This computer program is structured in order to allow churches to easily prepare printed orders of service and electronically presented orders of service, containing readings, hymns, and service music.

</doc>
<doc id="6009348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009348" title="The Boys Are Coming Home">
The Boys Are Coming Home

The Boys Are Coming Home was the second new musical to emerge from AMTP at Northwestern University. Written in 2005 and based on Shakespeare’s comedy "Much Ado About Nothing", this musical is set in the year 1945, when American servicemen returned home from World War II. With music and lyrics by Leslie Arden and book by Berni Stapleton, "The Boys Are Coming Home" is a captivating journey through the joys and challenges of post-war life. "The Boys Are Coming Home" was directed by Gary Griffin (assisted by Jason Tyne). 
"The Boys Are Coming Home" was chosen for inclusion in the National Alliance for Music Theatre Festival of New Works in New York City and was renamed "One Step Forward".
It was listed on the Goodman Theatre's 2007-8 season with a new book by Rebecca Gilman and was to be directed by David Petrarca. This would have been the second Arden/Petrarca team-up with their first being Goodman's production of The House of Martin Guerre back in 1996, but irreconcilable artistic points of view among the key collaborators scuttled the planned world premiere musical (which reverted to its original title "The Boys Are Coming Home") and director Chuck Smith's staging of "Ain't Misbehavin, the popular revue of songs by Fats Waller which was originally slated for April–May in the Goodman's Owen Theatre was bumped to the Albert Theatre and assumed the dates of "The Boys are Coming Home".

</doc>
<doc id="6009352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009352" title="Wild Goose">
Wild Goose

Wild Goose may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6009356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009356" title="List of compositions by Mauro Giuliani">
List of compositions by Mauro Giuliani

The works composed by Mauro Giuliani are:

</doc>
<doc id="6009376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009376" title="Aerosonde Ltd">
Aerosonde Ltd

Aerosonde Ltd is an Australian-based developer and manufacturer of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles, including the AAI Corporation Aerosonde series. The company has customers in Australia, Asia and North America who utilize its vehicles for reconnaissance and meteorological applications. 
The company gained prominence on 21 August 1998 when an Aerosonde "Laima" became the first unmanned aerial vehicle to cross the North Atlantic, covering a 3270 km route in a time of 26 hrs 45 min. 
On 22 June 2006 Aerosonde Ltd was acquired by the AAI Corporation. AAI was acquired in 2007 by Textron.
Aircraft.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="6009406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009406" title="Patric Kjellberg">
Patric Kjellberg

Patric Göran Kjellberg (born June 17, 1969 in Trelleborg, Sweden) is a Swedish professional ice hockey left wing. He was drafted in the fourth round, 83rd overall, by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft.
Drafted from the Swedish Elite League's AIK, Kjellberg made his North American professional debut during the 1992–93 season with Montreal's AHL affiliate, the Fredericton Canadiens. He also made his NHL debut that same season with Montreal, appearing in seven games. After the season, however, Kjellberg returned to Sweden and played five more seasons in Elitserien.
Kjellberg returned to the NHL in the 1998–99 season to play with the Nashville Predators. He was traded during the 2001–02 season to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim in exchange for Petr Tenkrat.
In his NHL career, Kjellberg appeared in 394 games. He scored 64 goals and added 96 assists. He also appeared in ten Stanley Cup playoff games with Anaheim during the 2003 playoffs, going scoreless.
After his player career, Kjellberg has worked for Leksands IF as sports manager.

</doc>
<doc id="6009408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009408" title="List of Arya Vaishya people">
List of Arya Vaishya people

This is a list of notable people associated with the Arya Vaishya community

</doc>
<doc id="6009444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009444" title="The Toronto Song">
The Toronto Song

"The Toronto Song" is a comedy song by Canadian comedy group Three Dead Trolls in a Baggie. It is one of many songs (including "The White House Burned (The War of 1812)") the Trolls recorded that are often mistakenly attributed to The Arrogant Worms. Originally on the "Con Troupo Comedius" cassette tape, "The Toronto Song" also appears on the CD "Skit Happens", a greatest hits collection of Three Dead Trolls skits. Before the tape, the song had spread across Canada but most listeners didn't know the song's name. It was (and still is) often believed to be called "Toronto Sucks", "The Ontario Song", or "Ontario Sucks".
The song starts with the Trolls (who are from Edmonton, Alberta) saying how much they hate the city of Toronto, its people, shanty towns, and landmarks. They then realize they hate all of Ontario, and finally all of Canada (minus Alberta, but including Calgary). The criticisms of other parts of Canada range from practical ("Prince Edward Island is too small") to absurd ("Manitoba's population density is 1.9 people per square kilometre. Isn't that stupid?").
The song is primarily poking fun at the popular Canadian activity of insulting Toronto and to a lesser extent Albertan pride and the Edmonton-Calgary rivalry.
The song was recorded with only a couple guitars. Later, a remake of the song, entitled "The Toronto Song 2001", had a full band performing the music and included a guitar solo and different banter. It was featured in the mockumentary film "Let's All Hate Toronto".
One minor error in the song is a mention of "the Ontario Zoo", which does not exist. Toronto does have a zoo, but it is called the Toronto Zoo. This is corrected in the 2001 remake where the lyric is changed to "Metro Zoo" (the zoo was originally called the "Metropolitan Toronto Zoo").

</doc>
<doc id="6009502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009502" title="John Stewart (financier)">
John Stewart (financier)

John Stewart was a Canadian financier and railway builder.
He was born in Nedd, Assynt, Sutherland, Scotland on 4 Dec 1860; died 24 Sep 1938 Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
He started building and contracting with the Canadian Pacific Railway mainline, and went on to build branch lines for them in
the Kootenays and Alberta. His Company Foley, Welch and Stewart constructed the PGE, Grand Trunk Pacific, and Canadian Pacific railways in BC.
Unfortunately, Stewart became embroiled in the PGE debacle, and was taken to court over alleged overbilling during
the construction contract. Stewart wrapped up the one company and formed another, Northern Construction with
his son. He also became a large operator in the forest industry with the Bloedel, Stewart and Welch concern.
Stewart served with the Royal Engineers Railway Operating Division in the First World War, achieving the rank of Major General.
He owned a mansion, "Ardvar", in Angus Drive, Shaughnessy Heights, Vancouver, and at one time owned all the land in his home parish of Assynt, Sutherland, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="6009525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009525" title="Harry Spilman">
Harry Spilman

William Harry Spilman (born July 18, 1954 in Albany, Georgia) is a retired Major League Baseball first Baseman for the Cincinnati Reds (1978–81), Houston Astros (1981–85 and 1988–89), Detroit Tigers (1986), and San Francisco Giants (1986–88). He was also known for his skill as a pinch hitter.
He helped the Reds win the NL Western Division in 1979 and 1981 and the Giants win the NL Western Division in 1987.
In 12 seasons he played in 563 Games and had 810 At Bats, 96 Runs, 192 Hits, 34 Doubles, 1 Triple, 18 Home Runs, 117 RBI, 1 Stolen Base, 81 Walks, .237 Batting Average, .306 On-base percentage, .348 Slugging Percentage, 282 Total Bases, 3 Sacrifice Hits, 9 Sacrifice Flies and 8 Intentional Walks.
From 2007 to 2008, he served as hitting coach for the Triple-A Nashville Sounds.

</doc>
<doc id="6009565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009565" title="Jody Miller">
Jody Miller

Jody Miller (born November 29, 1941) is an American country music singer. Born Myrna Joy Miller, in Phoenix, Arizona, she was raised in Blanchard, Oklahoma, the youngest of five sisters.
Career.
Discovered by actor Dale Robertson, she began her career in the early 1960s as a folk/pop singer, singing in the Los Angeles area and appearing on Tom Paxton's television series. She released her first album on Capitol Records in 1964 and had a modest pop hit that year with "He Walks Like a Man". 
In 1965, she participated in the San Remo Festival as a team companion of Pino Donaggio. Since the Festival was created as a composers' competition, Miller and Donaggio presented differently arranged versions of the entry "Io Che Non Vivo (Senza Te)". The song came in on # 7 and was only a moderate hit until Dusty Springfield recorded an English version in 1966 which was eventually released as "You Don't Have to Say You Love Me". Also in 1965, Jody Miller released an answer record to Roger Miller's blockbuster hit "King of the Road", titled "Queen of the House" (which became her signature hit, peaking at number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at number 5 on the country singles chart). Miller won the Grammy award for "Best Female Country Vocal Performance" for the song in 1966. 
Miller scored a second top 40 pop hit that year with "Home of the Brave", a No. 25 Hot 100 hit that was historically significant for tackling the issue of noncomformity and tolerance. The theme prevented it from making headway in the more socially conservative country charts of 1965. By the mid-1960s, Miller became a pioneer crossover female vocalist, opening the doors for Linda Ronstadt, Anne Murray, and Olivia Newton-John, and others as a pop singer recording a strong country influence and finding success in both genres. Miller's pop success petered out by the late 1960s. Tammy Wynette's record producer, Billy Sherrill, was a fan of Miller. He signed her to Epic Records in 1970 to record specifically for the country market. She had two country hits right off the bat in 1970 with "Look At Mine" nearly making the Top 20 and a Top 20 hit with "If You Think I Love You Now (I Just Started)" in early 1971. She recorded a remake of the Chiffons 1963 hit "He's So Fine", which hit the top 5 on the country chart and No. 55 on the pop chart that summer, garnering another Grammy award nomination. 
Several major country hits followed, many of them remakes of pop/rock classics such as "Baby I'm Yours," "Be My Baby," and "To Know Him is to Love Him". Among the new country songs she had hits with were the top tens "There's a Party Goin' On," "Good News," and "Darling, You Can Always Come Back Home." She also continued to have hits with cover versions of pop hits like "House of the Rising Sun", a hit for The Animals, "Reflections" (different from the Diana Ross and the Supremes hit), and "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman", an Aretha Franklin hit. Miller's last top 30 country hit was 1977's "When the New Wears Off Our Love" and two years later she made her final chart appearance. 
She went into semi-retirement in the 1980s, at which time she and her husband, Marty Brooks, owned a ranch in Oklahoma but later emerged as a Christian music artist, releasing several albums. In 1999, the Country Gospel Music Association inducted Miller into its Hall of Fame, along with Loretta Lynn, Barbara Mandrell, Andy Griffith, David L. Cook and Lulu Roman. Jody and her daughter Robin recorded and toured together for a period of time. Miller continues to perform live and sings her secular hits as well as her gospel material. 

</doc>
<doc id="6009583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009583" title="Anthèmes">
Anthèmes

Anthèmes refers to two related compositions for violin by French composer Pierre Boulez: "Anthèmes I" and "Anthèmes II".
"Anthèmes I" is a short piece (c. 9 minutes) for solo violin, commissioned by the 1991 Yehudi Menuhin Violin Competition, and dedicated to Universal Edition's director Alfred Schlee for his 90th birthday. In 1994, Boulez revised and expanded "Anthèmes I" into a version for violin and live electronics at IRCAM, resulting in "Anthèmes II" (c. 18 minutes duration), produced in 1997. (Expansion and revision of earlier works is common in Boulez's compositional process; "see also Structures".)
The title is a hybrid of the French "thèmes" (themes) and the English "anthem". It is also a play on words with 'anti-thematicism ': "Anthèmes" reunites the "anti" with the "thematic", and demonstrates Boulez's re-acceptance of (loose) thematicism following a long period of staunch opposition to it (Goldman 2001, 116–17).
"Anthèmes I" owes its structure to inspiration Boulez drew from childhood memories of Lent-time Catholic church services, in which the (acrostic) verses of the Jeremiah Lamentations were intoned: Hebrew letters enumerating the verses, and the verses themselves in Latin. Boulez creates two similarly distinct sonic worlds in the work: the Hebrew enumerations become long static or gliding harmonic tones, and the Latin verses become sections that are contrastingly action-packed and articulated (though Boulez says that the piece bears no reference to the content of the verses, and takes as its basis solely the idea of two contrasting sonic language-worlds) (Goldman 2001, 119). The piece begins with a seven-tone motive, and trill on the note D: these are the fundamental motives used in its composition. It is also in seven sections: a short introduction, followed by six "verses", each "verse" preceded by a harmonic-tone "enumeration". The last section is the longest, culminating in a dialogue between four distinct "characters", and the piece closes with the two "languages" gradually melding into one as the intervals finally center around the note D and close into a trill, and then a single harmonic. A final "col legno battuto" ends the piece in Boulez's characteristic witty humour, a gesture of "That's enough for now! See you later!" (Goldman 2001, 83 & 118).

</doc>
<doc id="6009626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009626" title="Melpa language">
Melpa language

Melpa (also written Medlpa) is a Papuan language spoken by about 130,000 people predominantly in Mount Hagen and the surrounding district of Western Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea.
Melpa has a voiceless velar lateral fricative, written double-barred el (). It is notable for its binary counting system. 

</doc>
<doc id="6009638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009638" title="Michael Curry">
Michael Curry

Michael Edward "Mike" Curry (born August 22, 1968) is an American retired professional basketball player, and current coach of the Florida Atlantic Owls men's basketball team. Curry played in the NBA from 1993 to 2005. He later served as head coach of the Detroit Pistons.
Playing career.
A 6'5" guard/forward from Glenn Hills High School in Augusta, Georgia, and Georgia Southern University, Curry played eleven seasons (1993–1994 through 2004–2005) in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Philadelphia 76ers, the Washington Bullets, the Detroit Pistons, the Milwaukee Bucks, the Toronto Raptors and the Indiana Pacers. Though he never averaged more than 6.6 points per game in a season, Curry was well respected throughout the league for his strong defense and leadership qualities, and for several years he served as president of the NBA Players Association.
He played also in the German 1st basketball league for Steiner Bayreuth (1990–1991), in Italy for Clear Cantù (1994) and in the Spanish ACB for Valvi Girona (1994–1995).
Coaching career.
On June 10, 2008 Curry was named as the head coach of the Detroit Pistons for the 2008–09 season, succeeding Flip Saunders. He received a three-year deal, worth $2.5 million per season. On June 30, 2009, Curry was fired as head coach. Prior to becoming head coach of the Pistons, Curry served as an assistant coach for Detroit and also as the NBA's Vice-President of Player Development.
Curry later worked as the associate head coach for the Philadelphia 76ers.
On April 7, 2014, Curry accepted a job at Florida Atlantic University, replacing Mike Jarvis.
Personal life.
Curry also holds a Masters Degree from the Virginia Commonwealth University SportsCenter.
His son, Deon Curry, played football as a wide receiver for Michigan State University.
His daughter, Crysten Curry, plays volleyball at Georgia Southern University.

</doc>
<doc id="6009655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009655" title="Tere Ríos">
Tere Ríos

Marie Teresa Ríos (pen name "Tere Ríos"), (November 9, 1917 – October 17, 1999) was the author of the 1965 book "The Fifteenth Pelican" which was the basis for the 1960s television sitcom, "The Flying Nun". Ríos was the mother of Humbert Roque Versace, the first U.S. Army Prisoner of war in Southeast Asia awarded the Medal of Honor.
Early years.
Ríos was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Rafael Rios, a native of Puerto Rico who moved and settled in the New York City borough of Brooklyn in the early part of the 20th century and to Marie Teresa Dowd, an American of Irish heritage. Ríos was proud of her Puerto Rican heritage and a devout Catholic who became interested in writing at a young age.
In the 1930s, she met and married Humbert Joseph Versace, a 1933 graduate of the United States Military Academy (West Point). Together they had five children, Humbert Roque, twins Stephen and Richard Versace (former coach of the Indiana Pacers), Michael and Trilby. As an Army wife, she traveled to different places around the world, including Hawaii, where her first child, Humbert Roque was born.
Career as a writer.
During World War II, Ríos (also known as Marie Teresa Ríos Versace ) drove Army trucks and buses. She also served as a pilot for the Civil Air Patrol. Ríos wrote and edited for various newspapers around the world, including places such as Guam, Germany, Wisconsin, and South Dakota, and publications such the Armed Forces "Star & Stripes" and "Gannett".
She also taught creative writing at the University of Pittsburgh and was on the staff of the Rhinelander Writers Conference. In 1958, she was named "Wisconsin Writer of the Year". In 1957, Ríos published her first book "An Angel Grows Up" using the pen name "Tere Ríos". She soon followed that with another book, "Brother Angel" (1963).
"The Fifteenth Pelican" and Humbert Roque Versace.
Her eldest son, Humbert Roque Versace, followed his father's footsteps and graduated from West Point. He was sent to the Republic of Vietnam as a military advisor with the rank of Captain. During his second tour in Vietnam he was captured, along with two other Americans, by the Viet Cong. Captain Versace was executed by his captors on September 26, 1965, an event which devastated her.
Unaware of her son's death, she published her third book, titled "The Fifteenth Pelican," in 1966. The book's dedication reads as follows: ""FOR THE ROCK (Her son's nickname) and the children and sugar people of NamCan"". The TV series "The Flying Nun," starring Sally Field, was based on this book. The sitcom was produced by ABC between 1967 and 1970.
Upon learning of their son's fate, Ríos and her husband tried to find out what they could about the circumstances surrounding his death. She went to Paris in the late 1960s, trying unsuccessfully to see the North Vietnamese delegation as it arrived for peace talks. Ríos expressed her frustration and anguish in poems.
Final years.
Ríos was presented with a Special Forces patch and unit membership certificate. In 1970, a movement to award her son with the Medal of Honor failed and instead Ríos and her husband were presented with their son's Silver Star. Her husband Colonel Humbert Joseph Versace died on June 12, 1972.
Ríos returned to Puerto Rico in 1990, retiring in the town of Fajardo. In 1999, she was diagnosed with lung cancer and she left the island to return to the mainland. She was hospitalized in Sarasota, Florida. Marie Teresa Rios died on October 17, 1999 and her funeral was held at the Ft. Myer Old Post Chapel. Representatives of the Special Operations Command from Fort Bragg were present. Her ashes were buried with her husband at Arlington National Cemetery on November 12, 1999. She was survived by her four children Dr. Stephen, Richard (former coach of the Indiana Pacers), Michael and Trilby Versace
On July 8, 2002, President George W. Bush presented Marie Teresa Ríos' surviving children with the Medal of Honor which was posthumously awarded to Captain Humbert Roque Versace.

</doc>
<doc id="6009668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009668" title="Foley, Welch and Stewart">
Foley, Welch and Stewart

Foley, Welch and Stewart was an early 20th-century American-Canadian railroad contracting company.
They built miles of track for the Great Northern Railway, Northern Pacific Railroad, Canadian Pacific Railway, Canadian Northern Railway, Grand Trunk Pacific Railway and Pacific Great Eastern Railway. The names in the partnership are commemorated in summit of the Cheam Range near Chillwack - Foley, Welch and Stewart Peaks.
The company later came to be involved in the forest industry and was renamed Bloedel, Stewart and Welch. The company had large operations in the Powell River area of British Columbia. The company later merged with the H. R. MacMillan company, taking on the name MacMillan Bloedel Limited. MacMillan Bloedel became Canada's largest forest company until it was acquired by Weyerhaeuser.

</doc>
<doc id="6009676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009676" title="Reth">
Reth

Reth is a fictional city in the "Forgotten Realms" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. Reth is one of the five free cities located in the Chondath region of the Vilhon Reach in Faerûn.
Entertainment.
In the game's description for Reth, the city is noted for the popular blood sports of its arena. Initially, the city was established to train Chondathian troops for the Southshore Games near Hlondeth. Since gaining its independence, the city has worked on entertaining its own citizens. Of course, visitors to Reth play an important role in its economy. Alaghonian merchants are common spectators at Northshire Coliseum, and nobles from as far south as Nimpeth make regular voyages to Reth. Adventurers can make some money by participating in arena combat, but be warned that many of these battles are fatal. Most professional gladiators don’t want to face an opponent more than once.
Relations with the Emerald Enclave.
There have been some recent rumblings between the city and the Emerald Enclave. While Reth eventually decided to back down from its harvesting of trees from the Nunwood, the Enclave has retained an open presence within the city. The little tree harvesting the city has done lately has been complicated by reports of monsters in the Nunwood. No one knows what these creatures are. They attack under cover of darkness and cause great confusion before retreating into the forest. The Emerald Enclave has remained silent, but many suspect they’re behind the recent altercations.
Living Reth.
Living Reth is a persistent shared world unique to UnlimitedRPGs.com. In the same vein as the RPGA’s Living Greyhawk, Living Reth is meant to be a shared game open to any Forgotten Realms character. Reth, an independent city-state in the Chondath region of the Vilhon Reach in the Forgotten Realms, is a city of trade and adventure, intrigue and heroic deeds. Characters from any FR game can mix and mingle in the Crossed Swords Tavern, fight each other in the Northshire Coliseum, or look for work in the Emerald Fists Adventurer's Guild. Solo characters can also play here, as both freeform and moderated role-playing will go on in the setting.

</doc>
<doc id="6009712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009712" title="Tuxedo (Metro-North station)">
Tuxedo (Metro-North station)

The Tuxedo Metro-North station serves the residents of that community and the gated village of Tuxedo Park, New York. Trains leave the station on the Port Jervis Line for Hoboken, 37 miles (59.5 km) away; travel time to that destination is approximately an hour. It is located along the Orange Turnpike segment of NY 17 almost directly across from the main entrance to Tuxedo Park.
Station building.
Tuxedo is the only stop along the line that retains the old station at the current station site. It was built in 1885 as one of the original Tuxedo Park buildings, and was listed as Tuxedo Park Railroad Station on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. The town of Tuxedo currently owns it, and has restored it to its original beauty. The station contains a waiting room and a community room often used by the Boy/Girl Scouts and other Tuxedo Clubs and organizations.
In 2009 the town spent $1 million to restore the building itself to what historians believe was its original appearance. The train station currently displays artwork by long-time Tuxedo Park resident and artist Robert Bero (now deceased). The pieces, a gift from the estate of the late artist, include woodcuts, etchings and drawings.

</doc>
<doc id="6009715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009715" title="W. M. Hodgkins">
W. M. Hodgkins

William Mathew Hodgkins (1833 – 9 February 1898) was a 19th-century New Zealand painter.
According to his daughter Frances Hodgkins the 'father of art in New Zealand', he was certainly the chief advocate of art in Dunedin when the city led New Zealand in the 19th century. The founder of New Zealand's first public art gallery and the first person to publish at any length about New Zealand art, he was a considerable water colour painter in his own right. He encouraged his daughters, one of whom, Frances Hodgkins, was regarded as Britain's most distinguished woman artist at the time of her death and is still New Zealand's best regarded expatriate painter.
Baptised in Liverpool 23 September 1833 in the heart of the city's slums he was the son of a brushmaker, also called William Hodgkins. His mother had been Jane Grocott or Groocock and his sister Jane was born in 1835. William Mathew went to school at Staveley, Derbyshire and his exercise book in penmanship survives, prefiguring his adult career as a law clerk and lawyer and his lifelong interest in graphics. By 1852 his father was in business in Birmingham but William Mathew was a law clerk in London. He lived in Holborn, worked for Waterlow and Sons, famous printers of stamps and bank notes, and for the Patent Office. By 1855 he was in Paris where he assisted in 'literary work' at Versailles, perhaps copying correspondence or graphic works. Back in London about 1857 he studied Turner's paintings and other artists, at Hampton Court and the National Gallery. In 1859 he worked at the National Portrait Gallery in London.
Sometime between 1856 and 1858 Hodgkins's family emigrated to Melbourne in Australia. In 1859 he followed them on the "White Star" whose surgeon was Thomas Hocken. By April 1862 Hodgkins had left Melbourne and was living in Dunedin.
He worked as an ornamental writer and then for Gillies and Richmond, no doubt as a law clerk. He met Rachel Owen Parker and married her at St. Paul's Cathedral, Dunedin, 19 September 1865. He was admitted to the Otago Bar in 1868.
Hodgkins earliest known painting is dated 1862. It is not known how he learnt the craft but his association with George O'Brien may be significant. He did not exhibit in the New Zealand Industrial Exhibition, held in Dunedin in 1865 but took charge of its photographic department. He organised a Fine Arts exhibition in Dunedin in 1869 with the aim of starting a public art gallery. That did not happen but in 1875 he founded what soon became the Otago Art Society. Although there was resistance to his plans to start an art gallery under his presidency in 1881 the society started to collect pictures. In 1882 its council agreed to start a 'national collection of works of art'. A resolution of 14 October 1884 effectively founded the Dunedin Public Art Gallery the first institution of its kind in New Zealand.
Hodgkins's career as a lawyer went into decline. In 1884 he moved his family from a house in Royal Terrace, a good address in the city, to a rented cottage at Ravensbourne, a harbourside suburb. In 1888 he was declared bankrupt. Hodgkins struggled out of these difficulties, eventually moving the family back to a large rented house in town. He was involved in organising the art department of the New Zealand and South Seas Exhibition held in Dunedin in 1889. In the same year he proposed the idea of a government-funded national gallery with collections in each of the four main centres. While that did not happen, the collection of the Dunedin gallery was augmented from the exhibition, a new building erected, and a support group was founded: the Dunedin Public Art Gallery Society.
Hodgkins' own art had developed considerably. An accomplished landscape painter in the Romantic manner of Turner the most notable characteristic of his work is its use of colour. New styles were brought to New Zealand in 1890 by G. P. Nerli, Petrus Van der Velden and J. M. Nairn. Hodgkins embraced the newcomers and with Nerli in Dunedin the resulting twin circles of painters made the city for a while the foremost centre of art in New Zealand.
Hodgkins died in Dunedin on 9 February 1898, survived by his wife, two daughters and four sons. He left his family poor but they and the community remembered a cheerful, persevering, ambitious man. The society and the public gallery he had founded endured and prospered. He had published the first considered statement of any length on New Zealand art and he left behind a body of works the best of which are among the best of their kind in New Zealand. "The Southern Alps of New Zealand.." of 1885 is often mentioned; "The South Canterbury Plains from near Peel Forest" of 1882 is remarkable for its breadth and simplicity. Both are now in the collection of the Dunedin Public Art Gallery. Hodgkins's daughters Isabel, and particularly his younger daughter Frances, furthered his interest in art. In retrospect Frances's estimation of him does not seem exaggerated. He is undoubtedly one of New Zealand's most influential artistic figures of the 19th century.
His daughter Isabel, also known as Cissy, married William Hughes Field in 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="6009717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009717" title="Strange Chameleon">
Strange Chameleon

"Strange Chameleon" is a single released by The Pillows on June 21, 1996. The b-side "Fakin' It" is a cover from Simon & Garfunkel.

</doc>
<doc id="6009720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009720" title="Phthorimaea operculella">
Phthorimaea operculella

The Potato tuber moth ("Phthorimaea operculella"), also known as the tobacco splitworm, is a major pest on potatoes in New Zealand and South Africa. It has a world-wide distribution.
The body length is about 10mm and the wingspan is about 12mm. The larva is called "potato tuberworm".
In South Africa, the spider "Selenops radiatus" has proved to be an effective controlling agent for this species. The wasp "Diadegma mollipla", which exists in South Africa, is a parasite of the moth's larvae.
The potato tuberworm is becoming a pest in North Carolina. It seems to be interchangeable in the Solanaceae family. In tobacco, the larvae are leaf miners and can cause severe damage to leaves, making them weigh less.
An older synonym is "Bryotropha solanella", where "solanella" stands for its host, the potato ("Solanum tuberosum").

</doc>
<doc id="6009723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009723" title="Village Fire">
Village Fire

Village Fire was the third EP by Mancunian band James, released in 1985 by Factory Records. It contained all five tracks from their previously released singles "Jimone" and "James II". 
Track listing.
From "Jimone":
From "James II":
Personnel.
"What's The World" was covered by The Smiths during their show at Glasgow Barrowlands, 25 September 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="6009739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009739" title="Sports Time">
Sports Time

Sports Time was a regional sports network in the United States of America. It was owned by Anheuser-Busch and was launched on April 2, 1984. Sports Time was available in 15 states from Colorado to West Virginia.
History.
Coverage.
The new network was a way for Anheuser-Busch to show additional games of the St. Louis Cardinals, the Major League Baseball team it had owned at the time. Games of the Cleveland Indians, Cincinnati Reds, Kansas City Royals baseball teams, the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League, and various college sports teams also aired on the network.
Sports Time showed Reggie Jackson's 500th career home run on September 17, 1984. The Royals were playing the California Angels in Anaheim, California that night.
Other notable programming.
Sports Time shared the same satellite feed with the Financial News Network. At the end of the Financial News Network's broadcast day, eagle-eyed viewers were able to see Sports Time's listings before the Financial News Network cut away to its own feed, which ironically was, for a time, a sports news service called Score.
The Financial News Network simulcast Sports Time's coverage of the exhibition game between the United States Olympic basketball team against a group of National Basketball Association players, which was played at the Hoosier Dome in Indianapolis, Indiana on July 9, 1984. The game grew a crowd of 67,678, which was the largest to see a basketball game in the United States of America at the time.
Demise.
Although a promising concept, Sports Time was hampered by several problems. First, the reach of cable television was not as prevalent as it would be even a decade later; some metropolitan areas still did not have cable service at all. Second, due to the large territory, many games were blacked out in all but a fraction of the territory. Finally, the service was sold as a premium channel, like HBO or Showtime, frustrating dedicated sports fans, who were used to getting ESPN included with their monthly service.
After twelve months of obvious frustration, Anheuser-Busch pulled the plug on Sports Time on March 31, 1985. 
Aftermath.
Today, the St. Louis Cardinals and the Cincinnati Reds are shown on Fox Sports Net in their respective regions, Midwest and Ohio. The Kansas City Royals have been shown on its own network, RSTN; Fox Sports Net; Metro Sports, or a combination of them over the years; it is Fox Sports Net-exclusive as of 2008. The Blues are also shown on FSN Midwest.

</doc>
<doc id="6009744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009744" title="Guerrilla burlesque">
Guerrilla burlesque

Guerrilla Burlesque has become a part of San Francisco burlesque culture since 2005. "Guerrilla Burlesque" occurs when a burlesque act happens spontaneously at a show, or when burlesque performers descend upon a show to which they were uninvited, thereby finding their way onto the stage. The term was coined in the summer of 2005 by Cherry Lix, a burlesque solo artist based in San Francisco.
The first guerrilla burlesque event was performed with Cherry Lix's suggestion by Diamond Daggers, a San Francisco burlesque troupe, at Jim Sweeney (Kingfish)'s 2005 birthday party at the DNA Lounge in San Francisco. The Kingfish is one of the largest Burlesque producers in San Francisco. After the troupe was successful with the Kingfish, Daisy Delight suggested that they guerrilla the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence's Easter Picnic in the Park, a yearly event in San Francisco's Dolores Park. Later that fall, four members of Diamond Daggers "guerrilla"ed on various street corners in the Castro, a popular gay neighborhood in San Francisco.
In February 2006, Cherry Lix and Daisy Delight started Twilight Vixen Revue, a new gay burlesque troupe, and have continued the guerrilla burlesque tradition, most recently descending upon Miz Margo's birthday party at the DNA Lounge in July 2006.
This style of burlesque epitomizes the "Neo-Burlesque" or "new burlesque" style of performance, by taking traditional-styled burlesque performance and aggressively bringing it to unsuspecting modern crowds.

</doc>
<doc id="6009746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009746" title="Kolisch Quartet">
Kolisch Quartet

The Kolisch Quartet was a string quartet musical ensemble founded in Vienna, originally (early 1920s) as the New Vienna String Quartet for the performance of Schoenberg's works, and (by 1927) settling to the form in which it was later known. It had a worldwide reputation and made several recordings. The quartet disbanded in the United States during the early 1940s.
Personnel.
violin 1:
violin 2:
viola:
violoncello:
Origins.
In the early 1920s the Viennese violinist Rudolf Kolisch began to study composition with Arnold Schoenberg, who also put Kolisch to work in the composer's "Society for Private Musical Performances" (Verein fuer musikalische Privatauffuehrungen). This led to the creation of a string quartet ("Neue Wiener Streichquartett") dedicated to performing Schoenberg's music, but also to performing the classical string quartet repertoire in a manner which would take into account the principles of Schoenberg's teaching. The quartet consisted initially of Kolisch and Fritz Rothschild (alternating first and second violins), Marcel Dick (viola) and Joachim Stutschewsky (cello). This ensemble began to concertize and tour in central Europe.
By 1927 the membership of the ensemble had settled: Kolisch played first violin, Felix Khuner played second violin, Eugene Lehner played viola and Benar Heifetz played cello; this group became known as the Kolisch Quartet. Numerous works were written for them by composers including Alban Berg, Anton Webern, Arnold Schoenberg, and Béla Bartók. The Quartet's tours extended eventually to include all European countries including Scandinavia, and also (by the mid-1930s) North and South America.
One notable aspect of the Quartet was that they generally performed from memory, including difficult modern works such as the "Lyric Suite" of Berg. This was not intended as a demonstration of any special powers of memorization, but rather of an approach which involved such careful rehearsal that by the time a piece was ready for performance, the musicians no longer required the score. The quartet used eye contact and were more able to respond musically to one another without music stands interfering.
The Quartet was on tour in Paris in 1938 when Nazi Germany annexed Austria. Because of their association with Schoenberg (whose music had been banned by the Nazis) and because most of the members of the Quartet were considered Jewish according to the Nazi legal definition, they did not return to Vienna. They set up their headquarters in Paris and toured from there. 
Béla Bartók's String Quartet No. 6 is dedicated to the Kolisch Quartet, and it was they who gave its premiere at the Town Hall in New York City on 20 January 1941.
They were on tour in the United States when that country entered the war and civilian transport across the ocean suddenly became unavailable. Rather than continue with the Quartet in the face of great uncertainty about the future, the cellist and violist soon took jobs with major U.S. orchestras (Philadelphia and Boston, respectively). The Quartet continued to play concerts with replacement players for some time, but when the second violinist left to join an orchestra in San Francisco, the Quartet finally disbanded.
The Kolisch Quartett was sponsored by Mrs. Co
Heifetz 
Recordings.
The Kolisch Quartet recorded several albums of string quartets of Franz Schubert and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart on 78s for the Columbia Records and RCA record labels. In 1937 they recorded the four string quartets of Arnold Schoenberg privately under the composer's supervision; these were re-issued several years later as LP recordings on the "Alco" label. All the commercial recordings of the Kolisch Quartet are currently available on compact discs. 

</doc>
<doc id="6009748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009748" title="BattleSpace">
BattleSpace

BattleSpace is a FASA Corporation wargame set in the BattleTech universe. It simulates naval warfare in space. This is considered the 2nd edition of the Aerotech (Space flight & Atmospheric vehicles) rules for Battletech. This came in a game box which contained maps, rules, cardboard paper ship counters, and extensive history of Battletech universe. 
The game/rules were succeeded by "Aerotech2", "Aerotech2 Revised", & "Strategic Operations" rules sets. 
Notes.
All succeeding Aerospace rule have been based on "BattleSpace" rules.
"Battlespace" itself was based on another FASA wargame known as Renegade Legion. In this case it was based on a space module named "Leviathan", which is where much of the damage system & rules come from.

</doc>
<doc id="6009758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009758" title="List of Freaks and Geeks characters">
List of Freaks and Geeks characters

The following is a list of characters from the television series Freaks and Geeks.
Weirs.
Lindsay Weir.
Lindsay Weir—played by Linda Cardellini—is the elder of the two Weir siblings. As a child, Lindsay was close friends with Millie Kentner. Early in her scholastic career at McKinley High School, she would be recognized as a bright and thoughtful student, as well as a brilliant member of the Mathletes. However, when her grandmother dies, she begins to question religion (she became an atheist after her grandmother, who was the most decent and good person she knew, said she saw "nothing" right before her death), social structure and the general direction of her life. She begins hanging out with a gang of less academically minded friends (known commonly as "burnouts" or "freaks") which worries both her family and her old friends (Millie in particular). She starts out being very deferential to the freaks and ignoring their rudeness towards her--mostly from Ken and Kim Kelly--but she loses any fear of them as the series progresses, and after she rightly calls them out for being selfish and having no futures, her ties to the group were solidified on a level of mutual respect. Despite her new social situation, she remains an intelligent and considerate person. She is continually questioning the world around her in order to find a place to fit in. She wears her dad's old army jacket most of the series.
Sam Weir.
Sam Weir—played by John Francis Daley—is Lindsay's younger brother. Like his sister, Sam has an excellent sense of morals and manners, though he's somewhat shy outside of his circle of friends. He has a slightly androgynous appearance and, being somewhat shorter and less physically developed than his peers, is often picked on because of it. He shares many interests with his close pals Bill and Neal, including television shows like "Saturday Night Live", comedic actors such as Bill Murray and Steve Martin, and science fiction. Being so into such subjects while at the same time being somewhat socially impaired has left Sam and his friends labeled as "geeks". Though he enjoys being with his friends, he struggles continually to be seen as more than a geek (especially while trying to impress his school crush, Cindy Sanders), and does seem to be better-regarded by popular students like Cindy and Todd Schillinger than his friends are. Unfortunately, the constant bullying by kids such as Alan White often leads Sam to feel more embarrassed than cool. "Entertainment Weekly" selected Sam Weir as the son for "The Perfect TV Family".
Harold Weir.
Harold Weir—played by Joe Flaherty—is the head of the Weir household. Harold is usually stern and strict in his role as the dominant male in the family, but is also a loving father who is always trying to look out for the best interests of his children. Though Harold is frequently yelling at the dinner table about bad role models and dealing out sometimes unreasonable punishments, he has a good sense of humor and enjoys seeing his family happy. He works hard to support his family by running his A1 Sporting Goods store, though he is worried about the possible impact that megastores will have on his business. Harold's biggest concern with his children lately is that Lindsay is falling in with a bad crowd, and he has a strong distaste for her "burnout friends" although he later takes a shine to Nick after he gets kicked out of his house, by letting him stay at the Weirs' house and encourages him to practice drumming. Harold tells Lindsay that he is more helpful to Nick than to her because he expects more from her, and says that Nick's father is a "hard man" who reminds him of his dad; it's also strongly implied that Harold's father physically abused him. It is shown often that he is very proud of Lindsay for her intelligence and maturity and Sam for his kindness and morals. In the episode "Girlfriends and Boyfriends", Harold reveals to Lindsay that he lost his virginity to a prostitute while he was a soldier in Korea. Harold regrets that his first time was not special and comments that it was the "worst five dollars I've ever spent".
Jean Weir.
Jean Weir—played by Becky Ann Baker—is the caring homemaker of the Weir family. Jean is frequently making wholesome meals for the Weirs and trying to give her children helpful advice about school while they have discussions at the dinner table, although at times she appears blissfully aloof to the realities that her children are experiencing. Though she wouldn't mind more appreciation now and again, Jean is always kind and generous to everyone and loves nothing more than her family.
Freaks.
Daniel Desario.
Daniel Desario—played by James Franco—is a cool and charismatic burnout. Daniel is usually known at McKinley High School for doing one of two things: fighting with his girlfriend Kim Kelly and/or skipping class. He is somewhat selfish and very manipulative but often pulls through to help his friends, and is the leader of the freaks. Daniel hides the fact that he is eighteen years old and has been held back two grades in school. Also, Daniel plays guitar. His rebellious and anarchistic view of society often lead him into trouble. Though he is socially confident and acts apathetic towards his schoolwork, Daniel is secretly insecure about the fact that he does not do well in school, and doesn't think he is smart enough to succeed. Daniel has an older brother who is a drug addict, and lives with his two parents; he is taking care of his (never seen) father, who is an invalid, and his mother is an understandably stressed-out wreck who has no confidence in his scholastic abilities, once saying she wouldn't much mind if he dropped out of school altogether and began working a crummy minimum-wage job to bring cash home to the family.
Nick Andopolis.
Nick Andopolis—played by Jason Segel—is a member of the gang of freaks. He is friendly, mild-mannered, and kind, offsetting the somewhat caustic sense of humor that some of his friends share. Nick frequently uses marijuana; he was once a Basketball player (a part of his backstory that comes from real life, as Segel was a star on his high school team) but was kicked off his team for drug possession. These days, Nick's overwhelming passion is music - more specifically, his 29-piece drum kit. Much to the objection of Nick's strict military father, Nick practices drumming frequently, usually neglecting schoolwork in the process and eventually leading his dad to simply sell off the entire drum set. Nick also has a tendency to smother his girlfriends with too much affection, which Lindsay Weir discovers firsthand after they begin dating.
Ken Miller.
Ken Miller—played by Seth Rogen—is wise-cracking and sarcastic. Whenever Ken opens his mouth, it is usually to let out a biting quip at the expense of someone around him. He has been friends with Daniel Desario since elementary school and later develops a relationship with Amy Andrews. He is very stubborn and doesn't back down from fights (in one episode, when asked if "he wants to go," he replies "I always wanna go!" as well as moshing enthusiastically in "Noshing and Moshing"). He is also very smart, considering the kind of people he hangs out with. At the party in episode 2, he quickly catches on when the beer is switched with non-alcoholic beer, but instead of telling everybody, he decided to make some money in the game of quarters ($87.00, in total). He is shown to have a softer side in the later episodes of the series, particularly in his relationship with "tuba girl" Amy, who matches him wit for wit, prompting Ken to fall for her. In episode 17, it is revealed that Ken's parents are very wealthy and that he was raised by a nanny. He also says his post-high school plans involve inheriting his grandfather's business when he dies, selling it off for a huge profit, and retiring to a lazy life in the tropics.
Kim Kelly.
Kim Kelly—played by Busy Phillips—is Daniel's on-and-off girlfriend throughout the series. Kim is a tough, short-tempered girl and is known by the other students only for having sex and doing drugs. Because of her hostile nature, she is often at odds with Daniel, usually accusing him of infidelity, causing their relationship to be in constant disarray. However, despite their relationship troubles, over the course of the show it becomes apparent that both hold a deep affection for one another. She was originally mean to Lindsay and was reluctant to allow her to hang out in their group, but as the series progresses, they eventually forge a friendship. By the end of the series, Kim and Lindsay were best friends and spent most of their free time together. Kim lives with her disapproving mother, her illiterate stepfather, and her brother, a peculiar young man named Chip who sleeps on the living room couch. She doesn't get along with her parents, who criticize her for not getting good grades and for the company she keeps.
Geeks.
Neal Schweiber.
Neal Schweiber—played by Samm Levine—is a self-proclaimed comic genius and ladies' man. Unlike his friends Sam and Bill, Neal is usually very outgoing and often wants to be the center of attention. He is in love with his best friend Sam's sister, Lindsay Weir. He has an abundant amount of confidence and charisma, though it garners him no more respect or reputation than Sam or Bill. Neal is somewhat in denial that he is just as geeky as the rest of his friends. His father is a dentist and his mother a homemaker. His family is fairly well-to-do. Early in the series, Sam and Bill thought that Neal's father was "cool" because he enjoyed the same television programs that they did and shared a similar sense of humor, but their opinions of him–as well as Neal's–changed when they discovered that he was having an affair. He is Jewish, and humorously notes that he was once elected Treasurer of his class when "I didn't even run!"
Bill Haverchuck.
Bill Haverchuck—played by Martin Starr—rounds out the geek trio, and is the geekiest of the geek gang. Bill is tall for his age, skinny and wears large glasses. Bill is unpretentious and gentle, with an understated but hilarious sense of humor. In addition to being a loyal friend, Bill is an avid fan of the television soap opera "Dallas". He lives with his single mother Gloria Haverchuck. He is extremely allergic to peanuts and almost dies after Alan White plants some of them in his sandwich as a prank in the episode "Chokin' and Token". The reason for his serious medical problems is explained in the episode with his mother explaining how she used drugs and alcohol while pregnant with Bill.

</doc>
<doc id="6009767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009767" title="Acacia harpophylla">
Acacia harpophylla

Acacia harpophylla, commonly known as the Brigalow, Brigalow Spearwood or Orkor is an endemic tree of Australia. It is found in central and coastal Queensland to northern New South Wales. It can reach up to 25 metres tall and forms extensive open-forest communities on clay soils.
Two species, brigalow ("A. harpophylla") and gidgee ("A. cambagei") form open woodlands on flat and gently undulating terrain on heavy and relatively fertile clay and clay-loam soils primarily in the 300-700mm annual rainfall region of Eastern Australia. These woodlands extend from a northern extreme of 20o S into northern New South Wales. Brigalow and gidgee occur as mixed communities in some regions and are commonly associated with several other woody species, including overstorey species such as "Eucalyptus coolabah", "E. cambageana", "Casuarina cristata", and a range of understorey species. "A. tephrina", "A. georginae" and "A. argyrodendron" also occupy similar habitats and have similar habits and growth forms, but are less widespread, while a number of other "Acacia" species also form structurally similar communities 
Brigalow occurs from coastal regions receiving in excess of 900mm rainfall per year through to the semi arid 500mm rainfall region although it is primarily a semi-arid zone species. Gidgee ("A. cambagei") replaces brigalow as rainfall drops in western regions and extends from 650mm-300mm. Gidgee, with a maximum height of approximately 12 metres is somewhat smaller than brigalow which can attain heights of 20 metres. In the north-western regions Black gidgee ("A. argyrodendron") replaces brigalow in many areas, while in Central-Western districts Boree ("A. tephrina") forms woodlands and shrublands, frequently on cracking clay soils and often in association with "A. cambagei". Georgina gidgee ("A. georginae") woodlands are found in more arid regions in the 200-250mm rainfall belt.
Species associated with these brigalow communities generally have a good capacity for re-sprouting following fire, and brigalow itself sprouts freely from the butt, roots and living stems in response to fire damage. Both gidgee and blackwood, in contrast, have a limited capacity to resprout following fire damage. A notable exception to the fire tolerance of brigalow communities occurs in what are referred to as softwood scrubs, which are dense communities of brigalow and a range of particularly fire-sensitive species. Fire in any brigalow or gidgee woodland would be a rare event under natural circumstances, since pasture is at best sparse in these communities, consisting of "Chloris", "Paspalidium", "Dicanthium", "Sporobolus" and "Eragrostis" species.

</doc>
<doc id="6009785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009785" title="Sellier &amp; Bellot">
Sellier &amp; Bellot

Sellier & Bellot is the name of a firearms ammunition manufacturer situated in Vlašim, Czech Republic. It is a subsidiary of the Brazilian company CBC.
Foundation.
Sellier & Bellot was founded in August 5, 1825 by a French merchant called Louis Sellier. Louis Sellier began manufacturing percussion caps for infantry firearms in a factory in Prague, Bohemia on the request of Francis I, the Emperor of Austria. Sellier was soon joined by his countryman Jean Maria Nicolaus Bellot, who led the company to quickly gain momentum.
Sellier & Bellot products soon established themselves on both European and overseas markets. As early as 1830 the manufacture of percussion caps was in excess of 60 million and peaked later in 1837 at the enormous quantity of 156 millions caps.
Subsequent development.
A subsidiary plant in Prussian town Schönebeck is founded.
Cartridge production starts. Together with Flobert‘s rimfire and Lefaucheux‘s pin-primer cartridges, first centrefire cartridges appear in the production program. In just a few years, the annual output grows to 10 million cartridges.
Louis Sellier dies and his heirs acquire his share.
Heirs of Louis Sellier convince Jean Bellot to give up management of the company and sell it. The factory brings in Czech entrepreneur Martin Hála, who soon transforms the company into a joint-stock company (; ).
Another subsidiary plant is established in Riga, Latvia (then part of Russia) and this soon covers demand for percussion caps in the whole of Russia and Scandinavia.
The first trade mark Sellier & Bellot is listed in Prague.
Hunting cartridge cases, quickly followed by hunting cartridges, are brought into the production program. This program is extended by copper primers for blasting works and ammunition manufacture in Škoda Pilsen.
During the years of World War I the production of commercial ammunition is curbed and total capacity used to manufacture rifle and handgun cartridges for the army. The Steyr 9 mm cartridge is developed and introduced to serial production during this period. After the independent state of Czechoslovakia is founded in October 1918, the Company becomes the dominant supplier of handgun ammunition for the Czechoslovak Army and police. The production of commercial ammunition for competition shooting and hunting purposes is further extended. The Company expands into the Asian and South American markets where Sellier & Bellot‘s infantry cartridges meet with a great success.
Based on the invention of its managing director Mr. Blechta, the Company became the only manufacturer of silver azide in the world. Owing to this, the production of industrial detonators increased significantly.
The Company´s transfer from Prague to Vlašim lead to further growth.
Nationalization of the Company and the decision of the Czechoslovak Government to introduce state monopoly for the manufacture of both military and commercial ammunition supplies a key incentive for further development of Sellier & Bellot. The range of commercial ammunition is extended to forty rifle calibre types, ten pistol and twenty revolver types. Shot shell manufacture ranges from 12 to 410 calibre types. Total output soon increases five times. Approximately 70% of the output is exported. Original 7.62×45, 7.62×39 and 7.62×54R cartridges are successfully introduced into production to cover the demands of the Czechoslovak Army.
Company starts to produce antifriction bearings.
Production of packaging machines, now concentrated in the subsidiary company Sellier & Bellot, stroje Ltd. begins.
Manufacture of cartridges according to valid C.I.P. regulations begins.
Transformation of the state-owned company to a joint-stock company – Sellier & Bellot a.s. (JSC). The company‘s shareholders are Czech natural and legal persons; a part of the equity is held by Company´s employees.
Almost 70% of production volume is exported through the daughter company – Sellier & Bellot Trade a.s. The company´s products are exported to more than seventy countries around the world.
The Company is granted ISO 9001 certification.
Sellier & Bellot earns the bronze medal in "Deutsches Waffen Journal" readers´ vote in the category of Ammunition.
Sellier & Bellot JSC celebrates its 180th anniversary. It is not only one of the oldest engineering companies in the Czech Republic, but also one of the oldest companies in the world. It has been manufacturing products bearing its trademark uninterrupted since 1825.
Sellier & Bellot is acquired by CBC of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="6009787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009787" title="Otisville (Metro-North station)">
Otisville (Metro-North station)

The Otisville Metro-North station serves the residents of that community and the town of Mount Hope in Orange County, New York. Trains depart regularly for Hoboken, 81.6 miles (131 km) away; travel time is about an hour and 50 minutes.
It is located a short distance off NY 211 near the eastern village line. The station has long been among the least developed on the Metro-North system, with a shelter on the bare concrete low-level platform but no roof, and minimal parking. However, the MTA, Metro-North's governing body, has addressed at least the last and built a new 104 space parking lot across the street.
A short distance west of the station, trains enter the mile-long (1.6-km) Otisville Tunnel under the Shawangunk Ridge, the longest in the Metro-North system and one of only two outside of the city. There is thus a long siding beginning just west of the station to allow trains to wait if another one is coming through the tunnel the other way, and as a result Otisville appears to be a double-track station. When trains coming the other direction are near, in fact, one will board on the siding via a wooden platform on the tracks (see photo).

</doc>
<doc id="6009791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009791" title="Czech legislative election, 1990">
Czech legislative election, 1990

Parliamentary elections were held in the Czech Republic on 8 and 9 June 1990 alongside federal elections. They were the first elections after the Velvet Revolution and voter turnout was 97%.

</doc>
<doc id="6009800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009800" title="Ben Tulfo">
Ben Tulfo

Bienvenido "Ben" Tulfo (born March 15, 1955) is a Filipino newspaper columnist and radio newscaster. Ben won Best Public Service Program host in the 2005 Star Awards for Television.
His siblings include Ramon, Raffy and Erwin Tulfo (Ben's occasional partner and Producer of Mission-X)
Biography.
Newspaper and radio.
Tulfo first wrote the regular newspaper column "Bahala si Tulfo" for the tabloid newspaper "Saksi Ngayon" (and later Philippine Star's sister publication "Pilipino Star Ngayon"). He then worked on a daily morning show "DZME 1530" on DZME. He also guested on Magic 899 DWTM's Boys Night Out.
Bitag.
He then launched his own television program "Bitag" on September 14, 2002 at television network Associated Broadcasting Company (ABC). "ABC" later acquired the rights to broadcast the Philippine Basketball Association games and let go expendable programs, including "Bitag". Mr. Tulfo secured a slot at another television network, Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation (IBC), where it currently is aired to this day. On October 14, 2011 "Bitag" was returned of his original television network Associated Broadcasting Company also known as TV5
Later, Ben Tulfo launched Bahala si Bitag (now Bitag Live!) on UNTV-37, a weekday morning show, and continues to show recaps and episode highlights from their main show.The show was then undergone reformatting and is now called Bitag Live. The show focuses on hard hitting commentaries regarding various anomalies in the Philippine government especially.
Return to TV5.
Ben's return to TV5, in its new incarnation, was surprising but not unexpected. He teams up with brothers Erwin and Tol' Raffy in . He still leads BITAG, formerly in UNTV, and now shows in Radyo5 92.3 News FM and AksyonTV, after his contract expires in IBC-13 and decides not to renew.

</doc>
<doc id="6009806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009806" title="Ogden River">
Ogden River

The Ogden River is a long river in Utah. 
The Ogden River's three forks (North, Central and South) begin in the Wasatch Range in Weber County and converge at Pineview Reservoir, near Huntsville. The river then flows southwest through Ogden Canyon, Ogden City, and the border of West Haven and Marriott-Slaterville where it joins the Weber River.
The Ogden River has cut through the landscape to create the remarkable Ogden Canyon, which is a roughly long canyon with a series of smaller side canyons. The city of Ogden is at the western end of Ogden Canyon with the eastern end at Pineview Dam.
Originally named after 19th century fur trader Peter Skene Ogden, the Ogden River has been a source of irrigation since the early 20th century. Pineview Dam was completed in 1937 as one of a series of projects by the Bureau of Reclamation as part of the Ogden River Project. This project attempts to supply irrigation to 25,000 acres (110 km²) of nearby land. Other related projects include the Ogden-Brigham Canal, which connects the river with Brigham City to the north, the reconstructed Ogden Canyon Conduit, and the South Ogden Highline Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="6009819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009819" title="Prador">
Prador

The Prador are a fictional alien race, created by Neal Asher in his "Polity Universe" series of science-fiction books. The Prador are crustaceans that gain size over time, with the oldest being many times larger than a human.
Physical description.
Prador are amphibious crustaceans with flattened pear-shaped shells with scalloped rims and a raised visual turret at the broad end that houses several pairs of red spider-like eyes, some of which are on movable stalks. Prador move about on six long legs, each terminating in a wicked spike. The rear pair of legs fall off when adolescent Prador make the transition to adults, exposing their sexual organs in the process.
Along their underside Prador have four manipulatory arms, each ending in a hand described as "a complex arrangement of hooks and fingers". These hands are highly dexterous and capable of fine manipulation, just like a human hand. It appears Prador can use all four hands to perform different tasks simultaneously, such as drawing and firing four different weapons at separate targets. Above these are the two heavy "working claws"; large crab-claw limbs that can easily cut through tough materials and crush human bones.
Prador feed with a set of dangerous mandibles, capable of grasping, cutting and chewing flesh. Prador are carnivorous, and mostly feed on decaying flesh, primarily harvested from giant mudskippers farmed on their homeworld. Adult Prador are very fond of human flesh, however, and many humans are bred just for this purpose, although by the end of the book "The Skinner", this practice has begun to decline.
Prador shells are particularly tough, able to withstand impacts and small arms fire, but they seem quite vulnerable to energy weapons and heat, which can cause the shells to burst open.
Life cycle.
The Prador life cycle is structured much as their society. Juvenile and adolescents are frequently eaten by their parents in order to prevent them usurping the parent's role in society or competing for valuable resources. The parents accomplish this by using a mixture of pheromones to inhibit their children's life cycle. These pheromones are also used to prevent adolescents from questioning the orders of their parents at any stage. Prador held under the control of these pheromones for extended periods of time typically grow faster once they are removed. 
Prador are born in large numbers, as few of them will survive in their extremely competitive society. Those that survive the larval stage (only roughly 10% do so) become children. They must progress through the ranks of Third-, Second-, and First- child, with each level being larger and more intelligent than its predecessor. Very few Prador reach the level of First-Child (the stage where they obtain individual names and personalities), and almost all of these will be killed by their parents to prevent them becoming a threat. A typical Prador will be attended to by 3-4 First-Children at any one time. Those that escape their father's control become adults.
Once a Prador reaches adulthood the rear legs drop off and the sexual organs also develop, allowing the Prador to reproduce. It also develops immunity to its parents' pheromones. As Prador age they grow in size and their limbs atrophy and fall off. Truly ancient Prador (some living into millennia) are completely limbless and rely on AG motors welded to their shells for movement, and scores of blanks for manipulation of the physical world.
Use of 'blanks'.
Prador do not accomplish much of their own physical work. Instead they implant 'core mechanisms' in captured human bodies turning them into mindless organisms known as 'blanks'. They then directly control these blanks through sub-space transmissions emitted by communication devices on the adult Prador.
Prador society.
Prador society is tightly striated and advancement challenges, as well as lethal arguments, are commonplace. No individual within the Prador Third Kingdom has a right to life; it must be earned through achievement, cunning and brute strength and constantly reinforced with displays of power. No member of society deserves any more than they can take, and the slightest sign of weakness is punished to the extreme.
Prador inter-family negotiations often consist of assassinations and outright conflict using blanks, adolescent first- and second-children.
Prador dislike AIs, and have none of their own, preferring to use surgically modified cybernetically enhanced second-children for roles such as probes, war machines and governing personalities in ships.
Prador are also very egotistical, and refuse to believe that humans and AIs are more intelligent than they are. If out-thought by an AI, a Prador would assume that a member of his own race was behind it.
Technology.
Prador technology initially outstrips the Polity in terms of their metallurgical prowess and armour development. So complex is the construction of the alloys commonly used by the Prador, that it defies replication by Polity AI, who simply refer to the material as 'Prador Alloy'. The best example of this advantage in defense is present in their warships.
Prador warship armor is resistant to heavy kinetic impacts, absorbing and distributing the kinetic energy evenly around the entirety of the ship, is quite capable of absorbing powerful energy based weapons fire, and can even reassert its original shape under combat conditions. These properties make for vessels that are incredibly tough and spectacularly difficult to destroy, requiring suitably powerful weaponry, or even near light speed kinetic projectiles. For this reason, Prador also invest in much more powerful and destructive weaponry. In stories set later in the Polity's history, however, the Polity has been able to develop armor of similar capabilities to Prador alloy, which partially contributed to the eventual Polity victory in the Prador war.
Another interesting aspect of their technology lies within their ability to Core and Thrall organic beings to act as extensions of themselves. This is normally achieved by replacing the nervous system within the lifeform with a Thrall Unit, thus creating a totally subservient organic machine, controlled remotely by an Adult Prador with the corresponding control unit. These control units are directly tied into the Prador's consciousness, and the more control units the Prador has, the more mental strength and aptitude must be applied to control the Thralls simultaneously. Thus, it is a sign of great power and prestige if an Adult Prador possesses many control units.
It is possible for Thralls to be put into autonomous roles, thus relieving the Prador of mental strain, but most Prador are necessarily quite paranoid about those close to them, and will monitor their personal Thralls incessantly, even killing them instead of relinquishing their absolute control.
Other Thrall units, such as the Spider Thrall Unit, exist. Spider Thralls do not require surgery to be implanted, and immediately dominate the host, tapping directly into the central nervous system and overriding control. However, in some cases Spider Thralls have been known to fail, or even be rejected by the host, usually resulting in death, but in some cases the host has been known to survive. The greatest advantage provided by Spider Thralls is that because the host body's nervous system still exists, command and control of the body is much smoother and reliable, and requires less concentration on the part of the Prador.
Thrall technology is used by the Prador because of their own physical shortcomings - a matter of convenience and efficiency, as Prador manipulator claws are nowhere near as sensitive or deft as human hands.

</doc>
<doc id="6009824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009824" title="Bitag">
Bitag

Bitag (literally Trap) is an investigative and public service program hosted by Ben Tulfo and produced by BST Tri-Media Productions that airs in the Philippines. Launched on September 14, 2002, it first aired on Associated Broadcasting Company (now TV5) before moving the following year to Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation (IBC) before returning again to TV5. It is currently aired in syndication on the government-owned People's Television Network. During its launch, Ben described it as an investigative show like no other that strays away from the "packaged" aggressive image that the Tulfo clan is known for by adopting a more cut-throat, in-your-face approach. Its success also spawned a recap (later talk) show that aired during weekday mornings on UNTV as Bitag Live, and simulcast on radio through DZME and DWUN. As of February 2013, Bitag Live is currently aired on AksyonTV and simulcast on DWFM.
Bitag is also a segment of the TV5 public service program , where Ben co-hosts with brothers Erwin Tulfo and Raffy Tulfo.
Format.
An episode usually contains 3 different cases set to stock film, music and industrial sound effects sardonically narrated by Ben before wrapping it up with an educational segment sponsored by PAGCOR. Bitag operates semi-autonomously, conducting reconnaissance and surveillance and deploys their own agents as undercovers. When enough intelligence is gathered, Ben coordinates with the local authorities to plan the manner of arrest and follows them with his convoy of security back-ups and camera men to document the entire procedure and its aftermath. In accordance with Ben's eschewal of "drama" and production in favor of "real reality", most cases air days after the shoot with minor cuts and editing used only to fit the documented footage under 10 minute segments. This is further proven by Ben's occasional absence in his AksyonTV show Bitag Live on weekdays, when he personally oversees certain case operations.
The programs segments are classified according to their nature:
For safety reasons, the Bitag strike force is fully armed and trained in self-defense disciplines (including Tulfo himself) and comprises professional security personnel. They are also allowed to carry their firearms in airplanes and vessels provided they surrender it prior to departure. However, the team still makes it a point to request assistance from the local authorities when dwelling in unfamiliar territory in accordance with the law. 
Bitag was originally pitched to other TV networks but an unidentified "Tulfo" was opposed to it 
"Bitag Live".
In 2004, UNTV provided Ben with his own daily morning show, Bahala si Bitag (taking its name from his bi-weekly newspaper column of the same name) where Ben fields questions and complaints from callers in addition to showing re-runs of cases for the purpose of alerting the public. The show has since renamed to "Bitag Live."
The show underwent through a series of changes in conjunction with their tagline of "continuous change for the better", incorporating their Kilos Pronto segment (from Bitag) into their show as a live help line and updated the stale set with a more modern look - most noticeably their use of a Plasma TV backdrop. (Those were later removed.) BITAG Live also has invited guests to speak regarding cases BITAG currently holds, or to speak regarding current issues. They also add a religious portion Biblically Speaking hosted by Bro. Eli Soriano.
In 2007, Ben started prefacing lectures with "were taking care of business" when showing his subjects how Bitag would deal with the matter. Consequently, Takin' Care of Business by Bachman-Turner Overdrive is used as the theme song on one of their remixed ads.
Late in the show's UNTV tenure, it also added lifestyle-related segments. In 2013, the program found a new home on TV5's free-to-air UHF station AksyonTV; the said station also airs brothers Erwin and Raffy's own programs Punto Asintado and Wanted sa Radyo respectively, as well as T3: Reload, all of which also simulcast on radio through DWFM.
Appearance of other Tulfo Siblings in Bitag.
In 2006, Erwin Tulfo, Ben's younger brother and a contracted but underused employee of ABS-CBN, officially joined Bitag, and Bahala si Bitag was renamed to "Bahala sina Ben at Erwin" as both would answer calls and discuss subjects on air equally in addition to having his own segment (under the motif Mission-X) on its main show. The pairing did not last long and BSTs title has since reverted to the previous title after Erwin left to team up with his other brothers Ramon Tulfo and Raffy Tulfo in the show Isumbong mo sa Tulfo Brothers on RPN-9. The latter aired its final episode on August 12, 2006 
Facing charges of libel, Erwin re-joined Bitag on March 1, 2007 albeit in a lesser capacity. Erwin often accompany Ben during high-profile cases or works individually, no longer sharing hosting duties on BST. Back then, Erwin maintains a subgroup called Mission-X, as well as its own separate action center, that peers with Bitag's. 
Ben and Erwin occasionally combine their workforce (Bitag and Mission-X) when necessary. There were times Erwin handled certain BITAG cases and encounters the suspects themselves in lieu of Ben, particularly in sensitive cases that requires a little more restraint.
However, Erwin left Bitag and has since spun off his own brand of public service to TV5's "Tutok Tulfo".
Raffy from Wanted Sa Radyo has also been featured in Bitag on October 11, 2008, in an episode of him helping out on an investigation, and in a drug den raid. Similarly,[Ramon Tulfo, the eldest of the siblings, has also appeared in BITAG as well, during the drug den raid in Mabalacat, Pampanga. All 4 public service brands by the mentioned siblings (Bitag, Erwin's Mission X, Raffy's Wanted Sa Radyo and Ramon's Isumbong Mo Kay Tulfo; Raffy and Ramon's tandem is also called Tulfo Brothers alternatively.) has united together at least once in a given operation.
Ramon Tulfo's Isumbong Mo Kay Tulfo made a comeback to DZIQ, PDI's radio arm, before returning to DWIZ. Ramon's younger brothers would eventually end up as hosts for TV5's public service program T3: Reload, although Ramon later became a co-host himself briefly prior to the infamous incident with Raymart Santiago and Claudine Barretto.
Unique elements.
Although the concept of investigative and public service programs are hardly new on local television, there are still differences between the show and most of its rivals. While their peers are restricted entirely to the confines of their studio/shooting location or function exclusively as "hosts", Ben considers himself as an investigator (but still he was a media personality), and is on the field most of the time while still regarding his prey with the same unabashed contempt, regardless of proximity. Most importantly, the show doesn't discriminate and has handled cases both small and large and is nonchalant with regards to the background of the felons they pursue - be it the child of a network executive, high-ranking police officers, government institutions, city mayors, foreigners, relatives of influential entities or huge crime syndicates - as host Ben Tulfo always says, "Walang sinasanto't walang sinisino ang patibong ng Bitag!" (The snare of Bitag recognizes and discriminates no one!)
Host.
Perhaps the shows main draw is its host (and also producer and director) Ben Tulfo who subscribes to the adage "it takes a wolf to catch a wolf" which, more often that not, leads to precarious situations that he immerses himself with gusto. Each case, Ben finds himself getting in the face of his subjects, be it ordinary suspects or policemen - sparring verbally (often laced with profanity) and at times, physically. Being the shows producer as well, he prefers an approach and presentation that lets the viewers see the true face of reality, no matter how grim or disturbing it is - the lack of a formal script means no dramatizations or re-enactments, as said by the shows tagline, "Hindi ito drama, di tulad ng iba!", and guarantees audiences of raw, documented footage of events as they happened.
Ben, at one point, adapts his show title as his moniker or nickname, calling himself Bitag.
Reaction and Controversy.
As a result of his brazenfaced exploits, Ben has received generous praise from supporters who find his brand of crusaders zeal efficient when dealing with the scourges of society, and also jeers from those who consider his behavior repulsive and inappropriate for a media personality.
His aforementioned recklessness has also led to several tension-filled incidents that range from minor physical confrontations to an actual firearm being pointed at him and his staff, prompting many to speculate if he will ever tone down his approach in the interest of his own public image and safety. These gripes are regularly brought up by furious viewers, to which Ben contends that as long as his actions are for the greater good, he will continue to press on with his methods regardless.
It has competition from ABS-CBN's that was hosted by Julius Babao Pinky Webb and Alex Santos. Ex-Bitag operatives comprise most of its staff and the shows title appears to lampoon the suffix "X-treme" in Bitag. Another competing investigative television show of this genre of public service, although in a later timeslot, is GMA Network's Imbestigador. 
Other competitions include his other brother's brand of public service, including Wanted sa Radyo, Isumbong Mo Kay Tulfo, and his former co-host's brand, Tutok Tulfo. 
Bitag acknowledges the existence of such other shows, and he insists that Bitag, oriented to public service, is out of the ordinary because of its unusual focus on real reality, unabridged by typical broadcasting standards.
Ben is not afraid nor ashamed of exposing anomalies committed even by his own employees at BST Tri-Media, in which has resulted in the expulsion of two of his employees to date.
Principles.
Tulfos guiding principles are plain and simple, which he iterates at the end of the program: 
Return to TV5.
Bitag's contract on IBC has expired, and he did not renew. Since the programming of the network has changed to sports (AKTV on IBC). Bitag was forced to move to UNTV's Saturday night slots]. Ben Tulfo eventually moved his TV show to AksyonTV, the sister channel of his former network TV5. He teamed up with his other brothers from the other stations and made a TV show called T3: Reload (renamed from T3: Kapatid Sagot Kita following the infamous tirade to Raymart Santiago and Claudine Barretto regarding the assault of elder brother Ramon in May 2012). On October 14, 2011, he returned to TV5. Another spin-off premiered on AksyonTV entitled "Pinoy US Cops Ride Along" where it chronicles the operations of Filipino police officers in the United States. Both Bitag and Pinoy US Cops later moved to the People's Television Network, albeit in a producer's cut variety and in broadcast syndication, while the UNTV version continued to air Fridays in a commercial-free tandem with Pinoy US Cops: Ride Along in a director's cut. 
Ben became involved in the controversy of T3 when he, along with brothers Erwin and Raffy, vowed that the assault towards their eldest brother Mon would not go unanswered.
At the start of 2013, UNTV dropped Bitag, Pinoy US Cops and Bitag Live from its list of programs. Bitag Live then found a home on 92.3 News FM and AksyonTV; furthermore the Bitag segment on T3: Reload was revived after it was renamed 'Caught in the Act' following the said program's reformat.

</doc>
<doc id="6009827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009827" title="Ross Hannaman">
Ross Hannaman

Ross Hannaman was a British singer in the 1960s. 
She was born Rosalind Judith Hannaman and raised in London. Ross signed to EMI in 1967 to pursue a career in pop music. She was initially managed by Tim Rice, and he and Andrew Lloyd Webber wrote both of her singles and their subsequent b-sides. Her debut single, "Down Thru’ Summer," (b/w “I’ll Give All My Love To Southend”) was released in 1967. It received airplay on the offshore pirate radio station Radio London, made the station's Fab 40 chart, but did not feature in the official UK chart listings. Shortly after, her second single, “1969”, was released. Its b-side was a lush ballad entitled “Probably on Thursday." Like its predecessor, “1969” went nowhere on the charts and Hannaman's solo career ended. Both of the singles are very rare and highly sought after by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice collectors. 
Ross was named "face" of the year in 1968 by the Evening Standard, and she then married EMI producer Mark Wirtz. They wrote songs using the aliases “Philwit and Bigsby”. Together and under the name “The Sweetshop,” Wirtz and Hannaman recorded the song "Barefoot and Tiptoe" as part of his unfinished recording “A Teenage Opera.” Wirtz and Hannaman divorced and she now lives in Vermont in the United States with her two children from her marriage to her current husband Robert Fritz.

</doc>
<doc id="6009840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009840" title="Malcolm Hoenlein">
Malcolm Hoenlein

Malcolm Hoenlein is the executive vice chairman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations since June 1986. He is the founding executive director of the Greater New York Conference on Soviet Jewry and the Jewish Community Relations Council of New York.
Early life and career.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Hoenlein received his B.A from Temple University and his Ph.D from the University of Pennsylvania.
He has taught international relations and served as a Middle East specialist at the Foreign Policy Research Institute (FPRI). In addition, he served on the editorial staff of "Orbis", FPRI’s journal of international affairs. 
Hoenlein is the recipient of many awards and tributes from organizations and individuals, including State of Israel Bonds, President Ronald Reagan, American ORT, Brandeis University, Jerusalem College of Technology, and the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations. He played a key role in organizing the massive National Solidarity Rally for Israel in Washington, D.C. on April 15, 2002. A recent poll ranks him as the most influential Jewish leader.
Hoenlein is associated with and serves on the boards of many communal, educational and civic organizations including the Council on Foreign Relations, America-Israel Chamber of Commerce, the Uzbekistan-U.S. Chamber, the Ronald S. Lauder Foundation, Jerusalem’s Sha'arey Tzedek Medical Center, the Fairness Project and One Family. He is Chairman of America’s Voices in Israel and Co-Chair of Sharing for Life. He serves on the Board of Directors or Advisory Board of several companies, including Bank Leumi USA. He is also the Director of Keryx Biopharmaceuticals since 2001.
President George W. Bush appointed Hoenlein to serve on the Honorary Delegation to accompany him to Jerusalem for the celebration of the 60th anniversary of the State of Israel in May 2008. 
Political opinions.
On Sept 18, 2008, Hoenlein announced that the coalition of groups sponsoring a rally to protest Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had concluded they must rescind an invitation to vice presidential candidate Gov. Sarah Palin. According to an interview Hoenlein gave to NBC/NJ, the invitation was initially extended to balance Sen. Hillary Clinton, who had long been on the rally agenda.
The sequence of events became highly politicized, gaining significant media attention. According to AP, Palin blamed Democrats for withdrawing the rally invitation. Palin complained to supporters that "Democrat partisans" had pressured organizers. Sen. Richard Durbin, however, noted "it's very tense political time, the election is so close, and I think there were basic mistakes made in organizing this rally, I'm not being negative, but I think the way the invitations were issued created a problem. I'm sure they never intended this to happen, but it did." 
Hoenlein stirred further controversy over a conference call during the heat of the campaign with Senator John McCain. "The Forward" reported that the call was not well received by Jewish leaders who felt it was "inappropriate for the non-partisan group to promote one candidate’s events." One noted that “there is a general perception that the Presidents Conference leans more to the right, and this is yet another example.” Hoenlein fired back in an interview with Shalom TV that the Forward was "not a paper of great import." The Jewish Telegraphic Agency noted that the animosity with the "Forward" is "mutual", noting that "Hoenlein didn't make the cut for the Forward 50," the paper's annual list of most influential Jewish leaders.
Hoenlein made news again with his statement that President Barack Obama's June 4, 2009 
speech to the Arab world from Cairo dismayed many Jews with its attempt to compare the struggle of the Palestinians with Israel to the World War II Jewish Holocaust. Honelein is an advocate of Jewish humanitarian efforts worldwide, and met Bashar al-Assad during the Syrian Uprising.

</doc>
<doc id="6009874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009874" title="Oncidium ochmatochilum">
Oncidium ochmatochilum

Oncidium ochmatochilum Rchb.f. (1852), reduced to synonymy under "Cyrtochiloides ochmatochila" (Rchb.f.) N.H.Williams & M.W.Chase (2001), is a species of orchid. 
The genus "Cyrtochiloides" N.H.Williams & M.W.Chase (2001) comprises a small group of Neotropical epiphytes, previously included under a broad concept of "Oncidium" Sw., with a new, more accurate identity based on "DNA". "Cyrtochiloides" is akin to the mainly South American "Cyrtochilum" Kunth (1815). After having found it’s species scattered in "Oncidium" and several other genera, recently Cyrtochilum received notable acceptance by botanists, primarily based on the molecular discoveries made by Williams and Chase, as well as morphological analyses carried out by Stig Dalström. DNA samples illustrate that "Oncidium ochmatochilum" Rchb.f. and several other species have only a diluted connection with the core species of "Oncidium". This new genus forms part of a well-supported clade including "Otoglossum" (Schltr.) Garay & Dunsterville, "Cyrtochilum", the Andean group of "Caucaea" Schltr. (also previously retained under "Oncidium" as the section Cucullata), and "Miltoniopsis" God.-Leb.

</doc>
<doc id="6009888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009888" title="The Devil's Discus">
The Devil's Discus

"The Devil's Discus" is an investigation into the death of King Ananda Mahidol (Rama VIII) of Siam (later Thailand) by English-South African author Rayne Kruger.
Book summary.
The book comprises four main sections which are each further divided into chapters. The section “Before” serves as an introduction to King Ananda’s death, to Siam and to King Ananda’s background.
The next section “The Life and Death of Ananda” is ten chapters in length and details the main events of King Ananda’s life, from his birth in Heidelberg in 1925 to his death by a single gunshot in mysterious circumstances at Bangkok’s Royal Palace on 9 June 1946. This section introduces the main characters surrounding Ananda throughout his life and who subsequently become subjects for investigation following his death.
“The Trial” is the fourth section of eight chapters that summarises the events and arguments of the subsequent regicide trial against three Palace officials. Including two appeals the trial lasted more than six years and resulted in the execution of all three defendants in 1955.
The final section “Who Killed Ananda ?” is Kruger’s own analysis of the evidence surrounding Ananda’s death leading him to the conclusion that the only satisfactory explanation is suicide. He supports this theory with the revelation of a love affair between the young King and a fellow law student in Switzerland, Marylene Ferrari, a relationship which would not have been acceptable to Siam’s Royalist institutions.
Publication history.
"The Devil's Discus" was first published in 1964 by Cassell. The Thai government banned the book as soon as it was published and Kruger was banned from further entry to Thailand.
A Thai translation of the book titled "Kongchak Pisat" (Thai: กงจักรปีศาจ) by Chalit Chaisithiwet (Thai: ร.อ.ชลิต ชัยสิทธิเวช) was produced for submission as evidence in a 1970 defamation lawsuit brought by Pridi Banomyong against MR Kukrit Pramoj and his newspaper Siam Rath. The translator was the elder brother of Pridi's secretary, Vacharachai Chaisithiwet. It was secretly published by two Thammasat students in 1974 and reprinted in 1977, and circulated behind closed doors in Thailand. A local printing house involved with this Thai edition was burnt down. This translation was eventually officially banned in May 2006.
Through the organisation Freedom Against Censorship Thailand (FACT), the English text was reprinted in November 2009 by DMP Publications, Hong Kong.
Critical Discussion.
In 2011 Andrew MacGregor Marshall published online #thaistory in which he describes the genesis of The Devil's Discus; 
"Krueger wrote it on the suggestion of Prince Subhasvasti, brother of Prajadhipok’s wife Queen Rambhai... came to trust and respect Pridi as a result of their wartime cooperation... He believed – entirely correctly – that Pridi had nothing to do with Ananda’s death. The Devil’s Discus was envisaged as a way of rehabilitating Pridi’s reputation in the hope that he would be able to return from exile and play a leading role in Thai politics once again."
Marshall's view is that the most likely explanation of Ananda's death is that he was shot accidentally by his younger brother Bhumipol, hence he goes on to say "Krueger’s book, published in 1964 after extensive research and considerable assistance from Subhasvasti, did a very good job of demolishing the case against Pridi. But the problem was that an alternative explanation for Ananda’s death had to be provided. And to conclude that Bhumibol was responsible was, of course, totally unacceptable to the royalist establishment – the book was supposed to enable détente between Rama IX and Pridi, not to declare full-scale
war. So Krueger had to find a way to discard the likeliest explanation – that Bhumibol shot his brother – and promote the only credible alternative conclusion, suicide."
See also.
Censorship in Thailand

</doc>
<doc id="6009892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009892" title="California Surf Museum">
California Surf Museum

The California Surf Museum is a museum located at 312 Pier View Way in Oceanside, California, dedicated to archiving and displaying surfboards, surf art, memorabilia, surfing equipment, photographs, magazines, videos, and more. The California Surf Museum's permanent time line of surfboards includes wooden boards from the early 1900s to today's modern boards. The museum has rotating exhibits and is visited by an estimated 20,000 people annually. It was founded in 1986 in Encinitas, California and subsequently moved to Pacific Beach before settling in Oceanside in 1991. The current location (its third location in Oceanside) is a building located in downtown Oceanside close to the pier. The museum hosts a number of events annually including a fundaising gala, three-day Surf Film Festival, "Legends Day", book signings, concerts and more. The California Surf Museum is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
The Museum features a display of many unique pieces of surfing memorabilia, including a display dedicated to Bethany Hamilton who lost her arm in a shark attack off the coast of Hawaii. The display includes the board that Hamilton was riding at the time with a large piece missing where the shark bit off Hamilton's arm.

</doc>
<doc id="6009896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009896" title="Carolinas Sports Entertainment Television">
Carolinas Sports Entertainment Television

Carolinas Sports Entertainment Television, or C-SET, was a regional sports network in the United States that was in operation from October 2004 until June 2005. It was the primary television vehicle of the Charlotte Bobcats of the National Basketball Association during that team's first season in the league.
History.
C-SET was a joint venture between Bobcats owner Robert L. Johnson, the executive who founded Black Entertainment Television and used the money to become the first majority African-American owner in NBA history, and Time Warner Cable, the largest cable provider in North Carolina. It was supposed to cover both North Carolina and South Carolina. An aspect that set C-SET apart from similar team-owned channels is that Time Warner Cable did not put the channel on analog cable, instead using it as an attraction to get customers for their digital cable services. A package of 15 Bobcats games produced by C-SET did air on WJZY.
Other programming.
In addition to the Bobcats, C-SET aired college sports programs, mostly from the Big South Conference and Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association, outdoors programming (hunting and fishing), auto racing, and action sports. C-SET also planned a nightly sportscast.
Closure and aftermath.
C-SET lasted only one NBA season and folded on the day of the 2005 NBA Draft. The lack of analog cable carriage and the resulting poor attendance of the team was seen as a primary reason, as was the lack of other distributors carrying it. Additionally, Time Warner blocked satellite television providers from carrying the channel.
In 2005, the Bobcats moved their local cable broadcasts to News 14 Carolina, another complicated and limiting deal which cut out viewers in South Carolina and outside of the Charlotte area who did not have Time Warner as a cable provider. In 2006-07, the team added over-the-air broadcasts on WMYT after one season on WJZY. In April 2008, Time Warner Cable allowed the Bobcats to exit the News 14 deal and sign a more broadcasting accessible agreement with SportsSouth/FSN South in exchange for Time Warner Cable acquiring the naming rights for the Charlotte Bobcats Arena, which is now known as Time Warner Cable Arena.
The Carolinas would not have a dedicated regional sports network focused on the region until 2008, when Fox Sports South created Fox Sports Carolinas as a regional subfeed.

</doc>
<doc id="6009909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009909" title="Zoltán Kelemen (baritone)">
Zoltán Kelemen (baritone)

Zoltán Kelemen (March 12, 1926 – May 9, 1979) was a Hungarian bass-baritone. He was born in Budapest and died in Zurich. He began studying music at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music before leaving Hungary in order to study in Rome. When he left Rome in 1959, he established himself in Germany, first in Augsburg and later in Cologne.
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Kelemen was a favorite singer of Herbert von Karajan, with whom he recorded "Fidelio" in the role of Don Pizarro, "Der Ring des Nibelungen" as Alberich, "Boris Godunov" as Rangoni, "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" as Fritz Kothner, "The Merry Widow" as Mirko Zeta, and others. Kelemen also recorded the role of Klingsor in "Parsifal" with Georg Solti (1971). At the Bayreuth Festival, Kelemen succeeded Gustav Neidlinger in the role of Alberich, in which he debuted in 1962 and with which he became identified. He notably sang it several times under the direction of Pierre Boulez.

</doc>
<doc id="6009917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009917" title="Platinum Point">
Platinum Point

Platinum Point is a development by Gregor Shore Limited in the Western Harbour area of Newhaven near Edinburgh, Scotland. It formed part of a large scale redevelopment of the Leith docklands by Forth Ports, named Edinburgh Forthside. The development is located near the Ocean Terminal shopping centre.
The eventual development was for 452 flats with 50 different designs available, although only half (Phase 1) has been built since Gregor Shore Limited entered into Administration on 14 October 2008. As of April 2012, the Joint Administrators are Dominic Wong and John Reid of Deloitte LLP.
In September 2006 owners of apartments in Phase 1 formed the "Platinum Point Owners′ Association".

</doc>
<doc id="6009931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009931" title="BattleTroops">
BattleTroops

BattleTroops is a FASA wargame set in the "BattleTech" universe, simulating infantry combat. It was expanded to include Clan Elementals with ClanTroops. It was published in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="6009939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009939" title="Interstellar (film)">
Interstellar (film)

Interstellar is an upcoming science fiction film directed by Christopher Nolan. Starring Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Bill Irwin, Ellen Burstyn, and Michael Caine, the film features a team of space travelers who travel through a wormhole. Nolan combined his idea with an existing script by his brother Jonathan Nolan that was developed in 2007 for Paramount Pictures and producer Lynda Obst. Nolan is producing the film with Obst and Emma Thomas.
Warner Bros., who produced and distributed Nolan's previous films, negotiated with Paramount, traditionally a rival studio, to have a financial stake in "Interstellar". Legendary Pictures, which formerly partnered with Warner Bros., also sought a stake. The three companies co-financed the film, and the production companies Syncopy and Lynda Obst Productions were enlisted. The director also hired cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema since his previous collaborator Wally Pfister was busy working on "Transcendence", his directorial debut. "Interstellar" is being filmed with a combination of anamorphic 35mm and IMAX film photography. Filming took place in the last quarter of 2013 in locations in the province of Alberta, Canada, in southern Iceland, and in Los Angeles, California.
"Interstellar" is scheduled to be released on November 7, 2014. Paramount will distribute the film in the United States and Canada, and Warner Bros. will distribute the film in remaining territories.
Synopsis.
When a wormhole (which theoretically can connect widely-separated regions of spacetime) is discovered, explorers and scientists unite to embark on a voyage through it, transcending the limits of human space travel. "The Hollywood Reporter" said in addition to the official synopsis, "The plot is believed to involve time travel and alternate dimensions, but other details are being kept under wraps."
Cast.
In April 2013, Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway were cast in the film's starring roles. Director Christopher Nolan said he became interested in casting McConaughey after seeing him in an early cut of the 2012 film "Mud". He called McConaughey's character an everyman with whom "the audience could experience the story".
Other well-known actors eventually joined what would become "an all-star cast". Actor Irrfan Khan said he declined a role since he wanted to be in India for the releases of "The Lunchbox" and "D-Day". Actor Matt Damon was cast in late August 2013 in a small role and filmed his scenes in Iceland.
Production.
Development and financing.
The premise for "Interstellar" was conceived by film producer Lynda Obst and theoretical physicist Kip Thorne, who were long-time friends. Based on Thorne's work, the two conceived a scenario about "the most exotic events in the universe suddenly becoming accessible to humans" that would attract filmmaker Steven Spielberg's interest in directing. The film began development in June 2006 when Spielberg and Paramount Pictures announced plans for a science fiction film based on Thorne's treatment. Obst was attached to produce the film, which "Variety" said would "take several years to come together" before Spielberg directed it. By March 2007, Jonathan Nolan was hired to write a screenplay for "Interstellar". To learn the science, Nolan studied relativity at the California Institute of Technology over the course of four years while writing the script. Later in 2007, Thorne told "The Australian" that the film was "based on warped space-time". Thorne also said people wanted him to be cast as himself in the film.
The film remained in development for several years. In January 2013, Christopher Nolan entered negotiations with Paramount and Warner Bros. to direct "Interstellar". Nolan intended to write a screenplay based on his own idea that he would merge with his brother's screenplay. By the following March, Nolan was confirmed to direct "Interstellar", which would be produced under his label Syncopy and Lynda Obst Productions. Though Paramount and Warner Bros. are traditionally rival studios, Warner Bros., who released Nolan's Batman films and works with Nolan's Syncopy, sought a stake in Nolan's production of "Interstellar" for Paramount. Warner Bros. agreed to give Paramount its rights to co-finance the next film in the "Friday the 13th" horror franchise and to have a stake in a future film based on the TV series "South Park". Warner Bros. also agreed to let Paramount co-finance "a to-be-determined A-list Warners property". In August 2013, sources reported that Legendary Pictures finalized an agreement with Warner Bros. to finance approximately 25 percent of the film's production. Although it failed to renew its eight-year production partnership with Warner Bros., Legendary reportedly agreed to forego financing for the "Man of Steel" sequel in exchange for the stake in "Interstellar".
Filming.
Nolan filmed "Interstellar" with anamorphic 35mm and IMAX film photography. IMAX cameras were used for "Interstellar" more than any of Nolan's previous films. The director had practical locations built to minimize the use of computer-generated imagery, such as the interior of a space shuttle. Some sequences of the film were shot with an IMAX camera installed in the nosecone of a Learjet. Nolan, known to keep details of his productions secret, strove to ensure secrecy for "Interstellar". "The Wall Street Journal" reported, "The famously secretive filmmaker has gone to extreme lengths to guard the script to ... "Interstellar", just as he did with the blockbuster "Dark Knight" trilogy." As one security measure, "Interstellar" was filmed under the name "Flora's Letter". For the film's production, cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema was hired for "Interstellar". Wally Pfister had been the cinematographer on all of Nolan's past films but was not available for "Interstellar" due to working on his directorial debut "Transcendence".
The film's principal photography was scheduled to last for four months. It began on , 2013 in the province of Alberta, Canada. Towns in Alberta where filming took place included Nanton, Longview, Lethbridge, and Okotoks. In Okotoks, filming took place at the Seaman Stadium and the Olde Town Plaza. Filming in the province lasted till , 2013 and involved hundreds of extras as well as approximately members, most of them local. Filming also took place in Iceland, where Nolan had previously filmed scenes for his 2005 film "Batman Begins". In Iceland, a two-week shoot was scheduled. A crew of approximately , including , worked on the shoot in Iceland. Locations included the Svínafellsjökull glacier and the town of Klaustur. After the crew finished filming in Iceland, it moved to Los Angeles, California to film for . Filming in the state was relatively unusual since California's tax credit was not available for films with a budget greater than . Filming locations include the Westin Bonaventure Hotel and Suites, the Los Angeles Convention Center, a Sony Pictures soundstage in Culver City, and a private residence in Altadena. Filming concluded in December 2013, and Nolan started editing the film for its release in 2014.
Musical score.
Composer Hans Zimmer, who scored Nolan's Batman film trilogy, is scoring "Interstellar". Zimmer and Nolan plan to move away from the trilogy's scores and to come up with a unique one. Zimmer said, "The textures, the music, and the sounds, and the thing we sort of created has sort of seeped into other people's movies a bit, so it's time to reinvent. The endless string need to go by the wayside, the big drums are probably in the bin." Zimmer also said that Nolan did not provide him a script or any plot details for writing music for the film and instead gave the composer "one page of text" that "had more to do with [Zimmer's story than the plot of the movie".
Visual effects.
The visual effects company Double Negative, which developed visual effects for Nolan's 2010 film "Inception", is working on "Interstellar".
Marketing.
The teaser trailer for "Interstellar" debuted on , 2013 and featured clips related to space exploration, accommodated by a voiceover by Matthew McConaughey as his character. The theatrical trailer debuted on , 2014 at the Lockheed Martin IMAX Theater at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C. It was made available online later in the month, and for the week ending , it had the most viewings for a trailer with over views on YouTube.
Release.
"Interstellar" is scheduled to be released in theaters on , 2014. Paramount Pictures will distribute the film in the United States and Canada, and Warner Bros. will distribute it in the remaining territories. Though Paramount stated in January of 2014 that it would stop releasing films on film stock and instead distribute in digital format, it also stated it would make exceptions for certain films including "Interstellar", which will be released in both formats. "Interstellar" will be projected on IMAX film in around theaters around the world out of over 800 IMAX theaters.

</doc>
<doc id="6009951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009951" title="Centerpointe Mall">
Centerpointe Mall

Centerpointe Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States. It opened in 1967 as Eastbrook Mall, a year before the larger Woodland Mall opened across the street. Demolition of portions of the mall began in 2012.
History.
Eastbrook Mall opened in 1967. At the time, it featured approximately 50 stores, with three anchor stores: discount department store chain Woolco anchored the eastern end, while local department stores Wurzburg's and Steketee's anchored the western and northern ends, respectively. Woolco closed in 1982, later becoming Burlington Coat Factory.
In the 1980s and 1990s, many inline tenants closed, including two of its anchors: Witmark in 1997, followed by Steketee's three years later. Lormax Stern acquired the mall from Visser Brothers in 2000, renovating the center and renaming it Centerpointe Mall. Steve & Barry's was added in 2001, followed by several other inline stores such as Lane Bryant. Also, Burlington Coat Factory re-located outside the mall, with its space being converted to Linens 'n Things. A skate park called Modern Skate & Surf opened in the former Witmark, while Steketee's was demolished for Nordstrom Rack and two new mall entrances. Throughout 2004 and 2005, Old Navy, DSW Shoe Warehouse, and David's Bridal opened as well, taking up space formerly occupied by smaller tenants. In 2006, General Growth Properties assumed leasing of management of the mall, with Lormax Stern retaining ownership.
Redevelopment.
Although several new stores were added under Lormax Stern's ownership, most of the smaller inline spaces remained vacant. Because of its low occupancy rate, the mall was slated in mid-2007 to be re-developed as a new shopping center with outdoor, pedestrian-friendly structures. Nordstrom Rack, Menards, Steve & Barry's and Dunham's Sports would have remained in their existing locations under these plans. while remaining stores would have received new locations within the center. Redevelopment was to have been completed in 2009. These plans were later canceled, however. In mid-2008, Klingman's relocated to a property in the nearby city of Wyoming, while Linens 'n Things closed its Centerpointe Mall store along with eight other Michigan locations in May, and was converted to a Jo-Ann Fabrics superstore in 2009. Steve & Barry's closed in late 2008 and became a clothing store called Wear District. Also in 2008, the mall's developers indicated interest in opening office tenants in the mall to fill vacancy. Modern Skate and Surf closed in November, 2011.
In late 2011, Lormax Stern announced plans to begin converting the mall to a strip mall. Work began in March 2012. New tenants will include HomeGoods, Rue 21, Ulta (in the former Modern Skate & Surf), The Vitamin Shoppe and Dots Clothing. The existing David's Bridal, Men's Wearhouse, TJ Maxx, and DSW stores were relocated, the replacement TJ Maxx being a larger store combined with HomeGoods. Menards closed its store at the mall in March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6009963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009963" title="Neṭunalvāṭai">
Neṭunalvāṭai

Netunalvatai,(Tamil: நெடுநல்வாடை, "neṭunalvāṭai", Long Pleasant Breeze of Winter) is a Tamil poetic work in the "Pathinenmaelkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature, belonging to the Sangam period corresponding to between 100 BCE – 100 CE. "Netunalvatai" is part of the Pattupattu collection, which is the oldest available collection of long poems in Tamil literature. "Netunalvatai" contains 188 lines of poetry in the "akaval" meter. The poet Nakkirar wrote "Netunalvatai". "Netunalvatai" poems belong to the "Akam", or subjective themes of love and human relationships and utilises the location of the story to spins a vivid picture of the ancient Tamil country. "Netunalvatai" contains descriptions of the palace of the Pandya king Nedeunchezhiyan.
Nature of "Netunalvatai".
The story of "Netunalvatai" is about the heroine who prays to the goddess for the return of her lover from the battlefield. Seeing the suffering of the heroine, her maids in the palace also pray to the goddess for the hero to quickly win the battle and return home to their mistress. 
Around this centre core, the poet paints a beautiful picture with descriptions of the heroine's palace, the hero in the battlefield and the description of the cool breeze that flows through the palace and the battlefield to cool the hearts of the pining lovers. The cool breeze with the hint of rain, moisture carrying, spreads everywhere. This breeze promises rain and brings coolness to the weather making the shepherds and their flock shiver. The monkeys in the forest are hurt by the cold weather, birds struck by the coolness fall from the sky; suckling calves are turned away by the cows. The cold weather flowing through the streets of the towns scatter the people and drive them indoors. Only drunks are to be found in the streets. They are so inebriated they cannot feel the cold. The cold weather darkens the sky so that the people have no means of telling the time to light the lamps. The cruel cold breeze flows through the battlefield keeping the hero awake. He goes around at midnight to converse with his wounded soldiers and look at his horses.
Meaning of "Netunalvadai".
"Netunalvatai" in keeping with its name, has the theme of the "vatai", or cold breeze. The two adjectives "netu" and "nal" to the "vatai" breeze mean "long" and "good". The poem in akaval metre is long in 188 lines hence the adjective "nedu". same breeze is at the same time is bad to the heroine who languishes in the palace and increases her suffering, at the same time, the breeze causes the hero to do good by conversing and consoling his suffering troops.
Ancient controversy.
"Netunalvatai" is classified as an "akam" poem because the hero and the heroine remain anonymous. According to the ancient grammatical treatise Tolkappiyam, if the subject of a poem is an identifiable person, then the poem ceases to be an "akam". Or subjective poetry and becomes a more tangible "puram" poetry. An ancient commentator to this book argued that, since in one sentence in this poem there is a mention of a "vembu" flower adorning the spear of the hero, he could be identified to belong to the Pandya dynasty. Thus the character is no longer anonymous.

</doc>
<doc id="6009969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009969" title="Banking in the United Kingdom">
Banking in the United Kingdom

Banking in the United Kingdom can be considered to have started in the Kingdom of England in the 17th century. The first activity in what later came to be known as banking was by goldsmiths who, after the dissolution of English monasteries by Henry VIII, began to accumulate significant stocks of gold.
17th Century.
Many goldsmiths were associated with The Crown but, following seizure of gold held at the Royal Mint in the Tower of London by Charles I, they extended their services to gentry and aristocracy as the Royal Mint was no longer considered a safe place to keep gold.
Goldsmiths came to be known as ‘keepers of running cash’ and they accepted gold in exchange for a receipt as well as accepting written instructions to pay back, even to third parties. This instruction was the forerunner to the modern banknote or cheque.
Around 1650, a cloth merchant, Thomas Smith opened the first provincial bank in Nottingham.
During 1694 the Bank of England was founded.
The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland was established by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland on 17 July 1695, the Act for erecting a Bank in Scotland, opening for business in February 1696. Although established soon after the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland was a very different institution. Where the Bank of England was established specifically to finance defence spending by the English government, the Bank of Scotland was established by the Scottish government to support Scottish business, and was prohibited from lending to the government without parliamentary approval. The founding Act granted the bank a monopoly on public banking in Scotland for 21 years, permitted the bank's directors to raise a nominal capital of £1,200,000 Pound Scots (£100,000 Pound Sterling), gave the Proprietors (shareholders) limited liability, and in the final clause (repealed only in 1920) made all foreign-born Proprietors naturalised Scotsmen "to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever". John Holland an Englishman was one of the bank's founders. Its first chief accountant was George Watson.
18th century.
During this period, services offered by banks increased. Clearing facilities, security investments and overdraft protections were introduced. An Act of Parliament in 1708 restricted banks with more than six partners from issuing bank notes. This had the effect of keeping private banks as small partnerships. Joint stock investment companies were already well established, but joint stock banks did not become well established until the following century.
The Industrial Revolution and growing international trade increased the number of banks, especially in London. These new "merchant banks" facilitated trade growth, profiting from England's emerging dominance in seaborne shipping. Two immigrant families, Rothschild and Baring, established merchant banking firms in London in the late 18th century and came to dominate world banking in the next century.
Many merchant banks were also established outside of London, especially in growing industrial and port cities like Manchester, Birmingham, Newcastle and Liverpool. By 1784, there were more than 100 provincial banks. The industrialist turned banker could assist his own industry since he not only provided a local means of payment, but also accepted deposits. Here we have a parallel with the early goldsmith banking.
A great impetus to country banking came in 1797 when, with England threatened by war, the Bank of England suspended cash payments. A handful of Frenchmen landed in Pembrokeshire, causing a panic. Shortly after this incident, Parliament authorised the Bank of England and country bankers to issue notes of low denomination.
19th century.
On 23 October 1826 a new joint stock bank, Lancaster Banking Company, was formed. However earlier that year the Bristol Old bank had converted from a private to a joint stock bank, making it the first joint stock bank. This was quickly followed by other institutions such as the Manchester & Liverpool District Banking Company and the National Provincial Bank. The National Provincial was the first bank to be considered a truly national bank with twenty branches across England and Wales.
In 1844 the government introduced the Bank Charter Act to regulate the issuing of bank notes. Two banking collapses, one in 1866 and another in 1878 caused significant reputation damage but in consequence record keeping and accounting improved. The resulting new organisations became huge bureaucracies with a board of directors, general manager, secretary and an army of accounting clerks.
In 1896 twenty smaller private banks formed a new joint-stock bank. 
The leading partners of the new bank, which was named "Barclay and Company", were already connected by a web of family, business and religious relationships. The company became known as the Quaker Bank, because this was the family tradition of the founding families. This bank eventually became Barclays PLC.
20th century.
With the outbreak of war banking flourished and the so-called ‘’Big Five’’ commenced a series of takeovers and mergers. These banks, Westminster, National Provincial, Barclays, Lloyds and Midland were eventually reined in by government control.
Between the wars, there was a decline to match the general depression of the time. But the banks fought back by taking action to recruit less wealthy customers and by introducing small saving schemes.
It would take until 1950 for real recovery where there was a huge increase in provincial branch offices and the emergence of the high street bank. Relaxation of some controls over mergers and acquisitions led to consolidation in the 1960s in which the "Big Five" became the "Big Four", along with the takeover of several regional banks (Martins, District Bank, National Bank, Glyn Mills and William Deacons). At the same time the government launched a new banking service, the National Girobank. In 1976 the Banking Act increased the supervisory role of the Bank of England.
Introduction of computing, credit cards and many new services continued to drive the expansion of banks and as deregulation was introduced competitiveness increased. Banks improved services, refurbished antiquated premises and brought in further technology such as ATM.
21st century.
Currently banks in the United Kingdom have refined their services with most offering very similar services being distinguished only by offering different interest rates. Indeed a very recent trend has been to not advertise interest rates as this avoids the banks having to offer such advertised rates to at least 60% of their customers.
In 2006 the Office of Fair Trading found that the banks were exploiting penalty bank charges on credit cards and has suggested that banks restrict such penalty to a maximum of 12 UK pounds. Penalty charges or Liquidated damages are illegal in UK contract law unless they represent the real cost of a breach of contract incurred through an unauthorised overdraft level or bounced cheque.
This ruling by the OFT had been extended by many customers to their personal bank accounts and subsequently the UK small claims court system was flooded with cases of customers reclaiming these ‘illegal’ penalties. It had been reported that nearly 1.8 million template letters to take the banks to court had been downloaded from the website MoneySavingExpert.com. In October 2009 the Supreme Court overturned previous rulings allowing the OFT to investigate overdraft charges, bringing to an end such claims. Although initially the OFT said it would look at other ways to pursue the matter in November that year it decided not to continue with further action.
Heads of major British banks met with the governor of the Bank of England following days of market pressure on lenders' stocks. The Bank of England told after the 20 March 2008-meeting that participants had "agreed to continue their close dialogue with the objective of restoring more orderly market conditions."[http://edition.cnn.com/2008/BUSINESS/03/20/uk.banks.ap/index.html]
As of 11 October 2008, the British banks have short-term liabilities equal to 156% of the British GDP or 368% of the British national debt, while the average leverage ratio (assets/networth) is 24 to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="6009987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009987" title="Dell Demps">
Dell Demps

Dell Demps (born February 12, 1970) is a retired American professional basketball player and current general manager of the New Orleans Pelicans. A 6'3" guard from the University of the Pacific, Demps played for the Golden State Warriors, San Antonio Spurs, and Orlando Magic, despite being undrafted. Born in Long Beach, California, Demps played high school basketball for Mt. Eden High School in Hayward, California.
Demps also played for the Pepsi franchise of the Philippine Basketball Association.
Children: Jourdan Johnson Demps; Tre Demps and Riley Demps
Spouse: Anita Demps

</doc>
<doc id="6009996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009996" title="List of BattleTech games">
List of BattleTech games

The "BattleTech" wargaming franchise includes many authorized titles in various genres, including tabletop wargames, roleplaying games, collectible card games and video and computer games.
Video and computer games.
Multiplayer online games.
Asterisks denote titles not officially sanctioned or associated with the franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="6009998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6009998" title="Northern Sunrise County">
Northern Sunrise County

Northern Sunrise County is a municipal district in northern Alberta, Canada. Located in Census Division 17, its municipal office is located east of the Town of Peace River at the intersection of Highway 2 and Highway 688. 
History.
On July 10, 2002, the name changed from "Municipal District of East Peace No. 131" to Northern Sunrise County.
Demographics.
Northern Sunrise County's 2013 municipal census counted a population of 1,933, a change from its 2011 municipal census population of 2,133. A shadow population count also occurred at the same time as its 2013 municipal census, which counted an additional non-permanent population of 592 for a combined 2013 population of 2,525.
In the 2011 Census, Northern Sunrise County had a population of 1,791 living in 690 of its 750 total dwellings, a 2.5% change from its 2006 population of 1,747. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
In 2006, Northern Sunrise County had a population of 1,747 living in 696 dwellings, a -17.7% increase from 2001. The municipal district has a land area of and a population density of .
In 2001, Northern Sunrise County had a population of 2,123 in 770 dwellings, a 6.2% decrease from 1996. On a surface of 21,178.29 km² it had a density of 0.1 inhabitants/km².
Communities and localities.
The following communities are located within Northern Sunrise County:
The following localities are located within Northern Sunrise County:
Government.
Northern Sunrise County has six councilors, one for each of the following wards:
The reeve is appointed from among the elected councilors.

</doc>
<doc id="6010000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010000" title="Cyrtochiloides">
Cyrtochiloides

Cyrtochiloides, a genus of orchids created in 2001 by Norris H. Williams and Mark W. Chase, is designed to provide a small group of Neotropical epiphytes, previously included under a broad concept of Oncidium Sw., with a new, more accurate identity based on DNA. 
"Cyrtochiloides" is akin to the mainly South American Cyrtochilum Kunth, a genus described in 1815. After having found its species scattered in Oncidium and several other genera, recently Cyrtochilum received notable acceptance by botanists, primarily based on the molecular discoveries made by Williams and Chase, as well as morphological analyses carried out by Stig Dalström. 
DNA samples illustrate that Oncidium ochmatochilum Rchb.f. and several other species have only a diluted concection with the core of the Oncidium species. This new genus forms part of a well-supported clade including Otoglossum (Schltr.) Garay & Dunsterville, Cyrtochilum, the Andean group of Caucaea Schltr. (also previously retained under Oncidium as the section Cucullata), and Miltoniopsis God.-Leb.
Species.
This genus has not been accepted yet by The International Orchid Register of the Royal Horticultural Society (horticultural abbreviation : Crt).
This genus is accepted according to database World Checklist of Monocotyledons of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.

</doc>
<doc id="6010020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010020" title="Nick Phillips (cricketer)">
Nick Phillips (cricketer)

Nicholas Charles Phillips (born 10 May 1974) is a former English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm offbreak bowler. He played first-class cricket between 1993 and 2003 for Sussex and Durham in a career that lasted ten years. He played Twenty20 cricket in 2003, before joining Northumberland in 2005 in the Minor Counties Championship.
Phillips also played extensively for the Durham and Sussex Second XI's, particularly in representing them throughout Second XI trophies of the 90s and early 2000s. He had previously played two youth Test Matches for England Under-19s against the West Indian Under-19s in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="6010025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010025" title="Spot-crowned woodcreeper">
Spot-crowned woodcreeper

The spot-crowned woodcreeper ("Lepidocolaptes affinis"), is a passerine bird which breeds in the tropical New World from central Mexico in the east, the Sierra Madre Orientals, to northern Panama.
This woodcreeper is found in mountains from 1000 m to the timberline in mossy, epiphyte-laden forest and adjacent semi-open woodland and clearings. It builds a leaf-lined nest 0.6 to 8 m up in a tree cavity or old woodpecker or barbet hole, and lays two white eggs.
The spot-crowned woodcreeper is typically 21.5 cm long, and weighs 35 g. It has a spotted crown, olive brown upperparts with fine streaking on the upper back, a chestnut rump, wings and tail, and heavily streaked olive-brown underparts. The bill is slender and decurved. Young birds are duller with less distinct streaking and crown spots.
Spot-crowned woodcreeper is very similar to Streak-headed Woodcreeper, "Lepidocolaptes souleyetii", but is larger, has a spotted crown, and is the only woodcreeper found at high altitudes.
Spot-crowned woodcreeper feeds on spiders and insects, creeping up trunks and extracting its prey from the bark or mosses. It will join mixed-species feeding flocks.
The call is a squeaky "deeik" and the song is a trill and rattle "deeeeeeah hihihihihi".

</doc>
<doc id="6010040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010040" title="Anaspididae">
Anaspididae

Anaspididae is a family of freshwater crustacean that is endemic to Tasmania, Australia. The family contains 3 genera and 5 species. This group of crustaceans are considered living fossils. They are commonly and collectively known as the Tasmanian anaspid crustaceans. Anaspidids have stalked eyes, long antennae and antennules, and a slender body with no carapace. The two species of "Allanaspides" and the single species of "Paranaspides" are all listed as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List.

</doc>
<doc id="6010067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010067" title="Wayne Cooper (basketball)">
Wayne Cooper (basketball)

Artis Wayne Cooper (born November 16, 1956) is a retired American professional basketball player. He was born in Milan, Georgia.
Cooper was selected by the Golden State Warriors in the 2nd round (40th overall) of the 1978 NBA Draft. A 6 ft 10 in (2.1 m) forward-center from the University of New Orleans, Cooper played in 14 NBA seasons from 1978 to 1992. He played for the Warriors, Utah Jazz, Dallas Mavericks, Portland Trail Blazers and Denver Nuggets.
In his NBA career, Cooper played in 984 games and scored a total of 7,777 points. His best season as a professional came during the 1985-86 NBA season as a member of the Nuggets, appearing in 78 games and averaging 13.1 ppg.

</doc>
<doc id="6010073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010073" title="Georgia Pacific (Standardbred racehorse)">
Georgia Pacific (Standardbred racehorse)

Georgia Pacific is a dark bay Standardbred race horse. The gelded horse was foaled on April 13, 2001 from the parents of Western Hanover and Armbro Savannah. He has been trained by Randy Bendis and driven by Tony Hall. He races at The Meadows Racetrack and Casino in Meadow Lands, PA.
Life before racing.
Georgia Pacific was purchased by Randy Bendis for $32,000 at the Tattersalls sale. Bendis couldn’t be at the sale himself to see the colt so he sent Doug Snyder to take a look at the horse. Snyder said that he was one of the Westerns that needed to become a gelding.
Racing career.
Age 2.
In his early 2 year old races, the gelding finished second in his first Meadows baby race on June 5, 2003, Georgia Pacific reeled off three straight wins, capped off by a victory in a $20,474 Sire Stakes event on July 5, 2003. Georgia Pacific was scratched sick from his next start, but came back on August 9, 2003 for the $19,296 Arden Downs, but was roughed up from post 9 and managed only 5th. Two weeks later he won a Sires Stakes event at Pocono Downs in 1:54:3, and was second in his next PA stake at The Meadows after cutting the mile on September 5, 2003. On September 15, 2003 he rebounded to win the PA All Stars at Pocono Downs in his freshman record at 1:53.
With A break in state-bred action, Bendis opted to send his charge to The Red Mile for a pair of late-closers during Grand Circuit week. Georgia Pacific ended his freshman season finishing second in both the October 11, 2003 Keystone Classic and the October 18, 2003 PA Sires Stake final. The colt showed no sign of soreness or sourness.
Age 3.
Bendis began 2004 early with a pair of March qualifiers for Georgia Pacific at The Meadows. He was high enough on the colt, however, to race him not in PA, but under the bright lights of The Meadowlands. While Bendis handled training duties at home, second trainer Dave Teed took charge of the stables’ great bay hope.
Georgia Pacific’s first test came in the Robert Suslow Memorial series where, paired with Dave Miller, the pacer was second in the first leg. He and Ron Pierce managed second as well in the second leg. For the final, however, the gelding was matched with a familiar driver, long-time Meadows reinsman Brian Sears. After finishing third in the Suslow final, Sears steered Georgia Pacific to a second place finish from post 8 in the elimination for the Berry’s Creek, before a tough overland journey from post 9 in the final netted them a disappointing fourth-place finish. Georgia Pacific headed next for Windsor Raceway where he drew post 2 in the eliminations for the Provincial Cup, and won going away in 1:52:1. A week later, from post 5, he could fare only fifth-placed-fourth behind Quick Pulse Mindale in the final.
A year to the day after making his first lifetime start, Georgia Pacific was at Mohawk Racetrack for the $74,000 Burlington, where he again drew the outside with post 8, but this time avoided any racing problems. Sears steered the colt to beat Mantacular to the wire in a lifetime best 1:49:4. The gelding solidified that opinion a week later when, from post 8 at Woodbine, he was again in front at the wire in winning his North America Cup elimination in 1:49:4. And since Woodbine began last season allowing elimination winners to pick their post position for the final, Bendis was, for the first time, assured his pacer would have a good gate spot for the final.
Going into the $1,189,535 North America Cup final on June 19, 2004 Georgia Pacific had the post he wanted, his regular driver, and was made the betting favorite off his strong performance of the week before. Unexpectedly right off the gate Ritchie Silverman, with a 55-1 shot Village Hero N, shot for the lead from post 5, parking Metropolitan in second, Rogue Hall in 3rd, and Georgia Pacific in sixth. Rogue Hall had the lead past the half, with Georgia Pacific parked without cover, and Mantacular sitting on his back second-over. At the three-quarters Georgia Pacific was still on the outside, and though he reached third in the stretch, he was no match for a fresher Mantacular who swung off his back and won by a head in 1:51:2. Georgia Pacific ended up a fifth, a length back. 
Georgia Pacific next headed west to Balmoral Park, where he was matched with new driver Andy Ray Miller. The gelding won his elimination for the American-National in 1:49:4 and was sent to the final as the favorite over hometown hero Quick Pulse Mindale. However, at about noon that day, it began to rain in Illinois. It rained right through the card and Georgia Pacific went postward on a sloppy track. He was again parked the whole mile and ended up fifth in Quick Pulse Mindale’s 1:51:4 effort. Thereafter, the pacer headed east again, this time for the Meadowlands Pace, where he was third in his elimination behind Circle L Kid, and drew post 3 for the July 17, 2004 final. Bendis was hopeful yet again. And again, he was disappointed. 
Georgia Pacific spent the rest of July vacationing at home in Pennsylvania. After a qualifier on July 30, 2004 at The Meadows, Bendis sent what he hoped was a fresher competitor back to The Meadowlands for the last stakes race of the meet, the Oliver Wendell Holmes on closing day. Leaving from posy 6, Sears wasted no time sending the pacer for the lead. Georgia Pacific was nearly two lengths in front of Driven to Win when he hit the wire in 1:49:1. Next up for Georgia Pacific was a race near and dear to the Bendis stable, the Adios at The Meadows, which Bendis described as “the biggest race right in our own backyard.” Though the trainer was worried about sending the gelding out for two heats, the chance to win the Adios was too great to pass up. In that race, Georgia Pacific went straight for the lead from post 7 and did not look back, winning the first heat over Driven to Win and Western Terror in 1:50. Though Timesareachanging was two lengths better at the wire the final, with Georgia Pacific second, Bendis still considers the first-heat win the “biggest thrill” of his racing career.
After a week break, Georgia Pacific gave the hometown crowd another thrill when he used a Meadows preferred event as a sharpener, winning in 1:49:4, a track record.

</doc>
<doc id="6010082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010082" title="Antonio Chimenti">
Antonio Chimenti

Antonio Chimenti (born 30 June 1970 in Bari) is a retired Italian football goalkeeper.
Club career.
S.S. Sambenedettese Calcio.
Chimenti began his career in the youth academy of S.S. Sambenedettese Calcio. In 1988, he was promoted to the first team. After two more seasons spent in Sambenedettese in Serie C1 and then Serie C2, he was loaned out to Tempio in the Serie C2 as well. With Tempio he managed 35 appearances as the club's starting goalkeeper. For the 1992–93 season, Chimenti was loaned out to AC Monza Brianza who played in the Serie B. Following just 4 appearances with the club, he returned to Sambenedettese for the 1993–94 season, but was sold simultaneously to Salernitana Calcio. With Sambenedettese, Chimenti made just five first team appearances.
Salernitana Calcio.
In August 1993, Chimenti was sold permanently to Napoli based club, Salernitana Calcio. In his first season with Salernitana, Chimenti appeared 27 times, helping lead his team to promotion to the Serie B, from the Serie C1. During the next three seasons, Salernitana remained in Serie B, with Chimenti totaling 110 additional appearances. Following his good form, he was scouted by Franco Sensi of Serie A club, AS Roma.
AS Roma.
In the summer of 1997, Chimenti transferred to Serie A side AS Roma, following his good form in Salerno. On 21 September 1997, Chimenti made his Serie A debut with the capital club, in a match Roma won 3–1 versus US Lecce. He obtained 7 more appearances that season, and during his second season with the club, Chimenti appeared on a more regular bases, making 24 Serie A starts and hence totaling 32 appearances in two years with AS Roma. Following his spell in the "Eternal City", Chimenti transferred to fellow Serie A club, US Lecce.
US Lecce.
In 1999 he transferred to US Lecce on a three-year deal. He was instantly inserted into the club's starting line-up and made 33 appearances for his new club, in his first season. He appeared an additional 34 times during 2000–2001 Serie A campaign, and totaled 31 appeances the following season. After displaying decent form with the club, in his three-year spell, Chimenti transferred to Serie A, and European powerhouse, Juventus FC.
Juventus.
During the 2002 sumer transfer market, Chimenti was purchased by Juventus FC, to serve as a back-up for the world's number one ranked goalkeeper, and Italian International, Gianluigi Buffon. In his first season with the Torino based club, Chimenti made 4 Serie A appearances, and would back that up with 2 more appearances the following season in the league. During the 2004–2005 Serie A season, Chimenti was again limited to just 2 appearances. For the 2005–2006 Serie A season, Buffon suffered a major injury during pre-season, and was set to miss up to 4 months of action. It seemed as though Chimenti was set to fill in for "Gigi", however, in the latter portions of the 2005 summer transfer window, Juventus obtained the loan of Christian Abbiati from AC Milan, as the club looked for a more reliable first choice keeper. Buffon returned to action in late November, but after just one game, he was struck with injury again, and Abbiati returned to the line-up. After another disappointing season on the Juventus bench, and just 4 additional appearances, the veteran, Chimenti, transferred to Cagliari Calcio on a two-year deal in January 2006. Despite having six months in his Juventus contract left, Chimenti moved to Cagliari on a free transfer.
Cagliari Calcio.
After his Bosman transfer to Cagliari Calcio, from Juventus, Chimenti was back in the starting eleven of Serie A football. He was the starter for the Sardinian club for the remainder of the season, making 21 appearances. In his second season with the club, Chimenti made an additional 22 appearances, totaling 43 appearances in a season and a half. In June 2007, Chimenti's contract was not renewed and he became a free agent.
Udinese Calcio.
On 29 June 2007, Chimenti signed a one-year deal with Udinese Calcio, again on a free transfer. He was signed by the club to serve as an experienced reserve to Samir Handanovic. During his lone season in Udine, he made three appearances in the 2007–2008 Serie A season.
Return to Juventus.
On 19 July 2008, at 38 years old, Chimenti surprisingly returned to wear "I Bianconeri's" jersey in Torino. He originally signed on a season long loan deal in exchange for Emanuele Belardi, who moved in the opposite direction on the same terms. Just weeks after his arrival, Juventus also purchased Austrian International keeper, Alexander Manninger, hence Chimenti became the third choice goalkeeper at Juventus for the 2008–2009 Serie A season.
In January 2009, Chimenti transferred to Juventus on a permanent basis while Belardi did the same for Udinese. He failed to make an official appearance for the club that season, but on 14 March 2010, Chimenti was part of the starting eleven in the match against AC Siena, his first game with the club since his return. Juve failed to secure the victory though, as the match ended 3–3.
Chimenti also started the next two games for Juventus against Fulham in the UEFA Europa League, and UC Sampdoria in Serie A.
Personal.
Chimenti's father Francesco and uncle Vito, were both also footballers.

</doc>
<doc id="6010110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010110" title="Randy Allen (basketball)">
Randy Allen (basketball)

James Randall (Randy) Allen (born January 26, 1965 in Milton, Florida) is a retired American professional basketball player. 
A forward from Florida State University, Allen was never drafted by an NBA team but did manage to play two years in the league from 1988 to 1990 with the Sacramento Kings. In his NBA career, Allen played in 70 games and scored a total of 252 points.

</doc>
<doc id="6010113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010113" title="Dustin Moseley">
Dustin Moseley

Dustin Aaron Moseley (born December 26, 1981) is an American Major League Baseball pitcher, who is currently a free agent.
Career.
Moseley was selected by the Cincinnati Reds in the first round (34th overall) of the 2000 Major League Baseball Draft. Prior to the season, he was ranked by Baseball America as the fourth best prospect in the Reds' organization. Moseley was traded to the Angels' organization in for pitcher Ramón Ortiz in 2004.
Los Angeles Angels Of Anaheim.
Moseley won his first game as the starting pitcher for the Angels in his Major League Baseball debut on July 17, 2006. With injuries to key starters Bartolo Colón and Jered Weaver, Moseley began the 2007 season in the Angels starting rotation. After the return of Jered Weaver, he was moved to the bullpen in middle relief.
Moseley had surgery to repair an ulnar nerve following the 2007 season. He had hip surgery during 2009 season.
Moseley became a free agent after the 2009 season. 
New York Yankees.
In 2010, Moseley was a non-roster invitee to spring training with the New York Yankees. He began the season with the Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees. On July 2, 2010, he was called up to the Yankees. He was inserted in the Yankees' starting rotation, while Andy Pettitte was on the disabled list. He was non-tendered after the season.
San Diego Padres.
After the 2010 season, Moseley signed a one year contract with the San Diego Padres. He struggled during the season partly due to a lack of run support. On July 26, he disclocated his left shoulder after getting a base hit, which ended his season with a 3-10 record and 3.30 ERA (a career best) in 120 innings. On May 7, 2012, Moseley was again placed on the disabled list due to labrum damage in his right shoulder.
After making only 1 start in 2012, Moseley elected free agency after clearing outright waivers. Moseley was a non-tender candidate by the Padres.
Pitching repertoire.
Moseley relies primarily on an 89-90 mile per hour four-seam fastball, and also throws a curveball and a changeup.

</doc>
<doc id="6010116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010116" title="Tony Anthony (actor)">
Tony Anthony (actor)

Tony Anthony (born Roger Pettito; October 16, 1937) is an American actor, producer, director, and screenwriter, best known for his starring roles in spaghetti westerns. In the early 1980s, Anthony wrote, produced and starred in "Comin' at Ya!" (1981) and "Treasure of the Four Crowns" (1983), the first film being largely credited with the short-lived revival of Hollywood 3-D action films.
Early career.
Anthony was born Roger Pettito in Clarksburg, West Virginia. With his friend Saul Swimmer directing, Anthony and Peter Gayle produced the half-hour children's short "The Boy Who Owned a Melephant" (1959), narrated by actress Tallulah Bankhead. The three men would become his frequent collaborators. The film won a Gold Leaf award at the Venice International Children's Film Festival. Following that short, Anthony and Swimmer co-wrote the Swimmer-directed independent features "Force of Impulse" (1961), a Romeo and Juliet story about a high school football player who turns to robbery, filmed in Miami Beach, Florida, and "Without Each Other" (1962). Anthony then moved to Italy to film "Wounds of Hunger", which he co-wrote, and "La ragazza in prestito". Swimmer had moved to England, where he befriended Allen Klein.
Spaghetti westerns.
Anthony was in Europe when Sergio Leone's Westerns were setting box office records but had not yet been released in America. Anthony contacted Klein, then a major MGM stockholder, about co-financing a spaghetti western he was in with Klein and Anthony both putting up $20,000 US. The film Klein produced was the spaghetti western "A Stranger in Town" or "Un Dollaro tra i Denti", starring Anthony as the Stranger, a shotgun-wielding antihero who helps a group of Mexican bandits steal gold from the US Army and Federales, and then steals it right back from them. Released by MGM to compete with the United Artists Clint Eastwood the Man with No Name film series, it became a surprise success, and spawned three sequels in which Anthony reprised his role.
With these films, some felt Anthony's persona was not the typical tough spaghetti western hero; the Stranger was vulnerable and sneaky, with a sardonic sense of humor. Anthony recalled that director Luigi Vanzi constantly described the character to him as "a bad guy but you do good in spite of yourself. You're not Gary Cooper. You're not John Wayne. You're not the 'tall in the saddle' cowboy. You're the street guy. The audience can identify with you because you look like the guy that goes into movie theaters and says 'Well I could be like him'." Anthony himself described the Stranger as "a dirty coal-mining cowboy". The second Stranger film, "The Stranger Returns" (also known as or "Un Uomo, un cavallo, una Pistola" and "A Man, a Horse, a Gun") that had a golden stagecoach as its MacGuffin and a Stelvio Cipriani score that had several cover versions by various orchestras. Anthony's willingness to experiment with the genre resulted in the third series entry, "A Stranger in Japan" or "Lo Straniero di Silenzio" or "The Silent Stranger" with another Cipriani score. Considered by some the first "East-meets-West western", predating "Red Sun" by three years, its release was delayed for seven years in the US due to a dispute with MGM, and never received a European release at all. Anthony later declared the film his best and lamented the cuts that MGM made to it.
His next film was "Blindman", a spaghetti-western variation on the Zatoichi series and, unlike other Zapata Westerns, featured the Federales winning at the end. Anthony played a blind gunslinger hired to escort 50 mail-order brides to their husbands. By that time, Klein had become the manager of the Beatles, and Swimmer had directed many of their music videos and concert films. Both were producers on "Blindman", and their presence led to Ringo Starr accepting a supporting role as one of the bandits. Starr would produce Anthony's next film, which Swimmer would direct: a semi-autobiographical road movie called "Cometogether". In this film, Anthony plays an American stuntman working on spaghetti westerns in Rome. The film contains behind the scenes-footage of a spaghetti western being shot.
In 1976, long after the heyday of the genre, Anthony starred as the Stranger for a fourth time in "Get Mean" produced by Ron Schneider. A bizarre film that can barely be considered a western at all, it instead takes place in Spain, where the Stranger has to battle invading Vikings and Moors after escorting a princess there. It failed to find a wide audience.
3-D years.
In 1981, Anthony returned to the spaghetti well for "Comin' at Ya!", a 3-D Western he wrote, produced, and starred in. In order for the film to receive a wide release, Anthony designed a low-cost projection lens which was cheaper than conventional 3-D lenses.
Anthony would star in one more 3-D film, "Treasure of the Four Crowns". Anthony next announced a 3-D science-fiction movie called "Seeing is Believing", but with the 3-D craze over, it could not find a financier and was never made.
Later career.
Anthony's last acting role was in "Treasure of the Four Crowns". He went on to occasionally produce films, such as "Wild Orchid" and the spaghetti-western throwback "Dollar for the Dead", and ran an optical equipment company that he said sold an estimated $1 million worth of lenses up to the release of "Jaws 3-D" in 1983.
In late August 2009, Anthony announced he had taken the "over and under 3-D" format of "Comin' At Ya!" and converted it to "digital 3-D" as a part of the film's reissue. Following an exhibition at Fantastic Fest in Austin, Texas on September 25, 2011, the film was restored and digitalized for a 30th anniversary theatrical re-release and played in theaters throughout Texas starting on February 24, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6010135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010135" title="Balochistan Liberation Army">
Balochistan Liberation Army

The Balochistan Liberation Army (also Baloch Liberation Army, Balochistan Liberation Army or BLA) is a Terrorist organisation based in Balochistan, a mountainous region of western Pakistan. The Baloch Liberation Army became publicly known during the summer of 2000, after it claimed credit for a series of bombing attacks on Pakistani authorities.
The group is currently headed by Hyrbyair Marri and has an estimated strength of 500 militants.
History.
BLA (Balochistan Liberation Army), the brainchild of KGB that was built around the core of BSO (Baloch Students Organization). BSO was a group of assorted left-wing students in Quetta and some other cities of Balochistan. Misha and Sasha (former KGB agent) can be considered among the architects of the original BLA. The BLA remained active during the Russo-Afghan war and then it disappeared from the surface, mostly because its main source of funding – the Soviet Union – disappeared from the scene.
On 10 February 1973, Pakistani police and paramilitary raided the Iraqi embassy in Islamabad without prior permission of the Iraqi government, during which a large cache of small arms, ammunition, grenades and other supplies were found in crates marked 'Foreign Ministry, Baghdad'. The ammunition and weaponry was believed to be destined for Baloch rebels. Pakistan responded by expelling and declaring persona non grata the Iraqi Ambassador Hikmat Sulaiman and other consular staff. In a letter to President Nixon on February 14, Bhutto blamed India and Afghanistan, besides Iraq and the Soviet Union, for involvement in a “conspiracy … subversive and irredentist elements which seek to disrupt Pakistan’s integrity”
Wright-Neville writes that besides Pakistan, some Western observers also believe that India secretly funds the Balochistan Liberation Army (BLA). In August 2013 US Special Representative James Dobbins said Pakistan's fears over India's role in afghanistan are “not groundless. Defence Secretary and former Senator Chuck Hagel said "India for some time has always used Afghanistan as a second front, and India has over the years financed problems for Pakistan on that side of the border".
Foreign Involvement.
Indian.
Pakistani Government and ISI have accused Indian consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad, Afghanistan, for providing arms, training and financial aid to the BLA in an attempt to destabilize Pakistan
Israeli.
CIA memos reveal in 2007 and 2008 Israel agents posed as as American spies and recruited Pakistani Citizens to work for Jundallah (BLA affiliate) and carry out false flag operations against Iran.
Designation as a terrorist organisation.
Balochistan Liberation Army was declared a terrorist organisation in Pakistan in April 2006, after a series of attacks conducted by the group targeting security personnel, civilians and journalists. On 17 July 2006, the government of the United Kingdom listed the BLA as a "proscribed group" based on the Terrorism Act 2000. The group's actions have been described as terrorism by the United States Department of State; BLA has also been declared as a terrorist organization by US & EU. There are allegations on Indian government's funding BLA for hostilities in Pakistan.
Claimed attacks.
Quaid-e-Azam Residency.
The Quaid-e-Azam Residency, a historical residence in Balochistan where Muhammad Ali Jinnah spent the last days of his life, was attacked by rockets on 15 June 2013. The building was nearly demolished as a result of the attack. Militants belonging to the Balochistan Liberation Army claimed responsibility. The militants also removed the flag of Pakistan from the monument site, replacing it with a BLA flag. There is a serious rage amongst the local population against BLA for this act and a strong demand for a complete ban on such millitant organizations.
December 14, 2005: BLA combatants launched six rockets at a paramilitary camp in Kohlu that then Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was visiting. Though Musharraf’s life was never in any real danger, the Pakistani government labeled the attack an attempt on his life, and initiated a sweeping army operation in the Kohlu district of Balochistan. (0 killed, 0 wounded).
June 14, 2009: Masked gunmen shot dead Anwar Baig, a school teacher in Kalat. Baig had opposed recitation of the Baloch anthem in schools. This killing was part of a larger campaign against educators who were seen to be sympathetic to the Pakistani state. (1 killed, 0 wounded).
July 30, 2009: BLA attackers kidnapped 19 Pakistani police personnel in Sui, killed one and injured 16. Over the course of 3 weeks all but one of the kidnapped police were killed by their captors. (19 killed, 16 wounded).
August 14, 2010: BLA militants killed 6 Punjabi laborers and wounded other while they were on their way home from work. The workers were targeted because they were Punjabi and, under BLA interpretation of events, are taking part in economic colonization of Balochistan. (6 killed, 3 wounded).
November 22, 2011: BLA insurgents attacked government security personnel who were guarding a private coal mine in the northern Musakhel district. (14 killed, 10 wounded).
December 31, 2011: BLA militants placed a car bomb outside the house of a former minister of state Mir Naseer Mengal. (13 killed, 30 wounded).

</doc>
<doc id="6010140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010140" title="Ann Wolf">
Ann Wolf

Ann Wolf (or similar) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6010143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010143" title="Engaeus">
Engaeus

Engaeus is a genus of freshwater crayfish found in Australia. Fifteen of the 35 species in the genus occur in Tasmania, where they are known as the "Tasmanian land crayfish". The behaviour of these crayfish is notable as they live in burrows and construct large "chimneys" at the opening.
All of the 35 species of "Engaeus" have been assessed for the IUCN Red List:

</doc>
<doc id="6010149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010149" title="Désiré van Monckhoven">
Désiré van Monckhoven

Désiré Charles Emanuel van Monckhoven (1834–1882) was a Belgian chemist, physicist, and photographic researcher. He was also an inventor and author. He wrote several of the earliest books on photography and photographic optics. His original French works were later translated to English and other languages.
He invented or developed an enlarger (1864), a dry collodion process (1871), improvements of the carbon print process (1875–80), and improved silver-bromide gelatine emulsions.

</doc>
<doc id="6010157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010157" title="Andrew Pratt">
Andrew Pratt

Andrew Pratt (born March 4, 1975) is a former English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and a wicket-keeper for his team Durham for the seven years in which he played for them at first-class level.
Pratt ventured briefly into Twenty20 cricket in 2004, participating in the 2004 Twenty20 cup for Durham. He played in the Second XI championship in 2005 for Durham's second string side, thus going full-circle with his career, having originally played with Marylebone's Second XI along with his elder brother Neil. His other brother, the younger Gary has played cricket since 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="6010164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010164" title="Peckman River">
Peckman River

The Peckman River is a tributary of the Passaic River in Essex and Passaic Counties, New Jersey in the United States.
The Peckman River originates in the township of West Orange and flows northeasterly through the townships of Verona, Cedar Grove and Little Falls to its confluence with the Passaic River in the borough of Woodland Park (formerly West Paterson).
Flooding.
Extensive development in the Passaic River Basin has resulted in flood damages and ecosystem degradation. The Basin experiences frequent flooding from intense thunderstorms and heavy rainfall. These storms can deposit large amounts of precipitation in the watershed, producing significant runoff, which quickly surpasses the capacity of the river channel, and bridge and culvert openings. Significant degradation of the ecology of the Basin has occurred as a result of extensive erosion at specific locations along the river. The current state of the river ecosystem reflects the type of long-term degradation often associated with heavily urbanized watersheds. The development of the watershed has reduced the water-holding capacity of the landscape and altered the natural flow dynamics within the river system. As a result, the habitat suitability and ecological complexity of the river have been moderately impaired.
Devil's hole is the deepest point in the Peckman river.

</doc>
<doc id="6010189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010189" title="Susan Dalian">
Susan Dalian

Susan Patterson Dalian (born September 15, 1968) is an American voice actress and film actress who is primarily well known among many anime fans as the voice of Haku in Naruto. She is also the voice of Storm in Wolverine and the X-Men and in .

</doc>
<doc id="6010203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010203" title="Olmsted Point">
Olmsted Point

Olmsted Point, located in Yosemite National Park, is a viewing area off of the Tioga Road which offers a view into Tenaya Canyon. This view looks southwest into the valley, giving, in particular, a view of the northern side of Half Dome and a view of Tenaya Lake to the east.
The site is named after landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="6010215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010215" title="Get Off of My Cloud">
Get Off of My Cloud

"Get Off of My Cloud" is a song by the English rock band The Rolling Stones. It was written as a follow-up single to the successful "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction". The song topped the charts in the United States and the United Kingdom in the weeks following its release in November 1965.
Composition.
Written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, the song was recorded in early September 1965. The song is noted for its drum intro by Charlie Watts and twin guitars by Brian Jones and Keith Richards. The lyrics are defiant and rebellious, which was common practice for the Rolling Stones around that time; they were beginning to cultivate their infamous "bad boy" image. The Stones have said that the song is written as a reaction to their sudden popularity after the success of "Satisfaction". The song deals with their aversion to people's expectations of them.
On the song, Richards said in 1971, "I never dug it as a record. The chorus was a nice idea, but we rushed it as the follow-up. We were in L.A., and it was time for another single. But how do you follow-up "Satisfaction"? Actually, what I wanted was to do it slow like a Lee Dorsey thing. We rocked it up. I thought it was one of Andrew Loog Oldham's worst productions." In a 1995 interview with "Rolling Stone", Jagger said, "That was Keith's melody and my lyrics... It's a stop-bugging-me, post-teenage-alienation song. The grown-up world was a very ordered society in the early '60s, and I was coming out of it. America was even more ordered than anywhere else. I found it was a very restrictive society in thought and behavior and dress." In the 2003 book "According to... The Rolling Stones", Richards says: "'Get off of My Cloud' was basically a response to people knocking on our door asking us for the follow-up to 'Satisfaction'... We thought, 'At last. We can sit back and maybe think about events.' Suddenly there's the knock at the door and of course what came out of that was 'Get off of My Cloud'."
The song is in E major and is a variation on the "Louie Louie" riff: I-IV-V-IV; in this case E A B A.
Brian Jones' 12-string guitar part can only just about be heard in the mono mix of the song as it is buried under the sound of the other instrument parts. It can only be clearly heard in some, but not all, unofficial stereo remixes.
Release history of song.
The 1965 single release was a major success for the Rolling Stones. In the US, the single reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 on 6 November 1965, and remained there for two weeks. The single was included on the band's next full-length album, "December's Children (And Everybody's)", released in December, 1965. The track stayed at No. 1 in the UK Singles Chart for three weeks in November that year.
Appearances on later Stones releases include:

</doc>
<doc id="6010223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010223" title="Enfeh">
Enfeh

Enfeh(Arabic: انفه), or Enfe, Anfeh, Anfe, is a Antiochian Orthodox village in the Koura district of the North Governorate of Lebanon at Latitude 34°21'0"N and Longitude 35°44'0"E. Enfeh borders the villages of chekka, Al-Qalamoun, barghoun and zakroun. It is located 65 Kilometers north of Beirut and 15 Kilometers south of Tripoli. Its total area is 4,937,721 m2, and its population is around 6,500.
History.
Remains from at least 3,000 years of human occupation lie tangled among the myrtle and brambles of this 400 meter long and 120m wide peninsula. It is partially separated from the land by two great trenches-dug into the bedrock during the Crusader period. While Enfeh has witnessed only minor excavation, Phoenician and Roman walls, wine presses, mosaic floors, and two seventh-century-A.D. chapels lie bare beneath the intense sun and wind. This lovely seaside fishing town is known for its ancient churches and caves. Today Enfeh is also known for its salt production. Close to Enfeh is the Crusader-era Abbey of Balamand, which sits on a promontory overlooking the sea
Ancient History.
Today's village of Enfeh is built around the ruins of several short-lived cities going back to the pre-Phoenician period. Natural dwelling caves abound on the surrounding hill of "Al-Gheer"; the original city lies on a small near-island about half a kilometer into the sea. Its outstanding feature is that it is the only town throughout the eastern coast of the Mediterranean to be carved out of its rocky surroundings.
Some of the carvings go all the way back to the Phoenician period, and possibly earlier, as witness to the fact that the name of Enfeh appears in the Tell-Amarna tablets of ancient Egypt; (see letter no. 2 by Yapa-Hadda). which were sent by the governors of the coastal Canaanite cities to the Pharaohs of Egypt asking for help in repelling Amorites intruders (nomad tribes originating from the middle Euphrates region in the North). Letters written by Rib Addi, the King of Byblos, specifically mention the Canaanite city of Enfeh (called “Ampi” in the letters) and state that Enfeh, after being occupied by the Amorites, fought with the Amorites against Byblos. Enfeh was conquered by the Assyrian army in the 7th century B.C., when it was known as "Anpa".
The remains of subsequent settlements include dwelling caves, places of worship, cisterns, water tanks and wine presses, as well as steps and roads all carved in the rock. One ancient quarry, known as the Great Trench, was used by the Phoenicians as a dry dock; The Phoenicians used the place as a shipyard for the construction of their vessels as a strategic point of the mediterranean cost.
The Crusades Period.
The Enfeh peninsula was once a mighty fortress area, the Crusader castle of Nephin (enfeh), fief of the Counts of Tripoli.
The Crusader Lords of Nephin, triply safe behind the walls of Enfeh, the vast rock-cut moat which severed the peninsula from the town, and the sea-swept battlements of their citadel, soon established a reputation as robber barons, the terror of travellers between Jerusalem and Tripoli.
The town itself had a better reputation, for its wines were known and prized far and wide throughout the Latin kingdom in the 12th and 13th Centuries. Enfe entered its glory days during the Medieval era, and most of the archaeological and historical monuments that can be seentoday date from this period. Around the 13th century, Enfe was a small, fortified village surrounded by fertile fields, and it was famous for its wine production. It was one of the lordships of the county of Tripoli, governed by French provincial nobles from the Renoir family. The French Lord was eventually chased out of Enfe by the Prince of Antioch Bohemond IV, the Lord of Beirut, and the Genoese, and he took refuge in Cyprus.
Enfeh, as a cell or a hive sculptured out of the ground, is surrounded by walls and fortifications of enormous stones hauled from the nearby quarries.
In 1282, Enfe was part of one of the greatest plots that marked the end of the Crusades. The Lord of Byblos, the Genoese, and the Knights of the Temple (a secret brotherhood established during the Crusades) rose up against the Count of Tripoli Bohemond VII, but they were brutally crushed. Bohemond VII punished the Genoese by blinding them, and he buried alive the Lord of Byblos and his family in the Fort of Enfeh.
Fall of Tripoli.
In 1289 Sultan Qalawun suddenly attacked, captured and destroyed Tripoli. The knights who escaped from the burning city to the two remaining coastal castles of Batroun and Nephin (enfeh) were unable to withstand the full fury of the Mamluk army and beat a further retreat to the island kingdom of Cyprus.
Sultan Qalawun destroyed both castles so thoroughly that even the site of Batroun's citadel is lost from history.
With Nephin (Enfeh) it was a different story, for here the Crusaders had performed one of the great engineering feats of the Middle Ages. They had cut off the peninsular fortress from Enfe proper by cutting a great moat, at sea level, all the way across the peninsula, for over 100 yards, through the living rock, leaving only a small spur in the center at the south end to support the castle's drawbridge.
Old Churches.
Saydet El-Rih in Arabic, the oldest church of enfeh, was built in the Byzantine era. It is believed that sailors and fishermen from the village of Enfeh built the chapel so that the Virgin Mary would protect them as they sailed the Mediterranean. It has a vaulted nave that ends with an apse oriented toward the east. On the west side, the nave is preceded by a square vaulted room that corresponds today to the entrance of the church. This room was once part of a rectangular hall, which was part of a nursing home that used to be connected to the church. Even though the roof of the chapel has long collapsed, it still retains traces of remaining frescoes that are difficult to see. The old frescoes depict Saints George and Demitrios, the baptism of the Christ, and the Christ in His Glory with some of the evangelists. The frescoes on the south wall represent the Virgin Mary calming a storm.
The Monastery of the Watchman, dating from the Crusades period, is attached to Balamand, the monastery of the Greek Orthodox patriarchate. Deir el-Natour has an attractive interior cloister and the church has recently been decorated with paintings and frescoes executed in Byzantine style by artists from Odessa. Famous Lebanese diva Fayrouz chose Deir el-Natour in 2010, to perform her yearly chants of the holy Friday, in the scenery of its beautiful chapel and mediterranean landscape.
Built during the Crusades, it is Lebanon's only remaining Romanesque church. The Church of Saint Catherine was originally dedicated to the Holy Sepulcher. The dedication was later changed to Saint Catherine during the 17th century, when the church was restored by local inhabitants. The church is built of sandstone. It has a rectangular vaulted nave with an apse at its east end. There are two main doors, one to the west and the other to the north. A small, vaulted chamber built in the southwest corner of the church can be accessed from the inside of the nave. Another room was built over this chamber and used to be accessed by a swinging ladder. On top of these rooms was the original bell tower. The new bell tower was built in the mid-20th century in a different architectural style. There is also a funerary cave near the church of Saint Catherine, which was transformed into an oratory. It was decorated with a circle inscribed with two Greek letters (Alpha and Omega) representing the Christ.
Built next to the Church of Saint Catherine, this 18th century church was dedicated to both Saint Simeon and the Archangel Gabriel. Architectural elements typical of the 18th century can be observed in the structure, such as the jars embedded in the ceiling to reduce noise and echo inside the church.
it is the biggest and main church of the town. Its dome adds a form to the skyline of enfeh.
Mar Youhanna Al-Ma3madan in Arabic, is an ancient monastery surrounded by green landscapes and some curious rock cuttings. the site host the saint john festivals every summer.
Geography.
Climate.
Enfeh has a Mediterranean climate characterized by four notably different seasons with a moderate nice weather during spring time. Summers are mainly hot, while winters are cold and rainy.
The table below displays average monthly climate indicators in Enfeh based on 8 years of historical weather readings.
Demographics.
Its population is estimated to be around 6,500, not including the thousands of emigrant families and young individuals.
Global Emigration.
One of the many Lebanese villages where the number of inhabitants is a speck compared to the number of villagers abroad. Global emigration occurred as far back as the mid 19th century with records showing young men and families migrating to the new world mainly Australia and the Americas (North and South). The emigration continues till the present day. Some families are extinct and others are greatly reduced in number. However in the diaspora, if you visit any major city or town specially in Brazil, Argentina, Australia, Canada or the USA you will almost certainly find someone whose ancestors come from this village. During holidays specially summer many of the empty houses are joyfully cleaned and return to life with visiting families.
Religion.
Enfeh is primarily Antiochian Orthodox, and there are several historical churches and local shrines throughout the village.
Economy.
Salines.
Wide areas of enfeh and its surrounding are covered by salines. Along the length of the bay, the salt marshes add a typically pretty note to the landscape, especially with the traditional wind wheel which pumps seawater. The production of sea salt is a staple of the local economy. "White gold", as it is called, provides for an inexhaustible natural resource which can thus be extracted without endangering the environment.
Fishing.
Around 415 inhabitants practice fishing on a regular basis. The 80 full-time fishermen own their boats and maintain them. Fishing is the livelihood and main source of income for many families in Anfeh. Fishing boats have sought shelter in the natural harbor of Nhayreh in bad weather conditions.
The large terraces on Anfeh's rocky coast shelter underwater species feeding on the seaweed and attract large numbers of fish. That place also attracts many anglers willing to fill their baskets with different types of fish.
Fishing, by itself, is an art in Anfeh, inherited by its ancestors.
Agriculture.
Fruits consist mainly of: Olive trees producing quality table olives and olive oil, and Grapes (seedless and non seedless).
Tourism.
Enfe, attracts a lot of tourists, especially during summer time, for its beautiful picturesque landscape of small white houses, windmills, and salines on its rocky beaches along the mediterranean cost.
its historical monuments, old churches, and archeological site of its peninsula, make it one of the top touristic destinations of the Lebanese northern cost.
Tourist facilities.
Enfe is well equipped to receive tourists. it has a number of sea food restaurants, as well as cafes and bars. its two biggest beach resorts, Marina Del Sol and Las Salinas, are equipped with a hotel service, a number of beach bars and restaurants, and each with its own health club open all year, as well as beach studios mostly occupied by locals during summertime, and by students of nearby universities during winter.
Summer Festivals.
A number of traditional festivals take place during summer in Enfeh, like Saint John's Week (Eid Mar-Youhanna) in the first week of July, Virgin Mary's Day (Eid Al-Saydeh) on the 15th of August, and Saint Simon's Day (Eid Mar-Semaan) on 1 September. People from all over the region, mainly from el-koura, gather in town, celebrating the village traditions, with firework shows.
Education.
Enfeh is equipped with one public schools ( Gebran Makari School ). Private schools are available in the surrounding region of el-Koura, and in the nearby city of Tripoli.
The three top universities of northern Lebanon, are around 5 to 10 minutes by car, like balamand university, usek in chekka, and USJ in Al-Qalamoun.
Sports.
Hiking and swimming.
Lying between the natural harbor of Nhayreh and the archaeological peninsula, the Anfeh creek consists of an attractive rocky shore shaped as a perfect semi-circle at whose bottom lie many sandy underwater caves. It has become a haven for hikers and swimmers who are drawn to its well-preserved view and always clear water.
Many swimmers enjoy the wavy clear sea of enfeh, others prefer the olympic swimming pools that are available for practicing outdoor in summer and indoor in winter.
During the war, Lebanese national swimming championships were mostly held in las salinas and marina del sol in enfeh.
Diving.
enfeh is known for its clear water, one of the cleanest waters on the Lebanese coast, home to a wide variety of fish. the archaeological peninsula hides many secrets in its bottoms below sea level, attracting curious divers.
There are diving teaching centers in town, mainly in the beach resorts of Marina del sol and Las salinas.
Surfing.
The waves of enfeh's sea are not big enough for surfing, and its rocky shore doesn't help much.
although its mostly windy weather during summer, makes it a top destination for wind surfing. equipement rental are available in town, or can be asked at the beach resorts of Marina del sol and Las salinas.
Recently the wind of enfeh is attracting the new small kite surfing community of Lebanon, a sport that is gaining fast popularity in the region.
Arts And Culture.
Cinema.
Enfeh's mediterranenan landscape has attracted the cameras of various film directors. The town has been the set of several local movies, TV series (like "Maleh ya bahr"), Music videos of local artists.
Cinema is very popular in Enfeh. The town has the number one cinema theatres in the north, Grand cinemas las salinas.
Theatre.
Las salinas cinema theatres has also been used as small stages for a number of shows, Mostly famous national comedy shows, attracting people from all over the region.
Transportation.
Roads.
Easily accessible from the main Beirut-Tripoli highway, taking the Enfeh exit. Although it is also reachable by taking the chekka exit and heading north, or the balamand exit and heading south. The roads are satisfactory and well maintained by the municipality. The road through town is the old main road that connects Beirut to tripoli, now called the seaside road, parallel to the old train railway.
Threats to Enfeh's Archaeology.
The ancient archaeological site was put in danger by a proposed expansion to the adjacent port that would have compromised its historical integrity. Even after the project was sidelined, development pressures from nearby communities continue to threaten the long-term preservation of the site.
Notes.
http://almashriq.hiof.no/lebanon/900/910/919/enfeh/

</doc>
<doc id="6010238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010238" title="Marco Fortin">
Marco Fortin

Marco Fortin (born 8 July 1974) is an Italian football goalkeeper who plays for Calvi Noale in Eccellenza Veneto.
Career.
Fortin spent his first 7 season at lower division.
Siena.
Fortin joined Siena in July 2002. In his first season he is the first choice goalkeeper for the Serie B runner-up. In the second season with Siena and his first Serie A season he lost the place with Generoso Rossi. In 2004-05 season, both Fortin and Alex Manninger is the first choice. In the next season, he became Antonio Mirante backup. In July 2006, he joined Cagliari and worked as Antonio Chimenti backup. In 2007-08 season he is the first choice goalkeeper ahead Jan Koprivec and Vincenzo Marruocco. In December 2007 he lost his place to Marruocco and in January 2008 the club signed Marco Storari. Fortin and Marruocco were left the club in late January.

</doc>
<doc id="6010248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010248" title="Turks of Western Thrace">
Turks of Western Thrace

Turks of Western Thrace () are ethnic Turks who live in Western Thrace, in the province of East Macedonia and Thrace in Northern Greece. Like Turkish communities in other parts of the southern Balkans that experienced centuries of Ottoman rule they are indigenous to the region. However, the Turks of Western Thrace in Northern Greece are distinct from the Pomaks, who live in the same region, and also from the Ottoman-era Greek Muslims of Greek Macedonia and Epirus, who unlike the Turks of Western Thrace were not exempt from the Population exchange between Greece and Turkey of 1922-23, in which religion rather than actual ethnic origin was the main criteria used to distinguish Greek from Turk.
According to the Greek census of 1991, there were approximately 50,000 Turks in Western Thrace, out of the approximately 98,000 strong Muslim minority of Greece. Other sources estimate the size of the Turkish community between 120,000 and 130,000. The Turks of Western Thrace are not to be confused with Pomaks or Muslim Roma people of the same region, counting 35% and 15% of the Muslim minority respectfully.
The Greek government has adopted a policy of not referring to the Turkish community specifically, and instead refers to the entire "muslim minority" which includes Pomaks and Roma Muslims, and does not recognize a separate Turkish minority in Western Thrace. The fundamental rights of the Turks of East Macedonia and Thrace are enshrined in the Greek constitution and the Treaty of Lausanne with Turkey, which states Greece's obligations to its Muslim minority.
History.
Even before the Ottoman conquests of the southern Balkans in the mid-1300s there were already small-scale migrations of Muslim Turks into Bulgarian Thrace and parts of Northern Greece now in the province of Western Thrace. This is evidenced in Byzantine Greek historical sources, by place names - particularly in Bulgaria - that are of definite pre-Ottoman Turkish origin, and also by the remains of pre-Ottoman conquest-era mosques that exhibit Anatolian Seljuk architectural styles. These early Turkish Muslim migrants were often rival Seljuk factions or Turkish mercenaries and their families settled by the late Byzantine Empire in its Balkan provinces. 
These parts of Western Thrace were overrun by the expanding Ottoman Empire in 1354 and remained in Ottoman control until 1913. At this year, the Turkish community outnumbered the Greek community four to one and owned close to 84% of the land. By August 31, 1913 the Turks of Western Thrace had formed the first 'Turkish republic', the Provisional Government of Western Thrace. However, it was taken over by the Kingdom of Bulgaria on October 25, 1913, which had been victorious in the First Balkan War. France occupied the area at the end of the First World War, following the defeat of Bulgaria, and it passed into Greek hands under the Treaty of Sèvres in August 1920. Under a protocol of the same year, the Turks of Western Thrace were exempted from the 1922-1923 exchange of populations agreement between Greece and Turkey and were granted rights within the framework of the Lausanne Treaty. However, since 1923, between 300,000 to 400,000 Turks have left Western Thrace most of which have immigrated to Turkey.
A number of estimates and censuses during the 1912-1920 period gave the following results about the ethnic distribution of the area that would became known as Western Thrace:
The Pomak population depending on the source was sometimes counted together with the Turks according to the Ottoman system of classifying people depending on religion, while in other occasions was specified separately. On the other hand, according to the Bulgarian view, they are considered "Bulgarian Muslims" and an integral part of the Bulgarian nation.
According to the Turkish thesis, as it was presented at Lausanne Peace Conference (1920), the general distribution of population in Western Thrace was as follows:
During Ottoman rule before 1912, Greeks constituted a minority in the region of Western Thrace. After the Balkan Wars and World War I the demography of the region was changed. While groups such as the Turks and Bulgarians decreased, the Greek population increased by the resettlement of ten thousands of Greek refugees from other areas of the Ottoman Empire, after the flight of the Greek refugees from Asia Minor, as a result of the Greco-Turkish War (1919-1922) and the subsequent population exchange between Greece and Turkey. Of all Greek Asia Minor refugees (578,824 individuals), 31% of them were resettled in Western Thrace.
The Greek government's reason to settle the refugees in this region was to strengthen the Greek presence in the newly acquired provinces and the homogenization of the population. The Greek government especially resettled the refugees in Komotini, Xanthi and Sapes regions where the majority of Muslim Turks lived.
Demographics.
The Turkish community has a strong presence in the Komotini () and Xanthi () departments of East Macedonia and Thrace, while it is scarcely present in the Evros prefecture, the closest to the international boundary with Turkey. According to estimates, Muslims as a whole, represented 36-38% of the Rhodopi Department population, 12-24% in the Xanthi Department and less than 5% in the Evros Department.
Culture.
Language.
According to Ethnologue, in 1976 the Turkish language was spoken by 128,000 people in Greece, the majority of which are located in the Western Thrace portion of the province of East Macedonia and Thrace. However, the Greek language is also widely used.
Obligations of the Treaty of Lausanne.
Article 37 through 45 of the Lausanne Treaty set forth the obligations of the Greek and Turkish governments to protect the Turkish and Greek minorities in their territories. Each country agreed to provide the following:
The Lausanne Treaty defined the rights of the Muslim communities in Western Thrace, on the basis of religion, not ethnicity, as well as maintained a balance between the minority communities of both countries (Turks in Greece and Greeks in Turkey) on reciprocal obligations toward each of those minorities. The Treaty contained specific obligations for their cultural and religious rights. These have been largely respected, in contrast to measures taken by successive Turkish governments against the Greek minority in Turkey (like forced labor battalions, the Istanbul pogrom), a minority that is nearly eliminated today (70,000 in 1923 to 3,000 in 2000).
Politics.
Members of the Greek Parliament.
In 1990 a new electoral law was introduced in Greece, which set a threshold of at least 3% of the nationwide vote for a party to be represented in the parliament, independent Turkish MPs were thus barred from election at the 1993 elections. The participation of members of the minority in the Hellenic Parliament is since then assured by Turkish candidats from nationwide political parties, and the Party of Friendship, Equality and Peace, which succeeded the Independent Muslim List in 1991, practically disappeared from the electoral scene. 
Greek legislative election, 2009.
There are presently two Turkish MPs from the Western Thrace portion of East Macedonia and Thrace, both of whom are affiliated to the Panhellenic Socialist Movement: Çetin Mandacı (Xanthi) and Ahmet Hacıosman (Rhodope), former president (1999–2007) of the Party of Friendship, Equality and Peace created by former (1989) MP Sadık Ahmet in 1991.
At least 14 candidates from the Turkish minority have been nominated, mainly in Rhodope and Xanthi.
For New Democracy, former MP (2004–2007) İlhan Ahmet and Ahmet Ahmet are candidates in Rhodope, and in Xanthi Aysel Zeybek and Ahmet Budur. Zeybek had lost her Greek citizenship under Article 19 of the Greek Citizenship Code, which allowed of its revocation for non-ethnic Greeks who left the country. After a lengthy legal battle, she finally won her case with a second appeal before the European Court of Human Rights and re-secured her Greek citizenship in 2001.
For PASOK, Çetin Mandacı and Seval Osmanoğlu are among the 5 candidates in Xanthi, Rıdvan Kocamümin and Ahmet Hacıosman among the 5 in Rhodope.
For the KKE (which presently has no MP in Xanthi or Rhodope), Faik Faik in Rhodope and Hasan Efendi in Xanthi.
For SYRIZA (which presently has no MP in Xanthi or Rhodope), Hasan Malkoç and Hüseyin Zeybek are candidates in Xanthi, and in Rhodope Dr. Mustafa Mustafa (former MP) and Celalettin Yurtçu.
Human rights issues.
Citizenship.
According to the former Article 19 of the 1955 Citizenship Law (No. 3370), a person of non-Greek ethnic origin leaving Greece without the intention of returning may be declared as having lost Greek nationality. According to the Greek government, between 1955 and 1998, approximately 60,000 Greek Muslim individuals, predominantly Turkish, were deprived of their citizenship under Article 19. Of these 60,000, approximately 7,182 lost their citizenship between 1981 and 1997. The application of this law to the Turks of Western Thrace was a retaliatory measure in response to the devastating state-sponsored pogrom which targeted the Greeks of Istanbul in September 1955. The pogrom precipitated an exodus of ethnic Greeks from Turkey. Article 19 was repealed in 1998, though not retroactively.
Ethnic identity.
Since the Treaty of Lausanne used the criterion of religion to refer to the ethnic communities, Greek Government spokesmen have usually insisted that the basis of identification is religious and not ethnic (or national). Thus Greek officials confusingly refer to the Muslim minority in Greece as Greek Muslims. Greek Muslims were based mainly in western Greek Macedonia, Epirus, and Crete (see Cretan Turks) and were the descendants of Ottoman-era Greek converts to Islam who joined the Turkish Millet (Ottoman Empire). However, this particular community of Greek Muslims disappeared from Greece following the Population exchange between Greece and Turkey in 1922-23. Successive Greek government policy was to deny the existence of an actual Turkish minority in Northern Greece and to insist on referring to Western Thrace Turks as also being Greek Muslims, falsely suggesting that they were not of Turkish origin but were the descendants of Ottoman-era Greek converts to Islam like the Vallahades and other Greek Muslims of Greek Macedonia. This policy was introduced immediately after the illegal "declaration of independence" of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus in 1983 on lands that once had an 82% Greek majority before becoming refugees during the Turkish invasion in 1974. The Greek government declared that it was a measure to avert the possibility of Greek East Macedonia and Thrace becoming a "second Cyprus" sometime in the future or of being ceded to Turkey on the basis of the ethnic origin of its Muslim inhabitants. 
Greek courts have also outlawed the use of the word 'Turkish' to describe the Turkish community. In 1988, the Greek High Court affirmed a 1986 decision of the Court of Appeals of Thrace in which the "Union of Turkish Associations of Western Thrace" was ordered closed. The court held that the use of the word 'Turkish' referred to citizens of Turkey, and could not be used to describe citizens of Greece; the use of the word 'Turkish' to describe Greek Muslims was held to endanger public order. This led to about 10,000 people demonstrating against the decision in Western Thrace. According to members of the Turkish minority, it was the first time ethnic Turks had taken to the streets.
Freedom of expression.
More than 10 newspapers are issued in the Turkish language. According to some sources, newspapers, magazines and books published in Turkey are not allowed entry into Western Thrace, and Turkish television and radio stations are sometimes jammed. According to other sources the minority has full and independent access to its own newspapers radio, television, and other written media coming from Turkey, regardless of their content.
Religious freedom.
According to the Lausanne Treaty, the Turkish minority is entitled to freedom of religion and to the right to control charitable and religious institutions. However, the Turkish community believes that these international law guarantees have been violated by the Greek government by denying permission to repair or rebuild old mosques or to build new mosques, by denying the right to choose the muftis (this chief religious officers), and by efforts to control the Turkish communities charitable foundations. According to another source, 
more than 5 new mosques are being built in the prefecture of Xanthi alone and 19 new mosques are being built in the prefecture of Rhodope alone, while in the same prefecture the number of mosques exceeds 160.
Incidents.
According to a report by a local organization there have been frequent (six in 2010 and three in the first months of 2011) attacks against the private and public property of Turks in Western Thrace. Among the recent incidents are three in 2010 (in Kahveci, Kırmahalle, Popos and Ifestos at Komotini) where attackers desecrated Turkish cemeteries and broke tombstones. There were also attacks against mosques, Turkish associations and Turkish consulates, attackers used methods like throwing stones, molotov bombs and damaging buildings.
Migration.
Diaspora.
Between 300,000 to 400,000 Turks have left Western Thrace since 1923; most of them immigrated to Turkey. Western Thrace Turks have also immigrated to Germany, the Netherlands, the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Austria and Italy. Thus, overall there are an estimated 1 million Turks whose roots are from Western Thrace.
Europe.
It is estimated that there is between 25,000 and 40,000 Western Thrace Turks living in Western Europe.
Germany.
There are some members of the Greek Muslim community among the some 350,000 Greeks living in Germany who are Turks or who espouse a Turkish identity. The majority of Turks immigrated from Western Thrace. In the 1960s and 1970s, the Thracian tobacco industry was affected by a severe crisis and many tobacco growers lost their income. This resulted in many Turks leaving their homes and immigrating to Germany with estimates suggesting that today there are now between 12,000 and 25,000 residing in Germany.
Netherlands.
A minority of Western Thrace Turks can be found in the Netherlands, especially in the Randstad region; after Germany, the Netherlands is the most popular destination for Turkish immigrants.
United Kingdom.
There is an estimated 600-700 Western Thrace Turks living in London although this does not include those who are British born. The total number living outside of London is unknown. However even their small number, Western Thrace Turks in the UK have their own community (Association of Western Thrace Turks UK)

</doc>
<doc id="6010261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010261" title="George A. Draper">
George A. Draper

George Albert Draper (November 4, 1855 – February 7, 1923) was an American textile industrialist.
Draper was born in Hopedale, Massachusetts, and was a descendant of early Massachusetts settler James Draper. At age 17, he entered the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he studied for two years. He then joined his father's businesses as treasurer at Hopedale Machine Company and later at the Draper Company.
He was also president of the Grafton and Upton Railroad, and of the Harmony Mills; director in the Milford National Bank, First National Bank of Boston, Brogon Cotton Mills Company, of Anderson, North Carolina, and of the Calhoun Cotton Mills of Calhoun, North Carolina.
His brother Eben Sumner Draper was governor. His son Wickliffe Draper inherited his fortune and used it to begin the Pioneer Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="6010262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010262" title="Bruce Cassidy">
Bruce Cassidy

Bruce James Cassidy (born May 20, 1965 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the NHL with the Chicago Blackhawks. He was formerly the head coach of Washington Capitals and is currently the head coach of the Boston Bruins's AHL affiliate Providence Bruins.
Playing career.
Cassidy was a defenceman who played in the Ontario Hockey League with the Ottawa 67's from 1982–1985, and he was selected by the Chicago Black Hawks of the National Hockey League in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft, selected in the 1st round, 18th overall. Cassidy's best OHL season was in 1982–83, when he registered 25 goals and 86 assists for 111 points. He won the Memorial Cup under coach Brian Kilrea in 1984 scoring 12 points. At the age of 19, he made his NHL debut with the Black Hawks in March 1984. During the years of 1984–1988, he had 3 knee surgeries, including major reconstruction of his ACL. 
Between 1985–1990, Cassidy would spend most of his time in the Hawks minor league system, playing with the Nova Scotia Oilers of the American Hockey League, the Saginaw Generals of the International Hockey League, the Saginaw Hawks of the IHL and the Indianapolis Ice, also in the IHL. 
Cassidy's NHL playing career was limited due to his knee surgeries. Yet, Cassidy would also play 36 games with Chicago during those years, scoring 4 goals and adding 13 assists for 17 points, along with 10 PIM. 
After winning the Turner Cup in the IHL, Cassidy then signed with Alleghe HC in Italy, and played 2 years with the club 1990–1992 and 1992–1993 in the Italian Ice Hockey League, appearing in 51 games, while getting 117 points (35G-82A).
After his stint in Italy, Cassidy then spent the 1993–94 season with Kaufbeuren of the German Hockey League, getting 17 points (8G-9A) in 35 games.
Cassidy then returned to the Blackhawks organization with the Indianapolis Ice from 1994–97 before retiring as a player 10 games into the 96–97 season to take a head coaching job with the Jacksonville Lizard Kings of the ECHL in mid-season.
Coaching career.
Jacksonville Lizard Kings (1996-1998).
Cassidy retired as a player with the Indianapolis Ice of the IHL to become head coach of the Jacksonville Lizard Kings of the ECHL in 1996-97. Cassidy took over the team which started the year 6–12–2, and led them to a 15–25–10 record.
The Lizard Kings greatly improved in Cassidy's 2nd year with the team, as they finished with a record of 35–29–6, with 76 points.
Indianapolis Ice (1998-1999).
In 1998–99, Cassidy was promoted to head coach of the Indianapolis Ice of the IHL, the club finished the year at 33–37–12=78 points and qualified for the playoffs. In the first round, they played the heavily favoured Cincinnati Cyclones in a best of three series, and the Cyclones won the opening game 4–2. The Ice came back and won the 2nd game 4–3 in OT, and then took the series by winning 1–0 in game three in Cincinnati. In the second round, the Ice fell three games to one to the Detroit Vipers and were eliminated from the playoffs.
Trenton Titans (1999-2000).
As the Ice folded after the 98–99 season, Cassidy took the head coaching job with the expansion Trenton Titans of the ECHL, and led them to a 37–29–4 record, good for fouth place in the Northeast Division. The Titans made short work of the Richmond Renegades in the first round, sweeping them three games to none. In the second round, they faced off against the Hampton Roads Admirals, and beat them three games to two. The Titans would then fall four games to two to the Peoria Rivermen, in the semi-finals.
Grand Rapids Griffins (2000-2002).
Cassidy then moved to the Ottawa Senators organization, and became head coach of the Grand Rapids Griffins of the IHL. The club finished with the best record in the league (53–22–7, 113 points), and they swept the Cleveland Lumberjacks in four games before falling to the Orlando Solar Bears in six games in the semi-finals.
Cassidy returned to Grand Rapids for the 2001–02 season, leading them to another division title with a 42–27–11, 95 pts record, but the team lost in the first round to the Chicago Wolves in five games.
Washington Capitals (2002-2004).
The Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League took notice of Cassidy's success in the minors and hired him to become the head coach of the club in 2002–03. The Capitals finished second place in the Southeast with a 39–29–8–6=92 pts record, and took on the Tampa Bay Lightning in the opening round of the playoffs. The Capitals won the first two games in Tampa Bay, however, the Lightning rebounded and won four in a row to eliminate the Capitals from the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Cassidy returned in 2003–04, he was 25 games into the season with an 8–16–1 record when he was let go from the Washington Capitals and replaced by assistant coach Glen Hanlon. The club would go on and finish with the second worst record in the league under Glen Hanlon (23–46–10–3=59 pts), but won the first overall pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft and chose Alexander Ovechkin.
Chicago Blackhawks (2004-2006).
Cassidy signed on as an assistant coach with the Blackhawks in June 2004. With the NHL lockout cancelling the 2004-05 NHL season, Cassidy was behind the Blackhawks bench as an assistant to head coach Trent Yawney for the 2005-06 NHL season. The Blackhawks struggled to a 26-43-13 record, earning 65 points and missed the playoffs. Cassidy's contract was not renewed given his better fit as a head coach.
Kingston Frontenacs (2006-2008).
He was hired by the Kingston Frontenacs on July 12, 2006. On September 10, 2006, in a pre-season exhibition game between Kingston and Ottawa, Cassidy got the chance to coach against his former coach and mentor Kilrea; the Frontenacs lost 4–3, thanks to Ottawa's 3-point men Matt Lahey and Thomas Kiriakou, who each had two goals and an assist. During the regular season, Cassidy quickly rebounded in the home opener and beat his former proud mentor by 9–5.
During his first season as head coach, the Frontenacs would finish with a 31–30–7 record, earning them 69 points and fifth place in the Eastern Conference. The Fronts would face the Oshawa Generals in the first round of the playoffs, and would be eliminated in five games.
Cassidy returned to Kingston to begin the 2007–08 season, however, after a rough 2–9–1 start to the season, he was let go from the Frontenacs and replaced by Larry Mavety. Cassidy finished with a 33–39–8 record with the club.
Providence Bruins (2008-present).
Cassidy joined the Providence Bruins of the AHL as an assistant coach in the 2008-09 season, under head coach Rob Murray. Cassidy held this position for three years before being promoted to head coach of the team for the 2011-12 season after Murray was fired.
During his first season as head coach of the Providence Bruins, the club posted a 35-34-7 record, earning 77 points and failing to qualify for the post-season.
In his second season with Providence in 2012-13, the Bruins had the best record in the league, going 50-21-5 for 105 points, first place in the Atlantic Division. In the first round of the playoffs, the Bruins defeated the Hershey Bears in five games, setting up a second round series against the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins. Providence took a commanding 3-0 lead in the best of seven series, however, the Penguins mounted a comeback, and won the final four games to upset the Bruins in seven games.
Providence made the playoffs once again in 2013-14, finishing with a 40-25-11 record, earning 91 points and seventh place in the Eastern Conference. In the first round, the Bruins upset the second seeded Springfield Falcons in five games, before losing to the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins in seven games in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="6010264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010264" title="The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns">
The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns

The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns is a 1999 Hallmark Entertainment made-for-TV fantasy movie. It stars Randy Quaid, Colm Meaney, Kieran Culkin, Roger Daltrey, Caroline Carver and Whoopi Goldberg. The film contains two main stories that eventually intertwine: the first being the story of an American businessman who visits Ireland and encounters magical leprechauns and the second, a story of a pair of star-crossed lovers who happen to be a fairy and a leprechaun, belonging to opposing sides of a magical war. It contains many references to Romeo and Juliet such as two lovers taking poison and feuding clans.
Emma Townshend's song "We Can Fly Away" was the theme song for the film.
Plot.
An American businessman, Jack Woods (Randy Quaid), ostensibly wants to spend a calm holiday in the sleepy Irish town Kerry and rents a cottage there. During a hike, he sees Irish beauty Kathleen Fitzpatrick (Orla Brady) swimming naked. Kathleen catches him and chases him off, but Jack is smitten with her beauty. That evening, Jack tries to drown his sorrows in Irish whiskey, when he has an encounter with an invisible leprechaun. They struggle for the bottle of whiskey, and Jack falls, knocking himself unconscious. The next morning, he sees the little man again and chases him to a nearby river, where the leprechaun falls in. Jack jumps in after him, saving his life (because water is the only thing that can kill the immortal leprechauns), then Seamus Muldoon (Colm Meaney), the saved leprechaun, becomes Jack's new friend. Seamus introduces Jack to his wife Mary (Zoë Wanamaker) and his son, Mickey (Daniel Betts), and shows him the mystical world of the leprechauns.
The "solitary fairies" (which includes leprechauns) love to play tricks on others, especially on the snobbish "trooping" fairies. The leprechauns and the trooping fairies have been enemies for ages, but the Grand Banshee (Whoopi Goldberg) has decreed that they must stop fighting each other. Jack gets used to the little people he shares the house with, because they help him to get to know Kathleen.
Jack offers to drive Kathleen's cart for her in a beach race because she's not allowed to on account of her gender. He wins and convinces Kathleen to take him on a tour of the local environs. While on their walk together, they kiss.
Meanwhile Mickey, along with his friends Sean Devine (Tony Curran) and the brothers Jericho (Kevin McKidd) and Barney O'Grady (Kieran Culkin) sneak into a masked party in the flying castle of the trooping fairies. There Mickey sees the fairy-princess, Jessica (Caroline Carver), the daughter of the fairy-king Boric (Roger Daltrey) and queen Morag (Harriet Walter). Jessica eventually finds out that Mickey is a leprechaun, but they have already fallen in love. Jessica's hot-headed cousin, Count Grogan (Jonathan Firth), discovers their presence, and the leprechauns flee.
Later Count Grogan seeks out Mickey and attempts to fight with him, but Mickey declines. Sean steps in and battles Count Grogan, eventually losing. The Grand Banshee appears and takes Sean's life as punishment for breaking her decree. Mickey attacks Count Grogan, killing him, too. After Jessica's parents learn that Mickey has killed Count Grogan, they send her with her governess, Lady Margaret (Phyllida Law), to a hidden underwater-castle. Mickey eventually finds her, rescues her, and flies with her to his uncle Sir Jantee (Stephen Moore), the butter-fairy. Jessica's parents think Mickey kidnapped her and they start a war with the leprechauns. The Grand Banshee continues to take their lives.
Jack and Kathleen have a problem too, because she finds out that he is in Ireland to buy up homes in Carrick for his company to build a holiday-park. Jack does not want to do that any more (and loses his job because of it), but Kathleen does not believe a word he says.
In the human-world nature starts to collapse: in the summer it starts snowing and there is torrential rain. This happens because the fairies aren't taking care of nature any more because of the war. Jack and Kathleen decide to help Jessica and Mickey to seek out the Grand Banshee and ask her to help them end the war. The Grand Banshee reveals to them that Nature is dying because of the war and if it doesn't stop, soon, everything will be destroyed. She also says she cannot stop the leprechauns and trooping fairies from doing what they really wanted to do.
As the war escalates, Mickey and Jessica decide to do something radical: they obtain a poison from the butter-fairies and threaten to take it if their parents won't stop the war. Their parents took them seriously but were unable to make peace, so they take the poison. Their bodies are brought before their parents who immediately become distraught. Jack convinces the warring parties to make peace. Both Muldoon and Boric agree. Kathleen immediately rushes to give an antidote to the lovers but an attack-tunnel dug by general Bulstrode (Frank Finlay) collapses. Kathleen brakes her carriage to avoid the pit. The vial with the antidote flies from her hands and breaks. Jack runs to help and falls into the pit, knocking himself out. Kathleen panics until she learns that he's alright. The Grand Banshee says she can still save them, but only if "everyone" agrees to peace. Eventually they all do. The Grand Banshee then brings back not only Jessica and Mickey, but all of the lost leprechauns and fairies (with the exception of Count Grogan who the Great Banshee decides to keep so there wouldn't be trouble caused because of him). In the end Mickey and Jessica marry, Jack and Kathleen are reconciled, and the long-lasting war is finally over.

</doc>
<doc id="6010267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010267" title="Streak-headed woodcreeper">
Streak-headed woodcreeper

The streak-headed woodcreeper ("Lepidocolaptes souleyetii") is a passerine bird which breeds in the tropical New World from southern Mexico to northwestern Peru, northern Brazil and Guyana, and also on Trinidad.
This woodcreeper is found in lowlands up to altitude, although normally below , in damp light woodland, plantations, gardens, and clearings with trees. It builds a leaf-lined nest up in a tree cavity, or sometimes an old woodpecker hole, and lays two white eggs.
The streak-headed woodcreeper is typically long and weighs . It has olive brown upperparts with fine streaking on the crown, nape and upper back, a chestnut rump, wings and tail, and heavily streaked olive-brown underparts. The long bill is slender and decurved. Young birds are duller with less distinct streaking.
The call is a sharp rolled "djeer" and the song is a whistled "piiiiiiiiir piiiiiiiiir piiiiiiiiir".
The streak-headed woodcreeper is very similar to the spot-crowned woodcreeper ("Lepidocolaptes affinis") but is smaller, has a streaked, not spotted crown, and is found at lower altitudes.
The streak-headed woodcreeper feeds on spiders and insects, creeping up trunks and extracting its prey from the bark or mosses. It is normally seen alone or in a pair and unlike spot-crowned, rarely joins mixed-species feeding flocks.
This species' scientific name commemorates Louis François Auguste Souleyet, French zoologist and naval surgeon.

</doc>
<doc id="6010284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010284" title="Arop-Lokep language">
Arop-Lokep language

Arop-Lokep (also spelled Arop-Lukep) is an Oceanic language spoken by 3,015 people () on four islands in the Siassi chain in the Vitiaz Strait in Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="6010296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010296" title="Tunnel View">
Tunnel View

Tunnel View is an scenic overlook on State Route 41 in Yosemite National Park. The iconic and expansive view of Yosemite Valley from the view point have been seen and documented by visitors since it opened in 1933. Internationally renowned artists to casual tourists have painted, drawn, and photographed the dramatic scenery from here and nearby vantage points since the 19th century.
The large viewpoint area is located directly east of the Wawona Tunnel portal, as one enters Yosemite Valley from points south. The view looks eastward into Yosemite Valley, and includes surrounding features, such as the southwest face of El Capitan on the left, Half Dome on axis, and Bridalveil Fall on the right. 
For many arriving by road, this is the stunning first view, upon suddenly exiting the long and dark tunnel, of Yosemite Valley and its setting. A generous turn out with parking lot accommodates leaving vehicles behind, to take it all in. The trailhead, for the hiking trail up and south to Inspiration Point, is located here.

</doc>
<doc id="6010298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010298" title="Louis François Auguste Souleyet">
Louis François Auguste Souleyet

Louis François Auguste Souleyet (1811–1852) was a French zoologist, malacologist and naval surgeon.
Souleyet was naturalist-surgeon on the voyage of "La Bonite", which circumnavigated the globe between February 1836 and November 1837 under Auguste Nicolas Vaillant (1793–1858). In the Pacific he studied marine molluscs. After the death of Joseph Fortuné Théodore Eydoux (1802–1841), Souleyet completed the zoological section of the voyage's official report in 1852.
Souleyet died of yellow fever in Martinique in 1852.
He named a number of marine molluscs and fish, but most of his new taxa were validated already two years earlier by John Edward Gray, who Latinized all vernacular names published earlier in an undated (1842 ?) atlas by Eydoux & Souleyet. He is himself commemorated in the scientific name of the Streak-headed Woodcreeper, "Lepidocolaptes souleyetii", named for him by DesMurs and in the Heteropod "Protatlanta souleyeti" by Edgar A. Smith in 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="6010304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010304" title="South Shore Water Frolics">
South Shore Water Frolics

South Shore Water Frolics is a free three-day summer festival held annually at South Shore Park in the Bay View neighborhood of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It features a parade, live music and fireworks at the lakefront.
The event, along with Summerfest and the many ethnic and cultural festivals held throughout the city, is what gives Milwaukee the nickname "City of Festivals."
Description.
Celebrating its 63rd year in 2012, the South Shore Frolics is one of the oldest festivals in Milwaukee. Originally known as the South Shore Water Frolic, it is currently sponsored by the Bay View Lions Club, which provides a stage and music near the South Shore Yacht Club. 
The event is kicked-off with a parade that runs through the heart of the Bay View business district: along Kinnickinnic Avenue from Lincoln Avenue south to Estes, then east to the park. The parade includes classic cars, local dignitaries, floats sponsored by local businesses, and competitions between local high school sports teams, cheerleaders, bands, and organizations. At the park venues are staged such as the annual Classic Car Show and the South Shore Festival of the Arts presented by the Bay View Arts Guild.
Rounding off each night is the festival's signature Atomic Fireworks display put on by Bartolotta Fireworks; and with the crowds' cries of "Blow-up the beach!", the evening culminates in a percussive onslaught of shells.

</doc>
<doc id="6010305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010305" title="She's a Rainbow">
She's a Rainbow

"She's a Rainbow" is a satirical song by The Rolling Stones and was featured on their 1967 album "Their Satanic Majesties Request".
Written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, "She's a Rainbow" was recorded on 18 May 1967. Perhaps the band's "prettiest and most uncharacteristic song," although somewhat ambiguous in intention, it features rich lyricism, vibrant piano by Nicky Hopkins and Brian Jones' use of the mellotron.
John Paul Jones, later of Led Zeppelin, arranged the strings of this song during his session days. Backing vocals were provided by the entire band, excluding Charlie Watts.
The lyrics in the chorus share the phrase "she comes in colours" with the song of that title by Love, released in December 1966.
The song notably begins with the piano playing an ascending scale, which returns throughout the song as a recurring motif. Humorous and ambiguous devices are used, such as when the strings play out of tune and off key towards the end of the song, and when the other Stones sing their "La La's" like little children. The song ends on an unusual sour electric guitar chord. However, the guitar chord isn't heard on the album version because the song fades out earlier and segues into the following track.
Release and aftermath.
"She's a Rainbow" was released as a single in December 1967 and went to No. 25 in the US. It is included on a large number of the Stones' hits compilations, including "Through the Past, Darkly (Big Hits Vol. 2)", "More Hot Rocks (Big Hits & Fazed Cookies)", "30 Greatest Hits", "", "Forty Licks", and "GRRR!". It was performed occasionally on the 1997–98 "Bridges to Babylon Tour". Apple Inc. used this song in an advertisement for the iMac G3. Later Sony used the song in an advert for BRAVIA.
In a 1971 interview, John Lennon claimed that "She's a Rainbow" was an imitation of the Beatles' "All You Need is Love" and that the "Their Satanic Majesties Request" album was an imitation of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
On the 2011/12 season finale of "Saturday Night Live", host Mick Jagger was in a "graduation" skit where the band Arcade Fire and the SNL cast performed "She's a Rainbow" as a tribute to departing cast member Kristen Wiig. In the sketch, Wiig is a student who was held back and is finally graduating after seven years to leave "SNL" to become a nun. Although Jagger does not sing "She's a Rainbow", he returns at the end of the skit, along with a number of "SNL" alumni, to join in the song "Ruby Tuesday".

</doc>
<doc id="6010308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010308" title="Pam Pietroforte">
Pam Pietroforte

Pam Pietroforte is an American writer. She wrote the story for the "" episodes "The Sound of Her Voice" and "Statistical Probabilities".

</doc>
<doc id="6010337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010337" title="Spry Vegetable Shortening">
Spry Vegetable Shortening

Spry was a brand of vegetable shortening produced by Lever Brothers starting in 1936. It was a competitor for Procter & Gamble's Crisco, and through aggressive marketing through its mascot Aunt Jenny had reached 75 percent of Crisco's market share. The marketing efforts were phased out in the 1950s, but Aunt Jenny and her quotes like "With Spry, we can afford to have cake oftener!" have been reprinted. Though the product is discontinued in most countries there are anecdotal reports of it being used through the 1970s.
During its heyday in the 1950's, a large blinking sign advertising Spry on the New Jersey side of the Hudson River was a memorable part of the Manhattan evening skyline, mentioned several times in The New Yorker magazine and appearing at least once on its cover.
Spry Vegetable Shortening is still widely available in Cyprus, where it is manufactured by Ambrosia Oils (1976) Ltd for Unilever Foods (UK) Ltd.
The related product, Spry Cooking Oil, was marketed in the UK throughout the 1970s with the slogan "Spry Crisp and Dry".

</doc>
<doc id="6010346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010346" title="Sagem myX-7">
Sagem myX-7

The Sagem myX-7 is a cellphone manufactured by Sagem Communications. It features a 128x160 pixels TFT LCD Screen with 65,536 colors, a VGA CCD sensor camera, Java MIDP 2.0 with downloadable content, organizer, among others.
Durability.
Sagem phones have always been plagued by aesthetic wear problems. This is especially true of the myX-7 model, where the screen is known to scuff and crack particularly easily. The phone's electronics are for the most part able to withstand most normal wear, due to the fact they are not packed tightly into a small space (thus causing components to bump each other), but rather are spread out over the phone's surface area.

</doc>
<doc id="6010376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010376" title="Les Belles-sœurs">
Les Belles-sœurs

Les Belles-soeurs is a two-act play written by Michel Tremblay in 1965. It was Tremblay's first professionally produced work and remains his most popular and most translated work. The play has had a profound effect on Quebec language, culture and theatre. 
Les Belles-soeurs premiered at Théâtre du Rideau Vert on August 8, 1968. It was directed by André Brassard and starred Denise Proulx, Odette Gagnon, Denise Filiatrault, Rita Lafontaine, Luce Guilbeault, Germaine Giroux and Nicole Leblanc among others, with set design by Réal Ouellette and costumes by François Barbeau. The English version, translated by John Van Burek and Bill Glassco, had its first run at the St. Lawrence Centre in Toronto on April 3, 1973 and starred Candy Kane, Elva-May Hoover, Monique Mercure, among others. The production was also directed and designed by André Brassard.
The "Canadian Theatre Encyclopedia" describes the importance of the play in the following way:
The impact of this work is still being argued in Quebec today, but suffice it to say that it changed much of what was believed to be Quebec culture; language, the form of theatre, which plays should be done at which theatres, the displacing of the Old Guard... It set off a storm of controversy, firstly because of the language (a particularly raucous — some say vulgar — joual), and then because it dared to portray working class women doing working class things...

</doc>
<doc id="6010390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010390" title="Happy (The Rolling Stones song)">
Happy (The Rolling Stones song)

"Happy" is the tenth track on The Rolling Stones' 1972 album "Exile on Main St." Keith Richards sings lead vocals. Released as the second single from the album in July 1972, it reached #22 in the US.
Credited to Jagger/Richards, "Happy" was written primarily by Richards in the summer of 1971, at the villa Nellcôte in southern France, over the course of a single afternoon. According to Richards, "We did that in an afternoon, in only four hours, cut and done. At noon it had never existed. At four o'clock it was on tape." The basic tracks were recorded in the Nellcôte basement, using the Rolling Stones Mobile Studio, with Richards on bass, guitar and vocals, producer Jimmy Miller on drums, and saxophonist Bobby Keys on maracas. Piano by Nicky Hopkins was added later, as were Jim Price's trumpet, Keys' saxophone, Mick Taylor's guitar and the final vocal tracks, including Mick Jagger's backing vocals. 
Since 1972, Richards has often sung "Happy" in concert and it has become one of his "signature tunes." Performances of the song through 1978 also featured Jagger's vocals during the chorus.
Concert renditions of the song appear on the albums "Love You Live" and "Live Licks"; the studio track has been released on the compilation albums "Made in the Shade", "Forty Licks" and "GRRR!". The song also features on concert films and DVD box sets: "" (1974), "Stones at the Max" (1992), "Four Flicks" (2004) and "The Biggest Bang (2007)".

</doc>
<doc id="6010392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010392" title="George Draper">
George Draper

George Draper may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6010406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010406" title="List of programs broadcast by Spike">
List of programs broadcast by Spike

The following is a list of programs that are currently or have been shown on the Spike television network.
Unaired series.
In its early days as Spike TV, Spike commissioned an animated series from Klasky Csupo, "Immigrants", featuring two Hungarian men who moved to Los Angeles to start a new life. The series was to have debuted on August 14, 2004. Despite scheduling a two-hour marathon of the series on its premiere, it was canceled on August 6, 2004 with no reason given. Spike instead aired a two-hour block of "Most Extreme Elimination Challenge". The series has since become the basis of a 2008 film of the same name, which was first released in Hungary in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="6010407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010407" title="Blažej Vaščák">
Blažej Vaščák

Blažej Vaščák (born 21 November 1983 in Krompachy) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Slovak 2. liga club ŽP Šport Podbrezová, on loan from Partizán Bardejov.
Career.
Vaščák started his professional career with Slovakian side Košice. With the club he made 16 appearances in two season. In 2003 he moved to Trenčín, and in just six months scored one goal in a total of 14 appearances. Following an impressive spell, he moved to Artmedia and would score nine goals in 57 appearances over the course of two seasons. He then moved to Italy with Serie A side Treviso. In his first season with the club, they were relegated to Serie B. He would maintain a starting spot and score 5 goals in just over 30 appearances. In 2007 he moved to fellow Serie B side U.S. Lecce for €600,000 in co-ownership deal, making 12 appearances and scoring once. In June 2007 Lecce bought him outright for undisclosed fee. He was loaned out to Cesena the following season and made 29 starts. Following a less than perfect spell in Italy, the 24-year old moved to the Czech Republic to play for FK Teplice. Vaščák made his Czech First League debut on 29 March 2009, against 1. FK Příbram and he overall played 7 matches for Teplice and came back to Lecce.
Vaščák terminated the contract with Lecce in mutual consent in July 2009.
In September 2009 he returned to MFK Košice.

</doc>
<doc id="6010411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010411" title="Operation Berkshire">
Operation Berkshire

Operation Berkshire is the name of a program initiated in 1976 by seven of the world's major tobacco companies aimed at promoting "controversy" over smoking and disease. 
At the invitation of the Chairman of Imperial Tobacco, the CEOs of the tobacco companies met in secret in June 1977 in the United Kingdom "to develop a defensive smoking and health strategy, to avoid our countries and/or companies being picked off one by one, with a resultant domino effect." They agreed to create a front organization, the "International Committee on Smoking Issues" (ICOSI) (renamed the "International Tobacco Information Centre", INFOTAB, in 1981), which operated through an internationally coordinated network of national manufacturers' associations
to retard measures for tobacco control.
The purpose of ICOSI/INFOTAB is best described in a document entitled "Conspiracy Notebook" produced by Brown & Williamson in the context of the US racketeering lawsuit against tobacco companies:
The American tobacco industry, working with its counterparts in other countries around the world, organised ICOSI, later renamed INFOTAB for the purpose of coordinating the worldwide response of the industry to anti-tobacco activities. INFOTAB was used to formulate and publish a consensus position on the part of the
industry. It monitored anti-tobacco organizations. It created an information service for the purpose of accumulating and disseminating intelligence on anti-smoking activities. It was used to identify and enlist allies around the world for the tobacco industry, to perform studies and research whose results would be helpful, and to rebut data and allegations from anti-smoking forces. The organization worked closely with TI "Tobacco Institute", an industry front organization disbanded in 1998 in carrying out this mission.
The conspiracy was discovered in November 1998, as part of the Master Settlement Agreement between the U.S. tobacco industry and various states' attorneys general. U.S. tobacco companies were compelled to publicly disclose approximately 40 million pages of previously confidential documents. During the course of the Minnesota Attorney General litigation (State of Minnesota, et al.) the district court ordered the domestic parties to establish a document depository in Minnesota for the documents produced in that action.
Operation Berkshire was created as a unified defensive strategy among international tobacco companies. The code name was initially suggested in a confidential memorandum to the then President of Philip Morris International, Hugh Cullman, by the then Chairman of Imperial Tobacco in the UK, A. G. (Tony) Garrett. 
The plan formed when major tobacco companies met together to form a unified defense against anti-smoking legislation. They agreed that they would not voluntarily make certain concessions about smoking and, if legislation was passed to force them, they would agree to sue. In particular, they decided that they would not concede the point that smoking has adverse health effects and would instead attempt to create controversy, lest they be held legally liable for the deaths of smokers. They also formulated coordinated activities to promote the social acceptability of smoking.
Similar behavior was demonstrated by the top seven biggest U.S. tobacco company CEOs, dubbed the "seven dwarfs", testifying together before the U.S. Congress during a hearing on the regulation of tobacco products on April 14, 1994, in which they collectively denied, under oath, the addictive nature of nicotine[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQUNk5meJHs], despite at least one published New York Times report at the time claiming that it has the ability to be more addictive than heroin, cocaine or amphetamines.

</doc>
<doc id="6010417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010417" title="Volcano Suns">
Volcano Suns

Volcano Suns was an American alternative rock band from Boston, Massachusetts formed by Mission of Burma drummer Peter Prescott in 1984.
History.
The band was founded in Spring 1984 by former Mission of Burma and Molls drummer Peter Prescott, the only founding member of the Suns to remain until their break-up in 1991. Prescott had auditioned for the position of drummer with Disneyland, but took two of that band's members to form Volcano Suns; The other original members were Gary Waleik and Steve Michener who would leave after a few months, before the release of the first Suns album, to form Big Dipper. Prescott then added Jeff Weigand on bass guitar and Jon Williams on guitar. This second line-up created the band's debut album "The Bright Orange Years" (1985), as well as its follow-up, "All-Night Lotus Party" (1986), both released on the now-defunct Homestead Records. In 1987, Bob Weston and Chuck Hahn replaced Weigand and Williams respectively for "Bumper Crop", the band's final release on Homestead. Other contributors included Roger Miller on piano and Gary Waleik on sitar.
In 1988, the band moved to Greg Ginn's SST Records for their 4th release, "Farced". The line-up however was the same as on "Bumper Crop", including Miller on piano and Waleik on sitar. 1989 brought their most experimental release, "Thing of Beauty", also on SST, on which David Kleiler replaced Chuck Hahn on guitar. This would be the Volcano Suns' final line up. The band moved to Chicago-based indie label Quarterstick Records for their final release, "Career in Rock" in 1991. The album was engineered by Steve Albini, who would later work with Bob Weston in their band Shellac.
The Volcano Suns also doubled as the Din, the backing band for Dredd Foole (a.k.a. Dan Ireton). The Din are identified as Din Wanna (Prescott), Bonus "The Bone Man" McGinty (Weigand) and Webb Finga (Williams), and The Kaiser (Kenny Chambers from Moving Targets) on "Eat My Dust Cleanse My Soul" (Homestead, 1985). The follow-up album "Take Off Your Skin" (PVC, 1988) is identified by Foole as the same line-up as the previous album.
Their music is often compared to the works of bands like Hüsker Dü and Mudhoney.
The band split up in 1994, with Prescott forming Kustomized.
Prescott reformed Volcano Suns in 2005 with Weston and Kleiler for some reunion shows.
The band's first two albums were reissued by Merge Records in 2009, remastered by Weston and including bonus material.
Discography.
Compilation appearances.
As the Din, backing band for Dredd Foole

</doc>
<doc id="6010443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010443" title="Nick Chastain">
Nick Chastain

Nicholas "Nick" Joseph Chastain, born , is an American actor, best known for his portrayal of the psychotic Alex on the highest rated soap opera The Young And The Restless in 2004 and 2006. He was in the 2007 film "Fast Girl".
Chastain grew up in Millington, Tennessee. He started acting in commercials, then at age 16, he moved to Los Angeles to further his acting career. A friend of pop singer Justin Timberlake (who is just a day older than Chastain), he appeared in the video for Timberlake's single "Like I Love You" in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="6010471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010471" title="Porcupine Flat Campground">
Porcupine Flat Campground

Porcupine Flat Campground (), located in northern area of Yosemite National Park along Tioga Road (HWY 120), is a first-come first-served campground outside of Yosemite Valley. This campground is very remote, very quiet, and very unpopulated relative to other campgrounds in Yosemite. The campground is directly off the road and thus does not require a rough drive to the campground like other Yosemite campgrounds outside of the Valley (Yosemite Creek and Tamarack Flat are examples 2-4 mile unpaved roads leading into the campground off the main road). Porcupine Flat is directly along a branch of Snow Creek and therefore many of the sites inside the campground are directly alongside a running creek. Those looking to stay away from crowds/noise should consider this campground. The sites are very green and shaded by the trees in the area. Deer are often seen grazing in the campground.
The nearest store is at White Wolf which is approximately a 14 minute drive. The drive to the Tuolumne Meadows store is about 20 minutes. The drive to Yosemite Valley will take more than 50 minutes. 
Each campsite contains a fire ring, picnic table, and food locker, and is near a vault toilet. Stream water must be treated (by boiling, using a filter, or using iodine). No potable water available. Pets are not permitted.
Destinations Nearby.
Heading North-East
Heading South-East

</doc>
<doc id="6010479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010479" title="Mickey Finn (inventor)">
Mickey Finn (inventor)

Charles A. "Mickey" Finn (June 21, 1938 – April 24, 2007) was an American inventor who specialized in designing and producing weapons systems for the U.S. military. He retired from defense work and began designing sporting equipment, including the Mickey Finn T-Bar Putter, a golf putter.
Background.
For thirty years Finn designed weapons systems for the U.S. military and other government agencies. In the industry he was referred to as "Q", after the special weapons supplier Q in James Bond fiction, and the name of Finn's original research company Qual-A-Tec.
After extensive research into black operations, author Tom Clancy used Finn's name to add an extra measure of realism to "The Cardinal of the Kremlin". Finn retired from the defense industry after this public mention and started a business selling military and hunting knives.
Finn won the U.S. Army contract to design and build the M9 bayonet for the M16 rifle. Out of 49 companies that bid on the contract, Finn won because his bayonet was the only one tested that had zero percent test failure. Finn and his M9 bayonet design were profiled in the January 5, 1987 issue of "People" magazine.
Qual-A-Tec.
Qual-A-Tec was a research and development firm originally based in Oceanside, California United States. It later moved to Chino Valley, Arizona, United States. It was owned and operated by Finn and specialized in signature suppression and muzzle control devices for firearms. It also provided classified weapons systems to the U.S. government until it was forced to close when author Tom Clancy outed Finn and his company in the novel "The Cardinal of the Kremlin."

</doc>
<doc id="6010486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010486" title="Back Street Girl">
Back Street Girl

"Backstreet Girl" is a song by British rock and roll band The Rolling Stones written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards. It first appeared on the UK version of their 1967 album "Between the Buttons" but was not included on the US version. It was first released in the US on the 1967 album "Flowers".
The song showcases Brian Jones, playing vibraphone and Rolling Stones contributor Jack Nitzsche on the harpsichord. Accordion was played by Nick de Caro.
Personnel.
Covers of the song appeared on alt-country band Golden Smog's debut EP "On Golden Smog", Social Distortion's album "Prison Bound" and Bobby Darin's album "Inside Out".

</doc>
<doc id="6010488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010488" title="Callie Thorne">
Callie Thorne

Calliope "Callie" Thorne (born November 20, 1969) is an American actress known for her role as Dr. Dani Santino on the USA Network series "Necessary Roughness". She is also known for past work such as her roles on ' as Detective Laura Ballard, a role she held for two seasons, and the movie '. She is also known for playing Sheila Keefe on "Rescue Me" and Elena McNulty in "The Wire".
Life and career.
Thorne was born in Boston, Massachusetts, and is of Armenian and English descent. She studied theater and dramatic literature at Wheaton College in Norton, Massachusetts and at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute in New York City.
In addition to "Rescue Me", Thorne has made guest appearances on television series such as "ER" (2005–2006), ' (, (2004), ' (2003–2004), "The Wire" (2002–2008), "Prison Break" (2006), "Royal Pains" (2009), 'White Collar' (2009), "Burn Notice" (2009–2010), 
'Californication' (2011), and "Elementary" (2012) among others.
In 1996, Thorne co-starred in the romantic comedy "Ed's Next Move." In 1997 and 1998, she appeared as Det. Laura Ballard on the television series "" and its subsequent . She has also had many small roles in film and TV movies and starred in the 1998 film, "Chocolate for Breakfast".
She is the lead in the USA Network series "Necessary Roughness", which premiered on June 29, 2011. She has received a Golden Globe nomination for "Best Actress" for her role. The series remained on the air for three seasons. In 2012, she won "Outstanding Female Actor in a Leading Role in a Drama Series" at the Gracie Allen Awards for her role.
Thorne has also done work on stage, such as in the off-Broadway play "The Country Club" (1999), with Cynthia Nixon in New York. Additionally, she appeared with Eric Bogosian and Sam Rockwell in "The Last Days of Judas Iscariot" (2005), directed by Philip Seymour Hoffman.

</doc>
<doc id="6010489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010489" title="Killing No Murder">
Killing No Murder

Killing No Murder is a pamphlet published in 1657 during The Protectorate period of the English Interregnum era of English history. The pamphlet of disputed authorship advocates the assassination of Oliver Cromwell. The publication was in high demand at the time of its distribution. Cromwell was said to have been so disturbed after the publication of "Killing No Murder" that he never spent more than two nights in the same place and always took extreme precaution in planning his travel.
Text from Killing No Murder.
The first section of the text reads as follows:
"To his Highness, Oliver Cromwell.
To your Highness justly belongs the Honour of dying for the people, and it cannot choose but be unspeakable consolation to you in the last moments of your life to consider with how much benefit to the world you are like to leave it. 'Tis then only (my Lord) the titles you now usurp, will be truly yours; you will then be indeed the deliverer of your country, and free it from a bondage little inferior to that from which Moses delivered his. You will then be that true reformer which you would be thought. Religion shall be then restored, liberty asserted and Parliaments have those privileges they have fought for. We shall then hope that other laws will have place besides those of the sword, and that justice shall be otherwise defined than the will and pleasure of the strongest; and we shall then hope men will keep oaths again, and not have the necessity of being false and perfidious to preserve themselves, and be like their rulers. All this we hope from your Highness's happy expiration, who are the true father of your country; for while you live we can call nothing ours, and it is from your death that we hope for our inheritances. Let this consideration arm and fortify your Highness's mind against the fears of death and the terrors of your evil conscience, that the good you will do by your death will something balance the evils of your life."
A full scan of the book is available online, see the 'external links' section below.
Possible Authors.
"Killing No Murder" was published under the pseudonym 'William Allen' but the authorship is largely attributed to one of three individuals or some combination of the three. The individuals generally attributed with authorship are (in order): Colonel Silius Titus, Edward Sexby or William Allen.
Silius Titus.
Colonel Titus was a politician and one of two individuals who claimed authorship of the work. Titus' claim could stand on its own merit due to the highly sarcastic nature of the document—a trait often attributed to Titus. In response to claims that he often "made sport of the House" and didn't take matters seriously, Titus remarked that things were not to be taken seriously simply because they were dull. Titus' tone can be seen throughout the document and on that alone, many attribute the work to him before he admitted to writing it. Additionally, Charles II of England awarded Titus the title of Gentleman of the Bedchamber for his service in authoring the work.
Edward Sexby.
Sexby had returned to England to try where Miles Sindercomb had failed in exacting the call for assassination found in "Killing No Murder". After failing, he was caught trying to escape to Amsterdam and was imprisoned in the Tower of London. It was there that Sexby went insane and died a year later in 1658. Before his death, he was coerced by Sir John Barkstead to admit his participation in the writing of the pamphlet.
William Allen.
While it was often assumed that the document was written under a pseudonym, another theory suggested that William Allen, a former New Model Army trooper and Republican who had ties with Edward Sexby and Thomas Sheppard, had penned the document. The trio (Allen, Sexby and Sheppard) had agitated Cromwell in the past by expressing their concerns about the Army's attitude toward Parliament. It is possible that Allen, therefore, wrote the document brazenly himself before he died but is more likely named as the author as retribution from one of the other two authors.

</doc>
<doc id="6010511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010511" title="Ethan Wayne">
Ethan Wayne

John Ethan Wayne, better known by his stage name Ethan Wayne (born February 22, 1962 in Encino, California, also billed under his given name) is an American actor, son of actor John Wayne and his third wife Pilar Pallete Wayne. Ethan grew up in Newport Beach where he shared his father's love of the ocean and outdoors. His name was chosen in direct relation to John Wayne's character in "The Searchers", Ethan Edwards. 
Ethan started doing stunt work after the death of his father in 1979, his first film was "The Blues Brothers", then went on to work as an actor. His first two major film appearances were in 1981, in the comedy "Longshot", and the slasher film "Scream". He played Little Jake, the grandson of his father's title character in "Big Jake", in the NBC TV movie "The Alamo: 13 Days to Glory", as Edward Taylor in 1986, Storm Logan on the CBS soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful" (with Robert Mitchum's granddaughter Carrie Mitchum, whom he had met on the "Big Jake" set), 1987 through 1988 which led to a lot of work overseas, and his role as Officer Matt Doyle on "The New Adam-12" (Universal Studios) 1989 through 1991. He appeared as an expert on John Wayne memorabilia on History channel's "Pawn Stars" in the Episode "Dog Day Afternoon" which aired January 14, 2014.
He now manages John Wayne Enterprises (www.johnwayne.com) and serves as the Director of the John Wayne Cancer Foundation and created its Team DUKE fundraising program (www.teamduke.org).
He is the brother of Aissa and Marisa, and the half-brother of Patrick, Toni, Melinda, and Michael Wayne.

</doc>
<doc id="6010528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010528" title="Sittin' on a Fence">
Sittin' on a Fence

"Sittin' on a Fence" is a song written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards of the British rock and roll band The Rolling Stones. The song was given to the singing duo Twice as Much, who released it as their debut single in May 1966. This version became a top forty hit on the UK Singles Chart and also received some attention in the United States, where it charted on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.
The Rolling Stones' version was recorded in December 1965 during the Aftermath sessions, and released first in the United States on the 1967 album "Flowers". It was released in Great Britain in 1969 on the greatest hits album "Through the Past, Darkly (Big Hits Vol. 2)". The Rolling Stones did not release this song as a single. Towards the end of the acoustically driven song, a harpsichord, played by Brian Jones, can be heard.
Rolling Stones Version.
It's also on the 1972 compilation "More Hot Rocks (Big Hits & Fazed Cookies)".

</doc>
<doc id="6010536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010536" title="The Green Shack">
The Green Shack

The Green Shack was a restaurant located on Fremont Street in Las Vegas, Nevada that is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places. It was opened by Mattie Jones and was famous for its fried chicken.
History.
Opened in 1929 and known as the "Colorado" when it opened on Christmas Eve 1929, the Green Shack had previously been the "Swanky Club". With the addition of an old Union Pacific Railroad barracks for expansion, it was renamed Green Shack in 1932. The green paint on the addition was the source of the new name.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 3, 1994.
The Green Shack closed in May 1999 by Jim and Barbara McCormick who were the owners, and was demolished several years later. When it closed, the Green Shack was the oldest restaurant in Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="6010539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010539" title="Martin Speight">
Martin Speight

Martin Speight (born October 24, 1967) is a former English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a wicket-keeper. After his education at Hurstpierpoint College and St Chad's College, Durham University, he played for Sussex, Wellington and Durham in first-class cricket, before capping off a 17-year career with Northumberland.
He joined Sussex in 1986, playing two Youth Test matches the following calendar year, against Sri Lanka Young Cricketers. In July 1987, he participated in his debut Second XI Championship match, in a draw against Hampshire. Participating in the competition six more times over the next six years, he didn't appear again in the Second XI side until 2000, instead participating in the senior First XI with great frequency. He first played in the 1987 B&H Cup, continuing in that competition for five years, before playing in it for the last time in 1996. 
He finished his career in 2003 for Northumberland, making his bow in the 2003 C&G Trophy.
In 1992 Speight won the Walter Lawrence Trophy for the fastest first-class century. 
He is currently a coach at South Northumberland CC and a commentator for BBC radio Newcastle for selected Durham fixtures. 

</doc>
<doc id="6010541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010541" title="United States Army Sergeants Major Academy">
United States Army Sergeants Major Academy

The United States Army Sergeants Major Academy (USASMA) was established on 1 July 1972 at Fort Bliss, Texas, and began instruction in January 1973. Its curriculum is designed to broaden the student's current knowledge base. This approach differs from the Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) related training at the basic and advanced levels of the Noncommissioned Officer Education System. The prime educational technique employed throughout the course is the small group participatory learning process.
Courses.
Warrior Leader Course.
The Sergeants Major Academy was established by General Order in July 1972 and started educating sergeants major in January 1973 with Class 1 consisting of 105 students. The Academy was also given the mission to further the efforts to standardize noncommissioned officer education, resulting in the addition of the Primary Leadership Development Course (PLDC), now known as the Warrior Leader Course (WLC). This course is a blend of the previous Primary Leadership Course (PLC) and the Primary Noncommissioned Officer Course (PNCOC) into one course that provides leadership tools to non-specific military occupations at the junior NCO level and newly structured against critical task and input from current operations learned during Operations Enduring and Iraqi Freedom. USASMA is the Army's proponent for course development for the Warrior Leader Course to educate junior noncommissioned officers preparing to assume positions as team or section sergeants.
Advanced Leader Course.
USASMA developed the common leader training for all Basic NCO Courses (BNCOC), and has been the proponent since 1984. USASMA is responsible for the development and delivery of common core leader tasks for the Advanced Leader Course (ALC-CC) as of October 2009 delivering 82 hours of course material to nearly 14,000 sergeants annually. MOS-specific versions of ALC are taught at the branch level.
Command Sergeant Major Course.
In 1989, USASMA began conducting the Command Sergeant Major Course (CSMC). The CSMC is a one week course that provides newly assigned command sergeants major (CSM) and CSM designees with the knowledge needed to serve effectively as a CSM at battalion and brigade level assignments. The 42.5 hours of instruction include leader transition, training management, sponsorship, assigning and utilizing soldiers, boards, retention, the NCOER system, quality of life and unit readiness. The training focus is on the commander/CSM relationship and the duties of the CSM in training the unit to mission standards. The course instructors are current CSMs brought in from the field. All noncommissioned officers awaiting positions as CSMs must attend this course. As of October 2006, the School of Command Preparation at Fort Leavenworth assumed responsibility for the execution of the course in concert with the officer pre-command course. 
Spouse Leader Development Course.
USASMA also conducts the Spouse Leader Development Course at the Academy. This course enhances the role of the senior noncommissioned officer spouse providing insight and guidance regarding their future assignments and participation as members of family readiness groups and command team partners. 
Battle Staff Noncommissioned Officer Course.
In January 1991, USASMA began instructing the Battle Staff Noncommissioned Officer Course (BSNCOC). This course effectively combines the programs of instruction (POIs) of the former Operations and Intelligence Course and the Personnel and Logistics Course into a six-week integrated program and prepared junior staff NCO with the skills necessary to conduct operations in tactical operations centers at all levels of command.
Structured Self-Development.
Starting in October 2010, the Sergeants Major Academy developed and delivered level I of Structured Self-Development (SSD) where every soldier graduating from advanced individual training is automatically enrolled and must complete it to be eligible for attendance to the Warrior Leader Course or promotion to sergeant. There is no level II SSD as ALC-CC substitutes for level II participation. SSD III concentrates on platoon-level tasks and is required for staff sergeants for them to be eligible for attendance to the Senior Leader Course and consideration for promotion to sergeant first class. SSD IV was developed and launched for Master Sergeants to complete as a prerequisite for attendance to the Sergeants Major Course. SSD V trains promotable master sergeants and sergeants major for nominative and joint assignments and will be a requirement for those positions starting January 1, 2015.
Other Missions.
In addition to being the proponent for NCOES, USASMA is also responsible for The NCO Journal and The United States Army Hertiage Center of the Noncommissioned Officer.
Leadership.
Commandant: CSM Rory Malloy
Former Leadership.
Commandant: CSM Raymond F. Chandler, 1st Enlisted Commandant
Hall of Honor.
The United States Army Sergeants Major Academy’s Hall of Honor was established on 5 May 2006 as "a means of recognizing outstanding individuals who have made significant and long-lasting contributions to the USASMA and the Army’s NCO Education System." To date there have been 28 members selected for that honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6010542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010542" title="Period mapping">
Period mapping

In mathematics, in the field of algebraic geometry, the period mapping relates families of Kähler manifolds to families of Hodge structures.
Ehresmann's theorem.
Let be a holomorphic submersive morphism. For a point "b" of "B", we denote the fiber of "f" over "b" by "X""b". Fix a point 0 in "B". Ehresmann's theorem guarantees that there is a small open neighborhood "U" around 0 in which "f" becomes a fiber bundle. That is, is diffeomorphic to . In particular, the composite map
is a diffeomorphism. This diffeomorphism is not unique because it depends on the choice of trivialization. The trivialization is constructed from smooth paths in "U", and it can be shown that the homotopy class of the diffeomorphism depends only on the choice of a homotopy class of paths from "b" to 0. In particular, if "U" is contractible, there is a well-defined diffeomorphism up to homotopy.
The diffeomorphism from "X""b" to "X"0 induces an isomorphism of cohomology groups
and since homotopic maps induce identical maps on cohomology, this isomorphism depends only on the homotopy class of the path from "b" to 0.
Local unpolarized period mappings.
Assume that "f" is proper and that "X"0 is a Kähler variety. The Kähler condition is open, so after possibly shrinking "U", "X""b" is compact and Kähler for all "b" in "U". After shrinking "U" further we may assume that it is contractible. Then there is a well-defined isomorphism between the cohomology groups of "X"0 and "X""b". These isomorphisms of cohomology groups will not in general preserve the Hodge structures of "X"0 and "X""b" because they are induced by diffeomorphisms, not biholomorphisms. Let denote the "p"th step of the Hodge filtration. The Hodge numbers of "Xb" are the same as those of "X"0, so the number is independent of "b". The period map is the map
where "F" is the flag variety of chains of subspaces of dimensions "b""p","k" for all "p", that sends
Because "Xb" is a Kähler manifold, the Hodge filtration satisfies the Hodge–Riemann bilinear relations. These imply that
Not all flags of subspaces satisfy this condition. The subset of the flag variety satisfying this condition is called the unpolarized local period domain and is denoted formula_6. formula_6 is an open subset of the flag variety "F".
Local polarized period mappings.
Assume now not just that each "X""b" is Kähler, but that there is a Kähler class that varies holomorphically in "b". In other words, assume there is a class ω in such that for every "b", the restriction ω"b" of ω to "X""b" is a Kähler class. ω"b" determines a bilinear form "Q" on "H""k"("X""b", C) by the rule
This form varies holomorphically in "b", and consequently the image of the period mapping satisfies additional constraints which again come from the Hodge–Riemann bilinear relations. These are:
The polarized local period domain is the subset of the unpolarized local period domain whose flags satisfy these additional conditions. The first condition is a closed condition, and the second is an open condition, and consequently the polarized local period domain is a locally closed subset of the unpolarized local period domain and of the flag variety "F". The period mapping is defined in the same way as before.
The polarized local period domain and the polarized period mapping are still denoted formula_6 and formula_11, respectively.
Global period mappings.
Focusing only on local period mappings ignores the information present in the topology of the base space "B". The global period mappings are constructed so that this information is still available. The difficulty in constructing global period mappings comes from the monodromy of "B": There is no longer a unique homotopy class of diffeomorphisms relating the fibers "Xb" and "X0". Instead, distinct homotopy classes of paths in "B" induce possibly distinct homotopy classes of diffeomorphisms and therefore possibly distinct isomorphisms of cohomology groups. Consequently there is no longer a well-defined flag for each fiber. Instead, the flag is defined only up to the action of the fundamental group.
In the unpolarized case, define the "monodromy group" Γ to be the subgroup of GL("Hk"("X"0, Z)) consisting of all automorphisms induced by a homotopy class of curves in "B" as above. The flag variety is a quotient of a Lie group by a parabolic subgroup, and the monodromy group is an arithmetic subgroup of the Lie group. The global unpolarized period domain is the quotient of the local unpolarized period domain by the action of Γ (it is thus a collection of double cosets). In the polarized case, the elements of the monodromy group are required to also preserve the bilinear form "Q", and the global polarized period domain is constructed as a quotient by Γ in the same way. In both cases, the period mapping takes a point of "B" to the class of the Hodge filtration on "Xb".
Properties.
Griffiths proved that the period map is holomorphic. His transversality theorem limits the range of the period map.
Period matrices.
The Hodge filtration can be expressed in coordinates using period matrices. Choose a basis δ1, ..., δr for the torsion-free part of the "k"th integral homology group . Fix "p" and "q" with , and choose a basis ω1, ..., ωs for the harmonic forms of type . The period matrix of "X"0 with respect to these bases is the matrix
The entries of the period matrix depend on the choice of basis and on the complex structure. The δs can be varied by a choice of a matrix Λ in , and the ωs can be varied by a choice of a matrix "A" in . A period matrix is "equivalent" to Ω if it can be written as "A"ΩΛ for some
choice of "A" and Λ.
The case of elliptic curves.
Consider the family of elliptic curves
where λ is any complex number not equal to zero or one. The Hodge filtration on the first cohomology group of a curve has two steps, "F"0 and "F"1. However, "F"0 is the entire cohomology group, so the only interesting term of the filtration is "F"1, which is "H"1,0, the space of holomorphic harmonic 1-forms.
"H"1,0 is one-dimensional because the curve is elliptic, and for all λ, it is spanned by the differential form . To find explicit representatives of the homology group of the curve, note that the curve can be represented as the graph of the multivalued function
on the Riemann sphere. The branch points of this function are at zero, one, λ, and infinity. Make two branch cuts, one running from zero to one and the other running from λ to infinity. These exhaust the branch points of the function, so they cut the multi-valued function into two single-valued sheets. Fix a small . On one of these sheets, trace the curve . For ε sufficiently small, this curve surrounds the branch cut and does not meet the branch cut . Now trace another curve δ("t") that begins in one sheet as for and continues in the other sheet as for . Each half of this curve connects the points 1 and λ on the two sheets of the Riemann surface. From the Seifert–van Kampen theorem, the homology group of the curve is free of rank two. Because the curves meet in a single point, , neither of their homology classes is a proper multiple of some other homology class, and hence they form a basis of "H"1. The period matrix for this family is therefore
The first entry of this matrix we will abbreviate as "A", and the second as "B".
The bilinear form √(−1)"Q" is positive definite because locally, we can always write ω as "f dz", hence
By Poincaré duality, γ and δ correspond to cohomology classes γ* and δ* which together are a basis for . It follows that ω can be written as a linear combination of γ* and δ*. The coefficients are given by evaluating ω with respect to the dual basis elements γ and δ:
When we rewrite the positive definiteness of "Q" in these terms, we have
Since γ* and δ* are integral, they do not change under conjugation. Furthermore, since γ and δ intersect in a single point and a single point is a generator of "H"0, the cup product of γ* and δ* is the fundamental class of "X"0. Consequently this integral equals formula_19. The integral is strictly positive, so neither "A" nor "B" can be zero.
After rescaling ω, we may assume that the period matrix equals for some complex number τ with strictly positive imaginary part. This removes the ambiguity coming from the action. The action of is then the usual action of the modular group on the upper half-plane. Consequently, the period domain is the Riemann sphere. This is the usual parameterization of an elliptic curve as a lattice.

</doc>
<doc id="6010557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010557" title="Serer language">
Serer language

Serer, sometimes called Serer-Sine "Serer proper" ("Seereer-Siin", etc.) after its prestige dialect, is a language of the Senegambian branch of Niger–Congo spoken by 1.2 million people in Senegal and 30,000 in the Gambia. It is the principal language of the Serer people.
Classification.
Serer is one of the Senegambian languages, which are characterized by consonant mutation. The traditional classification of Atlantic is that of Sapir (1971), which found that Serer was closest to Fulani. However, a widely cited misreading of the data by Wilson (1989) inadvertently exchanged Serer for Wolof. Segerer (2009, 2010) confirms Sapir's findings on this point; Serer and Fulani are closely related (they share noun-class suffixes not found elsewhere in Atlantic), while Wolof is relatively distant from either.
Dialects of Serer are Serer Sine (the prestige dialect), Segum, Fadyut-Palmerin, Dyegueme (Gyegem), and Niominka. They are mutually intelligible.
Not all Serer people speak Serer. About 200,000 speak Cangin languages. Because the speakers are ethnically Serer, these are commonly thought to be Serer dialects. However, they are not closely related: Serer is significantly closer to Fulani than it is to Cangin.
Phonology.
Consonants.
The voiceless implosives are also written ; these are highly unusual sounds.
Serer greetings.
The following greetings and responses are spoken in most regions of Senegal that have Serer speakers.
"Nam fi'o?" (pronounced "nam feeyoh") = How are you doing?
"Mexe meen." (pronounced "may hay men") = I am here.
"Ta mbind na?" (pronounced, "tah mbind nah") = How is the family?
"Owa maa." (pronounced "owa maa") = It is good.
In Senegalese culture, greetings are very important. Sometimes, people will spend several minutes greeting each other.

</doc>
<doc id="6010559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010559" title="Yummie">
Yummie

Yummie is a Swedish bubblegum dance group from Haninge outside Stockholm, whose music sounds sweet and sugary, with thumping dance beats and rather silly and funny lyrics. It has been suggested that the group sounds like a composition of dance groups Aqua and Ace of Base, with some songs being more bubblegum poppy than dance.
History.
Yummie's roots are in a group known as Unit C, which was formed in 1995 and originally consisted of Petra Garnås, Göran Florén, and Thomas Walther. Following a performance at a local television station, at which Unit C met Teddy Gustavsson, Gustavsson soon joined the group as well.
A demo music video for the song "Hello" (which would later be included in their debut album in a remixed form) was created in 1997, and after a series of live performances and songs recorded in the studio, the label Stockhouse picked up Unit C.
The group's sound was changing, and Unit C was known as Bubblegum from 1998 to 1999. In 1999, Bubblegum's name was changed to Yummie. Also in 1999, the group's best known song, Bubblegum, was released as a single.
In 2000, the group's debut album Sweet 'n Sour was released in several countries, including Japan, Estonia, Norway, and the group's native Sweden.
After releasing the song Get Out of my Face to radio stations and successfully performing at Estonia's Laulupidu, the group disbanded in 2001. An album called Bar B Q was also in the works prior to the split, but was never released due to fears of the group not getting enough sales, and having the album illegally downloaded instead.
Discography.
Albums.
Sweet'n'Sour (May 16, 2000)
Reunion.
The members of Yummie have announced that they are returning for their ten-year anniversary under the name Yummie in 2009. According to the members, both new and unreleased songs will be released, as well as new mixes of existing songs.

</doc>
<doc id="6010561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010561" title="The First Testament">
The First Testament

The First Testament is a unreleased album by Wu-Tang Clan affiliated group Sunz of Man. In 2004 the album re-released as Elements. A number of tracks from the album were released on singles, including "Deep in the Water", "In the Beginning..." and "The Sins of Men". However, due to heavy bootlegging, the album never saw a proper release. The group took a hiatus, while Killah Priest established his solo career.

</doc>
<doc id="6010582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010582" title="Tite">
Tite

Tite may refer to:
People:
Places:

</doc>
<doc id="6010583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010583" title="Citropsis">
Citropsis

Citropsis is a genus of flowering plants in the citrus family, Rutaceae. They are known generally as African cherry oranges. They are native to Africa.
This genus is in the subfamily Aurantioideae, which also includes genus "Citrus". It is in the tribe Citreae and subtribe Citrinae, which are known technically as the citrus fruit trees. "Citropsis" and the genus "Atalantia" are also called near-citrus fruit trees. The genus "Citropsis" is thought to be an ancestral group of genus "Citrus". Fruit-bearing intergeneric hybrids have been established between "Citropsis gabunensis" and "Citrus wakonai".
A root extract of "C. articulata" is popular in Uganda as an herbal aphrodisiac. The tree is known locally by the name "omuboro", and by a number of nicknames that reference male genitalia. Demand for the roots may lead to the overexploitation of the tree.
Taxa include:

</doc>
<doc id="6010589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010589" title="Beit Jann">
Beit Jann

Beit Jann (; ) is an Druze village on Mt. Meron, in northern Israel. At 940 meters above sea level, Beit Jann is one of the highest inhabited locations in the country. In 2009, the population was 10,500, and the inhabitants are predominantly members of the Druze community.
History.
Beit Jann is an ancient village site at the top of a hill. Old stones have been reused in village homes, and cisterns and tombs carved into rock have also been found.
About 1250 CE, Beit Jann was mentioned among the casales of the Teutonic knights, named "Beitegen".
According to local legend, Druze families in the area lived in scattered colonies in the hills near sources of water until the 13th or 14th century. Two hunters looking for hyraxes stumbled upon a cave where they found an ancient cistern filled with water. Concluding that this was a good place for permanent settlement, several families settled on the site of what would become Beit Jann.
Ottoman era.
In 1517, the village was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire with the rest of Palestine, and in 1596, "Bayt Jinn" appeared in Ottoman tax registers as being in "nahiya" (subdistrict) of Akka under the "liwa"' (district) of Safad. It had a population of 102 households and 5 bachelors, all Muslims. They paid taxes on a special product: "dulab harir", occasional revenues, goats and/or beehives, olive oil press and/or a press for grape syrup.
In August 1754, the missionary Stephan Schulz visited the village. He noted that the inhabitants produced water-skins, and described the grapes of the region as particularly large and fine. 
The American biblical scholar Edward Robinson described Beit Jann as a "large well-built village" in 1852, with houses made of limestone. There were 260 males, all Druze, in the village. In 1875, the French explorer Victor Guérin visited the village, which he called "Beit Djenn". He estimated it had two hundred people, all Druze. He further noted that "A few years ago it was much larger, as is indicated by the abandoned houses which are beginning to fall into ruins. I am told that
their occupants have fled to the Hauran to escape conscription.".. "The flanks of the hill on which the village stands are covered with vines which creep
along the ground; their grapes of a prodigious size.." In 1881 the Palestine Exploration Fund's "Survey of Western Palestine" described Beit Jenn as a good village built of stone, with 300 Muslims and 100 Druze, with extensive gardens and vineyards.
British Mandate era.
In the 1922 census of Palestine conducted by the British Mandate authorities, "Bait Jan" had a population of 902: 6 Muslims, 1 Christian and 895 Druze. At the time of the 1931 census, Beit Jann had 229 occupied houses and a population of 1100 Druze and 1 Muslim.
In 1945 the population of Beit Jann together with Ein al-Asad was 1,640, all Arabs, who owned 43,550 dunams of land according to an official land and population survey. 2,530 dunams were plantations and irrigable land, 7,406 used for cereals, while 67 dunams were built-up (urban) land.
post 1948.
In September 1991, the body of Samir Assad, an Israel Defense Forces soldier from Beit Jann, held since 1983 by the DFLP, was returned in exchange for the return to Israel of exiled members of the DFLP. 
In July 2006, during the Second Lebanon War, Beit Jann was hit by Katyusha rockets fired by Hezbollah. Illegal logging in the vicinity Beit Jann has led to conflicts with park officials and rangers.
Geography and climate.
Beit Jann has a cool climate, even in summer, and offers panoramic views that stretch as far as the Sea of Galilee and the Mediterranean on a clear day. Several families in the village run bed and breakfast facilities. The village is located inside the Mount Meron nature reserve.
Education.
In 2013, Beit Jann high school was ranked first in the country for the number of students graduating with a bagrut matriculation certificate. 

</doc>
<doc id="6010592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010592" title="The Old Testament (album)">
The Old Testament (album)

The Old Testament is a greatest-hits album of the group Sunz of Man, released in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6010599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010599" title="Milosh">
Milosh

Michael Milosh, known professionally as Milosh, is a Canadian electronic musician. As well as being an electronic musician, he is a classically trained cellist starting from age three, as well as a jazz aficionado. He describes himself as wanting to make music that moves its listeners, whether it be "good, bad or sad".
The Los Angeles-based record label Plug Research released two of Milosh's albums including 2004's "You Make Me Feel" and 2006's "Meme". He also contributed the track "Then it Happened" on the Ghostly International/Williams Street album "Ghostly Swim", which was released as an MP3 download on April 22, 2008. He then Released his Third record, iii, with plug research in the U.S. and !K7 in the Eu. He formed the band Rhye, with Robin Hannibal, and they released the debut album, "Woman" in March 2013. He released his 4th solo record in Nov 2013, Jetlag, 6 months after the release of Woman on his own label, Deadly. 
To quote "Milosh":
I started playing cello at the age of three and looking back, with older eyes, I have to admit that I've always had an intense attraction to songs that are sad, soft and beautiful. I ended up studying music in University (drums and voice) and playing in many different kinds of bands from rock to jazz. Ultimately though, I've always wanted to create songs that in some way come from that same place in me that felt so much for the music that defined my childhood -- beautiful music. I try to capture moments of my life in the songs that I create. I take things that, for whatever reason -- be it good, bad or sad, have moved me in some way. I wrap them up in sounds that I think are cool and fit what I am trying to say. I try to ride that thin line of mixing technology with some heart and I try not to cloud the original intention of the song. Basically I like pretty things and in turn I am trying to make pretty things.
Milosh, who is from Toronto, Ontario, is currently based in Los Angeles U.S.A.

</doc>
<doc id="6010606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010606" title="White-throated magpie-jay">
White-throated magpie-jay

The White-throated Magpie-Jay ("Calocitta formosa") is a large Central American jay species. It ranges in Pacific-slope thornforest from Jalisco, Mexico to Guanacaste, Costa Rica. Magpie-jays are noisy, gregarious birds, often traveling in easy-to-find flocks, mobbing their observers.
Taxonomy.
White-throated Magpie-Jay hybridizes in Jalisco with Black-throated Magpie-Jay ("C. colliei"), with which it forms a superspecies. There are three recognised subspecies, the nominate race, which is only found in southern Mexico; "C. f. azurea", which is found in south eastern Mexico and western Guatemala, and "C. f. pompata", which runs from south eastern Mexico to Costa Rica.
Description.
The White-throated Magpie-jay is between in length and weighs . The species has a particularly long tail, and a slightly curved crest of feathers on the head. The crest is black in the nominate race, but has blue or white margins on the other two subspecies. The nominate race has a white face with a black crown and margin to the face, forming a narrow band around the throat, as well as a small drop below the eye. The black is less extensive in the other subspecies. The breast, belly and underside of the rump are white, and the wings, mantle and tail are blue (with whitish margins on the tail). The legs and eye are black, and the bill is grey. The plumage of the females is mostly as that of the male but duller on the top, with a narrower band across the chest, and the tail is shorter.
Habitat.
The White-throated Magpie-jay is associated with a wide range of habitats from arid environments to semi-humid woodlands, from sea-level up to , although only occasionally higher than . It occurs rarely in columnar cacti forest, but is common in thorn-forest, gallery forest, deciduous woodland, forest edges and cultivated areas like coffee plantations. The species does not undertake any migratory movements, although males disperse away from their natal territories a few years after fledging. It is a common species across its range, and is not considered threatened by human activities. 
Behaviour.
White-throated Magpie-jays are omnivorous, consuming a wide range of animal and plant matter. Items included in the diet include invertebrates such as insects and caterpillars, frogs, lizards, eggs and nestlings of other birds, seeds, fruits, grain, and nectar from "Balsa" blossoms. Younger birds take several years to acquire the full range of foraging skills of their parents.

</doc>
<doc id="6010607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010607" title="Peki'in">
Peki'in

Peki'in (alternatively Peqi'in) () or Buqei'a (), is a Druze town with local council status in Israel's Northern District. It is located eight kilometres east of Ma'alot-Tarshiha in the Upper Galilee. In 2013, the population was 5,200. 
History.
Classic antiquity.
According to the Talmud, Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai and his son, Rabbi Elazar ben Shimon, hid in a cave from the Romans for 13 years after the collapse of the Bar Kochba rebellion against Roman rule. According to the story, Rabbi Shimon and his son lived off spring water and the fruit of a miraculous carob tree during their years of hiding, and passed the time by studying Torah.
Peki'in is frequently mentioned in historical sources in reference to the Jewish community that existed there almost continuously since the Second Temple period.
Ottoman period.
In 1596, Peki'in appeared in Ottoman tax registers as being in the "Nahiya" of Akka of the "Liwa" of Safad. It had a population of 77 Muslim households and 7 Muslim bachelors and 79 Jewish households. It paid taxes on a special product (called dulab harir), occasional revenues, goats and/or beehives, a press for olives or grapes, and jizya.
The French explorer Victor Guérin visited the village and described it as: "The population at present number 600—Druzes, United Greeks, Schismatic Greeks, and a few Jewish families, who pretend to descend from the ancient inhabitants of the country. Every year in the summer several hundreds of Jews come here from Tiberias to pass the hot season. Most of these Jews came originally from Europe, and are happy in finding here the last indigenous scions of the ancient national stock. ... At Bukeiah, thanks to the two springs which issue from the hill-side, they cultivate on the slopes and almost to the bottom of the valley delicious gardens, watered by numerous streams. Here grow, on different terraces, kept up by great walls, probably ancient, fruit-trees of all kinds, such as citrons, oranges, pomegranates, figs, quinces, and mulberries. The vine flourishes marvelously, as is shown by the enormous trunks. The United Greeks have a little church, which I found shut; the Schismatic Greeks also have one which has replaced a much more ancient Christian sanctuary. Only a few cut stones and the trunk of a column remain of it.The Jews worship in a synagogue of modern date."
In 1881, the Palestine Exploration Fund's "Survey of Western Palestine" described it as "A good village, built of stone, containing a chapel and a synagogue. There are about 100 Moslems, 100 Christians, 100 Druzes, and 100 Jews. It is situated on the slope of tine hill, with gardens, figs, olives, pomegranates, and arable land. 
There is a good spring in the village, and two springs near. This is the only place where Jews cultivate the ground. They say it has descended to them from their fathers from time immemorial."
British Mandate era.
In a census conducted in 1922 by the British Mandate authorities, Al Buqai'a had a population of 652; 70 Muslims, 63 Jews, 215 Christians and 304 Druse, while in the 1931 census, El Buqei'a had 190 occupied houses and a total population of 799; 71 Muslims, 52 Jews, 264 Christians and 412 Druse.
In 1936, Arab riots forced the Jews of Peki'in to leave their homes for safer parts of the country; only a few of them later returned.
In 1945 the population was 990, all Arabs, owning 10,276 dunams, while Jews owned 189 dunams, and 3,731 was publicly owned, according to an official land and population survey. Of this, 1,598 were allocated for plantations and irrigable land, 3,424 for cereals, while 40 dunams were classified as built-up areas.
State of Israel.
In July 2006, Peki'in was hit by Katyusha rockets launched by Hezbollah, causing significant damage to homes and orchards.
In October 2007, riots broke out after the installation of a cellular antenna due to concerns that such antennas have been linked to an increase in cancer. Riot police fired bullets and gas grenades, which further angered the residents, who burned down the house of a Jewish family living in the village. In December 2007, the last Jewish family left the town after their car was torched. Only Margalit Zinati, a descendant of a Mustarabim family, has remained there to keep alive the memory of the town's vanishing Jewish heritage.
In 2011, the Israeli government approved an aid program of NIS 680 million ($184M) for housing, education and tourism upgrades in Peki'in and other Druze communities in northern Israel.
Education and culture.
The Druze Youth Movement in Israel, a movement with 19 branches around the country and a membership of 12,000, has its headquarters in Peki'in. The founder of the movement is Hamad Amar, an Israeli Druze member of the Knesset from Shfaram, who established it to pass on Druze heritage to the younger generation while developing a sense of national Israeli pride . 
Tourism.
According to Galib Kheir, head of the town's tourism department, about 60,000 tourists visit Peki'in each year. The tourist trade supports local restaurants and specialty shops. The town also has a hotel and youth hostel.

</doc>
<doc id="6010623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010623" title="George O'Brien (painter)">
George O'Brien (painter)

George O'Brien (1821-1888) was an engineer of aristocratic background who turned to art in 19th century Australasia, dying in poverty but leaving a body of remarkable work.
Biography.
George O'Brien was born at Dromoland Castle County Clare, Ireland in 1821 he was the fifth son of Admiral Robert O'Brien, a direct descendant of Murrough O'Brien, 57th King of Thomond Baron Inchiquin, and of Brian Boroimhe, Monarch of Ireland (?-1014). George O'Brien was a first cousin of William Smith O'Brien (1803-1864) deported to Tasmania for his part in the 1848 'Young Ireland' uprising, and a cousin too of James Fitzgerald, at one time Superintendent of the Canterbury Province in New Zealand.
Despite these distinguished connections the family was not well-heeled. Young George O'Brien may have been trained by a brother as a civil engineer. His parents died when he was young and it seems that by a very early age he was in Melbourne, Australia. Views of the town dated 1839 and 1840 survive in the collection of the state library. It seems he left soon afterwards but was back by 1850 arriving from London on the Midlothian. He worked as a draughtsman in the surveyor's office and in 1853 married Jane Mashford at St. James' church Melbourne. He was active in the Victoria Fine Arts Society and by 1854 was advertising his services as an architect and surveyor. He exhibited paintings in 1856 and 1858 and nine signed and dated watercolours of St. Kilda and nearby places in Melbourne are recorded.
By December 1863 O'Brien was living at Duncan Street in Dunedin New Zealand no doubt attracted by the prosperity induced by the Otago gold rushes. He worked as a civil engineer; was employed at times by the Town Board and supplied architectural perspectives of buildings designed by several Dunedin firms. He seems to have had more than a nodding acquaintance with R.A. Lawson. A number of O'Brien's watercolours were exhibited in the 1865 New Zealand Industrial Exhibition. He associated with W.M. Hodgkins, a lawyer and aspiring watercolour painter who became very influential in Dunedin's art world. O'Brien may have given Hodgkins some instruction. O'Brien's manner showed his background in measured draughtsmanship but also represented a kind of neo-classical painting. In the colonial context he was unusual in taking buildings and townscape as his subject matter. In 1876 he attended a meeting of the Otago Art Society and was well represented in that body's inaugural annual exhibition held later that year. His paintings were ill-received by one critic, probably Thomas Bracken, which represents the arrival in New Zealand of the new taste for Turneresque Romantic landscape and the beginning of the demise of O'Brien's more old-fashioned neo-classicism. Nevertheless, when O'Brien's wife died in 1879, leaving him with five daughters to raise, he embarked on a career as a professional artist.
He was versatile and energetic travelling around southern New Zealand, but also a heavy drinker and immensely fat. His habits were bohemian and eventually his oldest daughter, now married, removed her younger siblings while O'Brien continued lodging with a sailor and his wife in a poor part of the city. He spent a year in Auckland in 1887 but returned to Dunedin where he died on the 30th of August 1888. His landlady inherited his residual collection and he was interred in a then unmarked grave in the northern cemetery.
Legacy.
Since his death O'Brien's reputation has improved. Hailed by people like Rodney Kennedy and Colin McCahon as a topographer untouched by artistic fashion he is not that but a highly able neo-classical painter with a most unusual urban vision.
The late 20th century saw a number of exhibitions toured around the country and new studies of his work. His 'Designs of R.A.Lawson', now in the Otago Settlers Museum Dunedin, is often reproduced and his 'Dunedin from the Junction' 1869, in the same repository, is well known. His 'Water of Leith Brewery' of about 1865 (also in the Otago Settlers Museum) is an excellent example of his urban vision while 'Lawyer's Head from Forbury Head...' of 1870, in the collection of the Dunedin Public Art Gallery represents his pure landscape work somewhere near its best. He is represented in the State Library of Victoria, Melbourne, the National Gallery of Victoria Melbourne, and in all the major New Zealand public collections, but most notably in the Otago Settlers Museum and the Hocken Collections, Dunedin.

</doc>
<doc id="6010624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010624" title="Łomna, Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County">
Łomna, Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County

Łomna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Czosnów, south-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="6010627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010627" title="Reaction Research Society">
Reaction Research Society

The Reaction Research Society (not to be confused with UK-based Reaction Engines) is the oldest continuously operating amateur experimental rocket group in the United States. Founded by George James on 6 January 1943, originally as the Southern California Rocket Society, the organization's name was changed to the Glendale Rocket Society two months later. It is based in the Southern California desert.

</doc>
<doc id="6010630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010630" title="No Expectations">
No Expectations

"No Expectations" is a song by British rock and roll band The Rolling Stones featured on their 1968 album "Beggars Banquet". It was first released as the B-side of the "Street Fighting Man" single in August 1968. Brian Jones' acoustic slide guitar on the recording represents one of his last major contributions before leaving the band.
Inspiration and recording.
This slow ballad was written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards. Bill Janovitz says, "The loneliness expressed in the song is palpable; all about being left behind, the song is certainly a tribute in musical and lyrical tone to such Robert Johnson blues songs as "Love in Vain"-a favourite cover of the Stones-referencing such images as a train leaving the station."
Jagger said in a 1995 interview in "Rolling Stone", "That's Brian playing slide guitar. We were sitting around in a circle on the floor, singing and playing, recording with open mikes. That was the last time I remember Brian really being totally involved in something that was really worth doing". Accompanying Jones is Richards on acoustic rhythm guitar. Janovitz remarked that Richards, "play the same open-tuned rhythm he would later use on 'You Can't Always Get What You Want', also contributing to that lonely ambience." The song is also noted for its simple claves-kept beat by Charlie Watts and Nicky Hopkins's "building single-chord organ" and ornamental turns on piano. Many fans have considered this song to be Brian Jones' 'swan song'.
Aftermath.
The song's first live performance was filmed for "The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus", which documents Jones' last live performance with the band. The band has since rarely played the song live. The second, and most notable performance, was at the Hyde Park free concert on 5 July 1969, which was held as a memorial to Jones, who died two days before. The third live performance was at the 18 January 1973, benefit concert at the Los Angeles Forum for victims of the 23 December 1972, earthquake in Nicaragua. The Stones would not play it live again until 28 August 1994, in Cleveland, Ohio. On the 2002/03 "Licks" tour, they played it 11 times in total, and most recently they played it on their 50th anniversary tour in San Jose, California, on 8 May 2013, with Ronnie Wood playing the slide guitar. Former Stones guitarist Mick Taylor, who replaced Jones, has also covered the song during his concerts, including his 2012 performances at New York City's Iridium Jazz Club.
"No Expectations" is also included on the 1972 Stones compilation album "More Hot Rocks (Big Hits & Fazed Cookies)". The single version is available on "". 
Several covers of "No Expectations" have been released. Johnny Cash recorded a bluegrass-inspired version, available on his album "Gone Girl" and the collection "Essential Johnny Cash 1953-83". John Hartford performed another bluegrass cover on "Gum Tree Canoe". Waylon Jennings recorded a version for his 1998 album "Closing in on the Fire". Soulsavers recorded a piano version accompanied with Screaming Trees singer Mark Lanegan on their album "It's Not How Far You Fall, It's The Way You Land". Joan Baez also performed a cover on her 1970 album "One Day at a Time". Will Dailey and Jesse Dee performed the song live on WERS 88.9 in 2012 and the performance later made it onto the compilation "WERS Music For The Independent Mind Volume 7".
Beck also started playing this song in his concerts just after the release of "Sea Change". During his first tour after going on hiatus from the Black Crowes in 2002, singer Chris Robinson played the song as an acoustic duo with Paul Stacey. Jam bands Yonder Mountain String Band and Flatlander also often cover this song at their shows.

</doc>
<doc id="6010632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010632" title="Koreatown Immigrant Workers Alliance">
Koreatown Immigrant Workers Alliance

The Koreatown Immigrant Workers Alliance 한인타운 노동연대 (KIWA, pronounced kee-wah), also known under its past name Korean Immigrant Workers Advocates 남가주 한인 노동 상담소, is a multi-ethnic immigrant worker civil rights membership organization based in the Los Angeles Koreatown area.
KIWA was founded in 1992 by progressive minded Korean activists who saw class as the basic contradiction of the immigrant communities in Koreatown. It has since been involved in the aftermath of the 1992 Los Angeles Civil Unrest, campaigns to improve working conditions and immigrant worker empowerment in various Korean ethnic industries, the living wages campaign, and Koreatown's multi-ethnic community developments.
KIWA is perhaps best known recently for its long campaign against Assi Market, the largest ethnic Korean-owned supermarket of the United States, located in Koreatown. Started in the late 1990s, KIWA demands that Assi management rehire dozens of fired Latino and Korean workers who were fired for trying to organize a trade union.
Although initially staffed mostly by ethnic Koreans, KIWA grew to encompass Asian-Pacific American and Latino organizers and members. The Spanish language ""Alianza de trabajadores inmigrantes del Barrio Coreano"" had been in common use since the early 2000s; however the English language name was officially changed in March 2006 from "Korean Immigrant Workers Advocates" to "Koreatown Immigrant Workers Alliance". The Korean language "한인노동상담소" (Korean Worker's Center) has been changed to 한인타운 노동연대 to signify its geographical focus rather than on an ethnic group.
KIWA is a member organization of MIWON (Multi-Ethnic Immigrant Workers Alliance [http://www.miwon.org]), an alliance of four (formerly five) immigrant workers' centers in the Los Angeles area, and ENLACE, a U.S.-Mexico network of workers' centers.

</doc>
<doc id="6010633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010633" title="Adenor Leonardo Bacchi">
Adenor Leonardo Bacchi

Adenor Leonardo Bacchi, better known as Tite (; born 25 May 1961, Caxias do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul), is a Brazilian football manager. He has played for and managed a number of clubs. Tite is the former coach of Corinthians. Known for his eloquency, Tite is notorious for his rhetoric and his demeanor off the pitch, being nicknamed the ""Águia de Haia dos Pampas"", or the ""Eagle of the Hague of the Pampas"" by the journalist Milton Neves.
Club career.
Tite began his playing career in 1978 for Caxias. In 1984 he plays for Esportivo de Bento Gonçalves. In 1985 he played for Portuguesa. From 1986 until 1988 he played for Guarani, in which he achieved the greatest honors as a player in his career, being part of the squad that finished as runners-up in the 1986 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the 1987 Copa União and the 1988 São Paulo State Championship.
His career, however, was ended prematurely at the age of 27 due to successive knee injuries, which caused him to lose mobility in one of the knees.
Coaching career.
Early career.
Tite's first managerial job was for Guarany from Garibaldi city, in (1990) before spells at Veranópolis (1992-1993-1994-1995-1998), Ypiranga de Erechim (1996), and Juventude (1997).
Early success.
Caxias.
In 1999, Tite was hired by Caxias, his first club as a professional footballer, leading the team through a surprising campaign in the 2000 Campeonato Gaúcho. Caxias were the champions of the Rio Grande do Sul state tournament, defeating Ronaldinho Gaúcho's Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense, winning the first match at the finals by 3 goals to 0 and drawing the second one with no goals. Tite's success on the "Gauchão" drew the attention of the Rio Grande do Sul press, as the Campeonato Gaúcho is rarely claimed by any team other than the "big two", Grêmio and SC Internacional.
Grêmio.
Signed by Grêmio in 2001, Tite lead the Porto Alegre squad to another "Gauchão" title, defeating Juventude in the finals, winning by 3 goals to 2 and 3 goals to 1 and claiming the 2001 Campeonato Gaúcho for Grêmio.
In the same year, Grêmio won the 2001 Copa do Brasil under Tite's command, knocking out a respectable selection of teams throughout the brackets, such as Villa Nova on the first stage, Santa Cruz on the second, Fluminense on the round of 16, São Paulo FC on the quarter finals, and Coritiba FC on the semifinals. Facing Corinthians on the finals, Tite's Grêmio drew the first leg of the finals at their home stadium, Estádio Olímpico Monumental, by 2 goals to 2. In front of a capacity crowd at Estádio do Morumbi, Grêmio defeated Marcelinho Carioca and Müller's Corinthians by 3 goals to 1, claiming what would be Tite's first national title.
Tite would remain with the "Tricolor Gaúcho" until 2003, leaving the club after failing to lead the club to any substantial victory after the 2001 Copa do Brasil. Grêmio reached the third place at both the 2002 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A and the 2002 Copa Libertadores, but led Grêmio to a lackluster campaign during the year of 2003, which led to his departure from the club, exacerbated by his long spell as coach.
Leaving Rio Grande do Sul; Spells at São Paulo, Minas Gerais, and foreign clubs.
Tite was hired by São Caetano do Sul club Associação Desportiva São Caetano in 2003, with the goal of taking the "azulão" to the Copa Libertadores qualifying zone. Leading the team to a good campaign, São Caetano reached the fourth place in the league table, qualifying itself to the 2004 Copa Libertadores, being routed at the quarter-finals by CA Boca Juniors, after drawing both games and losing on penalty kicks. However, Tite had been fired by the club and replaced with Muricy Ramalho before the 2004 Campeonato Paulista.
Tite also coached Corinthians (2004–2005), Atlético Mineiro (2005), Palmeiras (2006), and Al Ain (2007).
Internacional.
Tite was signed in 2008 to Sport Club Internacional, despite the protests of the "colorado" supporters, who ressented the presence of the former coach of their rivals, Grêmio, as the club manager.
Since then, Tite lead the club to the sixth place in the 2008 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, and won the 2008 Copa Sudamericana over the Argentine club Estudiantes de la Plata, knocking out important Latin American clubs such as Universidad Católica, CA Boca Juniors, and Chivas Guadalajara along the way.
Under Tite's command "Inter" also won the 2009 Campeonato Gaúcho over Grêmio, and reached the 2009 Copa do Brasil finals, losing against Corinthians but knocking clubs such as Flamengo and Coritiba out of the competition. Inter were the runners-up of the 2009 Recopa Sudamericana, losing against LDU Quito in the finals. In the same year, Internacional won the 2009 Suruga Bank Championship, defeating Japanese club Oita Trinita.
In the 2009 season, Internacional had a very good first half of the season, however, its results greatly diminished during the second half, both in and out of the Beira-Rio stadium, "Inter"'s home. Tite was then fired by the directors of the club in 5 October.
Brief stay at Al-Wahda and return to Corinthians.
Tite was signed by United Arab Emirates side Al Wahda S.C.C.. Tite's stay was brief, as he was approached by his former club, Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, to replace coach Adilson Batista, who had left the team.
Campeonato Brasileiro 2010.
Tite returned to Corinthians in a complicated moment, as the club's battle for the 2010 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A title had been derailed by a 10-game dry spell, which caused the sacking of previous coach Adilson Batista with eight matches still to be played in the season. In spite of not winning the tournament, losing the title at the final round of the season after a draw against Goiás Esporte Clube from Goiânia, Corinthians had a solid campaign under Tite, remaining unbeaten through the final matches of the season, and finishing at a respectable third place, earning a berth at the 2011 Copa Libertadores first stage and cementing Tite's position.
Defeat at the Libertadores Cup.
After an uneventful debut at the 2011 Campeonato Paulista, defeating Portuguesa by 2 goals to nil, the Corinthians squad prepared itself for its matches against Deportes Tolima for the preliminary stage of the Libertadores cup. Drawing at Pacaembu stadium with no goals, Tite's squad raised suspicions with the fans and the press, as the preliminary stage of the continental competition was widely seen in Brazil as a preamble to the real competition, not being a proper part of it. With the moral obligation of winning the away leg of the match in Estadio Manuel Murillo Toro, at Ibagué, Colombia, Corinthians was under intense scrutiny of their supporters and detractors. Playing poorly against the Colombian squad, barely finishing or generating goal scoring opportunities, Tolima defeated Corinthians by 2 goals to 0, instilling the violent fury of the supporters, the mockery of the rival fans, and a massive crisis in the São Paulo team, as Corinthians was the first Brazilian team not to advance in the "Pré-Libertadores", as the preliminary stage of the cup is known. Despite the wide demand of the fans to fire him, the club president Andrés Sanchez reinforced the fact that Tite was still the coach.
Days later, 1994 and 2002 FIFA World Cup champion, all-time lead scorer at World Cup finals and two-time Ballon d'Or winner Ronaldo, criticized for his poor performance, physical shape, and lack of playing time for Corinthians throughout his spell with the team, announced his retirement from the sport. Fellow 2002 world cup champion Roberto Carlos departed the club for Daghestan's FC Anzhi Makhachkala alongside Jucilei, and Bruno César left the club for Benfica. The team, already without Elias, and soon to be without Dentinho, who would leave the club for Shaktar Donetsk, needed an overhaul. Tite enlisted the help of Portugal national football team's international, the Brazilian-Portuguese Liédson, who returned to Brazil and to Corinthians.
2011 Campeonato Paulista.
Soon after its Libertadores defeat, Corinthians had to face their rivals, Palmeiras, on the Campeonato Paulista. With Tite's job on the line, Corinthians won the derby by 1 goal to 0. Picking up important victories on the competition, Corinthians had qualified to the final stage of the "Paulistão", defeating Oeste in the quarter finals, Palmeiras in the semifinals, and drawing against Santos FC on the first leg of the finals. However, Santos won 2 to 1 in the second leg of the final match, winning their second state title in a row.
2011 Campeonato Brasileiro.
Off to an impressive start on the Brasileirão, with a 10-game undefeated streak, Corinthians spent most of the first half of the 2011 season as the leader of the competition, in spite of moments of unstability, such as its defeats against Avaí and rivals Palmeiras, coupled with draws against lower table clubs such as Ceará SC.
With a diminished performance during the second half of the season, Tite's job as a coach was being questioned by the fans, after repeated losses and a two-loss streak against Fluminense FC and Santos. The club president, Andrés Sanchez, did not budge and kept backing Tite's status as manager. Facing São Paulo FC in a derby match, Tite decided to remove club captain, the defender Chicão from the starting 11. The match ended in a goalless draw, quelling the demands of the fans and helping maintain Tite's managing position. Earning important, but sometimes lackluster results, such a 0–0 draw against direct competitors for the title CR Vasco da Gama, Tite's Corinthians went on undefeated until the 29th round, when it lost against Botafogo. In the 33rd round, Corinthians lost against América-MG, in a great upset. América, virtually relegated and firmly entrenched on the last place of the league, played at home, but decided to sell all of their game tickets to the opposing fans to improve finances, as América's matches typically had very low fan attendance. In front of a capacity crowd of "corintianos", América defeated Corinthians by 2 goals to 1, finally improving its condition on the league table. With five games to go until the end of the season, the demands for Tite's departure were mounting, and were once against quelled by a winning streak.
In the penultimate match of the competition, Corinthians needed a win against Figueirense FC and it needed Vasco da Gama to draw against Fluminense in order to become champions of the 2011 season. Routing the Florianópolis team with ease, "Coringão" was virtually the champion, as Vasco drew against Fluminense during the Rio de Janeiro derby. However, at the final minute of the match, Vasco scored, interrupting the celebrations of the São Paulo club, pushing the championship definition to the next and final round, on the coming Sunday.
Leading the league tables by the final round, Corinthians had 70 points and a higher win ratio, while Vasco had 68 points. Needing only a draw against bitter rivals Palmeiras to be consecrated as champions, Corinthians was in a better position than Vasco, who needed to defeat CR Flamengo and to Corinthians to lose against Palmeiras. Vasco did not manage to defeat Rio rivals Flamengo, and Corinthians drew against Palmeiras in a tense game, winning the Campeonato Brasileiro. This was Tite's first Campeonato Brasileiro title, and his second national title.
Tite was praised by the press for his persistence and his important tactical changes during the matches, and for promoting two important overhauls in the club, the first after the Libertadores defeat, and the second after the "Paulistão" finals loss.
2012 Copa Libertadores.
After a turbulent elimination in the 2012 Campeonato Paulista, in which Corinthians were eliminated in the playoffs by Ponte Preta, Tite managed the club to their first ever Libertadores title in an unbeaten campaign, defeating CA Boca Juniors in the finals.
2012 FIFA Club World Cup.
Entering the 2012 FIFA Club World Cup as the reigning South American champions, Corinthians earned a berth in the semifinals against the Egyptian club Al-Ahly, the reigning 2012 CAF Champions League champions. Edging the Africans by 1 goal to 0, Tite's defensive, possession-based tactics have been called into question, especially after the tense second-half of the game which saw the Egyptians create many goalscoring chances.
Advancing to the finals, Corinthians were to face the champions of Europe, Chelsea FC. The two teams were in deeply different stages of morale and form; Chelsea's interim manager, Rafa Benítez, was being heavily contested by the supporters, the captain of the team, John Terry, was out due to injury, and the team's main striker, 2010 FIFA World Cup winner, the Spaniard Fernando Torres was in poor form, not to mention that the Ivorian striker Didier Drogba, considered the best player on Chelsea by fans and pundits alike, had left the club seeking a lucrative contract in China's Shanghai Shenhua. Tite's squad lacked individual quality and talent, but was fine-tuned tactically and enjoyed a heavy boost of morale. The match saw the young goalkeeper Cássio save many dangerous shots, and Corinthians won after the Peruvian striker Paolo Guerrero scored a header against Petr Cech, winning the second World Club Cup title for the team, and the first for Tite.
2013 and the second leaving from Corinthians.
Despite of the titles of State of São Paulo League and Recopa Sudamericana, 2013 was not so good for Corinthians. The team was eliminated in Libertadores Cup, where they fought for second title, had a bad campaign in Brazilian League and also lost Brazilian Cup, after a penalty kick missed by Alexandre Pato, the main contraction for season.
This way, even loved by most part of Corinthians' fans, Tite, on November 14, decided no renew his contract with club. To conclude, Mano Menezes, former Brazilian team coach and Mario Gobbi's, president of club, friend, must return as "Alvinegro"'s coach.
Honours.
Manager.
Veranópolis
Caxias
Grêmio
Internacional
Corinthians
Personal life.
Tite is married and has a daughter and son Matheus, who plays Division II (NCAA) soccer at Carson–Newman University.
As a youth, he studied physical education under Luiz Felipe Scolari at school, who would become his mentor and then rival as a coach. He went on to graduate in physical education at the Pontifícia Universidade Católica de Campinas.

</doc>
<doc id="6010635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010635" title="Ben Ami">
Ben Ami

Ben Ami () is an agricultural settlement in the Matte Asher Regional Council in the North District of Israel, next to Nahariya. The moshav was founded in 1949 by demobilized soldiers on the lands of the Palestinian village of Umm al-Faraj.
Ben Ami was one of settlements hit by Katyusha rockets sent by Hezbollah on July 14, 2006 during the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="6010637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010637" title="Biranit">
Biranit

Biranit (, "lit." Fortress) is a military base in northern Israel. It is the headquarters of the Galilee Division of the Israel Defense Forces, and is located around a kilometre from the Lebanese border between Sasa and Netu'a.
The site was originally planned to become a village centre as part of Operation Sof Sof to increase Jewish presence in the Galilee in the 1960s. In 1964 a Nahal settlement was established in the area. It was civilianised in 1967, but did not become a village.
On July 14, 2006, the base was hit by Katyusha rockets fired by Hezbollah during the 2006 Lebanon War.

</doc>
<doc id="6010642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010642" title="Turks of the Dodecanese">
Turks of the Dodecanese

The Turks of the Dodecanese form a 5,000-strong community of Turkish-speaking people and ethnic Turks living on the Dodecanese islands of Rhodes () and Kos () who were not affected by the 1923 population exchange between Greece and Turkey, since the islands were under the rule of the Kingdom of Italy at the time (from 1912). All inhabitants of the islands became Greek citizens after 1947 when the islands became part of Greece.
The Turks in Kos are partly organized around the Turkish Muslim Association of Kos () which gives the figure 2,000 for the population they bring together and represent for the Greek island.
Those in Rhodes are organized around the Turkish Association of Rhodes (), which gives the figure 3,500 for the population they bring together and represent for the island.
The Turkish terms sometimes used for the members of the various organizations can vary depending on different specifications. The unofficial "Oniki Ada Türkleri" has been pushed by some for the exact equivalent of the term "Turks of the Dodecanese". Other are societies called "Rodos Türkleri" or "İstanköy Türkleri" for the two respective islands, or even "Giritli" ("Cretans" in Turkish) for some of the population, since some had emigrated to the Dodecanese from Crete in the process of the adhesion of Crete to Greece or due to cultural similarities with Cretan Turks. The more general term "Adalı" is sometimes used (meaning "islanders").

</doc>
<doc id="6010659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010659" title="Wu-Tang Meets the Indie Culture">
Wu-Tang Meets the Indie Culture

Wu-Tang Meets the Indie Culture is an album released October 18, 2005. This album was put together by Bronze Nazareth, who has produced Wu-Tang and others. It includes collaborated tracks by Wu-Tang Clan members, Wu-Tang Clan affiliates, and various other underground hip-hop artists such as Cannibal Ox, Aesop Rock, Sean Price, Casual, and MF Doom. The album has moved 59,133 units.

</doc>
<doc id="6010671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010671" title="Ben Lomond, New South Wales">
Ben Lomond, New South Wales

Ben Lomond is a village on the Northern Tablelands in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia. The village is situated 6 km off the New England Highway between Armidale and Glen Innes. It is located in Guyra Shire, with parts of the surrounding district in Glen Innes Severn Shire and Inverell Shire. It is primarily a farming area, with most of the residents involved in sheep, cattle and grain farming.
Ben Lomond Village is at 1,370 m elevation, making it the highest village in northern New South Wales. As such, even though it is located only a few hours' drive from the Queensland border, it receives occasional falls of snow in winter. Overlooking the village are mountains known as "The Two Brothers", which have a peak elevation of 1,508 metres.
History.
The name Ben Lomond originated from Ben Lomond in Scotland.
In 1848, the Manooan run of had the Ben Lomond Range as its southern boundary. In the 1860s there was a station named Ben Lomond which had been robbed by Captain Thunderbolt, who frequented the region. The slow climb and timber on the Ben Lomond Range proved an ideal place for the robbery of coaches and travellers.
The Dumaresq to Glen Innes section of the Main North railway Line, which included Ben Lomond, opened on 19 August 1884. At , Ben Lomond railway station was the highest railway station in New South Wales until the Skitube opened in 1987. Ben Lomond railway station closed on 10 December 1985, followed by the Dumaresq-Glen Innes section on 3 October 1993.
Ben Lomond Post Office opened on 4 November 1879 and closed in 1979. Ben Lomond was serviced by a general store providing the majority of day to day needs as well as farming supplies until it closed in November 2007.
Present day.
Population.
At the 2011 census, the Census area containing Ben Lomond village and district had a recorded population of 436. Of these people:
Note that the census area called "Ben Lomond" covers a considerable area, especially to the east, including other villages such as Llangothlin, Tibbamurra, Falconer, Bald Blair and Green Hills. As a result, many of the people who are included in this census area may not normally classify themselves as living in Ben Lomond. Unpublished (and hence anecdotal) analysis by one resident who was working on the town plan estimated that about 30 persons in the village, and approximately a further 70 persons in the immediate area of mostly farming families, would identify themselves as "living in the Ben Lomond area".
Features.
Ben Lomond Public School, located on Inn Road, has been reduced in recent years from thirty students in the mid nineties to a current enrolment of around twelve students. The lack of jobs in the immediate area, drought, as well as the proximity to Glen Innes and Guyra has been a factor in this change in school size.
Ben Lomond has three Churches representing the Anglican, Presbyterian and Roman Catholic denominations.
Ben Lomond is home to several tourist attractions, including home stays, the longest hand cut railway cutting in Australia, the highest passenger railway station in the southern hemisphere (at the time of the construction of the railway), and a scattering of old and historical relics of past times in and around the village.
The highland areas that include the Ben Lomond district are the focus areas for possible development of large scale wind farms. The original proposal was by Allco, which ran into severe financial problems and eventually liquidated on 4 November 2008, so that project was abandoned.
Ben Lomond community has traditionally been active through several groups and local initiatives to maintain and progress the village and district.
In recent years the village has formed something of a local rivalry with neighbouring Glen Innes in the form of an annual inter-town friendly cricket match. Whilst at a substantial size disadvantage, Ben Lomond have won four of the games so far, and drawn the other. Games are played on the Ben Lomond Recreational Ground, which once played host to regular games but is seldom used outside of the fixture.

</doc>
<doc id="6010679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010679" title="Slaty vireo">
Slaty vireo

The Slaty Vireo ("Vireo brevipennis") is an odd vireo endemic to shrubby highlands of southern Mexico.
It differs from all other vireos in its predominantly slate gray plumage and long tail. These distinctions once afforded it its own genus, "Neochloe". It also has green feather edgings on its wings and tail. Its eyes, belly, and chin are snow white, offsetting the otherwise dark gray plumage.

</doc>
<doc id="6010683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010683" title="Armadale Castle">
Armadale Castle

Armadale Castle is a ruined country house in Armadale, Skye, former home of the MacDonalds. A mansion house was first built here around 1790. In 1815 a Scottish baronial style mock-castle, intended for show rather than defense, designed by James Gillespie Graham, was built next to the house. 
After 1855 the part of the house destroyed by fire was replaced by a central wing, designed by David Bryce. Since 1925 the castle, abandoned by the Macdonald family, has fallen into ruin. The gardens around the castle have been maintained, and are now home to the Clan Donald Centre, which operates the Museum of the Isles.

</doc>
<doc id="6010685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010685" title="Gould Belt">
Gould Belt

The Gould Belt is a partial ring of stars in the Milky Way galaxy, about 3000 light years across, tilted toward the galactic plane by about 16 to 20 degrees. It contains many O- and B-type stars, and may represent the local spiral arm to which the Sun belongs—currently the Sun is about 325 light years from the arm's center. The belt is thought to be from 30 to 50 million years old, and of unknown origin. It is named for Benjamin Gould, who identified it in 1879.
The belt contains bright stars in many constellations including (in order going more or less eastward) Cepheus, Lacerta, Perseus, Orion, Canis Major, Puppis, Vela, Carina, Crux (the Southern Cross), Centaurus, Lupus, and Scorpius (including the Scorpius-Centaurus Association). The Milky Way also passes through most of these constellations, but a bit southeast of Lupus.
A theory proposed around 2009 suggests that the Gould Belt formed about 30 million years ago when a blob of dark matter collided with the molecular cloud in our region. There is also evidence for similar Gould belts in other galaxies.

</doc>
<doc id="6010702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010702" title="Lake Mendocino">
Lake Mendocino

Lake Mendocino is a large reservoir in Mendocino County, California, northeast of Ukiah. It covers and was formed by the construction of Coyote Valley Dam in 1958. The lake and dam provide flood control, water conservation, hydroelectric power, and recreation.
Recreation.
Lake Mendocino is administered by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and offers disc golf, boating, water skiing, fishing, camping, and hiking.
There are 300+ campsites plus a small number of boat-in only sites. Three groups of campsites are named in the Pomo language of the local native people. Because of high demand, campsites must be reserved in advance.
There are two boat ramps, at the north and south ends of the lake, and use for watersports is permitted. The lake also has numerous day use and picnic areas. Several hiking trails traverse the length of the lake.
Coyote Dam.
Coyote Dam (or Coyote Valley Dam) is an earthen dam high, long, and wide, with a total volume of . It was built as a flood control project by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Completed in 1959, it sits across the East Fork of the Russian River, which is the primary source of inflow to the lake. The dam offers public access by foot.
Coyote Valley.
Beneath the surface of the lake lies the old Coyote Valley. With the construction of the dam, the Army Corps had to relocate the residents of the valley, along with a short portion of State Route 20 which was subsequently inundated.

</doc>
<doc id="6010704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010704" title="Antiochian Greeks">
Antiochian Greeks

Antiochian Greeks are ethnic Greek members of the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch and Greek Catholic Christians, who have resided in Syria, Lebanon, and the territory of contemporary Turkish province of Hatay, which includes the old city of Antioch or modern-day Antakya, and their descendants in the Middle East and the Americas.
The community has a long heritage that dates back to the establishment of Antioch in 323 BC by Seleucus I Nicator at the time of Alexander the Great's conquest of Asia. The majority of Antiochian Greeks are a mix of the earliest Macedonian settlers, Roman-era Greeks, Byzantine Greeks (Rûm), Hellenized Judeo-Christians and Syriacs. Some of those Aramaeans spoke Syriac and celebrated the liturgy in Old Syriac Aramaic. With Arabic becoming the lingua franca in the Levant today, the majority has become an Arabic-speaking Christian community, primarily speaking Levantine Arabic, although many also speak Greek and Turkish.
History.
Historically, they were considered as a part of Rûm "millet" by the Ottoman authorities. The community had a notable tendency of immigration in early 20th century. As the Sanjak of Alexandretta was then a part of Syria, Greeks were not subject to population exchange of 1923. After Hatay State was annexed by Turkey in 1939, many emigrated to Syria and Lebanon. Following 1960s, a new wave of immigration has drawn Antiochian Greeks to Western countries.
Liturgical traditions and folklore.
Some typically Greek Ancient Synagogal priestly rites and hymns that originated in Antioch have survived partially to the present in the distinct church services of the Melkite and Greek Orthodox communities of the Hatay Province of Southern Turkey, Syria, Lebanon and the Holy Land.
Population and ethnocultural heritage.
In the narrowly defined geographic sense, according to a census conducted by the Patriarchate of Antioch in 1895, there were 50,000 Antiochian Greeks in the Alexandretta Sanjak itself i.e. residing in the Hatay Province of Southern Turkey, compared to about 30,000 in the 1930s. In 1995, their total population was estimated at 10,000. 
But most members of the Greek Orthodox and Greek Catholic communities of Syria and Lebanon, commonly known as Northern-MENA “Melkites” or “Rûms”, can trace their ethnocultural heritage to the Greek and Macedonian settlers and Hellenized Judeo-Christians of the past, founders of the original “Antiochian Greek” communities of Cilicia and Northwestern Syria.
Counting members of the surviving minorities in the Hatay Province of Turkey and their relatives in the diaspora, there are more than 1.8 million Antiochite Greco-Melkite Christians residing in the Northern-MENA, the US, Canada and Latin America today.
Location.
A significant number of Antiochian Greeks in Turkey live in Istanbul. They are concentrated in İskenderun, Samandağ, and Altınözü in Hatay. There is also a community in Mersin. A case of intercommunal violence with Muslims in Altınözü was reported in 2005. The events were allegedly sparked by sexual harassment of a Christian girl by a Muslim barber's apprentice.

</doc>
<doc id="6010719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010719" title="The Great Migration (album)">
The Great Migration (album)

The Great Migration is the debut album from Wu-Tang affiliate producer and rapper Bronze Nazareth, released through Dreddy Kruger's Think Differently imprint on Babygrande Records. 
The album features appearances from Wu-Tang affiliates Timbo King, Killa Sin, Prodigal Sunn, 12 O'Clock and Boot Camp Clik member Sean Price. The Album has moved 16,045 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="6010728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010728" title="Amsheet">
Amsheet

Amsheet (Arabic: , '; also spelled Amchit) is a predominantly Maronite seaside town in Lebanon about 40 km north of Beirut.
There are many old churches in Amsheet (more than a hundred and some old synagogues)
Demography.
Amsheet's population is around 25,000. The majority of the inhabitants are Maronite Christians with a small Shi'a minority.
Economy.
Amsheet is known for its baskets and mats woven from palm leaves. Olive and citrus fruits are the main agricultural products of the town.
Landmarks.
The house of Zakhia family where Ernest Renan stayed, the French philosopher who lived in Amsheet for a long period in the 19th century, can be visited, аs can the tomb of his sister who was buried at St. Marie Church in the Zakhia family Cemetery.Also the house of Raphael Lahoud built in 1838,Gabriel Lahoud and Michel Lahoud.The oldest school in Lebanon of Adib Lahoud.
The Church of Saint George was built on an ancient temple and the altar has both Greek and Arabic inscriptions. 
The adjoining churches of Saint Sophie and Saint Stephen retain their ancient vaulted porches and wall paintings. The churches were built on the remains of a Roman temple.
The Church of Saint Nicholas (Mar Zakhia) has medieval wall paintings and was built in the 5th century.
Tourism.
The town is home to Lebanon's only organized coastal campsite, "Camping Les Colombes", a place with a history since its beginning in the '50s.
Amchit is also known for its delicious seafood restaurants located on all the coast. 
The most popular ones are "Faras El Baher", "Chez Zakhia", "Mhanna Sur Mer", "Le Cap".
Main families from Amchit.
Karam, Zakhia, Lahoud, Sleiman, Al Kallab, Francis, Khoury, Yazbeck

</doc>
<doc id="6010729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010729" title="Yosemite Creek Campground">
Yosemite Creek Campground

Yosemite Creek Campground, located in the northern area of Yosemite National Park along Tioga Road (HWY 120), is a first-come first-served campground outside of Yosemite Valley. This campground is remote, quiet, and less populated relative to other campgrounds in Yosemite. The campground is 4 miles off the main road and thus requires a very rough, single lane, downhill mostly unpaved drive to the campground.
Facilities.
Each campsite contains a fire ring, picnic table, and food locker, and is near a vault toilet. Stream water must be treated (by boiling, using a filter, or using iodine). No potable water is available. Pets are permitted.
Destinations Nearby.
Heading South-East.
Note: times are from the Tioga Road intersection, not from the campground.

</doc>
<doc id="6010730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010730" title="Countess Charlotte of Dohna-Leistenau">
Countess Charlotte of Dohna-Leistenau

Countess Friederike Charlotte Antoinette of Dohna-Schlodien in Leistenau () (3 July 1738 – 21 April 1785 or 21 April 1786) was a German noble woman.
Charlotte, as she was known, was born in Königsberg, Prussia, on 3 July 1738. She was the daughter of Albrecht Christoph, Count (or Burgrave) of Dohna-Schlodien in Leistenau, by his third wife Princess Sophie Henriette of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck. She was married, firstly, to her first cousin Karl Anton August, Prince of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck (1727–1759) in Königsberg on 30 May 1754.
They had an only child: Friedrich Karl Ludwig, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck.
She was the descendant of the Oxenstierna noble family of Sweden, which was related to many of the old noble families of Sweden and Norway including Charles VIII of Sweden. As the male-line great-grandmother of Christian IX of Denmark, she is an ancestress of the monarchs of Norway, Denmark, Greece and the United Kingdom.
Her first husband died in 1759 from wounds sustained at the battle of Kunersdorf. She married Count Friedrich Detlev of Moltke, as her second husband, on 21 May 1777. They had no issue.

</doc>
<doc id="6010745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010745" title="Durru Shehvar Children's &amp; General Hospital">
Durru Shehvar Children's &amp; General Hospital

Durru Shehvar Children's & General Hospital (PDSCGH) is a non-government and non-profit hospital in Hyderabad, India. The hospital, which is named after Durru Shehvar, Princess of Berar and Imperial Princess of the Ottoman Empire, was established in 1989 to provide medical care to pre and post natal care to pregnant women and medical care facilities to children. To provide affordable health care to the general public medical services are subsidized by the government to make the healthcare more affordable and accessible to all sections of the society. The hospital later expanded its services to become a general hospital. The hospital is run by the Princess Durru Shehvar Children's Medical Aid Society.
Facility and care.
The facility is spread over an area of with additional space for different facilities. It has a 200-bed capacity as well as an 8-bed pediatric intensive care unit (PICU) with a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) equipped with neonatal ventilators, phototherapy units and centralized cardiac monitors. 
Areas of care include:

</doc>
<doc id="6010759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010759" title="Sway (The Rolling Stones song)">
Sway (The Rolling Stones song)

"Sway" is a song by English rock 'n roll band The Rolling Stones from their 1971 album "Sticky Fingers". It was also released as the b-side of the "Wild Horses" single in June 1971. This single was released in the US only. Initial pressings of the single contain an alternate take; later pressings include the album version instead.
Credited to Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, "Sway" is a slower blues song and was the first song recorded by the band at Stargroves. Although the song is credited to Jagger/Richards, Mick Taylor has always stated that he wrote this song with Jagger, as well as "Moonlight Mile" from the same album, when Richards was not even present. 
The song features a bottleneck slide guitar solo towards the middle of the song and a dramatic outro solo performed by Taylor. Rhythm guitar performed by Jagger was his first electric guitar performance on an album. The strings on the piece were arranged by Paul Buckmaster, who also worked on other songs from "Sticky Fingers". Richards added his backing vocals but provided no guitar to the track. Pete Townshend, Billy Nichols and Ronnie Lane are believed to contribute backing vocals as well.
It was performed live for the first time in Columbus, Ohio, and then at many of the shows on the band's A Bigger Bang Tour in 2006.
A seven minute version of "Sway" appears on the Carla Olson/Mick Taylor "Live at the Roxy" album aka "Too Hot for Snakes". Taylor gets to stretch out and solo whereas the Stones version faded at just under four minutes. (Ian McLagan plays piano on this version).
During the Stones' "50 and Counting" concert tour in 2013, the band, accompanied by their guest Mick Taylor, played "Sway" during concerts at Los Angeles, Chicago and Boston. These concerts marked the first time that Taylor played on "Sway" at a Stones concert. One of the fans in the audience at Los Angeles on 20 May 2013 remarked that he had waited for more than 40 years to hear the Stones with Taylor play this song live, and he was happy to have his wish come true that night.
Cover versions.
The song was covered by the band Overwhelming Colorfast on the 1996 compilation album "".

</doc>
<doc id="6010821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010821" title="Marie Glory">
Marie Glory

Marie Glory (March 3, 1905 – January 24, 2009), was a French actress. 
She was born Raymonde Louise Marcelle Toully in Mortagne-au-Perche, Orne, Normandy. She made her film debut in 1924 with a small role in Raymond Bernard's historical epic "Le Miracle des Loups" under the stage name Arlette Genny, which she used until 1927.
From then on, she was credited under the name "Marie Glory". In the three hours plus French-German co-production "L'Argent" (1928), directed by Marcel L'Herbier, she played the lead female role alongside Brigitte Helm and Pierre Alcover. She starred with Jean Angelo, Lil Dagover and Gaston Modot in another French-German co-production, Henri Fescourt's "The Count of Monte Cristo". She made her German film debut in 1929 in "Vater und Sohn", directed by Géza von Bolváry.
Her first talking picture was Leo Mittler's "Le Roi de Paris" (1930), co-starring with the exiled Serbian actor Ivan Petrovich. In the 1930s, she played predominantly leading roles in such films as "Les Deux mondes", directed by Ewald André Dupont, and "Madame ne veut pas d'enfants", directed by Hans Steinhoff. In 1939, she had her last leading role. She made only one film in the 1940s, "Dagli Appennini alle Ande" (1943). In the early 1950s, she was cast in Italian film productions playing minor roles. Her last film appearance was in 1960; her last television appearance was in 1964.
In the mid-1990s, she was interviewed for Kevin Brownlow's documentary about the history of silent film: "Cinema Europe: The Other Hollywood". Glory died on 24 January 2009, less than two months shy of her 104th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="6010829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010829" title="Otto Gross">
Otto Gross

Otto Hans Adolf Gross (17 March 1877 – 13 February 1920) was an Austrian psychoanalyst. A maverick early disciple of Sigmund Freud, he later became an anarchist and joined the utopian Ascona community. 
His father Hans Gross was a judge turned pioneering criminologist. Otto initially collaborated with him, and then turned against his determinist ideas on character.
A champion of an early form of anti-psychiatry and sexual liberation, he also developed an anarchist form of depth psychology (which rejected the civilising necessity of psychological repression proposed by Freud). He adopted a modified form of the proto-feminist and neo-pagan theories of Johann Jakob Bachofen, with which he attempted to return civilization to a 'golden age' of non-hierarchy. Gross was ostracized from the larger psychoanalytic movement, and was not included in histories of the psychoanalytic and psychiatric establishments. He died in poverty.
Greatly influenced by the philosophy of Max Stirner and Friedrich Nietzsche and the political theories of Peter Kropotkin, he in turn influenced D. H. Lawrence (through Gross's affair with Frieda von Richthofen), Franz Kafka and other artists, including the founders of Berlin Dada. His influence on psychology was more limited. Carl Jung claimed his entire worldview changed when he attempted to analyse Gross and partially had the tables turned on him.
He became addicted to drugs in South America where he served as a naval doctor. He was hospitalized several times for drug addiction, sometimes losing his guardianship of himself to his father in the process. As a Bohemian drug user from youth, as well as an advocate of free love, he is sometimes credited as a founding grandfather of 20th Century Counterculture.
Contributions to Depth Psychology.
Carl Jung credited Gross with having described two general types – "inferiority with shallow consciousness" and "inferiority with contracted consciousness" – that very closely resemble what Jung described as the extraverted feeling and introverted thinking types a decade later. Despite having issues with Gross's theoretical assumptions of a secondary cell function and the "individual" nature of a person's passion, Jung credited Gross with major advances in typological and psychological theory.
In his 1913 work "A Contribution to the study of Psychological Types", Jung devoted a paragraph to Otto Gross's contributions.
The relation he established between manic-depressive insanity and the type with a shallow consciousness shows that we are dealing with extraversion, while the relation between the psychology of the paranoiac and the type with a contracted consciousness indicates the identity with introversion (Jung, [1921 1971: par. 879).
In Jung's monumental work "Psychological Types", all of chapter VI, "The Type Problem in Psychopathology", analyzes and reconciles Gross's theory as expressed in "Die zerebrale Sekundärfunktion" (1902) and "Über psychopathische Minderwertigkeit" (1903). 
Gross deserves full credit for being the first to set up a simple and consistent hypothesis to account for this extraverted type (Jung, 1971: par. 466).
In fiction.
Otto Gross, played by Vincent Cassel, is one of the characters in the 2011 historical film "A Dangerous Method", which focused on the relations between Jung, Sabina Spielrein and Freud. As depicted in the film, Gross considerably influenced not only Jung's theories but also Jung's private life, helping Jung to shed his inhibitions and start an extra-marital affair with Spielrein, Jung's patient who became his colleague and one of the first female psychoanalysts.
Death.
Gross died of pneumonia, possibly related to drug addiction, in Berlin on 13 February 1920, after being found in the street, near-starved and freezing.

</doc>
<doc id="6010867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010867" title="The Sting (Wu-Tang Clan album)">
The Sting (Wu-Tang Clan album)

The Sting is a 2002 album by various artists affiliated with or part of the Wu-Tang Clan.

</doc>
<doc id="6010868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010868" title="Bad Dreams (The Wire)">
Bad Dreams (The Wire)

"Bad Dreams" is the 11th episode of the second season of the HBO original series, "The Wire". The episode was written by George Pelecanos from a story by David Simon & George Pelecanos and was directed by Ernest Dickerson. It originally aired on August 17, 2003. The episode was submitted to the American Film Institute for consideration in their TV programs of the year award and the show subsequently won the award.
Production.
Title reference.
The title refers to the way that Frank's hopes to rejuvenate the docks by becoming involved with crime have had dire consequences for him and his family. It may also refer to the morning raids that wake everyone involved in the conspiracy.
Epigraph.
Frank Sobotka while talking with his lawyers after his arrest. To get clean is to wash the blood off his hands that he never expected or wanted caused by a desire to simply keep his people at the port able to work properly and progressively. He starts this process by returning to the docks to work a simple hard day's labor, and also by talking to the police about the smuggling organization headed by the Greek.
Music.
The two Greek songs at the end of the episode were sung by Stelios Kazantzidis. In the restaurant, the song playing in the background was "To Psomi tis Ksenitias" (Bread of a Foreign Land). The song played during the montage at the end is a less well-known song, "Ena Sidero Anameno" (Ένα σίδερο αναμένο), a love song. Both songs were chosen by the episode's writer George Pelecanos who is Greek American.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, John Doman, Frankie Faison, Wood Harris and Andre Royo do not appear in this episode.
Uncredited appearances.
Clifton Gross, Steve Lukiewski and Paul G. Sepczynski are all real-life stevedores who appear as stevedores in this episode. Lukiewski is a hiring hall dispatcher and emulates this position when Sobotka uses another members card to work. Gross and Sepczynski are the stevedores helping Sobotka to unload the ship.
Plot.
Sobotka detail.
The Sobotka detail serve warrants on the targets of their investigation. Lieutenant Cedric Daniels leads Bunk Moreland, Kima Greggs and Lester Freamon into the Pyramid Industries warehouse but the place has been completely stripped of evidence. Greggs finds some Heroin residue in a drain. Freamon and Bunk notice the bloodstain from the shooting of Glekas. Beadie Russell finds weapons in Eton Ben-Eleazer's home. Terrence "Fitz" Fitzhugh and Jimmy McNulty have a tough time subduing Sergei "Serge" Malatov at his home. Thomas "Herc" Hauk and Ellis Carver search Nick Sobotka's home. They find drugs and cash but Aimee is in Nick's room alone; Nick slept with Prissy at her place. "White" Mike McArdle is arrested by uniform officers and protests his innocence as he is pulled from his home. Major Stanislaus Valchek and FBI supervisor Amanda Reese wait for Frank Sobotka but do not arrest him at home because they want to make it as high profile as possible. 
Back at the detail office Daniels and Russell discuss the rationale for leaving Spiros "Vondas" Vondopoulos on the street. Daniels tells Russell that Vondas is reporting to someone above him and by leaving him free they may be able to identify the man in charge. Bunk and Freamon arrive having learned that Glekas is dead and that Frank's son, Ziggy Sobotka, was the murderer. Daniels angrily rings the homicide unit to find out who investigated Glekas' death. Daniels leaves to confront Landsman and orders his people to start the interviews. Carver, Herc, McNulty and Fitz return to the office and Daniels walks by without stopping to talk to them. McNulty reports that the madam, Ilona Petrovich, has also been arrested.
Daniels is outraged that Landsman did not think to contact him and collected only evidence relating to the murder. Landsman apologizes for his mistake but it is not enough for Daniels. Daniels then claims that even for a police department that is as backwards as the Baltimore PD, that this incident takes the prize as their investigation has now been severely compromised.
Sobotka arrives at work and begins to discuss what to do about Ziggy. The FBI team storms into the union offices in force. Sobotka and Thomas "Horseface" Pakusa calmly accept their arrests as Valchek gloats. Reese delays taking the captives outside until the press arrive.
Eton refuses to state his name to Herc and Carver. Sergei also refuses to state his name to McNulty and Fitz, so they decide they will call him Boris. Russell and Greggs receive nothing but abuse from Ilona. The FBI agents interrogate Sobotka and ask him to give them information to help himself and his union. Sobotka is disgusted by their suggestion that they want to help his dying union. Sobotka's lawyers shepherd him through a detention hearing. 
Greggs and McNulty have far more success with White Mike. When they play him recordings of his voice discussing violence and drugs and tell him they have extensive evidence that he is a drug dealer, Mike gives up information on Eton and Sergei. Mike ties Sergei to a murder but knows nothing about his superiors.
Daniels meets with his detectives to discuss the interviews. McNulty reports his success with White Mike. Greggs reports that Nick is still at large and Herc and Carver are looking for him. Daniels asks Fitz for help in bringing in Vondas and he tells him that with the union figures arrested federal interest has dissipated. 
Bunk and McNulty tail Vondas from his home to a meeting in central Baltimore. Bunk displays his knowledge of men's fashion by identifying the designer of Vondas's suit. Greggs and Russell follow Vondas into a multistory parking garage and Russell begins her first foot pursuit with some advice from Greggs. Despite her nerves Russell proves up to the task and tails Vondas to a hotel, even noting the number of the room he enters. Bunk and McNulty are impressed with Russell's development into a capable investigator. McNulty photographs Vondas leaving the hotel with his lawyer and gets a chance shot of The Greek as he walks by. When Vondas returns to the parking garage he switches cars and loses Greggs who has been waiting by the car he drove in. The Greek walks by Greggs as she leaves the parking garage, still unknown to his pursuers.
Daniels meets with Pearlman to discuss the case. They have identified Vondas's lawyer as Steven Rados and have an address for him because he rented the hotel room; however, they still believe he may be in charge of the smuggling ring. Daniels asks what they can offer White Mike in exchange for his cooperation and Pearlman suggests that he'd be allowed to walk with probation as well as getting witness protection seeing as they have the feds involved. Russell asks why Sobotka has not been offered the same thing. Russell suggests that Sobotka would talk if she approached him and Pearlman gives her the OK. Bunk and McNulty wait for Vondas at his home to no avail. Herc and Carver do the same for Nick.
Dock Business.
Nick returns home to find his mother and father cleaning up their house. Neither of them will speak to him at first. Eventually Louis Sobotka tells his son that the police confiscated his heroin and money, and have a warrant for him at the Southeastern district.
As soon as he is released, Frank visits Ziggy in prison, Ziggy has been beaten by the other inmates. He asks his son to explain what happened and Ziggy says that he was tired of always being a punchline. Frank asks why Ziggy didn't come to him and Ziggy tells him he was too busy with his union business. Ziggy asks if his mother knows he is in prison. Ziggy confesses remorse for shooting the store clerk. Ziggy tells his father they are not the same and Frank assures him that he is a true Sobotka. Ziggy tells Frank he knows he is not his real son, then simply says to Frank that he is "fucked" and leaves the room. Frank watches in horror as his fragile son returns to a pack of hardened felons who taunt him with threats of violence.
Frank meets with his brother Louis. Louis regrets not spending more time looking out for their children. Frank says that he could never control Ziggy and wouldn't have been able to stop him from doing what he did. Louis says he was speaking of Nick. Frank tries to reassure Louis that Nick is only involved in some theft—not drugs. Louis shows Frank the search warrant and tells him that Nick was involved in heroin trafficking. Louis is outraged that Frank did nothing to stop Nick when he was still involved in capers at the docks rather than more serious crime like drug dealing. Frank tells Louis that the theft from the docks was always a means to sustain their way of life. Louis tells him that should never justify what they allowed to happen to their sons and leaves Frank alone at the table.
Frank goes into work and Nat Coxson refuses to look at him, holding up a copy of the Baltimore Sun with a front-page article of the FBI's arrest of Frank and Horseface. Frank borrows Little Big Roy's union card so that he can work a ship while Little Big Roy gets paid for sitting in a bar. He tells the shift supervisor, Phil, that he and Little Big Roy are essentially the same - bald and Polish. The stevedores are bemused by Frank's desire to work and Nat gives a begrudgingly respectful nod to the union leader.
After a hard shift unloading ships, Frank meets with his lobbyist, Bruce DiBiago. Bruce tells him that all of their political machinations have been reversed by the arrest: with the FBI involved politicians are afraid to vote for Frank's suggestions because they have accepted money from him. Frank is dismayed and as Bruce leaves, Frank tells him what the problem is with America. "We used to make shit, build shit. Now we just put our hand in the next guy's pocket."
Frank gets a visit from Beadie Russell at the union hall. She is upset and asks him to come forward as an informant to save himself. She tearfully tells him that there are different kinds of wrong and that he is better than those he has gotten involved with.
Beadie's appeal is successful—Frank comes in the next day to meet the detail. He asks for lenience for Nick and protection for Ziggy. Pearlman offers to transfer Ziggy to a safer jail in the county and agrees on straight probation for Frank and Nick as long as Frank cooperates fully. Frank agrees with one condition - he will not give up union men. Sensing a breakthrough in the case, a cautious Pearlman stops Frank from saying anything further, urging him to return with a lawyer the following day. On the way out, a curious Freamon asks Frank why he stopped using his cell phone. It's simple, he tells them -- "you guys flagged it."
The Greeks.
The Greek meets with Vondas for dinner, and Vondas is too worried to eat. They decide to leave Baltimore because the investigation is closing in on them. The Greek asks Vondas to tie up their loose ends. Vondas is reluctant to kill the Sobotkas and suggests they could guarantee their loyalty by offering to help Ziggy. Vondas could persuade the witness to Glekas's shooting to change his story. The Greek realizes that Vondas is fond of Nick in particular and tells him he should have a son of his own. Vondas smirks and quips that having a son would mean he would have to have a wife.
Vondas meets with an embittered Nick at a local playground. He convinces Nick that he could help Ziggy and asks him to arrange a meeting with Frank. Nick phones Frank at the union hall as he returns from his session at the detail office. 
At the same time, Fitz faxes a record of the meeting with Frank in to the FBI headquarters.
Nick relates Vondas's offer of a meeting to Frank. Frank is angry with Nick for getting involved with drugs but has accepted Louis' criticism and is even more angry with himself. He tells Nick that he is going to talk to the police. When Nick brings up Vondas's offer of help for Ziggy, Frank reconsiders. Frank decides to take the meeting with Greeks under the Key Bridge, putting his son above his dreams for the docks. He refuses to let Nick accompany him, insisting that Nick will have no further dealings with the Greeks. 
As Frank arrives for the meeting, The Greek receives word from his inside man in the FBI, Agent Koutris, that Frank has met with the police and agreed to become an informant. As Frank walks towards him The Greek tells Vondas that his way will not work, implying that Sobotka will not leave the meeting alive.
Omar.
Omar Little meets with Stringer Bell at Butchie's bar. Butchie's nephew Heywood provides protection for Omar; Perry is there to act as Stringer's bodyguard. Stringer tells Omar that Brother Mouzone was solely responsible for torturing Brandon in order to build his reputation. Stringer offers to give up Mouzone if Omar will cease his pursuit of the Barksdale organization.
Omar follows Stringer's tip and finds Lamar guarding Brother Mouzone's hotel room. He watches Lamar to learn the coded knock he is using. Omar uses Kimmy, Tosha and a dog to distract Lamar after seeing him watching a dog earlier. Omar knocks out Lamar as he strokes the dog and then shoots Brother Mouzone in the abdomen as he answers the door. Omar explains why he is there, and Mouzone says that Omar has received false information. Omar believes Mouzone's story and leaves him in the motel room. He phones for an ambulance on his way out.
Reception.
Awards and nominations.
The episode was submitted to the American Film Institute for consideration in their TV programs of the year award. The show subsequently won the award and the institute commented that ""The Wire" portrays mundane police work with tragic grandeur and, in doing so, captures the seemingly intractable problem of drugs in American society in a daring and unique way. Complex and subtle, the series offers a look at police procedure more realistic than any show on television."

</doc>
<doc id="6010875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010875" title="Pearl necklace (sexuality)">
Pearl necklace (sexuality)

__notoc__
A pearl necklace is a slang term referring to a sexual act in which a man ejaculates semen on or near the neck, chest, or breast of another person. If ejaculation is onto the other person's face it can be called a facial. Such ejaculation can be done by mammary intercourse, or masturbation over the other person, or result from the withdrawal of the penis from a partner's mouth as he is ejaculating following fellatio, irrumatio, or intercourse.
The term pearl necklace is used by some because the drops of semen deposited by the man resemble a necklace of translucent white pearls.
Making a pearl necklace is one of the activities that sex workers use as safe sex alternatives for people who refuse to wear condoms.
In popular culture.
The term was introduced to viewers of the HBO sex comedy "Sex and the City" in episode 69, first broadcast in 2004.
In the episode one of the characters misunderstands a promise she overhears made to another character, Samantha Jones, who then explained the term. Boogie-Blues band ZZ Top was criticized for the lyrics of its song "Pearl Necklace" as one of its songs whose lyrics were claimed to objectify women.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="6010882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010882" title="Matt Sosnick">
Matt Sosnick

Matt Sosnick is a San Francisco-based sports agent. He attended Burlingame High School and the University of Southern California. His business partner is Paul Cobbe. Their client list includes Major League Baseball All-Star and 2003 Rookie of the Year Dontrelle Willis, Blue Jays pitcher Josh Johnson, Jay Bruce, Ricky Nolasco, Freddy Sanchez, Ryan Doumit, Josh Willingham and Matt Moore, along with many other top young players.
Sosnick addressed the 2007 national convention of the Society for American Baseball Research in addition to many other appearances and lecture series.
Matt was named one of Forbes Magazine's five most influential young people in baseball in June, 2008.
His close relationship with star pitcher Dontrelle Willis helped his agency grow, as did being the subject of ESPN's Jerry Crasnick's book "License to Deal". At an earlier point in his career, Willis got Sosnick's company logo tattooed onto his pitching arm as a sign of his loyalty to Sosnick Cobbe Sports. Kyle Blanks of the Padres, Jason Pridie of the Orioles and Zach Simons of the Rangers also have the Sosnick Cobbe logo tattooed on their arm.
As of 2012, Sosnick represents more than 40 Major League players, along with Darrell Rasner, Jim Heuser and Randy Messenger in Japan, as well as Eric Hacker in Korea.
In January 2013, Sosnick was inducted into the Jewish Sports Hall of Fame along with NBA coaches Herb and Larry Brown and sportswriter Art Spander.

</doc>
<doc id="6010883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010883" title="Josie Davis">
Josie Davis

Josie Rebecca Davis (born January 16, 1973) is an American actress, best known for her role as Sarah Powell in the television sitcom "Charles in Charge" from 1987 to 1990.
Television work.
Davis began her career acting in commercials at three years old. She played Sarah Powell on "Charles in Charge" for four seasons. Sarah Powell was a quiet, bookish character, and after "Charles in Charge" wrapped, Davis had a difficult time shedding that image and getting people to forget the character she created and to see her as pretty.
Beginning as a teenager, Davis began studying acting with the Brooklyn-born Paul E. Richards—Lee Strasberg's "right-hand man" at the Actors Studio in the 1950s. At 24, she auditioned and became a member of Actors Studio. At the time, the judges were Martin Landau, Mark Rydell, and the late Shelley Winters. Josie was one of only two performers selected to join that year.
Davis was cast as Camille Desmond on "Beverly Hills, 90210" in 2000. She then was cast in the other Aaron Spelling show, "Titans" opposite Victoria Principal and Yasmine Bleeth.
Her other television credits include working opposite Clifton Collins Jr. on "Fear Itself", with David Spade on "Rules of Engagement", with James Woods on "Shark", "Ghost Whisperer", a Christmas episode of "Two and a Half Men", "NCIS", ', "Burn Notice", "Chuck", "Bones", and a recurring role opposite Skeet Ulrich and Gary Sinise on '.
Films.
After "Titans" came to an end, Davis left TV to pursue film work. She acted in a number of films, including the Nicolas Cage-directed "Sonny", opposite James Franco and Scott Caan, "The Trouble with Romance" with Kip Pardue, and "Kalamazoo?" with Mayim Bialik, among many other indies.
She was also the lead actress in the television movie "The Perfect Assistant", which premiered on Lifetime on January 2, 2008.
She also did thrillers "The Perfect Student" with Natasha Henstridge, "Seduced by Lies" with Lochlyn Munro and Marc Menard, "Past Obsession" with Lochlyn Munro and comedy "Stealing Roses" with John Heard and Cindy Williams. 
Davis not only is an actress, but has ventured into producing and is also a screenwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="6010888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010888" title="North Saskatchewan River">
North Saskatchewan River

The North Saskatchewan River (Assiniboine: "Ogícize wakpá " ) is a glacier-fed river that flows east from the Canadian Rockies to central Saskatchewan. It is one of two major rivers that join to make up the Saskatchewan River.
The Saskatchewan River system is the largest shared between the Canadian provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan. It includes most of southern Alberta and southern Saskatchewan, before crossing into central Manitoba.
Course.
North Saskatchewan river has a length of 1,287 km (800 mi), and a drainage area of 122,800 km2. At its end point at Saskatchewan River Forks it has a mean discharge of 245 m3/s. The yearly discharge at the Alberta/Saskatchewan border is more than 7 km3.
The river begins above 1,800 metres at the toe of the Saskatchewan Glacier in the Columbia Icefield, and flows southeast through Banff National Park alongside the Icefields Parkway. At the junction of the David Thompson Highway (Highway 11), it initially turns northeast for 10 kilometres before switching to a more direct eastern flow for about 30 km. At this point, it turns north where it eventually arrives at Abraham Lake. Bighorn Dam constricts the north end of Abraham Lake, where the North Saskatchewan emerges to track eastward to Rocky Mountain House. At Rocky Mountain House, the river abruptly turns north again for 100 km where it switches east towards Edmonton, Alberta. In Edmonton, the river passes through the centre of the city in a northeasterly direction and out towards Smoky Lake at which point it quickly changes to the southeast and then more to the east as it makes it way to the Alberta–Saskatchewan boundary.
From the border, the river flows southeast between North Battleford and Battleford and on in the direction of Saskatoon. About 40 km northwest of Saskatoon, near Langham, the river veers to the northeast where it passes through the City of Prince Albert. About 30 km downstream of Prince Albert, the North Saskatchewan River joins the South Saskatchewan River at Saskatchewan River Forks to become the Saskatchewan River. From here, the river flows east to Tobin Lake and into Manitoba, eventually emptying into Lake Winnipeg.
Geography.
The river course can be divided into five distinct sections. The first, the eastern slopes of the Rocky Mountains, is the smallest area geographically, although the largest in terms of run-off and contributed water flow. The glaciers and perpetual snows of the mountain peaks feed the river year-round. Mountains, with little vegetation, experience fast-melting snow cover. The second section of the river comprises the foothills region. The terrain is hilly and rough, with a deeper and more defined valley. This area is well covered with forest and muskeg, and run-off into the river is much more constant and stable than in the mountains.
From Edmonton to the mouth of the Vermilion River, the North Saskatchewan flows through the plains-parkland divide, with occasional stretches of prairie. Here the river runs in a well-defined valley with deep cuts in the landscape. The fourth section, from the Vermilion River to Prince Albert is principally prairie with a few small stretches of timber and secondary forest cover. The valley of the river is much wider, and the river itself spreads out across shallow water and flows over many shifting sand bars. Low-lying, flat areas, border the river for much of this section.
The final section of the river, from Prince Albert to the Forks, has many rapids. The valley is more shallow than the previous sections of the river, and the channel is much better defined. There is little prairie and much tree cover in this section.
Geology.
The Bridge River Ash is in the vicinity of the North Saskatchewan River, which erupted from Mount Meager in southwestern British Columbia about 2350 years ago.
History.
The river is shown on a Hudson's Bay Company map from 1760, labeled as the "Beaver River".
The section of the North Saskatchewan river that falls within the Banff National Park boundaries has been designated a Canadian Heritage River in 1989, for its importance in the development of western Canada.
The river bridges the plains–parkland divide for much of its course, acting as a natural boundary between Blackfoot and Cree First Nations people for thousands of years. With the westward expansion of the fur trade under the North West Company, the river became a natural transportation route for fur trade brigades. A number of fur trade posts were constructed on the river, including Fort Edmonton and Rocky Mountain House, the uppermost post reached by canoe navigation. After the amalgamation of the Hudson's Bay Company and the North West Company, the North Saskatchewan was a main travel route for York boats. Finally, before the arrival of the railway in western Canada, the river was plied by a number of steamboats.
Recreation.
Edmonton's North Saskatchewan River valley parks system is the largest system of urban parks in North America, and covers both sides of the river valley's course through Edmonton.
Fish species.
Fish species include: walleye, sauger, yellow perch, northern pike, goldeye, mooneye, lake sturgeon, mountain whitefish, burbot, longnose sucker, white sucker and shorthead redhorse.
Flooding.
Like all rivers, the North Saskatchewan is subject to periodic flooding, beginning with rapid snowmelt in the mountains or prolonged periods of rain in the river basin. With the establishment of permanent communities along the river's course, and the rise of an administrative/government structure, records exist recording floods in the North Saskatchewan for the past century. The Bighorn Dam, constructed in the early 1970s near Nordegg, Alberta, and the Brazeau Dam, constructed in the mid-1960s, have both dramatically reduced occurrences of flooding in the North Saskatchewan River.
List of notable flood years
The flood of 1915
The 1915 flood of the North Saskatchewan River was one of the most dramatic in the history of Edmonton. On 28 June, the Edmonton Bulletin reported the river had risen "10 feet in as many hours." A frantic phone call from Rocky Mountain House alerted local authorities to the flood's arrival. The Canadian Northern Railway had parked a number of train cars on the city's Low Level Bridge to protect against the "tons upon tons of debris" that had been pushed up against its piers, including a house swept away by the current. Thousands of Edmonton residents watched the flood destroy lumber mills along the city's river valley.
Commercial navigation.
The North Saskatchewan River has always been a major trade route from Hudson Bay and central Canada across the plains and towards the Rocky Mountains. During the fur trade era, birch bark canoes and York boats travelled up and down the Saskatchewan delivering trade goods and amassing furs for transportation to Europe.
The North Saskatchewan also witnessed a lively, although short-lived, era of steamboat shipping during the 1870s, 1880s, and 1890s. The Hudson's Bay Company purchased a number of steamboats from companies operating on the Red River and trading at Winnipeg/Fort Garry. The Company desired to avoid paying the labour costs of fur trade brigades, and felt steamboat shipping provided a suitable alternative. A number of HBC steamboats did navigate the river intermittently over two decades, although fluctuating water levels and natural barriers (rapids and sandbars) hampered efficient operation of the HBC fleet. With the arrival of the railroad in Western Canada, steamboat shipping on the Saskatchewan came to an end.
Dams and hydroelectric development.
A number of dams have been planned and constructed on the North Saskatchewan River and its tributaries. No singular purpose has dominated dam planning in the basin, indeed, hydroelectric development, flood control, and water diversion schemes have all underpinned proposals to construct dams on the river.
Planned dams
The first hydroelectric development on the North Saskatchewan was planned in 1910 near the Town of Drayton Valley. Funding for the plan came from a British syndicate; design and construction were to be carried out by the Edmonton Hydro-Electric Power Scheme. The development was shelved after the outbreak of World War I.
The La Colle Falls hydroelectric project east of Prince Albert was a half-built failure. Construction began in the 1910s and was later abandoned. The city remained in debt from financing the project until 1960, and the site still attracts tourists today.
During the 1960s and 1970s, a major dam was planned on the North Saskatchewan near the Hamlet of Hairy Hill, Alberta, about downstream from Edmonton. This dam was part of a larger water diversion scheme conceived by the Alberta Government to transfer water from the Peace, Smoky, and Athabasca rivers to the Saskatchewan River Basin.
The planned dam had a maximum height of , with a crest length of , which would have created a reservoir capable of holding over of water. The reservoir would have affected municipal water works in the City of Fort Saskatchewan, was likely to inundate part of the Saddle Lake Indian Reserve, and would have flooded a number of oil and natural gas fields in the area. The plan was later shelved in light of economic and environmental concerns.
Constructed dams
The Bighorn Dam was constructed near Nordegg and created Lake Abraham, one of the largest reservoirs in Alberta. The dam was constructed in 1971 by Transalta.
One of the North Saskatchewan's major tributaries, the Brazeau River, houses the Brazeau Hydroelectric Dam. The Brazeau Dam is Alberta's largest hydroelectric facility, and was built in 1965 by Transalta.

</doc>
<doc id="6010904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010904" title="Alida Bosshardt">
Alida Bosshardt

Alida Margaretha Bosshardt (8 June 1913 – 25 June 2007), better known as Major Bosshardt, was a well known officer in The Salvation Army, and more or less the public face of this Christian organization in the Netherlands.
Born in Utrecht, Bosshardt became a member of the Salvation Army after visiting one of their meetings when she was 18. Before that, she was not religious. Her father was a converted Roman Catholic, her mother was Dutch Reformed. From 1934 she worked in a children's home in Amsterdam. During the German occupation in the Second World War, Bosshardt took care of the mostly Jewish children who had been brought by their parents to the home.
After the war, she worked at the Army's national headquarters in Amsterdam. She noticed that the Army had no activities in the De Wallen, Amsterdam's red-light district, and obtained permission to start working there. Her work for the prostitutes gained her national fame. In 1965, she accompanied Princess Beatrix on a secret visit of the red-light district.
In 1978, Bosshardt retired. She had already been promoted to Lieutenant-Colonel in the Army, but she was still generally known as "Major Bosshardt". After her retirement, she was still a prominent member of the Army, regularly appearing on television and speaking at conferences and church services.
In 2004, Yad Vashem recognized Bosshardt as a Righteous Among the Nations, for her work in the Second World War.
The Major Bosshardt Prize.
The Major Bosshardt Prize, named after Bosshardt, was established in 2006. It consists of a certificate and a miniature bronze statue of Bosshardt and is intended for persons who have been of singular merit for society. The first award was given to psychologist Anton van der Geld.

</doc>
<doc id="6010908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010908" title="Golden Hotel (Mafeking, Lesotho)">
Golden Hotel (Mafeking, Lesotho)

The Golden Hotel is one of two hotels in the city of Mafeteng, Lesotho, the other hotel being the Mafeteng Hotel (home of the infamous Las Vegas Disco). The Golden Hotel is one of the few places outside Maseru where pizza is available. 

</doc>
<doc id="6010912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010912" title="GUMPS">
GUMPS

GUMPS is an acronym widely used by fixed-wing aircraft pilots as a mental checklist to ensure nothing critical has been forgotten before landing. Its popularity is widespread, appearing in flight student curricula, FAA publications and aviation magazines.
Due to distraction and preoccupation during the landing sequence approximately 100 gear-up landing incidents occurred each year in the United States between 1998 and 2003.
The checklist.
GUMPS stands for:

</doc>
<doc id="6010923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010923" title="John Powers (mayor)">
John Powers (mayor)

John Powers is a former Mayor of Spokane, Washington.
He was the first mayor to serve under the Strong Mayor form of Government. He beat incumbent John Talbott in 2000, and served as mayor until losing in the 2003 mayoral primary to journalist Tom Grant and the future mayor Jim West. Powers finished third in the race and was unable to continue to the general election, which is a two person head-to-head challenge (West and Grant). Though the position of Mayor wasn't political, Powers is considered a strong Democrat.

</doc>
<doc id="6010925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010925" title="Bridalveil Creek Campground">
Bridalveil Creek Campground

Bridalveil Creek Campground, located in southern area of Yosemite National Park along Glacier Point road, is a first-come first-served campground outside of Yosemite Valley. The campground is directly off the road and thus does not require a rough drive to the campground like other Yosemite campgrounds outside of the Valley (Yosemite Creek & Tamarack Flat are examples 2-4 mile unpaved roads leading into the campground off the main road). Bridalveil Creek Campground contains 110 campsites and is in the high-country at . It is fairly isolated and quiet. This campground is especially good considering its proximity to Glacier Point. Given the convenience one can more easily drive to Glacier Point at night to survey the night sky. 
The Valley is quite far from Bridalveil Creek and those looking to venture into northern regions of Yosemite National Park should expect a long drive.

</doc>
<doc id="6010927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010927" title="Bobby Digital Presents Northstar">
Bobby Digital Presents Northstar

Northstar is self-titled album released in 2004 by Northstar which was produced by RZA under the alias, Bobby Digital.

</doc>
<doc id="6010929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010929" title="Brian O'Shaughnessy (philosopher)">
Brian O'Shaughnessy (philosopher)

Brian Joseph O'Shaughnessy (10 September 1925 – 7 July 2010) was an Australian philosopher of mind, who lived in London and taught at King's College London. 
He attended Melbourne and Oxford Universities.

</doc>
<doc id="6010933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010933" title="Omar Abd al-Razaq">
Omar Abd al-Razaq

Omar Abdul Razaq or Umar Abed al-Razek (عمر عبد الرزاق) was Finance Minister of the Palestinian National Authority for part of 2006. He represents the Hamas organization.
Razaq was arrested by Israel in June 2006 and freed in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="6010934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010934" title="Edward Burra">
Edward Burra

Edward Burra (29 March 1905 – 22 October 1976) was an English painter, draughtsman, and printmaker, best known for his depictions of the urban underworld, black culture and the Harlem scene of the 1930s. 
Biography.
Burra was born near Rye, East Sussex, and attended preparatory school, but later had to be withdrawn due to anaemia and rheumatic fever. Burra studied at Chelsea School of Art from 1921–3, and the Royal College of Art from 1923–4. He had his first solo show at the Leicester Galleries in 1929. He was a member of Unit One in 1933 and showed with the English Surrealists later in the 1930s.
Burra travelled widely, and many influences are at play in his works, which were usually watercolour on a large scale in strong colours. During World War Two, when it became impossible to travel, he also became involved in designing scenery and costumes for ballet (including "Miracle in the Gorbals") and became very successful in that field.
He declined membership of the Royal Academy in 1963 after being elected but was created CBE in 1971. The Tate Gallery held a retrospective of his work in 1973. In conjunction with the exhibition at Tate, the Arts Council of Great Britain produced a documentary about the life and work of the artist, "Edward Burra". All the footage of the interview with Burra conducted for this film was assembled into a documentary in 1981, "The Burra Interview". In this interview, Burra avers that "Nothing matters." He praises Yorkshire because "it's nice and bare".
After breaking his hip in 1974, his health declined sharply and he died in Hastings in 1976. The Tate Gallery Archive holds considerable materials relating to Burra, including his letters.
Legacy.
At the Sotheby's Evill/Frost sale in June 2011, Burra’s "Zoot Suits" sold for £2,057,250, breaking a record set for the artist earlier in the evening when "The Common Stair", from 1929, sold for £881,250.
The first major museum exhibition of Burra's work for more than 25 years was held at Pallant House Gallery in Chichester from 22 October 2011 to 19 February 2012. It was accompanied by a new monograph on the artist by the curator, Simon Martin.
On 24 October 2011, the BBC aired an hour-long documentary "I Never Tell Anybody Anything: The Life and Art of Edward Burra", wherein art critic Andrew Graham-Dixon chronicles the life of Burra. The documentary follows Burra from his native town of Rye to the Paris nightlife spots he loved and the jazz clubs of prohibition-era New York and the war-torn landscapes of the Spanish Civil War and back to England during the Blitz. It shows how Burra's increasingly disturbing and surreal work deepened and matured as he experienced at first hand some of the most tragic events of the century. Through letters and interviews with those who knew him, it presents a portrait of an English eccentric.

</doc>
<doc id="6010947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010947" title="John Talbott (mayor)">
John Talbott (mayor)

John Talbott is a former Mayor of Spokane, Washington, USA.
Talbott served in the United States Air Force from 1953–1982, first as an airborne radio and radar repairman in post-World War II Japan in a variety of capacities including planning, maintenance, and operations, including seven years of enlisted experience. After his original assignment, he returned home to Spokane where he worked at Fairchild Air Force Base and married his wife, Claudia. He later went on to a six-year career at the Pasadena Jet Propulsion Laboratory through the eighties.
Talbott was elected Mayor of Spokane in 1997, and the last mayor to serve under the council-manager form of Government. He served one term in office, ran for re-election in 2000, but retired after losing his re-election bid to lawyer John Powers. Though the position of Mayor wasn't political, Talbott is a Republican.
In December 2010 Talbott was elected State Committeeman of the Franklin County Republican Central Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="6010954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010954" title="Gumps">
Gumps

Gumps may refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="6010956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010956" title="White Wolf (Yosemite)">
White Wolf (Yosemite)

White Wolf is a campground and concession area outside of Yosemite Valley in the northern area of Yosemite National Park () along Tioga Road (Highway 120). The campground is directly off the road and thus does not require a rough drive to the campground such as other Yosemite campgrounds outside of the valley. White Wolf Campground contains 74 campsites and has the look and feel of Bridalveil Creek Campground. The campground is not near a creek and is quite rocky and sunny. The area also includes a cluster of wood-and-canvas cabins and a small restaurant and general store.
Settlement in the White Wolf area began in the early 20th century, after the construction of the Tioga Road. The first structures were likely shelters for ranch hands, and by 1930 the area was home to a small resort which included tents, tourist cabins, a small store and restaurant, and a gas station. After a drop in tourism following World War II and the relocation of the highway, the land was purchased by the government, with concession rights held by the Yosemite Park and Curry Co. The public campground was improved in 1960-1961.
Sources differ on the origin of the name. According to one story, cattlemen pursuing horse thieves in 1850 came upon an encampment of Indians led by a tribal chief whose name was White Wolf, and named the place after him. Another story is that it was named by a sheepherder who saw a white wolf in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="6010961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010961" title="When I See You Smile">
When I See You Smile

When I See You Smile is the second single of American/British hard rock band Bad English, taken from their self-titled debut album of the same name, released in 1989.
The power ballad was a huge success and went on to become the band's first and only US number one hit when it peaked there in the fall of 1989 for two weeks.
Music video.
In the video the band are performing on a stage, which contains close-up shots of its members. The footage was taken at one of their arena concerts. It shows Jonathan Cain's distinctive synthesizer opening and moves into the soft initial vocal work of John Waite. The tempo picks up with Deen Castronovo's drum work and Neal Schon's trademark guitar during which Waite becomes more emphatic vocally; the song finishes with Waite's soft vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="6010962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010962" title="Mohammad Barghouti">
Mohammad Barghouti

Mohammad Barghouti (محمد برغوثي) was the Minister of Local Government in the Palestinian Authority coalition cabinet. He held the post of Labor Minister in the previous cabinet. Mohammad Barghouti was arrested by Israel on 29 June 2006 as part of Israel's Operation Summer Rains. Mohammad Bargouti was on his way to a village north of Ramallah when his car was stopped by jeeps and placed under arrest. He was released on 14 August 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6010979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010979" title="Mallaah">
Mallaah

The Mallah are the traditional boatmen caste and ethnic group of North India, East India and Pakistan. A small number of Mallah are also found in Nepal.
The word "mallaah" is said to come from an Arabic word which means a motion of moving like bird’s wing. In Bengali the words "majhi" and "mallah" usually go together and refer to communities affiliated with the river and sea. Those of India are largely Hindu, with a small Muslim minority, while those of Pakistan are Muslim. Phoolan Devi, the controversial dacoit and politician belonged to the Mallah community.
In North India.
The community is found along the banks of the Yamuna and Ganges rivers of Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. Most Mallah groups trace their descent from the ancient Nishada tribe, mentioned in the "Mahabharata". They are related to the Kewat community, who form the bulk of the boatmen class of North India. Other Mallah sub-groups include the Bind, the Goriya, the Chai, Tiar and Dhimar tribes. All of these groups of Hindu Mallaah are endogamous. Among the Muslim Mallaah, the Chaudriya are largest sub-group, followed by the Jarya. The Muslim Mallaah are found mainly in western Uttar Pradesh. Many Mallaah are now cultivators, with a few now have also taken to other occupations. In Uttar Pradesh, they speak Khari boli, Awadhi and Hindi.The majority of the community are Hindu, although there are a small number of Muslim Mallah.
In Bihar, they are both cultivators and boatmen. They claim descent from the Hindu god Nisadh. The community is also known as Mandalji or Machua. They speak the Angika dialect of Hindi. The community consist of three sub-castes, the Dhoar, Parbattikurin, and Semeri.
In North India, the Mallaah have set up a caste association, the Akhil Bharitiya Nishad Sabha (the All India Nishad Association), which acts as a community welfare association.
In East India.
In West Bengal and Orissa another sub-group of the Mallah community is present and they are known as Mahishya. This community is found mainly in the coastal region of the Bay of Bengal. They speak Bengali and are Hindus.
In Pakistan.
In Sindh.
It Sindh, the Mallaah are traditionally boatmen and fisherfolk, living along the inlets of the Indus delta. They speak Sindhi, and are close associated with Mohana tribe. The Mallaah are found mainly in the coastal districts of Thatta and Badin, and most are largely still fishermen. Many have seen their traditional areas of habitation washed away by the sea. The Indus Delta is also silting, which makes cultivation difficult. An important subsidiary occupation is animal husbandry, with the Mallaah raising cattle. Although living in close proximity to the Jath community, who customs are similar to the Mallaah, there is almost no intermarriage. The Mallaah community consists of a number of clans, referred to as "nukh", the largest Mallaah nukh being the Dablo.
famous personalities of sindh mallah, haji ahmed mallah poet and translator of Quran in Sindhi Language, Hakim Ali mallah from Khairpur mirs Sindh a social worker and Advocate by profession, as well as more other names related to mallah community,
In Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
In Punjab, the boatmen belong either to the Mallaah or Jhabel tribe. In south west Punjab, they are often regarded as a clan of Rajputs, and found mainly along the banks of the Indus. They extend as far north as Dera Ismail Khan District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, where there settlements are found mainly along the banks of the Indus. In this region, many Mallaah are cultivators, and have given up their occupation as boatmen. They generally combine their specialized occupation of boat management with other occupations such as fishing and the growing of waternuts.
In neighbouring Punjab, the Mallaah are found mainly in the districts of Muzaffargarh, Dera Ghazi Khan, Rajanpur and Layyah, and said to be by origin Jhinwar. While Bahawalpur, the Mallaah, Mohana and Jhabel are said to have a common origin, with Mohana being fishermen, the Mallaah being boatmen and Jhabel being cultivators. The Mallah speak Seraiki, and are entirely Sunni. There are also mallaah communities in the Hazara Division of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. They live along the banks of the Indus in the Haripur and Mansehra districts and speak Hindko, a dialect of Punjabi.
References.
Kaibartta and mallah are not of same caste. Claim of scientists by identify blood. 
Introduction Of 
Mallah-
While william crooke describes them as descendants of nishada, a mountain tribe of the ayodhya range, another anthropologist, say. The mallah caste are descended from nishad father and sudra mother. 
Introduction Of Kaibartta-
These kaibartta people were of a royal tribe. Historians such as jagabandhu singh have a referenced the padma purana and the brahmavaivarta purana to conclude that. the mahishyas and kaivarttas are same caste. In general terms, " the child born of a kshatriya father and vaishya mother is called a kaibartta or mahishya ".

</doc>
<doc id="6010981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010981" title="Tightness">
Tightness

Tightness may refer to:
In mathematics,
In economics,
In other fields,

</doc>
<doc id="6010983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010983" title="Jack Geraghty">
Jack Geraghty

John Vincent "Jack" Geraghty, Jr. (born February 23, 1934) is an Irish American civic politician, journalist, and public relations consultant from Spokane, Washington. In 1964, he was elected to the Spokane County Board of Commissioners, while simultaneously serving in the Air National Guard and working as a staff journalist with the "Spokane Daily Chronicle". He resigned as County Commissioner in 1971, when the City of Spokane began preparing to host the 1974 World's Fair. While he was initially named as the Director of Public Relations, he was later appointed to serve as the Vice President of Exhibitor and Guest Relations. At that time, he established the public relations consulting firm of Jack Geraghty and Associates. In 1975, he founded the short-lived weekly newspaper, known as "The Falls". In 1992, he was elected as the 39th mayor of the city, serving from 1993 to 1998. In 2011, he was honored as a member of the University of Washington Department of Communication's Alumni Hall of Fame.
Personal background.
Early life and family.
John "Jack" Vincent Geraghty, Jr. was born on February 23, 1934, in Seattle, Washington and raised in Spokane. He is the son of John Vincent and Gladys Ida (née Johnson) Geraghty, Sr. His father worked in advertising as art director and account executive on staff with Spokane-area agencies for over 45 years. He was also a commercial water color artist and was an active member of the Spokane Water Color Society. Geraghty's siblings include brothers Michael and Thomas, and sisters Kathleen Whitbeck and Mary Sturm. 
Geraghty is a third-generation Irish American. His great grandparents immigrated to the US from County Mayo, Ireland in 1880, when his grandfather, James M. Geraghty, was ten years old. His grandfather served as Spokane's City Attorney and member of the Washington State House of Representatives from the 3rd legislative district. Ironically, while Geraghty's grandfather served as Spokane's City Attorney during the first decade of the 20th century, Geraghty served as the mayor of the city during the last decade. In 1933, his grandfather was appointed to the Washington State Supreme Court, by Governor Clarence D. Martin.
Education.
Geraghty attended North Central High School, graduating in 1952. His extracurricular activities included participating in writing, editing, and producing the "North Central News" student newspaper. In 1997, he was honored as an inaugural recipient of the North Central High School Distinguished Alumnus Award. Fellow recipients included former member of the National Transportation Safety Board and NASA's Safety Advisory Group for Space Flight, Vernon L. Grose; US Congressman, George Nethercutt; Jerry Sage, WWII prisoner of war portrayed by Steve McQueen in the movie, "The Great Escape"; and musician Don Eagle, who toured with the USO during WWII and appeared in "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court" (with fellow-Spokanite Bing Crosby), "Night Has a Thousand Eyes" (with Edward G. Robinson), and "The Strip" (with Mickey Rooney).
After high school, Geraghty enrolled at the University of Washington, where he was a member of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity. He graduated in 1956 with a Bachelor's degree in Journalism. While attending the University of Washington, he served as president of the school's student body and worked on the staff of "The Daily of the University of Washington" student newspaper. He is a lifetime member of the University of Washington's Alumni Association. In 2011, the Department of Communication honored him with a membership to the Alumni Hall of Fame.
Military.
Immediately following his graduation from college, Geraghty was drafted into the US Army and sent to boot camp at Fort Ord in California. He was then sent to Washington D.C., where he utilized his journalism degree by editing the "Service Stripe" military newspaper at Walter Reed Army Medical Center. After two years in the Army, Geraghty returned to Spokane, serving another two years in the Air Force Reserves. He was a Lieutenant, assigned to a post as the Public Information Officer in the Air National Guard.
Marriage.
On April 19, 1958, Geraghty married Marlene Curtis at St Paschal's Catholic Church in Spokane. Together, they had four daughters, Marcella Maile, Sheila Geraghty, Brigid Krause, and Nora Boyle; and seven grandchildren. Two of his grandsons are graduates of the University of Washington, while another graduated from the Air Force Academy. While daughter Sheila is the business administrator for the Salvation Army in Spokane, Brigid serves as the volunteer services manager for Catholic Charities. Geraghty and his wife were separated in 1994 and divorced in 1997.
In 2001, Geraghty and Kerry Lynch were married by Father Gerard O'Leary at St Joseph's Church, located in the countryside outside Limerick, Ireland. Geraghty and his wife share a common Irish heritage. They have visited Ireland more than a dozen times and Limerick city every two years. They have worked together in establishing and strengthening Spokane's Sister City relationship with Limerick. They co-founded the Spokane Limerick Sister City Society and established the Friendly Sons of St Patrick together. , Lynch continues to serve as the President of the Spokane-Limerick Sister City Society. She is also the founder and president of the public relations consulting firm of Alliance Pacific, Inc. and former communications director for Spokane Public Schools. He is the stepfather of her daughters, Kaitlin Larson (BA: Gonzaga University, Masters of Communications and Organizational Leadership: Gonzaga University) and Meghan Johnson (BA: Oregon State University, MBA: Gonzaga University). He has three grandchildren through Kaitlin and her husband, Wes Larson. Geraghty and his wife , they reside in southwest Spokane.
Professional background.
Journalism.
Following completion of his service with the Air National Guard, Geraghty was hired as a reporter for the "Spokane Daily Chronicle" newspaper, which later merged with the "The Spokesman-Review". During his work on staff at the "Chronicle", he reported on news, events, activities, and the judicial process at the Spokane County Courthouse. In 1975, following the success of Expo '74, Geraghty established and began publishing a weekly newspaper known as "The Falls", referring to the Spokane River, which prominently passes through Riverfront Park and the central business district, flowing over the Spokane Falls, just under the Monroe Street Bridge. After two years, the newspaper shut down, when it was proven to be unsuccessful. Geraghty said of the venture, "That was really a tough go because we were fighting the newspaper in Spokane. We were trying to emulate David Brewster and the Seattle weekly he had. We didn't really have the base population to make it work. That's probably one of my biggest disappointments."
County politics.
In 1964, Geraghty was elected to the Spokane County Board of Commissioners. Just 29 years old, he was the youngest County Commissioner ever elected. During his time in office, he focused on restructuring county departments. Following the 1953 demolition of the Public Health Building, which was adjacent to the Spokane County Courthouse, the County built a modernized four-story annex to house various departments. During this time, Geraghty successfully championed the consolidation of the County Sheriff's department with the city's police and corrections functions in the new Public Health Building.
Public relations.
In 1971, Geraghty resigned his membership on the Spokane County Board of Commissioners, when he established the corporate firm of Jack Geraghty and Associates, which provides consulting services focusing on public relations, community studies, and public affairs. In preparation for Spokane's hosting of the 1974 World's Fair, Geraghty was named as the Director of Public Relations of the organizing committee. He was later appointed to serve as the Vice President of Exhibitor and Guest Relations. In preparation for the fair, the local government demolished the downtown business district, which was previously dominated by the Great Northern Railroad Depot. In addition to serving as the founder of Jack Geraghty and Associates, Geraghty has served as Vice President and senior advisor of Alliance Pacific, Inc., which was founded by his wife, Kerry Lynch. In his role with both firms, he spearheaded several bond issues, which have resulted in the development of public libraries; renovation and construction of local high schools; and improving city parks and street projects. He was also instrumental in expanding the Spokane Convention Center, Group Health Exhibit Hall, and the Agricultural Trade Center, which had been the Washington State Pavilion during the World's Fair.
City politics.
On November 4, 1993, Geraghty was elected to serve as the 39th mayor for the City of Spokane. During his term in office, he focused his efforts on public safety, economic development, streamlining city government, and improving the infrastructure of the city streets, transportation system, and traffic corridors. He also began working on reviving the local economy, by revitalizing the city's central business district with the development of River Park Square and restoration of the historic Davenport Hotel. He also hired 30 additional police officers and established nine neighborhood centers throughout the city, which have served reduce crime and empower citizens to improve and strengthen the voice of neighborhoods in city decision-making. In 1997, he ran for a second term in office to commence in 1998, but was defeated for re-election by John Talbott.
Community involvement.
Geraghty has been actively involved in public and private organizations throughout the Spokane since 1964. As a prominent civic leader, he has worked with the Sister Cities Society and the City of Spokane to establish and maintain international relationships with the cities of Nishinomiya, Japan and Limerick. In honor of his Irish heritage, Geraghty and his wife co-founded the Spokane Limerick Sister City Society and established the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. In 1996, Geraghty's wife, Kerry, was named as the Irish Woman of the Year. In 1997, Geraghty served as Grand Marshall of Spokane's St. Patrick's Day parade, established by the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick. In 1999, he served as the parade chairman. He was named as president of the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick in 2000 and 2001. In 2013, he was named Irish Man of the Year, while his daughter, Sheila, was named as the Irish Woman of the Year. 
Geraghty is the founder of the Citizen's League of Greater Spokane that championed the election of Freeholders and established a charter to unify city and county government in Spokane. He served as President and Vice President of Programs of the Public Relations Society of America. He also served as the President of the Manito Golf and Country Club, Spokane Press Club, and Spokane Public Relations Council. He was Chairman of the Board of Trustees at Eastern Washington University, just west of Spokane.

</doc>
<doc id="6010985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010985" title="Gobelins">
Gobelins

The word Gobelins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6010986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6010986" title="Ganj Par">
Ganj Par

Ganj Par is a Lower Paleolithic site located in the Gilan province in northern Iran.
Located on an old western terrace of the Sefīd-Rūd River, the site was discovered by a team of archaeologists from the Center for Paleolithic Research of the National Museum of Iran in 2002.
The Lower Paleolithic cave site of Darband Cave is located at east of Ganj Par.
About 150 stone artifacts —handaxes, cleavers, a pick, choppers, and smaller flake tools — made of limestone, igneous rocks, and sandstone have been found at the site. There are some similarities between this Acheulian stone tools with those found in Caucasus region. Discovery of Ganj Par thus indicates that Iran is part of the Acheulian territory.

</doc>
<doc id="6011021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6011021" title="Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Mrs. Wu York Yu Memorial College">
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Mrs. Wu York Yu Memorial College

Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Mrs. Wu York Yu Memorial College (Chinese: 東華三院伍若瑜夫人紀念中學) is a co-educational secondary school established by the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals in 1977. It is located in Shek Yam in the New Territories of Hong Kong. The incumbent school principal is Lee Yin Mei, while Lui Lei Cheung is the school supervisor.
History.
The College was founded in 1977 as the sixth Tung Wah Group secondary school established with donations from Wu Yee-sun. 
Chinese was the primary language of instruction until 2009, when it changed to English.

</doc>
<doc id="6011030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6011030" title="Gobelin">
Gobelin

Gobelin was the name of a family of dyers, who in all probability came originally from Reims, and who in the middle of the 15th century established themselves in the Faubourg Saint Marcel, Paris, on the banks of the Bièvre.
The first head of the firm was named Jehan (d. 1476). He discovered a peculiar kind of scarlet dyestuff, and he expended so much money on his establishment that it was named by the common people "la folie Gobelin". To the dye-works there was added in the 16th century a manufactory of tapestry.
The family's wealth increased so rapidly that in the third or fourth generation some of them forsook their trade and purchased titles of nobility. More than one of their number held offices of state, among others Balthasar, who became successively treasurer general of artillery, treasurer extraordinary of war, councillor secretary of the king, chancellor of the exchequer, councillor of state and president of the chamber of accounts, and who in 1601 received from Henry IV the lands and lordship of Brie-Comte-Robert. He died in 1603. The name of the Gobelins as dyers cannot be found later than the end of the 17th century.
In 1662 the works in the Faubourg Saint Marcel, with the adjoining grounds, were purchased by Jean-Baptiste Colbert on behalf of Louis XIV and transformed into a general upholstery manufactory, the Gobelins manufactory.

</doc>
<doc id="6011034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6011034" title="Dolos">
Dolos

A dolos (plural "dolosse"- approximate translation "knuckle bones"; approximate pronunciation "dohl-awe-sah) is a concrete block in a complex geometric shape weighing up to 20 tons, used in great numbers to protect harbour walls from the erosive force of ocean waves. They were developed in East London, a port city in South Africa, in 1963 and are found in millions around the world.
Construction.
Dolosse are normally made from un-reinforced concrete, poured into a steel mould. The concrete will sometimes be mixed with small steel fibers, to strengthen it in the absence of reinforcing. Construction is done as close as possible to the site of installation because the dolosse are very heavy.
They are used to protect harbour walls, breakwaters and shore earthworks. In Dania Beach, Florida, dolosse are used as an artificial reef known as the Dania Beach Erojacks. They are also used to trap sea-sand to prevent erosion. In the order of 10 000 dolosse are required for a kilometre of coastline.
They work by dissipating, rather than blocking, the energy of waves. Their design deflects most wave action energy to the side, making them more difficult to dislodge than objects of a similar weight presenting a flat surface. Though they are placed into position on top of each other by cranes, over time they tend to get further entangled as the waves shift them. Their design ensures that they form an interlocking but porous wall. However, they are not indestructible. Under extreme storm conditions they will hammer one another and be pounded into rubble 
The individual units are often numbered so that satellites can track their movements. This helps engineers gauge whether they need to add more dolosse to the pile.
Dolosse are also being used in rivers in the Pacific Northwest of the United States of America, to control erosion, prevent channel migration and to create and restore salmon habitat. Examples are engineered log jams, or ELJs, that may aid in efforts to save stocks of salmon. Local, county, state, federal and private industry experts in engineering design, fluvial geomorphology and fisheries conservation are working together to protect important public infrastructure such as roads and commercial and residential developments, while maintaining, improving, restoring, or creating aquatic habitat. The sheer mass of the dolosse provides ballast for logs and slash ("wrack" or "rack" organic debris) to create a stable, complex habitat structure, all the while precluding the need for excessive, environmentally-invasive and costly excavation for their placement into substrate. Such ELJs are of a new, innovative design that are on the leading edge of engineering and science technologies in aiding the recovery of Pacific Northwest (particularly Endangered Species Act-listed) salmonids, while protecting important public and private works and thus helping to balance the needs of Man and Nature.
Credit for invention.
The design of the dolos is usually credited to the South African Eric Mowbray Merrifield, one-time East London Harbour Engineer (from 1961–1976). In the late 1990s the claim of Mr Aubrey Kruger gained more prominence. Kruger's claim is that he and Merrifield had considered the shape of concrete blocks to be used to protect East London's extensive breakwaters for the City's non-natural harbour, following a major storm in 1963. Merrifield wished to design a block that did not break up or shift when struck by the sea; that was cheap; and that did not require precise placement. He said in later years that he wanted a block designed in such a way that it could be ""sprinkled like children's jacks"". Kruger stated that he went home for lunch, cut three sections from a broomstick, and fastened them with nails into an H-shape with one leg turned through 90 degrees to create the distinctive "dolos" shape. Merrifield was intrigued by the object and had Kruger draw a plan. Kruger never formally received credit for the invention. Merrifield won the Shell Design Award and the Associated Science and Technology Societies of South Africa's Gold Medal. The death of Merrifield (in 1982) has put this controversy beyond proof either way.
Design protection.
It is unusual in this day and age to note that the design of the dolos is not protected by any form of patent. Merrifield did not take the necessary steps to protect the concept. 
The reason for this is uncertain. Two reasons for this failure have been put forward: one by Merrifield; the other by Kruger. Merrifield stated that he did not protect them as he wished them to benefit humanity. Kruger alleges that Merrifield received incorrect legal advice: to wit, that as the blocks has been designed during office hours while he was employed by the State (South African Railways and Harbours Administration,) he was unable in law to protect their design.
Origin of name.
The name is without doubt derived from the Afrikaans word "dolos"- plural dolosse. This word has two given derivations but a person who is not a native speaker of Afrikaans would struggle to follow the nuances of the discussion. Rosenthal states it to be a contraction of 'dobbel osse', or 'gambling' (Afrikaans) 'bones' (from Latin). Boshof and Nienaber state it to be a contraction of 'dollen os', or 'play' (old Dutch) 'oxen' (Afrikaans). The first is a meaning-shifted reference to ox knuckle-joint bones used in divination practices by "sangomas", Southern African traditional healers. They somewhat resemble these bones. The second is a reference to ox or lamb knuckle bones used by African children at play. The name was attached to the objects when Kruger's father, Joe Kruger, who also worked in the harbour, came upon his son and others playing with small models of the objects and asked him "Wat speel julle met die dolos?" (English: "What are you playing at with the dolos?").

</doc>
