<doc id="5937455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937455" title="Benjamin Tusten">
Benjamin Tusten

Benjamin Tusten (11 December 1743 – July 22, 1779) was a physician and a militia lieutenant colonel during the American Revolutionary War.
Biography.
"Doctor Benjamin Tusten was a native of Southhold, on Long Island. He was born on the 11th December, 1743, and was the only son of Colonel Benjamin Tusten Sr, a respectable farmer of that place. His father removed into Orange county, in the year 1746, bringing with him his son, and settled on the banks of the Otterkill, two and a half miles from the village of Goshen, on the patent granted to Madame Elizabeth Denn. Such was the respect in which the father was held, that he was soon appointed one of the judges of the county court, and promoted a colonel in the regiment of militia on the west side of the mountain, including at that time all the county of Orange, north of the Highlands, from Hudson's river to the line of New Jersey. His son Benjamin he had intended for a farmer, being then in possession of a large tract of land; but not being of a hardy constitution, he relinquished that design, and determined to fit him for a profession. For that purpose he sent him to an academy to obtain a classical education, at Jamaica, Long Island, there being none in Orange county; there he obtained a thorough acquaintance with the mathematics, and a good knowledge of the Latin and Greek languages. At the age of nineteen he returned, and commenced the study of medicine with Doctor Thomas Wickham, of Goshen, whose character as a physician and teacher of medicine stood unrivaled in his day. Medical books at that time, were difficult to be procured - none were published in this country, and as they were bought only by one profession, importations of them were scarce; indeed, most of the physicians imported their own libraries. From this circumstance the libraries of physicians were small, especially those who resided so far back in the country. This induced young Tusten, at the end of a year, to leave Doctor Wickham, and go to Newark, New Jersey, where he spent another year with Doctor Burnet. Here he became acquainted with a Miss Brown, whom he afterwards married. There were at that time no medical schools in this country, and he was induced to finish his education with Doctor Thomas Jones, a celebrated surgeon in the city of New York. In 1769 he returned home and commenced the practice of physic at the house of his father. Although he had availed himself of every opportunity of acquiring medical knowledge which the times would allow him, yet he commenced practice under unfavorable circumstances, - within three miles of his first preceptor, Doctor John Gale, in the village of Goshen, (if village it might then be called) and Doctor Pierson, in the East Division, not three miles distant, all of whom had their friends and employers; he performed some operations in surgery which gave him a degree of celebrity, (Doctor Gale being the only one who pretended to do anything in surgery). Doctor Tusten was mild, modest and unassuming in his manners, pleasant to his patients, and affable with all; he was also well acquainted with all improvements in surgery up to his time, which gave him a decided advantage over his competitor in that department of science. "Inoculation for small-pox had never been practiced in this country; indeed it was violently opposed and never resorted to but when circumstances had rendered it imperiously necessary. Doctor Tusten commenced inoculation in the year 1770. For this purpose he hired four houses in as many neighborhoods, where he inoculated about eight hundred persons, with such success as entirely to destroy the prejudices of the people against it. He kept these houses two years, after which inoculation was admitted into private families, and pock-houses were considered no longer necessary. He continued the practice of physic with success and deserved reputation, until the year 1779. During this time he married Miss Brown, by whom he had two sons and three daughters. "In the year 1775, the discontent which had long rankled in the bosoms of Americans, began to break out in open opposition to the British government. Their cruel and oppressive measures in regard to these colonies became matters of serious complaint, and excited a spirit of resistance, which called forth the energies of all citizens, who had a just sense of the injuries they had received, and of the duties they owed their country. Doctor Tusten early evinced a spirit becoming a freeman; he took a decided part in favor of the revolution, which had at that time just begun to unfold itself; he risked his all in support of that declaration, wherein the signers pledged to each other and to their country, their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor; and he redeemed that pledge by the sacrifice of his own life. By riding and exercise he had become more healthy; active and enterprising, he had gained the confidence of his countrymen. In 1777, he was appointed Lieutenant Colonel of the Goshen Regiment of Militia, under General Allison, and in 1778, he was appointed a Surrogate of Orange county, which office he held at the time of his death." - [Address of Doctor David R. Arnell before the Medical Society of Orange county, July 4, 1820.
American Revolutionary War.
In 1779, lieutenant colonel Tusten led a group of militia against Joseph Brant at the Battle of Minisink. On July 20, Joseph Brant, a Mohawk chief and commissioned officer in the British army, lead a strong party of Indians to raid Minisink and the surrounding valley settlements. They by-passed the blockhouses set up for defense and burned over 20 buildings, killing and capturing civilians. The militia of Goshen, NY, lead by Col. Tusten marched to Minisink to help the inhabitants, where he was joined by the neighboring Sussex county, NJ, militia company lead by Major Samuel Meeker, both groups gathering together on July 21. Together they had about 149 men. They held a council of war to consider pursuit (The Indians were driving cattle and horses, and could be caught.), but Tusten believed the Indians outnumbered the militia by odds of two to one, so advised against attacking the retreating enemy and to wait for reinforcements from the Continental Army. Many others were insistent for immediate pursuit and attack. Finally, Maj. Meeker mounted up and waved his sword, saying "Let the brave men follow me: the cowards may stay behind!" The council stopped debating the issue and decided to go on the march through the night. The battle unfolded just as Tusten had predicted. The militia was over run by Brant's superior forces. At the end of the battle a mortally wounded Col Hathorne was in retreat and leaving the battlefield when he stopped to tell the wounded Tusten to save himself and leave the battle, the enemy had breached the lines and his position would be over run. Tusten refused to leave his wounded men and was killed with a tomahawk to the head. Samuel Meeker was wounded at the battle and left for home.
Legacy.
He left behind five children, one of whom, James, served as a major in the War of 1812. His wife was named Ann Brown and had two daughters with her Sarah Tusten and Abigail Tusten Reeve.
The town of Tusten, New York is named for him.
There is also street in Goshen, NY named after him - Tusten Ave.

</doc>
<doc id="5937459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937459" title="Bogshed">
Bogshed

Bogshed were an independent band formed in Hebden Bridge, Yorkshire, England in 1984, originally as The Amazing Roy North Penis Band.
History.
The band formed in early 1984 and comprised Phil Hartley (vocals), Mark McQauid (guitar), Mike Bryson (bass guitar), and Tris King (drums). Bryson also produced the cover art for the band's releases. The name came from a misheard line in a song, with Hartley explaining "I like the way that the mouth moves when you say Bog Shed". They were helped initially by The Membranes, leading to several performances in London, and the band's first release was the "Let Them Eat Bogshed" EP on John Robb's Vinyl Drip label in 1985. By the time of this release, the band had already played around 35 concerts and, according to Hartley, written between 80 and 100 songs.
Not really sounding like anyone before or since, they had much in common with some of the bands on the "Ron Johnson" label. Bryson explained their approach to songwriting: "We start out being totally out of order and out of key and we turn things like that into a pop song. Most people try to do it the other way round." They released two albums and several singles as well as recording five Peel Sessions, before splitting in 1987. Two of these sessions, from 1986, were issued on the "Tried and Tested Public Speaker" EP in January 1987, described by Liz Evans in "Underground" as "a mixture of throbbing, jogging rhythm and a bleating voice which rolls those words around and spits them out with plenty of spleen and bile".
Bogshed appeared on the "NME"s "C86" compilation, and the term "shambling" was coined by John Peel to describe their sound, although the term later became more commonly used to describe bands such as The Pastels.
Mike Bryson currently records under the name of Forkeyes. A split mini album 'Vier Mit Vier', with tracks by electronic musician Marcus H (Soiled) and Forkeyes will be released on Elm Lodge Records.
Tris King died on December 26th 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5937465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937465" title="Charles John Seghers">
Charles John Seghers

Charles John Seghers (also written as "Charles-Jean Seghers"; 26 December 1839 - 28 November 1886) was a Belgian clergyman and missionary bishop. He is considered to be the founder of the Alaska Mission.
Biography.
Early years and formation.
Seghers was born at Ghent, in Belgium.
He attended school at the Jesuit High School of Ste. Barbe in Ghent, and the American College in Leuven. Ordained priest in May 1863 in Mechlin, Belgium, he left soon after to begin his missionary work in the area of Vancouver, Canada in November of that year.
Missionary work.
While there, he founded St. Joseph's Hospital in Victoria, British Columbia. He returned to Rome to take part in the First Vatican Council. He was appointed as a diocesan administrator in 1871, and later Bishop of Vancouver Island (now Bishop of Victoria) on 29 June 1873. He made his first visit to Alaska, which was included in his diocese, three weeks later. He made five visits to Alaska during his term as bishop. In June 1878, he left Nulato, Alaska, where he had set up a temporary headquarters, and set sail to San Francisco, where he learned he had been appointed Coadjutor Archbishop of Oregon City, later to be renamed the Archdiocese of Portland. Although he personally would have preferred remaining a missionary, he accepted the appointment. He would later become the Archbishop in 1880. In that capacity, he visited Rome in 1883, and took part that year in the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore. After petitioning Pope Leo XIII to be reassigned to Vancouver again, his wish was granted. This allowed him to return to missionary work. He established missions in Juneau and Sitka, and also founded a school and hospital in Juneau.
Death.
In 1886, with two Jesuit priests, Pascal Tosi and Aloysius Robaut, and one layman, Frank Fuller, he sailed from Victoria with the intention of reaching the upper Yukon. When they reached the confluence of the Yukon River and Stewart River, Seghers decided the other two priests should spend the winter there, while he and Fuller would press on to Nulato. Father Tosi expressed concerns about this proposal, noting that Fuller had displayed signs of emotional instability. Seghers acknowledged the concern, and how the lateness of the season would likely impact his work. He gave as his reasons for going ahead anyway as his wish to fulfill a promise made to the people of Nulato to return eight years earlier, and that there were stories that an Anglican priest, who was allegedly at St. Michael, Alaska, might arrive there and establish himself before Seghers. As they continued down the river, Seghers came to realize that, as traveling conditions and the boat deteriorated, Fuller's mind did as well. On October 16, he wrote in his diary: "Peculiar conversation with (Fuller) in which, for the third time, he gives evidence of insanity." On November 27, Seghers and Fuller, with two native guides they had acquired at Nuklukayet, decided to spend the night at the fish camp at what is today known as "Bishop's Rock". Seghers was in high spirits, laughing frequently, thinking that he would finally reach Nulato the following day. Fuller, however, remained sullen, looking suspiciously at his companions and remaining agitated throughout the night.
Between six and seven the next morning, the party arose and prepared for the final leg of their journey. As Seghers bent over to pick up his mittens, Fuller fired a single shot which killed Seghers instantly.
His body was taken to St. Michael for burial. The next year, it was exhumed and sent to Victoria, and buried in the crypt at St. Andrew's Cathedral. He is still referred to as "the founder of the Alaska missions."

</doc>
<doc id="5937473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937473" title="Larry Richert">
Larry Richert

Larry Richert (born c. 1960 in Millvale, Pennsylvania) is an American journalist.
Education and career.
Born in the Pittsburgh suburb of Millvale, Pennsylvania and raised in nearby McCandless Township, Richert graduated from North Allegheny High School and Clarion University. 
He joined KDKA-TV in November 1988 when he was tapped to host "Wake Up with Larry Richert," a half-hour morning show that aired on KDKA-TV from 6:30 to 7 a.m.
In June 1990, the station reformatted its morning program to be more newscast-like. Richert offered forecasts, read sports stories and conducted interviews alongside John Shumway, who handled news stories at the anchor desk. Richert was on the morning show for four years before moving to KDKA's "Live at 5" program.
In July 1995, he moved another new position, providing weather forecasts for KDKA's 5, 6 and 11 p.m. news broadcasts, as Bob Kudzma scaled back his duties. He currently hosts the morning news on the sister radio station KDKA-AM, a position he accepted late in 2001.
The KDKA Morning News, hosted by Larry Richert and John Shumway, can be heard weekdays from 5-9 AM on NewsRadio 1020 KDKA. The show is produced by Nick Kratsas, and news is brovided by morning anchor Bill Rehkopf and news editor Kate Farrell.
He also co-wrote a movie screenplay with friend John Mowod, "Amazing Racer", which completed production in 2012. The movie's cast includes the likes of Daryl Hannah, Julianne Michelle, Eric Roberts, Claire Forlani, Louis Gossett, Jr., Jason Gedrick, Michael Madsen, Stephen Colletti, and Charles Durning. The movie is set to release in 2011. Larry is not only a writer, but a co-producer along with John Mowod of the project as well. [IMDB.COM]

</doc>
<doc id="5937479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937479" title="September (disambiguation)">
September (disambiguation)

September is the ninth month in the Gregorian Calendar.
September may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5937490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937490" title="Vennela">
Vennela

Vennela (,) is a 2005 Telugu film written and directed by Deva Katta, starring Raja and Parvati Melton as well as Sharwanand and Ravi Varma.
Audience, setting, and budget.
"Vennela" was well received among the young, urban audiences and south Indian students in USA mostly from Andhra Pradesh, India. 90% of the film was shot in Michigan, United States. The American university setting was shot at Wayne State University main campus in Detroit and Oakland University in Rochester. Only 10% of the film was shot at City College Hyderabad.
The film, made on a budget of 2.9 crore, grossed 5.3 crore at the box office and was declared a hit.
Plot.
Pavani (Parvati Melton) is an independent woman who aims to pursue higher studies in the USA. She breaks up with her fiancé, Ritesh (Sharvanand), son of a millionaire and Pavani's classmate.
Ritesh is intelligent and is also the most eligible bachelor in college. Being the son of a wealthy father, Ritesh is irresponsible, unstable, and vulnerable. He draws hostility, jealousy, enmity with his college mates like Sayeed (Ravi Varma), who was also interested in Pavani, albeit secretly. This threatening lifestyle of Ritesh forces Pavani to dump him.
While celebrating her upcoming departure to the USA with her friends, Pavani meets Naveen (Raja). With his friends, Naveen is also celebrating receiving a visa to study in the USA. Incidentally, both get admitted to the same university.
Naveen and his friends go through culture shock and the troubles faced in studying in the US and trying for a part-time job. For example, Naveen and his friends tangle and have mishaps with women, cars and an Indian restaurant owner, Pachadlla Paramanandam (Brahmanandam). Sayeed, also a student of the same university, is aware of Pavani’s strained relationship with Ritesh.
Sayeed tries to mess up with Pavani and Ritesh's life to satisfy his ego and provokes Ritesh by informing him about Pavani's relationship with Naveen. As Naveen and Pavani get closer, Sayeed gets Ritesh to the USA on a student visa to sabotage their relationship. On the other hand, Ritesh's dad tries to woo Pavani with the property that will be inherited by Ritesh upon her marriage to him. But Pavani rejects Ritesh and his dad's offer. Ritesh becomes hostile towards Pavani: he believes he was used and cheated on and that is he was innocent.
Ritesh's dad advises him not to mess with woman like Pavani, who doesn't want anything to do with Ritesh. He is lucky to be born in a wealthy family, get a good education, and could settle down with his dad's inherited property. However, Ritesh ignores his dad's advice.
The rest of the plot depicts situations that deal with Ritesh's agony at being rejected by Pavani and also on realising that he is a victim of Sayeed's scheme when he chances upon morphed images of Pavani. Subsequently Ritesh becomes psychotic. He kills Sayeed at the university campus and attacks Pavani and Naveen by hiding in their car while they return from work. While Ritesh shoots Naveen's neck, the cops arrive with an ambulance and rescue Naveen and Pavani by shooting Ritesh to death.
The film highlights situations which leads victims, like Ritesh, to dig their own graves by getting into bad company.

</doc>
<doc id="5937501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937501" title="Bob Dylan's Dream">
Bob Dylan's Dream

"Bob Dylan's Dream" is a song written by Bob Dylan in 1963. It was recorded by Dylan on April 24, 1963, and was released by Columbia Records a month later on the album "The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan".
The song was also recorded as a demo for Dylan's publishing company, M. Witmark & Sons. The demo version, taped the day before the album track, was officially released on "" in October 2010. A live version of the song was also released that month on "In Concert at Brandeis University 10/05/1963".
Background.
Two accounts have been proposed regarding the song's inspiration, neither of them conclusive. In one, 
"Bob Dylan's Dream" recalls the times Dylan had spent in Greenwich Village with comedian Hugh Romney and their friends during the early 1960s. Romney, later to become Wavy Gravy of Woodstock and Merry Pranksters fame, lived above The Gaslight Cafe on MacDougal Street, where he worked as entertainment director. The two first met at the Gaslight in the spring of 1961. Dylan approached Romney about the possibility of performing and began appearing regularly at the Gaslight's hootennanies. Within a few months, he debuted at the Gaslight as a featured act.
Dylan frequently hung out upstairs in Romney's apartment and wrote one of his most significant songs there, "A Hard Rain's a-Gonna Fall", in August 1962 . The next winter, in late January or early February 1963, he wrote "Bob Dylan's Dream" possibly as a nostalgic remembrance of his early days in the Village when his life was less complex.
However, according to biographer and critic Robert Shelton, the song concerns the lost innocence of his adolescence in Hibbing, Minnesota. John Bucklen, one of Dylan's closest friends in Hibbing in the mid-1950s, told Shelton he and Dylan used to venture out to his sister's house, where they would play guitar and sing verses. "When I heard the song 'Bob Dylan's Dream'," he said, "I couldn't help but think that some of the sessions we had at my sister's house were part of that 'Dream.'"
The song's origins.
According to Shelton, Dylan credited the melody of "Bob Dylan's Dream" to the traditional broadside ballad "Lord Franklin" (also known as "Lady Franklin's Lament" and "The Sailor's Dream"), which he learned from British folksinger Martin Carthy, whom he met while visiting London in late December 1962.
However, Dylan probably learned the song even earlier from his Village friend Paul Clayton, who had recorded it in 1957 for his album "Whaling and Sailing Songs: From the Days of Moby Dick" on Folkways. In either case, within a couple weeks after returning from London in January 1963, Dylan began playing "Bob Dylan's Dream" for Gil Turner during after-hours sessions at Gerde's Folk City, where Turner was emcee.
Besides the melody, Dylan's song also shares lyrical similarities with "Lady Franklin's Lament", as in the song's closing lines:
"Lady Franklin's Lament" concludes on a similar note:
Within a short time, Dylan made the song a regular part of his repertoire, performing it for his first major New York concert at Town Hall on April 12, 1963. Less than two weeks later, on April 24, he recorded two takes of the song at Columbia's Studio A, one of which was selected for the album "Freewheelin' Bob Dylan".
See also.
List of Bob Dylan songs based on earlier tunes

</doc>
<doc id="5937505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937505" title="Caucasian cuisine">
Caucasian cuisine

The cuisine of the Caucasus includes the traditional cuisines of Georgia, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Dagestan, Chechnya, Ingushetia, Kabardino-Balkaria, Karachay–Cherkessia, North Ossetia–Alania, South Ossetia, Abkhazia, Adjaria, and the Adygea.

</doc>
<doc id="5937523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937523" title="Ecstasy (play)">
Ecstasy (play)

Ecstasy is a 1979 play by British playwright Mike Leigh with a six-character cast. It covers the life of four blue-collar friends living in a ratty area of London near Kilburn High Road and the drunken frustration in their lives, particularly that of the lead character Jean.
Jean is a suicidal garage attendant who sleeps with unsuitable men, like Roy, drinks heavily and has abortions. Her friend from Birmingham, Dawn, who has had three children, brings back her husband Mick, an Irish labourer, and his quiet friend, Len, to Jean's bleak Kilburn bedsitter, - 'their second act ensemble trumpets the dark night of the soul, in what is at once one of the best and gloomiest party scenes in contemporary drama.' 
The play opened at the Hampstead Theatre on 26 September 1979. The production was designed by Alison Chitty, and the cast comprised Sheila Kelley as Jean, Ron Cook as Roy, Rachel Davies as Val, Julie Walters as Dawn, Stephen Rea as Mick, and Jim Broadbent as Len. For both Broadbent and Rea, this was the first of several collaborations with Leigh. A new production directed by Leigh, and starring Sian Brooke, Daniel Coonan, Claire Louise Cordwell, Allen Leech, Sinead Matthews, and Craig Parkinson opened on 10 March 2011 at the Hampstead Theatre, and transferred to the Duchess Theatre in Covent Garden on 12 April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5937527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937527" title="Parfait Tic!">
Parfait Tic!

It is published in China by Jade Dynasty, in France by Panini Comics, in Indonesia by Elex Media, and in Italy by Star Comics.
Story.
Fuuko (or Fuu-chan for friends) is a lively girl starting her first year of high school. Her life is turned upside down by the arrival of her new neighbors: the bishōnen Shinpo cousins, Daiya and Ichi.
Fuuko initially falls for the playboy Daiya. Unfortunately, her first love is an unrequited love. Daiya claims he does not know what 'being in love' feels like. Suffering from her first heartbreak, she receives unexpected support from Ichi. Although he seems cold, Ichi actually is in love with Fuuko. The two spend more and more time together, and Fuuko discovers she has feelings for Ichi too. Only 'official' confessions away from being a couple, a woman from Ichi's past shows up. Iori-san used to work for the Shinpo family company. Back then, Ichi had fallen in love with her (even though she had a boyfriend, and was some years older than he was). His infatuation was big enough to worry his parents, who had her fired. Now that she's back in his life, Ichi's feelings turn to her again. Not even his budding relationship with Fuuko can lessen his need to be with Iori. Fuuko can't deal with this and they part ways. 
Fuuko is heartbroken again, but this time the pain runs much deeper. Her love for Ichi was more serious than her former crush on Daiya. Ironically, it's Daiya who supports her through these hard times. Ichi spends his free time with Iori, and Daiya tries his hardest to distract Fuuko. Slowly, Daiya is beginning to understand 'what it is to be in love', as he is falling in love with Fuuko. But she can't return his feelings, she is not over Ichi yet.
At New Year, Daiya asks Fuuko if she wants to go out with him. Taking a fresh start, Fuuko accepts. Meanwhile, Ichi says goodbye to Iori, as he finally understands she only sees him as a little brother, while the one she really loves is her boyfriend.
At a class cleanup, Fuuko accidentally kissed Ichi and felt guilty towards Daiya. When Daiya finally found out, he was upset that Fuuko didn't trust in their relationship enough to tell him right away. Fuuko started to knit a hat for Valentine's Day for Daiya without knowing whether she would get a chance to give it to him. Their relationship got stronger after Fuuko confessed to Daiya at that she was only thinking about him when knitting the hat at the hospital after Daiya's accident.
List of media.
Volumes.
List of published manga volumes 
Live-Action Drama.
The live action drama (Taiwanese) of Parfait Tic! is called "Love Buffet." Starring Reen Yu as Fuuko Kameyama, or Hu Xiao Feng, Aaron Yan as Ichi Shinpo, or Xing Yi Cheng, and Calvin Chen as Xing Da Ye, or Daiya Shinpo. This drama was broadcast from December 19, 2010 to March 13, 2011 on FTV.

</doc>
<doc id="5937531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937531" title="Evers Burns">
Evers Burns

Evers Allen Burns (born August 24, 1971) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Sacramento Kings in the 2nd round (31st overall) of the 1993 NBA Draft. A 6'8" forward from the University of Maryland, Burns played in only 22 games as a member of the Kings during the 1993-94 NBA season, averaging 2.4 points per game.
In 1998, Burns played 22 games for the Sydney Kings in the Australian National Basketball League. He also played several seasons in the Continental Basketball Association, for the Sioux Falls Skyforce, Oklahoma City Cavalry, Yakima Sun Kings and Quad City Thunder.

</doc>
<doc id="5937539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937539" title="Langrisser II">
Langrisser II

Langrisser II is the sequel to "Warsong", and was never released outside Japan. Langrisser II was also remade on the Super Famicom (SNES) by Masaya as Der Langrisser, which featured multiple paths through the game, greatly reduced difficulty, and reworked graphics. A PC-FX port of the SNES version, "Der Langrisser FX", was also released, featuring animated cut-scenes. It was later compiled with the first "Langrisser" for the PlayStation as "Langrisser I&II", and then given a script edit and new branch of the Imperial path in its final Saturn remake as "Langrisser: Dramatic Edition". A Windows 98 release of the game was released in Japanese, Chinese and Korean; it features redrawn, high-resolution graphics, but a vastly trimmed-down soundtrack to fit the confines of a standard length CD.
Plot.
Overview.
Der Langrisser was one of the first tactical RPGs to allow the player a choice of story paths. Depending on the player's choices, the protagonist of the game, Erwin, can switch allegiances between three factions: the Descendants of Light, the Rayguard Empire, and the Demon Tribe. Alternatively, he can choose to create his own faction in opposition to the other three. 
Erwin begins the game on the side of the Descendants of Light, fighting against the Rayguard Empire, which has enlisted the aid of the Dark Lord Böser in the interest of unifying the continent and putting an end to the wars which plague it, unawares that Böser is chiefly responsible for the conflicts. To unify the continent, the Empire needs the power of the two legendary swords, Alhazard and its anti-type, Langrisser. Determined that the two swords should not serve one master, the Descendants of Light, led by Jessica, pledge to stop the Empire from finding Langrisser. Erwin commits to discovering Langrisser before the Empire.
Erwin's rival for Langrisser, Leon, is the leader of the Empire's Blue Dragon Knights and a frequent obstacle to Erwin's progress. By chance, however, the two find themselves participating in a common cause, and begin to suspect that the differences between them are not as great as they imagined. Leon suggests that Erwin side with the Empire, the choice of which is left to the player's discretion. If Erwin sides with the Empire, the roles of protagonist and antagonist are reversed: Jessica's Descendants of Light side against Erwin and the player, and the Rayguard Empire allies itself to Erwin. Former allies become enemies, and previously defeated enemy commanders become allies. The choice of sides carries significant weight to the story, because Erwin will ultimately have to kill the opposing side's commanders to bring peace.
If the player refuses Leon's offer to change sides, Erwin will remain with the Descendants of Light until the Empire is completely crushed. If the player accepts, Erwin remains with Rayguard until Langrisser is found, at which point the player may choose to betray the Empire if Erwin takes Langrisser before Leon. If Erwin betrays the Empire, he commits himself to the destruction of both the Empire and the Descendants of Light. The Prince of Darkness Böser, sensing Erwin's strength, himself betrays the Empire and places his forces under the player's command. Erwin remains with Böser until the unsealing of Alhazard, at which point he may leave it to the player's discretion whether or not to continue on with Böser or to betray him. If Boser is betrayed, Erwin will commit to a totally independent path of absolute peace for demons and humans, ultimately setting himself in opposition to the Goddess Lushiris herself. If Erwin remains loyal to Böser, he commits to destroying the Demon Tribe's enemies and taking power for himself, assuming the character of a sociopath.
Relations with Kaiser Bernhardt.
Depending on the path taken, Erwin's relationship to Kaiser Bernhardt, the leader of the Rayguard Empire, takes one of several forms. On the Light Path, the steady advance of Erwin and the Descendents of Light compels Bernhardt to ever greater dependence on the Demon Tribe and Al-hazard, culminating in his suicide as a final act of defiance against Erwin. On the Imperial Path, Erwin submits to Bernhardt's rule and is given Al-hazard as a token of Bernhardt's esteem. On the Independent and Chaos paths, Erwin hunts Bernhardt after an attempt by Rayguard to ambush Erwin fails. Bernhardt escapes long enough to reflect on his ambitions and their consequences, but is cornered and killed by Erwin. If Erwin has accepted the Independent path, Bernhardt takes solace in the knowledge that Erwin intends to bring peace after he is gone. If Erwin has chosen the Chaos path, Bernhardt leaves him with a warning against the use of peace and darkness for the same ends, which Erwin fails to comprehend.
Relations with the Goddess, Lushiris.
Because Erwin is presented as the avatar of Lushiris' will, Lushiris is accepting of the player's decisions in his name, even if she disagrees with them. Although Lushiris does not appear on the Light path due to Erwin's compliance with her wishes, Erwin's use of Langrisser for ends opposite her own provokes her to action on the Independent and Chaos paths. Should Erwin take the independent road, he will find himself in opposition to Jessica, who serves as Lushiris' formal avatar on behalf of her own personal desires. Jessica plans to defeat Erwin by deactivating Langrisser, believing Lushiris will be open to this possibility due to the defeat of Böser and the non-necessity of Langrisser's continued existence as a counterweight to Alhazard. To prevent this from happening, Erwin invades Lushiris' domain before she can act. Lushiris determines that Erwin has strayed from her guidance as a means of proving that a person as great as Erwin can exist, as a testament to humanity's ability to end social conflicts and bring peace. Erwin defeats Lushiris but not before receiving a final warning that one day he too will be confronted with someone with the will to overthrow the existing order, just as he has done to Lushiris. Her words prove prophetic, as Erwin finds himself faced with a new movement of people who believe that if only they are strong enough, they too could rule El Sallia.
Lushiris takes a different approach on the Chaos path. Unable to accept the possibility of Chaos' reign, she personally descends to El Sallia to defeat Erwin after Jessica is killed. Although Erwin defeats her, Lushiris poses an ominous warning to Erwin before dying, arguing that although his way has proven triumphant, he is nearly insane and capable of great destruction. If he should abuse his position as ruler, she warns, her will would re-manifest and punish him. Although there is no clear statement of her return in the epilogue, Erwin is described as facing a rebellion of people who have united in the face of a common enemy, suggesting it is her spirit within them that has taken its vengeance for Erwin's misdeeds.
Music.
The music in "Langrisser II" was composed by Noriyuki Iwadare and Isao Mizoguchi.
A arranged soundtrack "Langrisser II Original Game Music", based on the original Sega Genesis version of the game, was released October 26, 1994, by Toshiba EMI. Its catalog code is TYCY-5403.
Reception.
On release, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the Super Famicom version of the game a 31 out of 40.
Langrisser II & Der Langrisser Translations.
The original Mega Drive-version of "Langrisser II" had been translated by the fangroups of Hiryuu Honyaku and later, building on that group's work, NoPrgress. However, the final translation patch from March 21, 2001 still remained incomplete with the ending missing. Also, the translation was considered unpolished and incomplete. Seven years later, on August 13, 2008 another translation effort started by D was finally finished and released by popular Mega Drive-hacker MIJET. This translation proved to be complete and accurate, even featuring a dual language feature that would let the game play with the original Japanese texts if played on a Japanese console. Another translation patch is available for the Super Nintendo version of the game.
In the works since 2001, an English language translation for "Der Langrisser" was publicly released in June 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5937554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937554" title="Greek Tragedy (play)">
Greek Tragedy (play)

Greek Tragedy is a 1989 play by British playwright Mike Leigh.The play was originally presented at Company B Belvoir Street Theatre, Sydney Australia. It was devised by Mike Leigh with 6 Australian actors who were chosen after extensive auditions. The actors were Zoe Carides, Khristina Totos, Adam Hatz, George Spartels, Evodkia Katahanas and Nicholas Papademetriou. The production was a landmark production for Company B as it is the only play to be devised by Mike Leigh in Australia. It was one of the biggest successes of the theatre year and was subsequently invited to do seasons at the Edinburgh Festival and London's Theatre Royal Stratford East in 1990. In 2002 the play was remounted by TheatronGroup with some of the original cast in the Downstairs Theatre of Belvoir Street Theatre. The play runs for one hour and twenty minutes without an interval and concerns the troubled relationship of a Greek couple Alex and Calliope..

</doc>
<doc id="5937560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937560" title="CHLY-FM">
CHLY-FM

CHLY 101.7 FM is a community and campus radio station based in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada. The station is funded partly by students of the Vancouver Island University Nanaimo campus, partly by the advertising of locally owned and operated businesses, but most funding comes from supporting community members during two "Fund Drives" each year.
CHLY's parent, the Radio Malaspina Society, is an incorporated society with a constitution and mission to broadcast an FM radio signal of 3,000 watts to a community of service which includes Nanaimo, Lantzville, Ladysmith and Gabriola Island. The station had its beginnings on the Internet on April 1, 2000, before gaining its broadcasting licence from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) on June 5. CHLY aired a test signal at 101.7 FM on September 21, and ran promotional material about the station for two weeks before officially signing on at 6:00 p.m. on October 5, 2001.
CHLY's studios are located in the basement of the Queens Hotel on Victoria Crescent in downtown Nanaimo. The station features an eclectic format with a variety of music genres (including jazz, reggae, alternative rock, hip-hop, roots music, folk and electronica) and programs dealing with community and global issues. The longest-running current program on CHLY is "Elevator Club", a program of easy listening music hosted by Gord Bibby since the station's inception; it airs on Sunday nights from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m.
CHLY is a member of the National Campus and Community Radio Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5937562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937562" title="Luitpold of Bavaria">
Luitpold of Bavaria

Luitpold of Bavaria may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5937574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937574" title="Coast Guard of Grenada">
Coast Guard of Grenada

The Grenadian Coast Guard is one of two military branches in Grenada. The Coast Guard's role is search and rescue as well as drug interdiction. The Coast Guard falls under the command of the Commissioner of Police and has a total of 60 personnel in service operating 4 craft. The branches headquarters is located at Prickly Bay.
References.
Wertheim, Eric. The Naval Institute Guide to Combat Fleets of the World, 2005-2006; Their Ships, Aircraft, and Systems. US Naval Institute Press. Annapolis, Maryland. 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5937578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937578" title="Gregor Samsa (disambiguation)">
Gregor Samsa (disambiguation)

Gregor Samsa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5937579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937579" title="Rybny">
Rybny

Rybny (; masculine), Rybnaya (; feminine), or Rybnoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="5937592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937592" title="ASCII Express">
ASCII Express

ASCII Express is a telecommunications program, written for the Apple II series of computers. At a time when the use of the bulletin board system (BBS), or even telecommunications in general wasn't a common use of the Apple II, ASCII Express (from hereon as its more common name "AE") was the choice among telecommunication users throughout much of the 1980s.
ASCII Express II.
The original version of AE, called "ASCII Express II", was written by Bill Blue in 1980, and distributed by Southwestern Data Systems. AE II runs on any Apple II with DOS 3.x and one of a small handful of modems available, including the Hayes Micromodem II. This version was used mostly by telecommers to access paid BBSs, including THE SOURCE, CompuServe, as well as free BBSs. The interface of AE II is basically menu-driven, with virtually none of the features included that is expected of a telecomm program today, such as terminal emulation and multi-file transfer protocols like YMODEM and ZMODEM.
ASCII Express the Professional.
By 1982, ASCII Express II ceased development, and was replaced by a totally re-written replacement called "ASCII Express "The Professional"", also known as "ASCII Express Professional" or its much shorter name "AE Pro". This version was a collaboration between Bill Blue and Mark Robbins. AE Pro was a command-line driven telecomm program packed with many features lacking in its predecessor, including scripting, YMODEM and ZMODEM, terminal emulation, and support for Apple ProDOS 8. AE Pro can also be used as a pseudo-BBS when configured as a host, allowing a user to dial-in and exchange files. This type of system was coined the name "AE line".
Earlier versions of AE Pro were distributed by Roger Wagner of Southwestern Data Systems, and later by United Software Industries (founded by Mark Robbins, Bill Blue and others). Greg Schaefer converted AE Pro from Apple DOS 3.3 to Apple ProDOS in an afternoon, and received US$5000 for his efforts.
In 1984 Bill Blue and Joe Holt ported AE Pro to MS-DOS and 8086 assembly language. In 1985 Joe Holt and Greg Schaefer rewrote AE Pro for the Apple II taking advantage of the platform's new mouse and MouseText features. It also featured advanced scripting and a full-featured mouse-based text editor. This product was released as MouseTalk. AE Pro and MouseTalk were soon overshadowed by ProTERM, a telecomm product that utilizes many of the advanced features of the Apple IIe and IIc, such as 65C02 opcodes, use of the mouse, and macros.
The dawn of peer to peer file sharing.
The early 1980s was the period when modeming was becoming very active throughout the world. Hundreds of Apple II-based BBSs popped up, most of them used only as message boards. With the aid of free Apple II hacking software like Dalton's Disk Disintegrator (DDD), computer users were able to take an un-protected floppy disk, compress it into multiple files, then transmit those files to another user. This was actually one of several origins of what is known today as peer-to-peer file transfers.
While other Apple II-based telecomm programs, such as DiskFur and CatFur, allowed for complete disk and file transfers, there was a need for a portal concept - one that is hosted using a BBS as its entry point. This way, a community of software enthusiasts and software pirates could collaborate as well as exchange software.
AE Pro was at the time the only telecomm program that was accessible, via an undocumented hack, from virtually any other BBS software, such as GBBS, Networks II, among other programs. This allowed for sysops to control access to the AE lines via user accounts. With many of the users phreaking their way into AE lines, these portals allowed for international pirating communities to develop.
AE knock-offs were also developed, including PAE (Pseudo Ascii Express--"Written by a Pirate for Pirates") and PAE ProDOS, both written as free add-ons to GBBS. Unlike AE, the source code was freely available for these add-ons.

</doc>
<doc id="5937599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937599" title="Mechanome">
Mechanome

The mechanome consists of the body, or ome, of data including cell and molecular processes relating to force and mechanical systems at molecular, cellular and tissue length scales, i.e. the fundamental "machine code" structures of the cell. The mechanome encompasses biological motors, like kinesin, myosin, RNAP, and Ribosome mechanical structures, like actin or the cytoskeleton, or processes, such as cytokinesis or chemotaxis. 
The mechanome seeks to understand the fundamental physical-mechanical processes and events that are common to biological function. An example at the molecular level includes the common structural designs used by kinesin and myosin motor proteins (such as dimer formation and mechanochemical cycles) that control their function and lead to properties such as processivity. The mechanome assembles the common features of these motors regardless of the "track" (microtubules, actin filaments, nucleotide based structures, membranes) they move on. A cytoskeletal example includes structures such as actin filament networks and bundles that can form from a variety of actin binding proteins that cross-link or bundle actin filaments leading to common mechanical changes of these structures. A cell machinery example includes common structures such as contractile ring formation formed by both actin and tubulin type structures leading to the same mechanical result of cell division.
A definition of the "Mechanome" extending to cell/organ/body given by Prof. Roger Kamm, at the 5th World Congress of Biomechanics Munich, includes understanding:
The complete state of stress existing from tissues to cells to molecules. The biological state that results from the distribution of forces. Requires knowledge of the distribution of force throughout the cell/organ/body, the functional interactions between these stresses and the fundamental biological processes.
"Mechanomics" is then the study of how forces are transmitted and the influence they have on biological function.
Using mechanical force techniques, such as optical tweezers or atomic force microscopy, single proteins can be identified by a unique structural fingerprint .

</doc>
<doc id="5937635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937635" title="Parvati Melton">
Parvati Melton

Parvathi Melton (born 7 January 1988) is an Indian American actress and former model who mainly works in Telugu Film Industry. She appeared in several Telugu and Malayalam movies. She acted with Raja in the film "Vennela", which turned out to be a success. She acted in the super hit Malayalam film "Hallo" with South Indian star Mohanlal. She again shot to fame with item song in Telugu movie "Dookudu" opposite Mahesh Babu.
Biography.
Parvathi was born in California to a German father Sham Melton and an Indian Punjabi mother Darika Preet. Parvathi stated that she was named by her father, who though being German practices Hinduism. She has one younger sister Ariana Sitara Melton. She is a trained Bharatanatyam dancer. She graduated from Emeryville High School and attended Vista Community College in Berkeley, California. She took part in several beauty pageant's and won the Miss. Teen India Bay Area pageant in 2004 and the Miss India Le Visage USA pageant in 2005. She speaks fluent English, Hindi, Urdu and rudimentary Punjabi, Gujarati and Telugu. While still studying in Vista College, she was offered the lead role in the Telugu film "Vennela". Although she intended to go back to school but the film's success kept her away.

</doc>
<doc id="5937641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937641" title="Mladen Bartolović">
Mladen Bartolović

Mladen Bartolović (born April 10, 1977 in Zavidovići, SR Bosnia-Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian football player. Although he spent almost his entire career in Croatia, he is part of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team.
He formerly played for HNK Čapljina, HNK Cibalia, Dinamo Zagreb, 1. FC Saarbrücken, HNK Segesta, NK Zagreb and spent three seasons with HNK Hajduk Split.
He moved to Foolad in summer 2009, becoming a player in the starting lineup for the team in his first season in the Iran Pro League.
Bartolović never played football before he was 16. He loved basketball, but during the Bosnian War, there were no basketball club active, so he decided to try himself as a football player.

</doc>
<doc id="5937662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937662" title="Lunzenau">
Lunzenau

Lunzenau () is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Zwickauer Mulde, 16 km west of Mittweida, and 18 km northwest of Chemnitz.

</doc>
<doc id="5937676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937676" title="Relatively Speaking (1965 play)">
Relatively Speaking (1965 play)

Relatively Speaking is a play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn, originally titled "Meet My Father", his first play to be a major success.
Setting.
The action of the play takes place during a summer weekend in the bed-sitting room of Ginny’s London flat and on the garden patio of Sheila and Philip’s home in Buckinghamshire, outside London. The time is 1965.
Synopsis.
The play opens in the flat of Greg and Ginny, a young co-habiting couple, Ginny being the more sexually experienced. Greg finds a strange pair of slippers under the bed and is too besotted to believe they might have been left by another man (which would also explain the bunches of flowers and boxes of sweets filling Ginny’s apartment). Ginny goes off for a day in the country, supposedly to visit her parents but actually to break things off with her older married lover, Philip. Greg decides to follow her.
The next scene is on the patio at the home of Philip and his befuddled wife Sheila, whose marriage is clearly under strain. Greg shows up unannounced before Ginny, and wrongly assumes that they are her parents. Greg asks for her hand from Philip, while Philip mistakenly believes that the strange young man is asking permission to marry Sheila. Once Ginny arrives, she convinces Philip to play the role of her father. Meanwhile, Greg still believes that Sheila is Ginny’s mother. The situation becomes increasingly complicated and hilarious.
Although it is basically a comedy of misunderstandings and mistaken identity, as plays of this genre go it has a very well-constructed plot, plus some developed characters and a slightly dark streak.
Production history.
"Relatively Speaking" had its world premiere in Scarborough in 1965. The London production in 1967 at the Duke of York's Theatre was Ayckbourn's first London West End hit. It also helped to launch Richard Briers' career, and featured Michael Hordern and Celia Johnson. It has since been staged a few times by professional and amateur companies, and in 2013 a revival ran for three months at Wyndham's Theatre in London, starring Felicity Kendal as Sheila.

</doc>
<doc id="5937686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937686" title="Kinosterninae">
Kinosterninae

Kinosterninae is a subfamily of the Kinosternidae family of aquatic turtles which contains the genera "Kinosternon" and "Sternotherus", which are native to much of the United States and northern Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="5937693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937693" title="Culture of Palestine">
Culture of Palestine

The Culture of Palestine is closely related to those of the nearby Levantine countries such as Lebanon, Syria, and Jordan, and the Arab World. Cultural contributions to the fields of art, literature, music, costume and cuisine express the Palestinian experience despite the geographical separation between Palestinian territories, Israel and the Diaspora.
Al-Quds Capital of Arab Culture is an initiative undertaken by UNESCO under the Cultural Capitals Program to promote Arab culture and encourage cooperation in the Arab region. The opening event was launched in March 2009.
Folklore.
Palestinian folklore is the body of expressive culture, including tales, music, dance, legends, oral history, proverbs, jokes, popular beliefs, customs, and comprising the traditions (including oral traditions) of Palestinian culture. The folklorist revival among Palestinian intellectuals such as Nimr Sirhan, Musa Allush, Salim Mubayyid, and the Palestinian Folklore Society of the 1970s, emphasized pre-Islamic (and pre-Hebraic) cultural roots, re-constructing Palestinian identity with a focus on Canaanite and Jebusite cultures. Such efforts seem to have borne fruit as evidenced in the organization of celebrations like the Qabatiya Canaanite festival and the annual Music Festival of Yabus by the Palestinian Ministry of Culture.
Costumes.
Foreign travelers to Palestine in late 19th and early 20th centuries often commented on the rich variety of costumes among the Palestinian people, and particularly among the fellaheen or village women. Until the 1940s, a woman's economic status, whether married or single, and the town or area they were from could be deciphered by most Palestinian women by the type of cloth, colors, cut, and embroidery motifs, or lack thereof, used for the robe-like dress or "thoub" in Arabic.
New styles began to appear the 1960s. For example the "six-branched dress" named after the six wide bands of embroidery running down from the waist. These styles came from the refugee camps, particularly after 1967. Individual village styles were lost and replaced by an identifiable "Palestinian" style. The shawal, a style popular in the West Bank and Jordan before the First Intifada, probably evolved from one of the many welfare embroidery projects in the refugee camps. It was a shorter and narrower fashion, with a western cut.
Dance.
The Dabke dance is marked by synchronized jumping, stamping, and movement, similar to tap dancing. One version is performed by men, another by women.
Folk tales.
Traditional storytelling among Palestinians is prefaced with an invitation to the listeners to give blessings to God and the Prophet Mohammed or the Virgin Mary as the case may be, and includes the traditional opening: "There was, or there was not, in the oldness of time ..." Formulaic elements of the stories share much in common with the wider Arab world, though the rhyming scheme is distinct. There are a cast of supernatural characters: Jinss and Djinns who can cross the Seven Seas in an instant, giants, and ghouls with eyes of ember and teeth of brass.
Music.
Palestinian music is well known throughout the Arab world. After 1948, a new wave of performers emerged with distinctively Palestinian themes relating to dreams of statehood and burgeoning nationalist sentiments. In addition to "zajal" and "ataaba", traditional Palestinian songs include: "Bein Al-dawai", "Al-Rozana", "Zarif – Al-Toul", and "Al-Maijana", "Dal'ona", "Sahja/Saamir", "Zaghareet". Over three decades, the Palestinian National Music and Dance Troupe (El Funoun) and Mohsen Subhi have reinterpreted and rearranged traditional wedding songs such as "Mish'al" (1986), "Marj Ibn 'Amer"(1989) and "Zaghareed" (1997). "Ataaba" is a form of folk singing that consists of 4 verses, following a specific form and meter. The distinguishing feature of ataaba is that the first three verses end with the same word meaning three different things, and the fourth verse serves as a conclusion. It is usually followed by a "dalouna".
Sports.
The Palestinian Olympic committee did not work with the Israeli Olympic committee to train for the 2012 Olympic games, and participation in the 2013 Mediterranean Games.
There is a West Bank Premier League, and Gaza Strip League.
The Palestine national football team played Afghanistan in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
The Beit Jala Lions is a West Bank Rugby Union team.
The Turmus Aya Equestrian Club, established in 2007, is a riding club dedicated to the mission of providing affordable access to horses for Palestinians. Ashraf Rabi, the founder, maintains that "this is part of the development of Palestine. Horses are a big part of our Arab culture and we must embrace it." 
Modern Art.
Similar to the structure of Palestinian society, the Palestinian field of arts extends over four main geographic centers:
1) the West Bank and Gaza Strip
2) Israel
3) the Palestinian diaspora in the Arab world, and
4) the Palestinian diaspora in Europe, the United States and elsewhere.
Contemporary Palestinian art finds its roots in folk art and traditional Christian and Islamic painting. After the 1948 Palestinian exodus, nationalistic themes have predominated as Palestinian artists use diverse media to express and explore their connection to identity and land. In the 1990s Salam Dyab, Hisham Zreiq, Issa Dibe and others began to adopt modern styles and symbolism.
Modern Cuisine.
Palestine's history of rule by many different empires is reflected in Palestinian cuisine, which has benefited from various cultural contributions and exchanges. Generally-speaking, modern Palestinian dishes have been influenced by the rule of three major Islamic groups: the Arabs, the Persian-influenced Arabs and the Turks. The original Bedouin Arabs in Syria and Palestine had simple culinary traditions primarily based on the use of rice, lamb and yogurt, as well as dates.
The cuisine of the Ottoman Empire — which incorporated Palestine as one of its provinces in 1512-14 — was partially made up of what had become, by then a rich Arab cuisine. After the Crimean War, in 1855, many other communities including Bosnians, Greeks, French and Italians began settling in the area especially in Jerusalem, Jaffa and Bethlehem. The cuisine of these communities, particularly those of the Balkans, contributed to the character of Palestinian cuisine. Nonetheless, until around the 1950s-60s, the staple diet for many rural Palestinian families revolved around olive oil, oregano ("za'atar") and bread, baked in a simple oven called a taboon.
Palestinian cuisine is divided into three regional groups: the Galilee, West Bank and Gaza area. Cuisine in the Galilee region shares much in common with Lebanese cuisine, due to extensive communication between the two regions before the establishment of Israel. Galilee inhabitants specialize in producing a number of meals based on the combination of bulgur, spices and meat, known as "kibbee" by Arabs. "Kibbee" has several variations including it being served raw, fried or baked. "Musakhan" is a common main dish that originated in the Jenin and Tulkarm area in the northern West Bank. It consists of a roasted chicken over a taboon bread that has been topped with pieces of fried sweet onions, sumac, allspice and pine nuts. Other meals common to the area are "maqluba" and "mansaf", the latter originating from the Bedouin population of Jordan.
The cuisine of the Gaza Strip is influenced both by neighboring Egypt and its location on the Mediterranean coast. The staple food for the majority of the inhabitants in the area is fish. Gaza has a major fishing industry and fish is often served either grilled or fried after being stuffed with cilantro, garlic, red peppers and cumin and marinated in a mix of coriander, red peppers, cumin, and chopped lemons. The Egyptian culinary influence is also seen by the frequent use of hot peppers, garlic and chard to flavor many of Gaza's meals. A dish native to the Gaza area is "Sumaghiyyeh", which consists of water-soaked ground sumac mixed with tahina and then, added to sliced chard and pieces of stewed beef and garbanzo beans.
There are several foods native to Palestine that are well known in the Arab world, such as, "kinafe Nabulsi", Nabulsi cheese (cheese of Nablus), Ackawi cheese (cheese of Acre) and "musakhan". "Kinafe" originated in Nablus, as well as the sweetened "Nabulsi" cheese used to fill it. Baqlawa, a pastry introduced at the time of the Ottoman Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent, is also an integral part of Palestinian cuisine.
Chick-pea based falafel, which substituted for the fava beans used in the original Egyptian recipe and added Indian peppers introduced after the Mongol invasions opened new trade routes, are a favorite staple in Mediterranean cuisine, since adopted as part of Israeli cuisine.
Entrées that are eaten throughout the Palestinian Territories, include "waraq al-'inib" — boiled grape leaves wrapped around cooked rice and ground lamb. "Mahashi" is an assortment of stuffed vegetables such as, zucchinis, potatoes, cabbage and in Gaza, chard.
Film.
Palestinian cinema is relatively young compared to Arab cinema overall and many Palestinian movies are made with European and Israeli support. Palestinian films are not exclusively produced in Arabic; some are made in English, French or Hebrew. More than 800 films have been produced about Palestinians, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and other related topics, examples include Divine Intervention and Paradise Now.
Handicrafts.
A wide variety of handicrafts, many of which have been produced by Palestinians for hundreds of years, continue to be produced today. Palestinian handicrafts include embroidery and weaving, pottery-making, soap-making, glass-making, and olive-wood and Mother of Pearl carvings, among others.
Intellectuals.
In the late 19th century and early 20th century, Palestinian intellectuals were integral parts of wider Arab intellectual circles, as represented by individuals such as May Ziade and Khalil Beidas. Educational levels among Palestinians have traditionally been high. In the 1960s the West Bank had a higher percentage of its adolescent population enrolled in high school education than did Lebanon. Claude Cheysson, France’s Minister for Foreign Affairs under the first Mitterrand Presidency, held in the mid eighties that, ‘even thirty years ago, (Palestinians) probably already had the largest educated elite of all the Arab peoples.’
Diaspora figures like Edward Said and Ghada Karmi, Arab citizens of Israel like Emile Habibi, and Jordanians like Ibrahim Nasrallah have made contributions to a wide number of fields, exemplifying the diversity of experience and thought among Palestinians.
Literature.
The long history of the Arabic language and its rich written and oral tradition form part of the Palestinian literary tradition as it has developed over the course of the 20th and 21st centuries.
Since 1967, most critics have theorized the existence of three "branches" of Palestinian literature, loosely divided by geographic location: 1) from inside Israel, 2) from the occupied territories, 3) from among the Palestinian diaspora throughout the Middle East.
Modern Poetry.
Poetry, using classical pre-Islamic forms, remains an extremely popular art form, often attracting Palestinian audiences in the thousands. Until 20 years ago, local folk bards reciting traditional verses were a feature of every Palestinian town. After the 1948 Palestinian exodus, poetry was transformed into a vehicle for political activism. From among those Palestinians who became Arab citizens of Israel after the passage of the Citizenship Law in 1952, a school of resistance poetry was born that included poets like Mahmoud Darwish, Samih al-Qasim, and Tawfiq Zayyad. The work of these poets was largely unknown to the wider Arab world for years because of the lack of diplomatic relations between Israel and Arab governments. The situation changed after Ghassan Kanafani, another Palestinian writer in exile in Lebanon, published an anthology of their work in 1966. Palestinian poets often write about a sense of loss and the diaspora.
Modern Music.
Palestinian music is well-known and respected throughout the Arab world. A new wave of performers emerged with distinctively Palestinian themes following the 1948 Palestinian exodus, relating to the dreams of statehood and the burgeoning nationalist sentiments. In addition to "zajal" and "ataaba", traditional Palestinian songs include: "Bein Al-dawai", "Al-Rozana", "Zarif - Al-Toul", and "Al-Maijana", "Dal'ona", "Sahja/Saamir", "Zaghareet". For over three decades, the Palestinian National Music and Dance Troupe (El Funoun) in Palestine has promoted and developed Palestinian traditional songs and dance. Examples include "Mish'al" (1986), "Marj Ibn 'Amer"(1989) and "Zaghareed" (1997) a collection of Palestinian traditional wedding songs reinterpreted and re-arranged by Mohsen Subhi. (See section on "External links"). The "Ataaba" is a form of folk singing that spread outwards from Palestine. It consists of 4 verses, following a specific form and meter. The main aspect of the ataaba is that the first three verses must end with the same word meaning three different things, and the fourth verse comes as a conclusion to the whole thing. It is usually followed by a "dalouna".

</doc>
<doc id="5937695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937695" title="Prayer of the Apostle Paul">
Prayer of the Apostle Paul

The Prayer of the Apostle Paul was the first manuscript from the Jung Codex (Codex I) of the Nag Hammadi Library. It seems to have been added to the codex after the longer tractates had been copied. Although the text, like the rest of the codices, is written in Coptic, the title is written in Greek, which was the original language of the text. The manuscript is missing approximately two lines at the beginning.
This text is clearly pseudonymous and was not written by the historic Apostle Paul. It shows a distinctive Gnostic appeal unlike prayers in letters known to have come from Paul. Many scholars have dubbed it as a Valentinian work due to characteristic phrases such as the "psychic God"—this would indicate that it was composed between 150 and 300 AD; if it is not of Valentinian origin it could date from as early as 75. Scholars have found parallels to many other works which may be partial sources, including Corpus Hermeticum, the Three Steles of Seth, the Gospel of Philip, and the authentic Pauline letters.

</doc>
<doc id="5937702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937702" title="Lychen">
Lychen

Lychen () is a town in the Uckermark district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated southeast of Neustrelitz, and east of Fürstenberg/Havel. This is the town where the thumbtack was created.

</doc>
<doc id="5937711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937711" title="Exotica (Bananarama album)">
Exotica (Bananarama album)

Exotica is the eighth studio album released by the British female vocal duo Bananarama. This is Bananarama's third album as a duo, and was produced by Pascal Caubet and issued only in France in 2001 on the M6 Interactions label. The work is a combination of new compositions along with re-recordings of past Bananarama hits, including a Latin pop version of the U.S. and UK Top 10 hit, "Cruel Summer".
Two promo-only singles were released from the album: "If" (which was abandoned mostly before release) and a cover version of George Michael's "Careless Whisper". The album was not a commercial or critical success for Bananarama, but the few copies of "If" which made it to the French market have become one of the rarest items ever by the band, heavily sought after by fans and collectors.
Track listing.
France CD version
Unreleased songs and demos
Personnel.
Bananarama
Produced by
Vocal arrangements
Recorded at
Voices recorded at
Guitars
Keyboards
Programming
Arrangements
Executive producer
Sound engineer
Mixed by

</doc>
<doc id="5937713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937713" title="Bughouse Square Debates">
Bughouse Square Debates

The Bughouse Square Debates are an annual event sponsored by the Newberry Library in Chicago. The name Bughouse Square is the common nickname for Washington Square Park where the event is held. The name came from the word “bughouse” which was popular slang for mental health facilities in the early 20th century. The event is a celebration of Bughouse Square as it was one of the most celebrated outdoor free-speech centers in the United States and a popular Chicago tourist attraction.
From the 1910s all the way to the mid-1960s it was common to find orators speak about issues of the day. During its height in the 1920s and 1930s, poets, religionists, and cranks addressed the crowds, but the mainstays were soapboxers from the revolutionary left, especially from the Industrial Workers of the World, Proletarian Party, Revolutionary Workers League. Many of the speakers became legendary and include anarchist Lucy Parsons, Ben Reitman, John Loughman, socialist Frank Midney, feminist-Marxist Martha Biegler, Frederick Wilkesbarr, Herbert Shaw (the “Cosmic Kid”), Kenneth Rexroth in his youth, the Sheridan twins (Jack and Jimmy), and one-armed “Cholly” Wendorf.
Today the debates are a celebration of First Amendment rights and encourage speakers and hecklers alike to join in and speak about important topics of the day. The event also includes reenactments of speeches by famous Chicagoans as well as open mic poetry, music and food vendors.

</doc>
<doc id="5937729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937729" title="Black Jack Mulligan (disambiguation)">
Black Jack Mulligan (disambiguation)

The stage name Black Jack Mulligan, or a variation of it, has been used by:

</doc>
<doc id="5937737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937737" title="Kabaret OT.TO">
Kabaret OT.TO

Kabaret OT.TO is a Polish musical comedy group founded in 1987 by Wiesław Tupaczewski. The group officially started on 1 January 1990, in a line-up consisting of Ryszard Makowski, Andrzej Piekarczyk, Andrzej Tomanek and Wiesław Tupaczewski.
OT.TO is one of the first Polish comedy groups to explore themes other than the political realms of the absurd. The best known songs of Kabaret OT.TO are: "Zasmażka", "Wakacje" and "To już lato". The group has enjoyed its greatest popularity from the early '90s to the early 2000s. Tupaczewski created the groups's name and stage dressing, while the logo – the razor blade – was designed by friend of the group Jacek Sasin.

</doc>
<doc id="5937739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937739" title="CCGH Sipu Muin">
CCGH Sipu Muin

CCGH "Sipu Muin" is a Canadian Coast Guard hovercraft based at CCG Hovercraft Base Trois-Rivières in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
"Sipu Muin" is a Type 400 AP1-88 ACV. Her sister ship, the , is based at CCG Sea Island Hovercraft Base in Richmond, British Columbia.
The primary missions of "Sipu Muin" are icebreaking and performing search and rescue missions in the Saint Lawrence River and its navigable tributaries. Occasionally the "Sipu Muin" performs navigation aid maintenance. 
"Sipu Muin" means "bear river" in Mi'kmaq.
See also.
The Canadian Coast Guard's other air cushion craft includes:

</doc>
<doc id="5937750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937750" title="The Sparrow (1967 play)">
The Sparrow (1967 play)

The Sparrow is a 1967 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It has since been withdrawn from production by Ayckbourn.
Synopsis.
"The Sparrow" is about a young teenage girl, who finds out that she has magical powers. When she was younger, she misused those powers, and was sent away to a special school. As the play starts, she is coming back to her home town after many years. It is hard for her to be the new kid, and she has only one friend that was introduced to her, by her teacher. The girl must use her powers to save her new friend, and hope that the people of the town will accept her.

</doc>
<doc id="5937751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937751" title="Coral Way Bilingual K-8 Center">
Coral Way Bilingual K-8 Center

Coral Way School, built as Coral Way Elementary School in 1936, is a K-8 school located in Miami, Florida, USA. The school, which began teaching in English and Spanish in 1963, was a pioneer in the field of bilingual instruction in the United States and remains the only bilingual K-8 center in the Miami-Dade County Public Schools system. It was expanded in 2004 to include grades 7 and 8.
The school building was designed by August Geiger, a noted South Florida architect who worked for the Dade County School Board. The architecture is in a Mediterranean Revival style with arcaded walkways around interior courtyards resplendent with lush foliage. It was constructed under the auspices of the Works Projects Administration and completed in 1936.
Coral Way's enrollment was 1,502 for the 2005-2006 academic year; it has increased to 1566 in 2007-08. The principal is Josephine Otero. The school's teams are called the Chiefs, although the school does not participate in athletic activities.
In 1963, the school system started a "Spanish for Spanish" program. With help from the Ford Foundation they modified the program into a full bilingual education curriculum. Coral Way was also the first bilingual school in the United States of America. The pilot program was instituted with the 350 1st through 3rd grade students at Coral Way, selected because of the balance of English and Spanish speakers. The goal of the program was to promote bilingual fluency among all students. In the mornings, children would receive instructions in their native language, then switch to the other language in the afternoon, sharing lunch, art, music and physical education times. Several reports indicated that both groups made progress academically in both languages. (Pellerano, et al. - 1998)
In 1967, the dual-language program was expanded to grades K-6. A 1973-1974 report by the Department of Program Evaluation for the Miami-Dade County Schools revealed that the students who attended the dual language programs continued to show progress on standardized testing. The success of the program paved the way for the Bilingual Education Act of 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="5937752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937752" title="Walnut Hill, Philadelphia">
Walnut Hill, Philadelphia

Walnut Hill is a neighborhood in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is located between 45th Street and 52nd Street, bounded by Market Street and Spruce Street. Most of the neighborhood is in the northwestern part of the University City District. It is northeast of Cedar Park and northwest of Spruce Hill.
It is a racially mixed neighborhood with large numbers of African Americans, Middle Easterners, and Italian Americans, along with a large seasonal student population. There is a growing Muslim presence, owing to the Masjid Jam'ia mosque at 43rd and Walnut Streets (affiliated with UPenn's Muslim Student Organization), the Association of Islamic Charitable Projects mosque at 45th and Walnut Streets, and Masjid Al Birr Wat Taqwa mosque on 52nd and Market Streets. There are a number of establishments that sell Halal food.
The neighborhood was largely built from the start of the 20th century through the 1940s, with a large growth spurt immediately following the construction of the SEPTA Market-Frankford Line. It is mostly 2 and 3-story rowhouses.
As 52nd Street is often considered to be the geographic and psychological "heart" of West Philadelphia, those living in the western reaches of Walnut Hill may be less likely to identify with the neighborhood and more likely to describe their neighborhood as simply "West Philly."
West Philadelphia High School is located in Walnut Hill and The Restaurant School at Walnut Hill College is close by, if not technically within the boundaries of the neighborhood. In recent years, the Enterprise Center Community Development Corporation, in collaboration with the Walnut Hill Community Association, has made strides to spur development in the neighborhood.
The La Blanche Apartments and Henry C. Lea School of Practice are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
American Bandstand was first broadcast from the ABC studio at 46th and Market Streets (now the Enterprise Center).
Science fiction author Issac Asimov lived at Wyngate Hall (now called The Terrace) at 50th and Spruce from 1942-1945, and wrote several of the stories that comprise I, Robot and the Foundation series while living there.

</doc>
<doc id="5937756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937756" title="Avi Strool">
Avi Strool

Avi Strul (; born 18 September 1980) is an Israeli footballer, currently playing for Ironi Nir Ramat HaSharon.
Career.
Strul grew up in the youth system of Maccabi Tel Aviv and has spent 7 years there. During the summer of 2006 he transferred to Maccabi Netanya. After 2 successful years in Maccabi Netanya Strool moved to Lokeren for a 3 years contract worth $750,000.
Being of Romanian descent, the player holds two passports, Israeli and Romanian.
KSC Lokeren.
In just his second game at Lokeren, Strul scored a memorable goal against A.F.C. Tubize, when he scored the second goal of the match, capitalising on a goalkeeper mistake to take a free-kick quickly and score from long range.
Maccabi Tel Aviv.
On June 2010 Strul signed a 3-year contract with his youth club Maccabi Tel Aviv which he left 4 years before.

</doc>
<doc id="5937762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937762" title="Salemi">
Salemi

Salemi is a town and "comune" in South-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani. It is located in the Belice Valley.
History.
Salemi is where Giuseppe Garibaldi announced the annexation of Sicily on May 14, 1860, as part of the Expedition of the Thousand, briefly making the town his headquarters after his landing at Marsala two days earlier.
From Alicia to Salemi.
Located on the slopes of Monte delle Rose Mazzaro between the river and the river Grande, the town is situated on the site of the ancient city Elima of Halyciae.
Theatre of the continuous wars between Selinunte and Segesta, Salemi (or rather: Alicia as it was known in these times), probably due to their common origin, has always been allied with Segesta.
In 272 BC, Salemi (then known as Alicia) was conquered by the Romans and declared a free city and free from taxes for its voluntary submission.
In the fifth century, as the rest of Sicily, Salemi fell under the dominion of the Vandals, and then under that of the Goths.
In 535, it was submitted by the Byzantine Belisarius, the general of Justinian.
In 827, Salemi fell under the control of the Arabs, and the area prospered. It was during this time that the name Salemi seems to have originated. In this regard, there are several theories about the origin of the name: one theory is attributed in honor of "Saleiman", son of the commander who conquered Alicia, that resulting from "rooms" for the presence of the Salty river which makes the brackish waters that run through the city; another theory is that Salemi is derived from the meaning of "Salam" and that is a healthy and safe city, and "Salem", which means peace. The urban center was structured then, and remains in the same configuration today. In terms of agriculture, the Arabs introduced many new crops to Salemi and the surrounding areas: oranges, lemons, peaches, apricots, asparagus, artichokes, cotton, eggplant and spices such as saffron, cloves and cinnamon.
In 1077, and then in later Norman times, the town experienced a remarkable development. During this period, the castle was built.
In 1194, they followed the domination of the Swabians.
In 1266, the death of Frederick II, began the Angevin period, which reduced the amount of the population in poverty.
In 1296, Frederick III of Aragon had Salemi downgraded to a feudal city.
In 1392, Salemi became city-owned.
In 1441, on December 11, in the castle of Salemi a confederation made up of Salemi, Trapani, Mazara, Monte San Giuliano and by the barons of Castelvetrano and Partanna was formed which undertook the defense, and bore the costs, of the Queen White and Royal House of Aragon. Salemi was, therefore, more fortified and garrisoned during the raids of the Turks.
In 1735, with the coronation of Charles III of Spain as King of Sicily on June 30, the Bourbon rule began.
First capital of Italy.
In 1860, Giuseppe Garibaldi, after landing at Marsala, headed to Salemi, where on May 14, he was welcomed with great enthusiasm by the population. With the help of Baron Joseph Triolo of Sant'Anna di Alcamo, who had joined him with a band of picciotti assumed control in the name of Victor Emmanuel II King of Italy.
In the Town Hall Square, called the "dictatorship" in celebration of the event, a plaque recalls that on that date Giuseppe Garibaldi arrived in Salemi declaring himself dictator of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, "Sicilians! I led a band of warriors flocked to the heroic cry of Sicily, the rest of the battles of Lombardy. We are with you! Seek only the liberation of our land. All together, the work will be easy and short. To arms then!"
On that occasion, the Hero of Two Worlds hoisted, by itself, on top of the cylindrical tower of the castle Norman - Swabian Salemi, the flag proclaiming Salemi the first capital of Italy; title he held for one day.
Just in Salemi was promulgated one of the first laws of the unified thus giving the city the honor of being the first capital of liberated. Salemi, therefore, lies in Turin (where the 17 March 1861 has been proclaimed the 'Unification of Italy) as the act of conception to birth.
Garibaldi and celebrations.
In 1982, on the occasion of the celebration of the centenary of the death of Garibaldi, in Salemi, it is represented symbolically and with the participation of Prime Minister Bettino Craxi, the route taken by the general, Italian patriot and leader.
On May 11, 2010, the Head of State Giorgio Napolitano visited Salemi, Calatafimi and Marsala on the occasion of the celebrations for the 150th anniversary of Italy.
Count of Salemi.
On December 1, 1889, the King Umberto I as a sign of affection towards his brother Amedeo of Savoy and his second wife Maria Letizia Bonaparte gave to infant granddaughter Umberto the title of "Count of Salemi." These, however, died in 1918 without having children and, consequently, the title was not assigned to any descendant.
Disaster and earthquake of 1968.
The town of Salemi has undergone in the course of its history, various natural disasters.
In 1270, the country was hit by an epidemic of plague spread by soldiers who were returning from an expedition in Tunisia. Several homes were burned and destroyed to try to eradicate the disease. From this event gave rise to the request made by the people to have their own patron saint of the town: St. Nicholas of Bari.
In 1542, an invasion of locusts caused serious damage to agricultural crops and a severe famine. Many citizens invoked the intercession of St. Blaise (see cavadduzzi of San Biagio).
In 1740, a landslide spilled over into the convent of the Franciscan Third Order of the Rose of the mountain as well as the convent of the Capuchin Friars.
In 1968, on the night between January 14–15, the city was badly hit by a strong earthquake that destroyed many towns in the Valle del Belice. In conjunction of the earthquake, donated to Salemi Gibellina of flat land on which it was subsequently built the town of "New Gibellina." Following the earthquake the political authorities of Salemi called upon architects to design and redesign the structure of the municipality opted for the reconstruction of the country according to a new style (New town). For these reasons, the urban development has led to a shift towards the downstream part of the hill which was called precisely "new country" and now is with the "Cappuccini" one of the areas and neighborhoods with higher population density.
The old town is characterized by a system diagram Arabic, with dead ends very articulate, leading to increasingly segregated courtyards and staircases particularly on steep cliffs. Following the earthquake, the village in the central area, although was not completely disrupted, and remained abandoned for several years by virtue of the few restoration and a choice that they preferred to decentralize the new towns in other districts. Structure, however, maintained the orthogonality of the monumental complex of the Jesuit College and by a dense corollary of patrician houses and numerous churches (over 20).
In an elevated position and strategically dominant stands the Castle, erected or at least altered by Frederick II in the thirteenth century, on the basis of an ancient fortress Greek-Roman then used by the Arabs and Normans, trapezoidal with three towers and two square and a circular plan.
On the site where the ancient medieval mother church dedicated to Our Lady of the Angels and probably insistent on a mosque and a temple of Venus, in 1615 began the construction of the Cathedral, designed by the architect Mariano Palermo Smiriglio and completed in 1761, at least with regard to the longitudinal body, as from this date their work began to expand the old apse. The 1968 earthquake did not cause the collapse of part of an aisle, the neglect of the civil and ecclesiastical authorities of the time reduced it to an imposing ruin. Partially recovered, with a plan of action of the Portuguese architect Alvaro Siza, now arouse special attraction the remains of the "Madrice" Alicia in front of the square on which stands the castle. During the international conference called Squares of Europe, Squares for Europe the square Alicia was included among the 60 good examples of implementation, planning and urban redevelopment in the world.
Religion.
Between the Jewish Quarter of the Giudecca and Salemi's Islamic Rabato, Salemi's architecture reflects its diverse history, with influences from all three major monotheistic religions: Christianity, Judaism, and Islam.
Traditions and festivals.
St. Nicholas of Bari.
Legend has it that to cope with the plague that destroyed Salemi in 1270, the people Salemi began asking the Church for a patron saint. For these reasons, in 1290 the people made a formal request to Pope Nicholas IV, and the Church decided that the inhabitants should choose their protector. So they chose to draw names from a can, containing the name of all the saints, in order to choose the patron saint of Salemi. The first extraction was the name of St. Nicholas of Bari. Not finding any link, they opted for a second extraction after which he was again St. Nicholas. The extraction was performed again and "miraculously" confirmed for the third time. In his honor, he devoted himself a fair. It is said, also, that through the intercession of the saint together with Our Lady, St. Francis in San Biagio and the town of Salemi was saved from cholera that God wanted scagliarvi in the course of 1740. In the central Freedom Square a statue was erected to thank the saint for having protected the city from the earthquake of 1794.
In 1987, on the occasion of the ninth centenary of the transfer of the relics of the saint from Myra (Turkey) in Bari, during a pilgrimage of Salemi in Bari, after S. Mass celebrated by the city's assistant pastor Don Giuseppe Maniscalco on the tomb of St. Nicholas, patron as a gift to the inhabitants to offered a scented oil and a few drops on the marble of the tomb was completely absorbed, stirring the episode devout awe among onlookers. Quell'ampolla is kept in the treasury of the Basilica of Bari as a sign of reverence to the saint who continues to exist after seven centuries after its proclamation as Patron of Salemi.
The Feasts of the Loaves and the City.
The Feast of St. Joseph is celebrated on March 19. On this occasion, votive altars are set up so-called "dinner" consisting of a wooden frame, covered with leaves of laurel and myrtle, and decked with oranges and lemons small loaves embroidered called "cuddureddi" and handcrafted by the women of the country representing animals, plants and work tools. On this occasion served are their famous desserts of St. Joseph, the sfinci.
Other votive breads are the "cuddureddi" of St. Anthony Abbot, and the Cavadduzzi of San Biagio. The inhabitants turned to this saint in 1465, to save the crops from locust invasion, and the "cuddureddi" representing the throat.
Other sacred bread are packaged cucciddati Stick and on April 2, the day dedicated to St. Francis of Paola, The Bread of St. Anthony of Padua, the Boards of St. Nicholas of Tolentino, the loaves of St. Elizabeth of Hungary. In addition, "u peri you" Foot Ox packaged with the first meal of the new harvest, the Manuzzi, on the occasion of the commemoration of the dead on November 2, "u Carcocciulu" the artichoke for the Christmas holidays. For these reasons Salemi is called the City of the Loaves. These breads can be seen at the Museum of Bread Ritual site Salemi in G. Cosenza, 26.
The Feast of St. Nicholas takes place in honor of the city's patron saint, St. Nicholas of Bari. The feast is celebrated on December 6 although in ancient times was also celebrated on May 9, the date of transfer of the relics of the saint and the last Sunday in May when they were celebrating the sponsorship.
On December 8 they celebrate the solemnity of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary, celebrated and honored in Salemi as protectress of the city since 1740, the date on which his wooden statue was donated by Don Gioacchino Genco, pastor of Resuttana, the inhabitants to his fellow citizens.
On the last Sunday of August is celebrated in the district of the Capuchins Our Lady of Confusion (i.e. the disturbance of grief over the death of his son).
The Texture and the Stone Campanedda.
The typical traditional skills maintained over the years in Salemi include rug weaving at the loom, embroidery, and stone work called "campanedda" where stones derived from the quarries of the area are used for the decoration of houses and carved by local craftsmen.
Culture.
Libraries.
The library, named after the philosopher and university professor Salemi Simone Corleo, contains more than 90,000 volumes. It is located in the heart of the historical center, near the church. In 2008 he became librarian art critic Philippe Daverio.
Schools.
The Liceo Statale Francis of Aguirre is the Institute for the Classical Education, Technical and Vocational located in the district of Salemi. It is named after the illustrious jurist of Salemi. The Institute incorporates the High School and Technical Institute both located in Salemi, the Professional Institute of State for Industry and crafts (the operator of the fashion industry) based in Gibellina and Vocational of State for Industry and crafts (technical sector of the electricity industry) based in Santa Ninfa. Formerly the High School, known as the "Father Maurizio High School", was located in the convent of S. Augustine, now home to some municipal offices.
Museums.
Museum of Sacred Art (Museo di Arte Sacra) - It houses the works from some of the churches were destroyed or damaged by the earthquake of 1968.
The core consists of sculptures of the '400 and '500 Sicilian, including many examples of the work of Domenico Gagini and a marble Madonna and Child attributed to Francesco Laurana.
The Museum contains the beautiful chapel of the "Santa House" built in 1705, a faithful copy of the Holy House of Loreto.
Museum of the Resurgence (Museo del Risorgimento) - This museum was reopened to the public on the occasion of the celebrations for the 150th anniversary of the Unification of Italy. Through the documentary sources of the Municipal Historical Archive, paintings, portraits and collections of weapons of the time, the museum is a testimony to the participation of Salemi in the process of unification and the entrance of Garibaldi and the Thousand in Sicily.
Museum of the Mafia (Museo della Mafia) - The Mafia Museum was created by the Sicilian Caesar Inzerillo, together with the youth of the Sgarbi Laboratory. Dedicated to Leonardo Sciascia, a symbol of the anti-mafia not rhetoric, using the language of art to talk about the Mafia in a provocative and unconventional way, through a multi-sensory, contrived to immerse the visitor in an extraordinary emotional process.
Museum of Stone Campanedda (Museo della Pietra Campanedda) - Inside the Museum of Stone Campanedda there are works of the Scalisi brothers, Anthony and Joseph, Salemi artists that sculpt this particular stone. Among the works you can see the replica of the statue of the Immaculate Conception, dating back to August 2012 and at the center of the room, a replica at 1:50 scale of the Norman-Swabian Castle of Salemi.
Archaeological Museum (Museo di Archeologia) -
Museum of Bread (Museo del Pan) - The museum reflects the following: The folklore of Salemi is concentrated in a deep devotion to bread, celebrated at St. Joseph's Day March 19. In particular, between 18 & 25 March, as every year, the streets are decorated with lights, ribbons and objects, all made with bread. According to the classic Sicilian food iconography, bread represents the effort of workers and the body of Christ. For this reason, bread is respected and honored, and even today many Sicilians, as a sign of reverence and grace, before throwing away a loaf of bread, will kiss it. The Dinners of St. Joseph, that the tables laden with so many delicacies, are a sign of devotion and are visited in their homes and churches of the country.
Notable people.
The following are some personality or related by birth or by membership in Salemi:
Umberto, Count of Salemi - noble
Giuseppe Maria Maragioglio - bishop of the Diocese of Patti
Alberto Favara - ethnomusicologist and composer
Tony Scott - jazz musician
Salvatore Mannone - world champion billiards
Gaetano Rizzuto - journalist
Francesco d'Aguirre - lawyer and intellectual
Simone Corleo - politician and university professor
Vito Cusumano - political
Giovanni Ricevuto - political
Giuseppe Giammarinaro - businessman and politician
Stefano La Colla - (1889-1966)
Vittorio Sgarbi - a former mayor
Calogero Peri - bishop of the diocese of Caltagirone
Economy.
The economy of Salemi rests mainly on agriculture and marketing of the production of wine, grain, oil, and citrus. Agricultural production is predominantly wine, cereal and olive oil. Salemi's livestock sector includes the breeding of sheep, cattle, and horses.
There are also craft activities such as food production, as well as small-industry including building materials.
Infrastructure.
Salemi is located just a few kilometers from the A29 motorway that travels between Palermo and Mazara del Vallo. You can reach Trapani along a branch of A29 or the highway 113.
Salemi is crossed by two roads. The highway 188 connecting Marsala with Lercara Friddi and State Road 188A combining Salemi and Calatafimi-Segesta, it is also possible to use the highway 119 connecting Alcamo with Castelvetrano to reach the south of the province.
In particular, Salemi is 35 km (22 miles) from Trapani, 78 km (48 miles) from Palermo, 134 km (83 miles) from Agrigento, 204 km (127 miles) from Caltanissetta, 326 km (202.5 miles) from Catania, 239 km (148.5 miles) from Enna, 337 km (209 miles) from Messina, 270 km (168 miles) from Ragusa, 351 km (218 miles) from Syracuse.
Events.
Good Friday: Procession of the Dead Christ
March 19 : Feast of St. Joseph 
December 6: St. Nicholas Patron of Salemi
December 8: Immaculate Mary Protectress of Salemi
February 3: St. Biagio The Patron of Salemi
Notes.
1. In a single day the Council of Ministers melts seven municipalities mafia. Done The Daily, March 23, 2012. Retrieved on March 23, 2012.
2. Since Istat - Resident population to 31 July 2011.
3. Since Istat to 31/07/2011
4. The Thousand
5. Article - Salemi Viva, Viva a united Italy
6. Sgarbi: Salemi the first capital of Italy
7. Marsala April 25, 1982 - Reflection of Bettino Craxi
8. Napolitano in Salemi
9. Article - The pleasure of going to the streets
10. I.Stat Statistics - ISTAT ; Retrieved on 28-12-2012.
11. Illustrious Men
12. On the proposal of Minister Anna Maria Cancellieri on 23 March 2012 the council was dissolved by mafia infiltration.

</doc>
<doc id="5937770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937770" title="Chris Porter (comedian)">
Chris Porter (comedian)

Chris Porter (c. 1979) is an American comedian and finalist on season 4 of "Last Comic Standing". He has also appeared on The Bob & Tom Show, Comedy Central's "Live Tour", and appeared on Live at Gotham in Summer 2006. In 2009, Porter made an appearance on Comedy Central Presents.
Porter was born in Olathe, Kansas and currently resides in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5937788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937788" title="Naa Alludu">
Naa Alludu

Naa Alludu (Telugu: నా అల్లుడు, English translation: "My son-in-law") is a 2005 Telugu film written and directed by Vara Mullapudi. The films stars Jr. NTR, Shriya Saran, Genelia D'Souza, and Ramya Krishnan. Despite the huge cast, the film was the biggest flop of 2005 in Tollywood. It was Also Dubbed in Hindi Under the title "Main Hoon Gambler".
Plot.
Karthik (NTR Jr.) challenges a level headed industrialist Bhanumati (Ramya Krishnan) that he would marry either of her daughters, to take revenge on her for insulting him in his interview to get a job in her company. Meghana (Shriya Saran) falls for the young man, just for the one accidental kiss he gives her. The younger one Gagana (Genelia D'Souza) too follows suit, and now Karthik has a grip over both of Bhanumati’s daughter. Competing with him is Bhanumati’s nephew (Rajiv Kanakala), whose father (Charan Raj) too encourages him to chase his cousins, and marry either of them to inherit their property. It is revealed in the flashback, that Bhanumati leaves her husband Suman, and Karthik is her nephew. How the responsible son-in-law sets his mom-in-law right and eliminates the villains from the game, is what the story is about.
Trivia.
Dubbed into Tamil as Madurai Mappilai

</doc>
<doc id="5937797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937797" title="Porto Calvo">
Porto Calvo

Porto Calvo is a city and municipality in Alagoas, Brazil. Its population was 24,761 (2005) and its area is 260 km². It was founded in 1636.

</doc>
<doc id="5937800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937800" title="Absent Friends (play)">
Absent Friends (play)

Absent Friends is a 1974 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
Plot.
When Colin, a friend who has been absent, comes back to his circle of friends, his friends are worried about how to approach him over the death of his fiancée, Carol, who has drowned. Diana organizes a tea party for Colin's arrival. The characters are shown to have interrelationship tensions and this is near erupting when Colin arrives, heightening the tension when they all work to appear friendly towards him. However Colin seems euphorically happy while the rest of the party are near breaking point.
Diana is concerned in Act I regarding whether her husband (Paul) is faithful or not. Deep down she knows he isn't and has a feeling he is having a 'love-affair' with Evelyn. Evelyn's husband John is in business with Paul and knows that Paul and Evelyn have slept together but doesn't say anything in fear of damaging business relations. The play unfolds and Colin's arrival triggers Diana's confrontation. She ends up pouring the cream on Paul and breaking down at the end of the play. 

</doc>
<doc id="5937805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937805" title="Magdala (disambiguation)">
Magdala (disambiguation)

Magdala may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5937817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937817" title="Bosnia and Herzegovina national under-21 football team">
Bosnia and Herzegovina national under-21 football team

Bosnia and Herzegovina U21 national football team is a youth team of Bosnia that represents the country in the European Under-21 Football Championship and friendly matches. It is considered to be the feeder team for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team.
The national Under-21 team has never qualified for a major tournament but has had a couple of near misses. In 2006 they played Czech Republic during the 2007 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification playoffs but lost on aggregate, the Czechs winning 2:1 at home while the result was 1:1 in Sarajevo.
One of the most memorable results of the Bosnia and Herzegovina U-21 team was on October 10, 2002. Germanys U-21 team was defeated 5-1 in Zenica at the Bilino Polje Stadium. These two teams have also played out a thrilling 4:4 draw on 10. September 2012 as part of UEFA U21 Euro 2013 Qualifiers, where Bosnia finished in second position on the table just failing to reach play-offs.
On the 10. May 2011, the Committee for the normalization of the Bosnian Football Federation appointed Vlado Jagodić as Head Coach.
Current squad.
Caps and goals correct as of: 14 November 2013
Recent callups.
The following players have been called up for the team within the last 12 months:
Results and schedule.
The box below, shows the results of all matches played in the rescent past, and the scheduled matches in the near future.

</doc>
<doc id="5937818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937818" title="Mick Bunnage">
Mick Bunnage

Mick Bunnage (born 21 December 1958) is a cartoonist, journalist, and comedy writer and was formerly the bass guitarist of The Deep Freeze Mice. He is the co-creator of the "Modern Toss" comic, which was also turned into a TV series by Channel 4. He has also worked as a writer on the BBC's "2004 The Stupid Version".
Bunnage was one of the three co-creators of "Loaded" magazine in 1994, alongside original editor James Brown and deputy editor Tim Southwell, and went on to become associate editor. Under the guise of "Dr. Mick" he continued to contribute to Loaded until 2004, where he created, with Jon Link, the "Office Pest" cartoon strip, which became a prototype for "Modern Toss". The duo went on to contribute cartoons to a broad range of publications including "The Guardian" and the "Daily Mirror". They then produced a website, shitflap.com, in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5937833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937833" title="Petrus Siculus">
Petrus Siculus

Petrus Siculus or Peter Sikeliotes () was either a monk or a learned nobleman, who in 870 was sent as a legate from the Byzantine emperor Basil I to the Paulician leader Chrysocheir, negotiating for an exchange of prisoners. He stayed in the Paulician city of Tephrike/Tibrica, now Divrigi in Turkey, on the upper Euphrates, for nine months. While there he wrote his "Historia Manichaeorum qui Pauliciani dicuntur", which is one of the main sources for the history of the Paulician sect.
The "Historia Manichaeorum" was first published by Rader in Ingolstadt in 1604.

</doc>
<doc id="5937836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937836" title="Magdala, Germany">
Magdala, Germany

Magdala is a town in the Weimarer Land district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated west of Jena, and southeast of Weimar.

</doc>
<doc id="5937840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937840" title="San Vito Lo Capo">
San Vito Lo Capo

San Vito Lo Capo (Sicilian: San Vitu) is a town and "comune" in North-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani. It has 3,914 inhabitants as of 2004. The small town is located in a valley between spectacular mountains, and is home to a public beach popular with local vacationers. The town's primary industries are tourism and agriculture, particularly olive groves owned by small farmers. 
The town's eastern border is provided by a small range of mountains, the northernmost of which is peaked by a large cross visible from the public beach below. The mountain is popular with local climbers, and a logbook is provided at the cross for climbers to record their adventures. The mountain is also home to numerous caves, most of which are inaccessible without professional climbing gear. A particular cave, accessible by foot at the southern base of the mountain, was named "Caverna della Capra Guasto," or "Cave of the Dead Goat" by explorers Christian D'Angelo and William Spears. The adventurers famously explored the cave's interior using only a camera flash for light, and provide the first historical record of the cave's penetration by humans. 
San Vito lo Capo is home to many small eateries targeting the beachgoing market; of those the most well-known is the historical Cafe Europa, famous for its specialty, the Panini con Panelle. 
To the south, there is the Riserva naturale dello Zingaro.
Events.
Since 1998, the town hosts the "Cous Cous Fest, international festival of culture and gastronomy of the Mediterranean. A race of international cuisine couscous engaging chefs from eight countries: Côte d'Ivoire, France, Israel, Italy, Morocco, Palestinian Territories, Senegal and Tunisia, which are addressed by proposing the couscous cooked in accordance with its gastronomic tradition.
In the month of May along the beautiful beach makes into the International Kite Festival
In July,"Summer Music Festival"music and youth to the forefront of entertainment.
The Summer Music Festival, born on the sly for the sacrifices and the willingness of young people, soared and now risen to national dignity, has managed to convey in past editions tips about 70,000 admissions.
Event free and open to the public, featuring sounds and atmosphere of the summer, is a mix of music, fun and sound extravaganza.
More than 110,000 admissions in 2010, an increase in tourism / hospitality room during the event 500%.

</doc>
<doc id="5937848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937848" title="Bedroom Farce (play)">
Bedroom Farce (play)

Bedroom Farce is a 1975 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It had a London production at the Prince of Wales Theatre in 1978.
Overview.
"Bedroom Farce" is a comedy that contains a melee of events involving certain philandering characters, all occurring within similar moments of one another. Alan Ayckbourn’s clever uses of time and space makes this a very intricate and sophisticated comedy while also portraying the deteriorating and rebuilding of relationships among young couples. This play explores the differences in relationships between the younger and older generations while capitalizing on certain unlikely issues that may strain the relationships even further. Although Ayckbourn uses hints of homosexuality in this play, this doesn't seem to have a huge part in his play as a whole, but can be interpreted to have a stronger deeper meaning within the play. 
As the title implies, the play is an absurd and confusing farce, comparing and contrasting the differences between couples young and old, and the different troubles they encounter. This play had certain sadistic aspects involving cheating, and lying, which evolves into forgiveness and devotion. Although the play may seem to lead into a corner of despair and heartbreak, it substitutes the hard truths of certain relationships into relationships that may have a chance at survival.
Plot summary.
The play takes place in three bedrooms during one night and the following morning. The cast consists of four married couples. At the beginning of the play, the oldest couple, Delia and Ernest, are getting ready to go out for a meal to celebrate their wedding anniversary; Malcolm and Kate, the youngest, are about to host a housewarming party, to which the other two couples, Jan and Nick and Susannah and Trevor (the only ones whose bedroom is not seen), have been invited. At the last minute Nick has hurt his back and is unable to go. The complicating factor is that Jan used to be Trevor's girlfriend, and after Susannah and Trevor have a blazing row, Susannah finds Trevor kissing Jan. As a result Susannah leaves the party and goes to visit Delia and Ernest, whose connection with the rest of the plot is that they are Trevor's parents; she ends up sharing Delia's bed, while Ernest is forced to sleep in the spare room. Meanwhile Trevor himself, feeling unable to go home, is also offered a bed in a spare room by Kate, but decides to go and "straighten things out" with Nick and Jan, leaving Kate waiting up for him.
Eventually Trevor and Susannah seem to be reconciled, but at the end of the play the audience might doubt whether this state of affairs will last.
Major revivals.
The play was revived in the West End in 2002 with a cast including June Whitfield and Richard Briers.
In 2008, the play was produced Off-Broadway by The Actors Company Theatre (TACT).
In 2009, the play was revived at the Rose Theatre by Peter Hall, director of the original production in 1978.
In 2013, it will be revived at the Gate Theatre, Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="5937861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937861" title="Ibrahim Zukanović">
Ibrahim Zukanović

Ibrahim Zukanović (born 21 December 1957 in Zenica, Bosnia-Herzegovina) is a former Bosnian football player who is currently football coach of HNK Sloga Uskoplje.
Zukanović played club football in the Yugoslav First League for NK Čelik Zenica.
Previously, he coached the Bosnia and Herzegovina national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="5937877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937877" title="Mahlberg">
Mahlberg

Mahlberg is a town in the Ortenaukreis, in western Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 8 km southwest of Lahr.

</doc>
<doc id="5937890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937890" title="Longstreet (film)">
Longstreet (film)

Longstreet was the title of a television movie that served as the pilot for the 1971-1972 ABC television series, "Longstreet".
It starred James Franciscus as Mike Longstreet, an insurance investigator in New Orleans who loses his sight and his wife in an explosion and is determined to track down his wife's killers. The movie ran 90 minutes (with commercial breaks). It filmed partially on-location at the Place D'Armes Hotel in the French Quarter of 
New Orleans.

</doc>
<doc id="5937899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937899" title="Undressed (album)">
Undressed (album)

Undressed is queercore band Pansy Division's debut album.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jon Ginoli. 

</doc>
<doc id="5937900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937900" title="Santana do Ipanema">
Santana do Ipanema

Santana do Ipanema is a town and municipality in the western half of the Brazilian state of Alagoas. It was founded in 1875 on the banks of the Ipanema river.
Its population was 44,866 (2005) and its area is 438 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5937902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937902" title="Inner Banks">
Inner Banks

The Inner Banks is a neologism without historical precedent used by some to describe the inland coastal region of eastern North Carolina. The term "Inner Banks" is a recent construct on the part of developers and the tourism industry to rebrand the mostly agrarian coastal plain as a more attractive region for visitors and retirees. The term is rarely used colloquially. Many long-time residents are resisting the adoption of the term to describe the area since it is perceived as a marketing tool with a scant history behind it. Its construction plays on the historical area known as the Outer Banks, a string of barrier islands off the coast of North Carolina that are a popular tourist attraction. The demand for waterfront property in eastern North Carolina as a site for second homes for the relatively wealthy has resulted in a tremendous disparity of prices. Frequently otherwise equivalent lots on opposite sides of a road will have broadly divergent tax and appraisal values. For example, on Rock Creek Road in Jones County, riverfront lots on the Trent River have a tax value of $201,286 per acre; lots immediately across the road have a tax value of $33,634 per acre, according to the Jones County GIS maps. Strictly speaking, only the actual waterfront lots should be considered "Inner Banks", but designating non-waterfront lots as "Inner Banks" creates an artificial desirability in the eyes of prospective buyers from afar.
The developers and tourist promoters consider the Inner Banks by its broadest definition to be an area on the East Coast of the United States that is 22,227 square miles (57,568 km²). The so-called Inner Banks comprises over 3,000 miles of inland coastline and is home to over 2.5 million residents. The Crystal Coast and Albemarle regions of the state are thus included in the Inner Banks. With a moderate climate, the area is becoming a popular destination for retirees and small business entrepreneurs. "Inner Banks" is sometimes abbreviated with the acronym IBX.
The general definition states that the Inner Banks lie between Interstate 95 to the west, the Outer Banks to the east, and extend from the Virginia border down to the South Carolina border. Consisting of 41 counties, the region is three times the size of the state of New Jersey. Many areas farther from the sounds and tidal rivers have not embraced the Inner Banks brand and are seldom included in the definition. Traditionally dependent on agriculture and the textile industry, eastern North Carolina is undergoing an economic evolution by redefining the region's strengths to transition into the new global economy.
Six small towns in the Inner Banks have joined together in the Creative Communities Initiative. They are working to strengthen the region’s economy by fostering an environment attractive to knowledge workers, artists, and other people working in the creative economy. The six towns involved in the project are: Ayden, Edenton, Hertford, Murfreesboro, Plymouth, and Tarboro.
Albemarle Region.
Northeastern North Carolina (or the Albemarle Region) consists of 16 counties in extreme northeast North Carolina that surround Albemarle Sound and its tributaries, such as the Chowan River and the Roanoke River. Although the region has historically lagged behind the rest of North Carolina in terms of economic growth, it has numerous attractions in its undeveloped beaches, rivers, and small towns. The area comprises the northern part of the Inner Banks.
History.
Given its access to the sound and rivers, the area was inhabited for thousands of years by various indigenous peoples.
After European contact, the area which is now northeastern North Carolina and southeastern Virginia was one of the first in North America to be settled by Europeans. Virginia Dare, the first English child born in North America, was born on nearby Roanoke Island in 1587, in what is today part of North Carolina.
The cash crops were tobacco and cotton cultivation, and planters imported thousands of enslaved Africans for their work force. They and their descendants were integral to the survival and success of the North Carolina colony and later state. Tobacco was especially labor intensive and exhausted the soil. Some of the first planters shifted to mixed farming by the end of the 18th century.
Most of the region was relatively prosperous until the American Civil War, when its productive farmland and shipping industries became a frequent target for Union invasions. Several towns in the region were burned to the ground by Union troops during this time, including Plymouth and Winton. Confederate forces at Plymouth made the first use of an ironclad warship, the "CSS Albemarle".
After the war, agriculture suffered across the South, and the region was slow to change its economy.
Area.
Counties.
The following is a list of counties usually considered a part of the Inner Banks (listed alphabetically):
"Generally:"
Cities and towns.
The following is a list of some of the towns and communities in the Inner Banks (listed alphabetically):

</doc>
<doc id="5937912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937912" title="Karamesutlu">
Karamesutlu

Karamesutlu is a village in the district of Babaeski in the Kırklareli Province in Thracian Turkey. It lies on the highway that connects Babaeski to Kırklareli and further extends to Dereköy, the customs with Bulgaria. It is 7 km from Babaeski and 30 km from Kırklareli. It is also 2 km from the ramp of the Trans-European Motorway, which goes from Ankara (in central Turkey) to Europe.
It lies on a flat landscape where the highest elevation does not exceed 100 m. Agricultural farming is the primary source of income. Sunflower and wheat are the main crops. Cattle is also raised. The Şeytan ("devil" in Turkish) Stream flows through the land of the village and provides an important source for irrigation.
The name of the village is believed to have originated from a shoemaker named Mesut who had a tan ("kara" in Turkish) complexion.

</doc>
<doc id="5937915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937915" title="Rachel Harrison">
Rachel Harrison

Rachel Harrison (born 1966, New York) is a sculptor based in New York. Harrison is best known for assemblage work. Her work juxtaposes contemporary found, purchased, and received items along with objects made for her pieces. Putting these together comments on the temporary nature of the objects combined with the established desire of preservation with art. Her work utilized cultural images similarly to Andy Warhol even using Marilyn Monroe's image within her work.
Harrison's work has been seen in many exhibitions including: 
"‘Posh Floored as Ali G Tackles Beck’" at Arndt & Partner in Berlin, 
"‘Should home windows or shutters be required to withstand a direct hit from an eight-foot-long two-by-four shot from a cannon at an hour, without creating a hole big enough to let through a three-inch (76 mm) sphere?’" at Arena Gallery in Brooklyn, 
"‘Sleeping Waters’" in Chantal Crousel in Paris and 
"‘24 Seven’" at Galerie Klaus Peter Goebel in Stuttgart.
Solo Exhibitions 
2013 
“Fake Title”, kestnergesllschaft, Hannover S.M.A.K 
“Villeperdue”, Galerie Meyer Kainer, Vinna
2012
“The Help”, Greene Naftali Gallery, New York
2011
“Double Yolk”, with Scott Lyall, Galerie Christan Nagel, Antwerp
2010
“asdfjkl;”, Regen Projects, Los Angeles
“Conquest of the Useless”, Whitechapel Gallery, London
2009
“HAYCATION”, Frankfurt am Main
“Consider the Lobser”, Hessel Museum, Bard College, Annadale-on-Hudson
2008
“Lay of the Land”, Le Consortium, Dijion
“Sunny Side Up”, Meyer Kaine Gallery, Veinna
2007
"Voyage Of The Beagle", Kunsthalle Nürnberg, Nürnberg.
Migros Museum für Gegenwartskunst, Zürich.
"If I Did It", 2007, Greene Naftali Gallery, New York.
2006
"Checking the Tires, Not To Mention The Marble Nude", 
Galerie Christian Nagel, Köln.
"When Hangover becomes Form", with Scott Lyall, Contemporary Art Gallery, Vancouver; LACE, Los Angeles.
"Sometimes it Snows in April", with Michael Krebber, The McCallister Institute, New York.
2005
"Car Stereo Parkway", Transmission Gallery, Glasgow.
2004
"New Work", San Francisco MoMA, San Francisco.
"Posh Floored as Ali G Tackles Beck", Camden Art Center, London.
"Excuse Me?", Arndt + Partner, Berlin. 
"Lakta/Latkas", Greene Naftali Gallery, New York.
2003
Bergen Kunsthalle, Gallery No. 5, Norway.
2002
"Currents 30: Rachel Harrison", Milwaukee Art Museum, Milwaukee (catalogue).
"Seven Sculptures", Arndt & Partner, Berlin., Art 33 Basel, Statements, Basel Art Fair.
"Brides and Bases", Oakville Gallery, Toronto (catalogue).
2001
"Perth Amboy", Greene Naftali Gallery, New York.
1999
"Patent Pending: Beveled Rasp Sac", Greene Naftali Gallery, New York.
1997
"The Look of Dress-Separates", Greene Naftali Gallery, New York.
1996
"Should home windows or shutters be required to withstand a direct hit from an eight-foot-long two-by-four shot from a cannon at 34 miles an hour, without creating a hole big enough to let through a three-inch sphere?", Arena Gallery, Brooklyn, New York.
She most recently received the Calder Prize and residency.

</doc>
<doc id="5937918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937918" title="Capital Breakfast (London)">
Capital Breakfast (London)

Capital Breakfast is the name of the breakfast slot on Capital London (and across Capital). It is currently presented by Dave Berry and Lisa Snowdon. The show is broadcast from 6am to 10am each weekday. From 7 January 2012 an additional 'best of' edition is broadcast from 8am to 12pm each Saturday. The slogan is "London's No.1 Breakfast Show".
Local variations across the UK are Dino & Pete (Capital East Midlands), Gillies & Emily (Capital South Coast), Hirsty's Daily Dose (Capital Yorkshire), Dan & Katy (Capital Birmingham), Matt, Polly & Geraint (Capital South Wales), Bodj, Matt & Jojo (Capital North East), The Rob Ellis Show (Capital Manchester), Des & Jennie (Capital Scotland), Graeme & Sarah (Capital North West & North Wales), Alistair James (Capital Cymru).
Broadcast and production.
As Capital London (channel listed as Capital FM) is simulcast on TV variants which are available on Freesat, Freeview, Sky, TalkTalk TV and Virgin Media, "Capital Breakfast" is available throughout the UK. This variant is produced at their studios in Leicester Square, London.
On air team.
The longest running presenter was Chris Tarrant, who presented the show from 1987 to 2004. The show was immensely popular, increasing Capital Radio's audience share in London. Tarrant won the Sony Radio Academy Awards, Breakfast Show Gold in 1995 for this show.
In April 2004, Johnny Vaughan replaced Tarrant, as the presenter of "Capital Breakfast". In 2008, he was joined by current co-presenter, Lisa Snowdon. Vaughan left the programme in November 2011 after being told that his contract was not being renewed.
In February 2011 it was reported the show remained London's most listened to commercial breakfast show with Capital London having more than one million listeners between 6am and 10am.
Guests and podcast.
"Capital Breakfast with Johnny and Lisa" often had high-profile celebrity guests some of whom included Gordon Ramsay, Will Smith, Pierce Brosnan, George Michael and The Pussycat Dolls. Most of "Capital Breakfast with Johnny and Lisa" interviews were put on their weekly podcast, which was released every Friday via the Capital FM or iTunes website.

</doc>
<doc id="5937919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937919" title="Slovenian Intelligence and Security Agency">
Slovenian Intelligence and Security Agency

The Slovenian Intelligence and Security Agency (; or , lit. ) is the main civilian intelligence service in the Republic of Slovenia and as a government agency is subordinated directly to Prime Minister of Slovenia. The mission of SOVA as the central intelligence and security service in the Republic of Slovenia is to provide for national security. The agency's headquarters are located at Stegne Street in Dravlje, northwest of Ljubljana's centre.
Its military counterpart is Intelligence and Security Service (; "OVS"), part of Ministry of Defense.
History.
SOVA traces its origins to State Security Service (; SDV), which was formed in 1966 with renaming of State Security Administration. On 9 May 1991 service was renamed to Security and Information Service (; VIS). Final renaming to current name was done on 7 January 1993, and at the same time agency was transferred from Ministry of Internal Affairs to Government of Slovenia.
Controversies.
Tapping of Italian diplomat (1991).
Before Ten-Day War then VIS was tapping phone call between member of Slovenian Presidency Ciril Zlobec and Italian consul, during which Zlobec informed Italian of date of Slovenian Declaration of Independence.
Tapping of opposition (1991−1993).
Under Brejc agency was tapping some leading members of LDS party.
Black fund (2002−2006).
After Iztok Podbregar was replaced as director by new government in 2006, special investigation team under leadership of new Minister of Justice Lovro Šturm was formed with task of reviewing agency's activities. During this team found undocumented black fund, which was used for covering expanses for unconventional therapy of then-President Janez Drnovšek (who had cancer), buying expensive retirement presents, establishment of companies... Team also reveled that SOVA was tapping over 3000 foreign telephone numbers, and was also recording telephone conversations between Slovenian and Croatian PMs.
Safe house exposed (2007).
In March 2007 daily newspaper "Dnevnik" exposed SOVA's safe house in center of Ljubljana, while writing about visit of SOVA's director Matjaž Šinkovec and PM's consultant Aleksander Lavrih in it. After this agency's collaboration with German Bundesnachrichtendienst regarding telecommunications tapping in Western Balkans was also exposed.
Exposed photos (2011).
In September 2011 about 80 photos of former UDBA agents with retired and current SOVA agents were published on several internet sites; photos were taken during picnic, while some agents were drunk and displaying communist symbols. Among them was also Zvonko Hrastar, ex-agent (and husband of state prosecutor Branka Zobec Hrastar), who in 1988 arrested Janez Janša (future defense and prime minister) and with this started JBTZ trial.
Expensive furniture (2012).
In March 2012 it was reviled that former director Sebastjan Selan ordered expensive furniture (in excess of 112 000 €) for executive-level 5-bedroom apartment, which was intended for international meetings on high level. This was done while government was imposing budget cutbacks. New director Damir Črnčec discontinued use of apartment and ordered an internal review.
Accusations of political bias (2013).
In January 2013, the Commission for the prevention of corruption of the Republic of Slovenia received an indictment, that was sent also to the President of the Republic, and to parliamentary Commission for Supervision of Intelligence and Security Services, the agency may be politically biased because after 2011 the leading positions were taken by members of Janez Janša's political party Slovenian Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="5937920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937920" title="MRAP (NGO)">
MRAP (NGO)

MRAP stands for "Mouvement contre le racisme et pour l'amitié entre les peuples" (Movement Against Racism and for Friendship between Peoples), and is an anti-racist French NGO, created in 1949 [http://www.mrap.fr/]. Mouloud Aounit became in 1989 its first general secretary (1989-2004), then president (2004-2008), then member of the presidentieal college (2008-2011) not to belong to the French Communist Party (PCF).
Creation.
The "Mouvement national contre le racisme" (National Movement Against Racism) was created in 1941 by several Resisters who believed that a specific struggle against racism had to be fought in the context of France's liberation from German occupation. A primary goal was to save as many black children as possible from deportation, and the movement coordinated its actions with the Protestant and Catholic Church. Two clandestine newspapers, "J'accuse" in the North zone and "Fraternité" in the South zone, were charged with countering the Nazis' and Vichy's racist ideology.
The MRAP was created on May 22, 1949 around former MNCR members and various personalities, such as the painter Marc Chagall or the Social Catholic leader Marc Sangnier. It took the name of "Mouvement contre le racisme, l'antisémitisme et pour la paix" (Movement Against Racism, Anti-Semitism and for Peace) in a period during which the dominant questions were neo-nazism, anti-Semitism and the Cold War.
Post-World War.
The colonial wars and the French economy's dependence on immigrant labour during the "Trente Glorieuses", extending from 1945 to 1974, changed the positions of the struggle against a racism that began to take various forms. The MRAP supported anti-colonialism and was opposed to the Algerian War (1954–62). It was one of the rare organizations to condemn the methods of the police prefect Maurice Papon and the October 17, 1961 massacre in Paris.
The MRAP obtained the vote of the Pleven Act on July 1, 1972, which condemns incitations to racial hate and permits anti-racist associations to depose courtsuits against those who commit such hate speech.
It became the "Mouvement contre le Racisme et pour l'Amitié entre les Peuples" in 1972, its current and present name.
The MRAP is also engaged in international issues. It was active against apartheid in South Africa and now struggles against racism in the United States (in particular by defending Black Panthers member Mumia Abu-Jamal).
Today.
It continues to be engaged against anti-Semitism (despite dropping the term from its name in 1972), defends the rights of immigrants, Gypsies and fights against all forms of racism. It is also engaged in actions against the far right, as well as the right wing. In some cases, it has also criticized the Socialist Party, criticizing Ségolène Royal, the Socialist contender for the 2007 presidential election, when she released her program on security issues, stating that she was engaging in the "most dangerous kind of populism".
The MRAP was engaged in the creation of the alter-globalization NGO ATTAC in 1998. Currently, it concentrates its action against immigration-restricting laws and in favor of immigrants' rights, as well as denunciation of racism on the internet and against historical revisionism (courtsuit deposed against Bruno Gollnisch, member of the Front National). 
References.
Official site

</doc>
<doc id="5937923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937923" title="Operation Chahar order of battle">
Operation Chahar order of battle

The order of battle for Operation Chahar, in the history of the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945), was:
Orbat for Operation Chahar.
Japan
Peiping Railway Garrison Force, Nan-kou Front - Gen. Kiyoshi Katsuki [4
Kwangtung Army [4
2 fighter squadrons, 4 scout plane squadrons, 2 bomber squadrons, 
Airforce: 
Notes:
1. Kwangtung Army and Chahar Expeditionary Force were under the command of Central Supreme Command but were not under unified command on the battlefield in this campaign.
2. 11th Independent Mixed Brigade was subordinated to Kwangtung Army, At the end of July it was attached to Peiping Railway Garrison Force. In early September, it reverted to the Chahar Expeditionary Force.
3. 2nd and 15th Mixed Brigades were detachments from Divisions of the Kwangtung Army.
Sources.
Madej, W. Victor. Japanese Armed Forces Order of Battle, 1937-1945 vols. Allentown, PA: 1981
[http://forum.axishistory.com/viewtopic.php?t=111890 Oui Column in Aug. 1937 Operation Chahar?

</doc>
<doc id="5937930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937930" title="Jarvis (CTA station)">
Jarvis (CTA station)

Jarvis is a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's 'L' system, on the Red Line at 1523 W. Jarvis Avenue in Chicago, Illinois (directional coordinates 7400N, 1600W). The Rogers Park neighborhood, located in the far northeast corner of Chicago, has four 'L' stations (N to S): Howard, Jarvis, Morse, and Loyola.
The style of the station is typical for the intermediate red line stops between Howard and Belmont - a narrow platform in the middle of the tracks, with the Red Line stopping on the inner tracks, and the Purple Line running express on the outside tracks during weekday rush hours.
Closure for modernization project.
Closure of Jarvis (along with Lawrence, and Thorndale on the Red Line and South Boulevard and Foster on the Purple Line) is proposed in of three of the CTA's six potential options for the renovation of the Purple Line and northern section of the Red Line. Under these plans, the station would be replaced by a new auxiliary entrance to Howard at Rogers Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="5937935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937935" title="Tom McCarthy (broadcaster)">
Tom McCarthy (broadcaster)

Tom McCarthy (born July 5, 1968, in Jersey City, New Jersey) is an American sports broadcaster. He is the play-by-play announcer for Philadelphia Phillies television broadcasts and also calls National Football League games for Westwood One and will call select NFL games for CBS beginning in 2014 after filling for Sam Rosen in week 6 for Fox's NFL matchup between a Lions-Browns matchup in 2013. McCarthy has also been the play-by-play voice of Saint Joseph's University men's and women's basketball teams.
Broadcast career.
McCarthy spent five seasons with the Philadelphia Phillies (2001–2005) as a radio play-by-play voice and as their pre-game and post-game radio host. McCarthy also has served as the play-by-play announcer for the Double-A Trenton Thunder for six seasons. He has also been a play-by-play voice for Rutgers University football and for national football and basketball broadcasts on the CBS Sports Network (formerly known as CSTV), the Atlantic 10 TV network, Westwood One, and the Sports USA Radio Network.
After two seasons as a play-by-play announcer for the National League East rival New York Mets on WFAN, McCarthy signed a five-year deal to return to Philadelphia. Following the death of Harry Kalas, McCarthy took over television play-by-play on a full-time basis McCarthy is one of three broadcasters to have covered both the Mets and Phillies on a regular basis. (The others being Tim McCarver and Todd Kalas). 
McCarthy spent nearly a decade broadcasting Princeton University football and men's basketball. He was the play-by-play voice for the Tigers during their 43-41 upset win over defending NCAA champion UCLA in the 1996 NCAA tournament and during their 27-2 run through the 1997-98 season. In 2009, McCarthy did play-by-play of the 2009 Caribbean Series for the MLB Network from their studios in Secaucus, New Jersey with Boston Red Sox Spanish language radio announcer Uri Berenguer on the color commentary.
McCarthy has called a game for Fox NFL Sunday as well as MLB games on Fox, most of them involving the Phillies.
He is a broadcaster for the NFL on Dial Global replacing Howard David. He performed the same role for Sports USA. His current partner is Rod Woodson, formally with Tony Boselli, and his substitute is Chuck Cooperstein. McCarthy is one of the current broadcasters who cover both NFL and MLB.
Personal life.
McCarthy graduated from Brick Memorial High School in Brick Township, New Jersey in 1986 and is a 1990 graduate of The College of New Jersey (then Trenton State College). At Trenton State he was a brother of the Phi Gamma Chi chapter of Alpha Chi Rho. He currently resides with his wife Meg and four children in Allentown, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="5937938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937938" title="INS Amba (A54)">
INS Amba (A54)

INS "Amba" (A54) was the only submarine tender ship in service with the Indian Navy. It is a modified Soviet design built to Indian specifications in Nikolayev (the present-day Mykolaiv in Ukraine) in 1968. Deviations from the standard "Ugra" design include four 76 mm guns instead of the 57 mm ones mounted on Soviet units.
The "Amba" was acquired in order to support the Indian Navy's then growing fleet of s. Of the eight submarines of that type commissioned during the late 1960s and early 1970s, only two (the and ) remain in service today. It is unclear if the "Amba" is used with the newer and submarines that have since entered service.
On 26 May 2001 a fire broke out in the laundry section of the "Amba" during a routine refit at the Cochin Shipyard, suffocating two washermen.
"Amba" was decommissioned from service in July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5937944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937944" title="Exotica (disambiguation)">
Exotica (disambiguation)

Exotica is a musical genre.
Exotica may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5937958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937958" title="List of minor planets/121001–121100">
List of minor planets/121001–121100


</doc>
<doc id="5937960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937960" title="Colhuacan (altepetl)">
Colhuacan (altepetl)

Culhuacan or Colhuacan () was one of the Nahuatl-speaking pre-Columbian city-states of the Valley of Mexico. According to tradition, Culhuacan was founded by the Toltecs under Mixcoatl and was the first Toltec city. The Nahuatl speakers agreed that Culhuacan was the first city to give its rulers the title of "speaker" ("tlatoani").
History.
Culhuacan survived the fall of Tollan and maintained its prestige until the mid-14th century. According to the "Cronica Mexicayotl", transcribed in 1609, in 1299, Culhuacan's "tlatoani", Coxcoxtli, helped the Tepanecs of Azcapotzalco, the Xochimilca and other cities expel the Mexica from Chapultepec. Coxcoxtli then gave the Mexica permission to settle in the barren land of Tizapan, southwest of Chapultepec, and they became vassals of Culhuacan. The Mexica subsequently assimilated into Culhuacan's culture and their soldiers provided mercenaries for its wars.
The Tenochtitlan "tlatoani" Acamapichtli was a grandson of Coxcoxtli. Nevertheless, in 1377 Azcapotzalco subdued Culhuacan in large part with Mexica troops. In 1428, the Mexican Speaker Itzcóatl helped to overthrow Azcapotzalco's hegemony, and accepted the title "Ruler of the Culhua".
See also.
Pueblo Culhuacán

</doc>
<doc id="5937963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937963" title="St Peter upon Cornhill">
St Peter upon Cornhill

St Peter upon Cornhill is an Anglican church on the corner of Cornhill and Gracechurch Street in the City of London of medieval origin. It was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and rebuilt to the designs of Sir Christopher Wren. It is now a satellite church in the parish of St Helen's Bishopsgate and is used for staff training, bible studies and a youth club. The St Helen's church office controls access to St Peter's.
The church was used by the Tank Regiment after the Second World War, subsumed under St Helen's Bishopsgate.
Early history.
The church of St Peter upon Cornhill stands on the highest point of the City of London. A tradition grew up that the church was of very ancient origin and was the seat of an archbishop until the establishment of Canterbury Cathedral at the end of the 6th century.
The London historian John Stow, writing at the end of the 16th century, reported "there remaineth in this church a table whereon is written, I know not by what authority, but of a late hand, that King Lucius founded the same church to be an archbishop's see metropolitan, and chief church of his kingdom, and that it so endured for four hundred years". The "table" (tablet) seen by Stow was destroyed when the medieval church was burnt in the Great Fire, but before this time a number of writers had recorded what it said. The text of the original tablet as printed by John Weever in 1631 began:
Be hit known to al men, that the yeerys of our Lord God an clxxix 179. "Lucius" the fyrst christen kyng of this lond, then callyd Brytayne, fowndyd the fyrst chyrch in London, that is to sey, the Chyrch of Sent "Peter" apon Cornhyl, and he fowndyd ther an Archbishoppys See, and made that Chirch the Metropolitant, and cheef Chirch of this kingdom...
A replacement, in the form of an inscribed brass plate, was set up after the Great Fire and still hangs in the church vestry today. The text of the brass plate has been printed several times, for example by George Godwin in 1839, and an engraving of it was included in Robert Wilkinson's "Londina Illustrata" (1819–25).
In 1444 a "horsemill" was given to St Peter's. The bells of St Peter are mentioned in 1552, when a bell foundry in Aldgate was asked to cast a new bell.
Present building.
The church was badly damaged in the Great Fire of London in 1666. The parish tried to patch it up, but between 1677 and 1684 it was rebuilt to a design by Christopher Wren at a cost of £5,647. The new church was shorter than its predecessor, the eastern end of the site having been given up to widen Gracechurch Street.
St Peter's was described by Ian Nairn as having "three personalities inextricably sewn into the City". The eastern frontage to Gracechurch Street is a grand stone-faced composition, with five arched windows between Ionic pilasters above a high stylobate. The pilasters support an entablature; above that is a blank attic storey, then a gable with one arched window flanked by two round ones. The north and south sides are stuccoed and much simpler in style. Unusually, shallow 19th-century shops have survived towards Cornhill, squeezed between the church and the pavement. The tower is of brick, its leaded cupola topped with a small spire, which is in turn surmounted by a weather vane in the shape of St. Peter’s key.
The interior is aisled, with square arcade piers resting on the medieval pier foundations. The nave is barrel vaulted, while the aisles have transverse barrel vaults. Unusually for a Wren church, there is a screen marking the division between nave and chancel. This was installed at the insistence of the rector at the time of rebuilding, William Beveridge.
Charles Dickens mentions the churchyard in "Our Mutual Friend". A theatre group called The Players of St Peter were formed at the church in 1946 and performed there until 1987. They are now based at St Clement Eastcheap where its members perform medieval mystery plays each November.
The church was designated a Grade I listed building on 4 January 1950.
Features and points of interest.
Music.
In June 1834, the 14-year-old Elizabeth Mounsey became the organist of St. Peter's.
The organ in the gallery of St Peter's has an autographed souvenir quote from a Bach Passacaglia on display, which Felix Mendelssohn gave to Elizabeth Mounsey, on 30 September 1840 after he gave an impromptu performance the church's organ.
Jowett.
In the 1830s, the notable missionary William Jowett was a lecturer at the church.

</doc>
<doc id="5937965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937965" title="Ohio State Route 88">
Ohio State Route 88

State Route 88 (SR 88) is an east–west highway in the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. Its western terminus is in Portage County at Ohio State Route 59; at the intersection of Freedom Street with Main Street in Ravenna. Route 88 follows a northerly direction for a little more than a mile along Freedom Street, to the State Route 14 and State Route 44 concurrency bypass. From here, the route heads in a northeasterly direction. Its next intersection is with State Route 700, at the southern terminus of the latter route. A quarter mile further to the northeast, Route 88 joins State Route 303 for about a half mile. State Route 88 then continues northeast, crossing over Interstate 80 and The Ohio Turnpike, before turning due north as it enters Garrettsville. Here, as South Street, the route intersects with State Route 82 (State Street), then becomes North Street before exiting the corporation limits. 
The route continues northward, entering Geauga County, becoming McCall Road here, and intersects with U.S. Route 422 in Parkman; this is also the southern terminus of State Route 528, which overlaps State Route 88 (first as Main Street, and then Madison Road). State Route 168’s southern terminus is two blocks north, and then about a mile north of Parkman, State Route 88 leaves the concurrency and continues due east as Nash Road, and then becomes Greenville Road in Trumbull County. 
The route passes through West Farmington as Main Street, then continues as Greenville Road, intersecting with State Route 534, State Route 45 at Bristolville, and State Route 46. Stata Route 88 crosses over State Route 11 before joining with State Route 5 (Warren-Meadville Road), which enters from the southwest about ½ mile before they intersect with State Route 193 (Youngstown-Kingsville Road). About 1½ miles later, State Route 88 leaves the concurrency and continues east as Greenville Road to its last intersection at State Route 7 in Vernon before its eastern terminus at the Pennsylvania state line, where Pennsylvania Route 358 (Vernon Road) continues east.
History.
SR 88 was commissioned in 1923, on its current alignment between Ravenna and Parkman. In 1927 the route was extended east to the Pennsylvania state line. The highway between Ravenna and SR 7 was paved in 1928. The section of road between SR 7 and the Pennsylvania state line was paved in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="5937966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937966" title="Operation Body Count">
Operation Body Count

Operation Body Count is a first-person shooter that used the "Wolfenstein 3D" ray casting engine. It was developed and published by Capstone Software.
Plot.
Terrorists have taken over the UN Building and have seized the government officials in the building. They are now being held as hostages in the top floor of the building by Victor, the leader of the terrorist gang. 
As a member of a special Government Assault Team, it is up to the player to command their team and reach the top floor (the 40th level), rescue the hostages and eliminate the terrorist threat by killing Victor.
Gameplay.
Using a modified Wolfenstein 3D engine, gameplay is very similar to the majority of other "clones" of the time. The game consisted of 40 levels. The first few levels are set in the sewers, where you attempt to make your way up to the basement of the building.
Upon getting into the UNN building, you then combat the terrorists. When you make it up to level 40, you come face-to-face with Victor himself.

</doc>
<doc id="5937970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937970" title="List of minor planets/121101–121200">
List of minor planets/121101–121200


</doc>
<doc id="5937971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937971" title="Grissom (surname)">
Grissom (surname)

Grissom is a surname.
People bearing it include:

</doc>
<doc id="5937980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937980" title="Peiking–Suiyuan Railway Operation">
Peiking–Suiyuan Railway Operation

Peiking – Suiyuan Railway Operation was the Chinese operations in the Second Sino-Japanese War to counter the Japanese Operation Chahar to invade Suiyuan in August 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="5937985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937985" title="HMS Edinburgh (1882)">
HMS Edinburgh (1882)

HMS "Edinburgh" was an ironclad battleship of the "Colossus" class which served in the Royal Navy of the Victorian era. She was the sister ship of HMS "Colossus", being started before her but being completed after.
"Edinburgh" was the first British battleship since HMS "Warrior", launched in 1860, to carry breech loading artillery as part of her main armament. "Warrior" had been equipped with 10 110-pounder Armstrong breech loading guns, which had not proved satisfactory, to complement her 26 muzzle-loaders.
"Edinburgh"'s guns were carried in two turrets positioned near the centre of the ship, and the turrets were mounted "en echelon". It was expected that, by mounting the turrets in this way, at least one gun from each turret could fire fore and aft along the keel line, and all four guns could fire on broadside bearings; it was intended that every part of the horizon could be covered by at least two guns. In practice it was found that firing too close to the keel line caused unacceptable blast damage to the superstructure, and cross-deck firing similarly caused damage to the deck.
Before "Edinburgh" the positioning of the conning tower in British ironclads had produced a variety of solutions; the difficulty was that the two important factors involved, maximum protection and maximum visibility, were essentially mutually incompatible. In this ship the conning tower was positioned forward of the foremast for good all-round vision; the chart-house was, however, placed on its roof, and the whole area surrounded by small guns, stanchions and other obstructions to the view; the problem was not solved until the political will to build larger ships in turn allowed more space for command facilities.
Service history.
Her completion was delayed due to a lengthier than expected development time for her armament. An example of the Mark II twelve-inch breech loader exploded on board HMS "Collingwood" while on trial, and "Edinburgh" had to wait, as did other ships, for the Mark IV. She was commissioned at Portsmouth in July 1887 for the 1887 Golden Jubilee Fleet Review, and was then posted to the Mediterranean, where she was commanded by Commander (later Admiral Sir) Percy Scott until 1890. Her posting to the Mediterranean ended in 1894.
She was then briefly guardship at Hull, and was then guardship at Queensferry until 1897, when she went into reserve.
The ship was under the command of Commander C. G. Treherne in 1901. She became a flagship on 1 November 1901, when Vice-Admiral Albert Hastings Markham hoisted his flag on becoming Commander-in-Chief, The Nore.
In 1908 she was converted for use as a target ship, being fitted with fully backed and supported modern armour plates; the intention was to test and measure the effect on these plates of oblique impact by armour-piercing shells filled with lyddite, the most potent explosive of the period. As a result of these trials, which revealed major shortcomings in British high-explosive shells, the Controller, Jellicoe, ordered that the design of these shells should be improved. He was shortly thereafter appointed in command of the British Atlantic Fleet, and this instruction was not carried out. At the Battle of Jutland many British armour-piercing shells either did not pierce German armour, or did so but failed to explode, because of this failing.

</doc>
<doc id="5937987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937987" title="Acumen (organization)">
Acumen (organization)

Acumen (formerly known as Acumen Fund) is a non-profit global venture fund that uses entrepreneurial approaches to solve the problems of poverty. Its aim is to help build financially sustainable organizations that deliver affordable goods and services that improve the lives of the poor. Acumen is a 501(c)(3) organization headquartered in New York, with regional offices in India, Pakistan, Kenya and Ghana.
History.
Acumen was incorporated on April 1, 2001, with seed capital from the Rockefeller Foundation, Cisco Systems Foundation and three individual philanthropists. Acumen’s investors and advisors include also the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Google.org and the Skoll Foundation. Jacqueline Novogratz is the founder and CEO of Acumen.
Investments.
Acumen uses patient capital to build businesses. It makes investments – loans or equity, not grants – that yield both financial and social returns. As of December 12th, 2012, Acumen had approved $83 million in investments in the following countries: Ghana, India, Kenya, Nigeria, Pakistan, Rwanda, Tanzania, Uganda, the United States and the United Kingdom.
It has invested in 73 enterprises since inception, helping over 100 million people and creating 58,000 jobs. Investments are separated into six portfolios: Water, Health, Housing, Energy, Agriculture, and Education. Acumen commitments range from $300,000 to $2,000,000 in equity or debt with a payback or exit in roughly seven to ten years.
Fellows Programs.
The Acumen Global Fellows Program selects young professionals each year to work with Acumen portfolio organizations in the countries where it invests. The Fellows spend one year, starting in September, working with the Acumen team and local social enterprises.
Starting in 2011, Acumen launched Regional Fellows Programs in East Africa, Pakistan and India. This is a one-year fellowship program targeted at local leaders and entrepreneurs who manage an existing social change project in their region.
+Acumen (Chapters of Acumen).
Volunteer-run +Acumen chapters supportive of Acumen's mission have formed in over 20 cities around the world. These volunteer groups raise money for the organization and hold events related to poverty reduction and global development. 
In 2013, +Acumen launched free online leadership courses under the +Acumen Online Leadership Academy. The courses are offering on a rolling basis and are free and open to the public. Past courses have included "Acumen Leadership Essentials", "Human-Centered Design for Social Innovation" (with course partner IDEO) and "Adaptive Leadership: Mobilizing for Change" (with course partner Cambridge Leadership Associates).

</doc>
<doc id="5937990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937990" title="List of minor planets/121201–121300">
List of minor planets/121201–121300


</doc>
<doc id="5937993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937993" title="Itapipoca">
Itapipoca

Itapipoca is a city in Ceará, Brazil. It is located at around . It was founded in 1823. 

</doc>
<doc id="5937996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937996" title="Grenadan patrol boat Levera (PB-02)">
Grenadan patrol boat Levera (PB-02)

"Levera" (PB-02) is a United States-built Dauntless-class patrol boat ordered for the Grenadan Coast Guard. She was in service by September 1995 and was donated to Grenada in a foreign aid package. The builder was SeaArk, and the construction was completed at Monticello, Arkansas in the US.
References.
Wertheim, Eric, "The Naval Institute Guide to Combat Fleets of the World, 2005-2006; Their Ships, Aircraft, and Systems". US Naval Institute Press, Annapolis, Maryland. 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5937999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937999" title="Ukrainian Museum">
Ukrainian Museum

The Ukrainian Museum, founded in 1976 by the Ukrainian National Women's League of America (UNWLA), is located at 222 East 6th Street between Second Avenue and Cooper Square in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, and claims to be the largest American museum dedicated to the cultural heritage of people from Ukraine. Until 2005, the museum was located at 203 Second Avenue, between 11th and 12th Streets. The new building was designed by Ukrainian-American architect George Sawicki of Sawicki Tarella Architecture + Design in New York City, and was funded principally by the Ukrainian American community.
The museum's collection falls into three primary groupings, "folk art", which includes festive and ritual attire and other items of clothing, ceramics, metalwork and carved wood items, as well as Ukrainian Easter eggs ("pysanky"); "fine arts", including paintings, drawings, sculptures and graphic works by noted Ukrainian artists such as the primitive artist Nikifor, Mykhailo Moroz, Vasyl Hryhorovych Krychevsky and the sculptor Mykhailo Chereshnovsky, among many others; and items documenting the history and cultural legacy of the Ukrainian immigration to the United States, including photographs, personal correspondence, posters, flyers and playbills, stamps and coins.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5938005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938005" title="List of minor planets/121301–121400">
List of minor planets/121301–121400


</doc>
<doc id="5938019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938019" title="Complexity theory and organizations">
Complexity theory and organizations

Complexity theory and organizations, also called complexity strategy or complex adaptive organization, is the use of complexity theory in the field of strategic management and organizational studies.
Overview.
Complexity theory has been used in the fields of strategic management and organizational studies. Application areas include understanding how organizations or firms adapt to their environments and how they cope with conditions of uncertainty. The theory treats organizations and firms as collections of strategies and structures. The structure is complex; in that they are dynamic networks of interactions, and their relationships are not aggregations of the individual static entities. They are adaptive; in that the individual and collective behavior mutate and self-organize corresponding to a change-initiating micro-event or collection of events. 
Organizations can be treated as complex adaptive systems (CAS) as they exhibit fundamental CAS principles like self-organisation, complexity, emergence, interdependence, space of possibilities, co-evolution, chaos, and self-similarity. A typical example for an organisation behaving as CAS, is the wikipedia - collaborated and managed by a loosely organised management structure, composed of a complex mix of human–computer interactions. By managing behaviour, and not only mere content, Wikipedia uses simple rules to produce a complex, evolving knowledge base which has largely replaced older sources in popular use. Other examples include - the complex global macroeconomic network within a country or group of countries; stock market and complex web of cross border holding companies; manufacturing businesses; and any human social group-based endeavour in a particular ideology and social system such as political parties, communities, geopolitical organisations, and terrorist networks of both hierarchical and leaderless nature. This new macro level state may create difficulty for an observer in explaining and describing the collective behaviour in terms of its constituent parts; as a result of the complex dynamic networks of interactions, outlined earlier.
CAS are contrasted with ordered and chaotic systems by the relationship that exists between the system and the agents which act within it. In an ordered system the level of constraint means that all agent behaviour is limited to the rules of the system. In a chaotic system the agents are unconstrained and susceptible to statistical and other analysis. In a CAS, the system and the agents co-evolve; the system lightly constrains agent behaviour, but the agents modify the system by their interaction with it. This self-organizing nature is an important characteristic of CAS; and its ability to learn to adapt, differentiate it from other self organizing systems.
CAS approaches to strategy seek to understand the nature of system constraints and agent interaction and generally takes an evolutionary or naturalistic approach to strategy. More recently work by organizational scholars and their colleagues have added greatly to our understanding of how concepts from the complexity sciences can be used to understand strategy and organizations. Much of this later research integrates computer simulation and organizational studies.

</doc>
<doc id="5938020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938020" title="List of minor planets/121401–121500">
List of minor planets/121401–121500


</doc>
<doc id="5938023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938023" title="Grimsbury">
Grimsbury

Grimsbury is a largely residential area forming the eastern part of Banbury, Oxfordshire, England. It is east of the River Cherwell, the Oxford Canal and the Cherwell Valley Line railway.
History.
Grimsbury was first settled in the 6th century as a Saxon hamlet. and for centuries was a village separate from Banbury. The placename is a corruption of the Saxon name for a defended enclosure (burh) of a person called Grim. It is possible that the name was derived from a pseudonym for the pagan god Woden.
Grimsbury currently includes the town's Royal Mail sorting offices which were built over the former Banbury Merton Street railway station, Banbury railway station, Banbury United F.C.'s ground and the Victoria Place apartment development.
Local living conditions had improved greatly during the Victorian era with the removal of several poorly built cottages that were deemed to be only "hovels" and an end to the endemic "dwarfism" and rickets that had plagued the local children in the early 19th century. A slightly later development still further east in Grimsbury was of larger houses. A lot of cottages what was called 'Waterloo' (today's Waterloo Road), which apparently lay just east of Banbury Bridge to the north of the road, had transformed from the early 19th century so that by 1841 Waterloo was considered one of the better off parts of Grimsbury. Due to Banbury’s then boom time Grimsbury's principle expansion occurred between 1852 and 1881, when some 500 houses were built, around Middleton road, Causeway, Merton Street, Duke Street, and North Street. 
When meadows and a by the recently discussed race-course at Grimsbury were sold to the Great Western Railway circa 1850, the owner also sold the other part of his land, north of the Middleton road to the Banbury Freehold Land Society, which was financially backed by Cobb's Bank, to build middle-class type houses on, but development was slow at the time and some plots were never built upon. The land in question and the location of today's Spice Ball Park are marked as "Liable to flooding" on the 1882, 1900, 1910 and 1922 Ordnance Survey maps.
Duke Street, was located at the western edge of Wilkins’ (now demolished) brick pit, was developed around 1870. There was a substantial 'brick, tile and drain works' with a short tramway in it to the east of Grimsbury in the versinaty of Howard Street according to the 1882, 1883 1900, 1910, 1922 1923 and 1947 Ordnance Survey maps. It had closed by 1923 and the last workshops had shut in 1955. It was mostly built on by 1965 according to the 1955 and 1965 O.S. maps. 
The Banbury Town Council built the houses in King's Road and on the Easington estate at the time and other working-class type houses were built at the south end of Britannia Road and the area to the east between 1881 and 1930, and also in both Old Grimsbury Road and Gibbs Road in Grimsbury, and more up-market houses were built in both the Marlborough Road area and in Bath Road, Kings Road, Park Road, and Queen Street in Neithrop. The mostly late 19th-century suburb of Grimsbury witnessed rapid growth between 1881 and 1930. About 300 more houses were built after 1945, in the areas of Grimsbury Square, Fergusson Road, Howard Street, School View, and Edward Street. To the north of Grimsbury Square is the 1945–55 area of "New Grimsbury" and south of it is the 1930 and earlier old town of "Old Grimsbury".
A retail and residential development was built on the former site of the Bridge Motors Vauxhall dealership and garage and opened in 2010.
The region has in recent decades been home to many Asian families and in recent years has been settled by many Eastern Europe immigrants.
Grimsbury is on a floodplain and suffered severe floods in 1998 and 2007.
Recent Events.
Workmen found a fizzing and burning incendiary chemical that was suspected to be left over from a long-demolished First World War munitions factory and ammunition testing range. Thames Valley closed the Tesco Express, The Pepper Pot pub and the Atlantis Fish bar and set up a 100-metre cordon on 19 April 2012.[http://www.oxfordtimes.co.uk/news/yourtown/banbury/9659770.Bomb_experts_close_Banbury_street_over_unidentified_device/][http://www.banburyguardian.co.uk/news/local/bomb-disposal-unit-called-to-grimsbury-1-3752659]
Three World War I phosphorus grenades on 20 April [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-oxfordshire-17772657 and an unreleased number of anti-tank grenades were destroyed on the 24th The area around the Tesco Express Middleton Road, Grimsbury, witnessed the disposal of several lost pieces of World War I ordnance that remained buried after the closure of the local ammunition testing range. They were reckoned to be part of a batch of 20 that were lost in 1919. [http://www.banburyguardian.co.uk/news/local/road-closure-after-middleton-road-incident-1-3768262 [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-oxfordshire-17832818. On the 26th some World War II smoke bombs were also disposed of. Fire station manager Mick Clarke said fire crews and the Royal Logistics Corps were disposing of them [http://www.banburyguardian.co.uk/news/local/road-closure-after-middleton-road-incident-1-3768262.
New Grimsbury.
The post-1945 housing estate is situated at the northern end of the first (old) Grimsbury estate. About 300 more houses were built after 1945, in the areas of Grimsbury Square, Fergusson Road, Howard Street, School View, and Edward Street. To the north of Grimsbury Square is the 1945–55 area referred to as New Grimsbury. South of it is the old town of "Old Grimsbury" built prior to 1930. It was expanded in both the late 1950s and early 1960s with a mixture of working-class and middle-class homes. Further minor expansions were also taking place towards the north of the estate in 2008–2011.
Axis and Market Quarter housing estates.
Grimsbury was expanded further as the Market Quarter housing development has begun on the former cattle market site, along with the new Axis housing estate just to the east, which has added over 300 new homes and a primary school to replace Dashwood School.
The former cattle market.
Grimsbury was once home to Western Europe's largest cattle market, on Merton Street in Grimsbury. The market was a key feature of Victorian life both in the town and countyside. In the late 1920s the economy of Banbury was revolutionised by the arrival of new industries and in particular by the relocation of the out of town livestock market to Grimsbury it used to be held in Neithrop and/or Bridge Street, Banbury. The new site selected due to its proximity to the railway station. It was formally closed in June 1998, after being abandoned several years earlier and was replaced with a new housing development and Dashwood Primary School.
Overthorpe, Thorp Way and Wildermere Industrial Estates.
Banbury Rural District had built another water works on the present site in the 1890s as the need for formal sewerage treatment as well as water purification grew as the town expanded ever outward as illustrated in the 1882, 1900, 1910 and 1922 Ordnance Survey maps. It would be expanded after World War II and modernised thereafter. Banbury Rural District built a reservoir near today's Hennef Way road circa the late 1960s.
The 1960s industrial estates are home to both many local and national firms such as Prodrive, a Cherwell District Council depot and the town's sewerage works. It was later expanded in the mid to late 1990s and in the district council announced plans to expand it slightly eastward, but nothing has ever come of it since.
Churches.
Grimsbury Wesleyan Chapel in West Street was a neoclassical brick and stone building completed in 1871. The present Methodist church in West Street is modern.
The Church of England parish church of Saint Leonard was designed by the local architect Walter Mills and built in 1890 It is a Gothic Revival building with north and south aisles joined to the nave by four-bay arcades.
St. Leonard's was a chapel of ease to Christ Church in Broad Street until 1921, when Grimsbury was constituted as a separate parish with Saint Leonard’s as its church. In 1931 a fire destroyed much of the south side of St Leonard's and thereafter the church was redecorated and a new vestry built.
In 1978 a new Church of England Parish of Banbury, comprising four districts, was inaugurated. In 1998 the Banbury Team Ministry was dissolved and St. Leonard's reinstated as a separate parish.
In 2001 a new dais was built in the nave of St. Leonard's and the High Altar was placed in the centre. The font was also moved from the south aisle and placed in the nave at the west end of the church.
In 2003 the church was redecorated with the central pillars being painted to reflect the decoration of the ceiling which is believed to have been designed in the style of a canal narrowboat.
Schools.
There are two primary schools in Grimsbury.
Dashwood Community School moved from Dashwood Road on the other side of the river to brand-new buildings in Merton Street in 2008. The school is part of a Federation with the town's main secondary school, Banbury School. It has 200 pupils. It is unusual for an Oxfordshire primary school in having a school uniform which was introduced in 2009. The headteacher is Vicki McLean. 
St. Leonard's Church of England Primary School was originally Christchurch School. Its original buildings were designed by the Oxford Diocesan architect G.E. Street and built in 1860–61.
Recreational areas and parks.
The town centre's Bankside park is near the railway bridge, on the opposite canal to Grimsbury. 
The Howard Road play area is in Grimsbury.
The Verney Road play area, Chaldons Road play aria and urban park and Alma Road village green are all in the Market Quarter estate .
There is also 1 other park and 1 minor play ground on the seat.
Pubs and bars.
There are three local public houses: The Bell Inn and The Elephant and Castle are both next to the Londis shop and the bridge into Banbury town centre. The Pepper Pot is on the junction of Middleton Road and Daventry road.
Transport.
The Buses that serve this estate are run by the Stagecoach bus company and Heyfordian Buses.

</doc>
<doc id="5938027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938027" title="Deflowered">
Deflowered

Deflowered is the second album by queercore band Pansy Division.
The cover features a photograph of Mark Ewert (left) and Moon Trent (right), taken by Marc Gellar.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jon Ginoli, except where noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="5938028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938028" title="Ukrainian American Archives and Museum of Detroit">
Ukrainian American Archives and Museum of Detroit

The Ukrainian American Archives and Museum of Detroit, founded 1958, is a museum focused on Ukrainian immigration to the Detroit area, and Ukrainian culture, art, and contributions to the United States. The collections include Ukrainian art, crafts, musical instruments, textiles and photographs. The archive holdings relate to Ukrainian immigration and the library contains 20,000 books. Classes are given in English as a second language and Ukrainian folk arts and embroidery.
The museum is located at 11756 Charest St., Hamtramck, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="5938030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938030" title="Piedmont Community College">
Piedmont Community College

Piedmont Community College, one of 58 colleges in the North Carolina Community College System, is a multi-campus college located 40 miles north of the Research Triangle Park and 50 miles northeast of the Piedmont Triad. Its service area includes two North Carolina counties: Person County, where its main campus is located in Roxboro, NC; and Caswell County, with a campus in Yanceyville. Its mission is to enrich lives “by providing lifelong learning, education and training programs for today’s global workforce, and cultural opportunities for Person and Caswell counties.” Piedmont CC serves over 10,000 people annually through its curriculum programs leading to degrees, diplomas, and certificates and its Continuing Education programs, including Adult Basic Skills. The College also partners with local business and industry to support economic development initiatives. 
Academics.
The college awards associates degrees, diplomas, and certificates in over thirty-five programs of study in the fields of science, technology, engineering, mathematics as well as fine arts and technical areas. It also offers a college-university transfer program for students who want to pursue bachelors' degrees at four-year institutions. Programs of note include Film and Video Production Technology, Digital Effects and Animation Technology, and Gunsmithing. High school students also receive college-level instruction through special programs prescribed by the NC General Assembly.
Piedmont Community College is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award associate degrees, diplomas and certificates. Contact the Commission on Colleges at 1866 Southern Lane, Decatur, Georgia 30033-4097 or call 404-679-4500 for questions about the accreditation of Piedmont Community College. The Commission is to be contacted only if there is evidence that appears to support an institution’s significant non-compliance with a requirement or standard. In addition to this regional accreditation, individual programs have accreditation or licensing board criteria as listed in the college catalog or at www.piedmontcc.edu. Copies of these accreditations can be obtained from the Office of Research and Institutional Effectiveness (Person County Campus, Room B115).
History.
In 1970, progressive minded citizens in Person County recognized the need for a local institution to offer job training and educational opportunities for high school graduates and other adults. Person County Technical Institute began with the appointment of a Board of Trustees, operating under the North Carolina State Board of Education and the Department of Community Colleges. 
The Institute began operation on July 1, 1970, with the first full-time students enrolling on September 23, 1970. During the general election of November 1970, the citizens of Person County approved a referendum authorizing local financial support and endorsing a charter to be issued to Person Technical Institute. 
Name Changes 
May 1971: Person Technical Institute became Piedmont Technical Institute. 
October 1979: Piedmont Technical Institute became Piedmont Technical College. 
January 1988: Piedmont Technical College name changed to Piedmont Community College. 
Campus Growth 
July 1974: The Board of Trustees requested that the County Commissioners authorize a $2.5 million bond issue. The voters of Person County showed overwhelming support for the bond issue in November 1974. The Person County Campus facilities were built, and the institution moved to its permanent campus in November 1977. The campus was formally dedicated on June 4, 1978. 
Effective July 1, 1985, Piedmont Technical College was designated by the North Carolina General Assembly as the primary service provider for Caswell County. The initial building on the Caswell County Campus was constructed on property provided by the Caswell County Board of Commissioners after funds were allocated through special appropriations from the North Carolina General Assembly. 
November 1993: A positive vote of the citizens of North Carolina resulted in additions to both campuses that were approved for construction by the Board of Trustees from 1995-1997. The Adult Learning Center addition to the Caswell County Campus, occupied in 1997, nearly doubled the size of the Caswell County Campus facilities. The new Classroom/Faculty Office Building on the Person County Campus opened in 1998. 
Summer 2000: The Student Success Center (renamed the Academic Success Center in fall 2009) began providing educational support services to students in addition to providing access to computers and the Internet. 
October 2000: The Science Lab Initiative, led by the PCC Foundation, resulted in the renovation of science labs on the Person County Campus, equipping the labs with modern equipment and technology. 
November 2000: North Carolina citizens approved a $3.1 billion Higher Education Bond, providing $600 million to colleges in the North Carolina Community College System for new construction and for repair and renovation of existing facilities. 
2005-2010: Resulting facility improvements on the Person County Campus included the renovation of the gymnasium to house the Learning Resources Center and Distance Education in 2005. In 2006, the former location of the Learning Resources Center was renovated to house Student Development services in one location, as well as to provide office space for two Continuing Education programs, Human Resources Development, and Adult Basic Skills. The Student Center was remodeled to include a new entrance, additional restrooms, and other upgrades. 
On the Caswell County Campus, an additional classroom building was constructed in 2006 with special facilities to accommodate two of the College’s signature programs, Film and Video Production Technology and Digital Effects and Animation Technology. 
In 2009, the Technical Education Building was constructed on the Person County Campus. 
Other Milestones 
The Piedmont Technical Institute Foundation (now known as the Piedmont Community College Foundation) was organized in December 1978 to support the students, faculty, and staff of the College through private solicitation of financial support. 
The College opened a business incubator at its Small Business Center in uptown Roxboro in 1994 to assist new businesses in getting started. The Center now operates as the Business Development and Entrepreneurship Center. 
Piedmont Community College, along with all community colleges in the state, converted from the quarter system to the semester system of instruction in the fall of 1997. 
The PCC Alumni Partnership was organized in 2004 to engage alumni in ongoing support of the College. 
The College was designated multi-campus status in May 2005, which increased the resources available to the Caswell County Campus. 
A model of cooperation has been developed among the College, the Person and Caswell County Boards of Education, and the Person and Caswell County Boards of Commissioners. This model enhances the 
capability of the College to provide post-secondary education, and job training opportunities to new and expanding industries in Person and Caswell Counties. 
Campuses.
Main Campus.
The main campus is located at 1715 College Drive, in Roxboro near Northern Middle School. It consists of 13 buildings, most of which contain classrooms and faculty offices. Other buildings include Student Services, Bookstore, Learning Resource Center, and a Child Care Facility.
Business Development & Entrepreneurship Center.
The business development center is located in uptown Roxboro. It provides business counseling and shared services for businesses in the early stages of development.
Caswell Campus.
The Caswell campus is located at 331 Piedmont Drive, in Yanceyville off NC 62.

</doc>
<doc id="5938033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938033" title="Joking Apart (play)">
Joking Apart (play)

Joking Apart is a 1978 play by English playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It was written in response to comments that Ayckbourn only ever wrote about unhappy couples. In this play, Richard and Anthea are a perfectly happy married couple, who inadvertently worsen the lives of those around them.

</doc>
<doc id="5938035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938035" title="List of minor planets/121501–121600">
List of minor planets/121501–121600


</doc>
<doc id="5938041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938041" title="Quixadá">
Quixadá

Quixadá is a town and municipality in the state of Ceará, in Brazil. Located at around , it was founded in 1870. Its population was of 80,605 residents in 2010, according to the Brazilian census. It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Quixadá.
Sports.
Quixadá Futebol Clube is the town's soccer club.
Quixadá is a major paragliding spot in Brazil. It is famous for many flight distance world record breaks in the last years, and attracts pilots from around the world every November when potential record-breaking conditions set up.
Hang gliding and climbing are other extreme sports popular in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="5938047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938047" title="List of minor planets/121601–121700">
List of minor planets/121601–121700


</doc>
<doc id="5938050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938050" title="Edward Knatchbull-Hugessen, 1st Baron Brabourne">
Edward Knatchbull-Hugessen, 1st Baron Brabourne

Edward Hugessen Knatchbull-Hugessen, 1st Baron Brabourne, PC (29 April 1829 – 6 February 1893), known as E. H. Knatchbull-Hugessen, was a British Liberal politician. He served as Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department under Lord Russell in 1866 and under William Ewart Gladstone from 1868 to 1871 and was also Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies under Gladstone from 1871 to 1874. In 1880 he was elevated to the peerage as Baron Brabourne.
Background and education.
Born Edward Hugessen Knatchbull, he was the younger son of Sir Edward Knatchbull, 9th Baronet, who twice served as Paymaster-General, and his second wife Fanny Catherine Knight, who was a niece of author Jane Austen. In 1849 he assumed by Royal license the additional surname of Hugessen, which was the maiden surname of his father's mother. Knatchbull-Hugessen was educated at Eton and Magdalen College, Oxford, where he was President of the Oxford Union.
Political career.
In 1857 Knatchbull-Hugessen was elected Member of Parliament for Sandwich, a seat he would hold until 1880. He served as a Lord of the Treasury under Lord Palmerston from 1859 to 1860, as Under-Secretary of State for Home Affairs under Lord Russell in 1866 and under Gladstone from 1868 to 1871 and as Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies under Gladstone from 1871 to 1874. He was admitted to the Privy Council in 1873 and raised to the peerage as Baron Brabourne, of Brabourne in the County of Kent, in 1880.
Brabourne edited the first edition of Jane Austen's letters, published in 1884. This edition included about two-thirds of her surviving letters, and was dedicated to Queen Victoria. He inherited the letters after his mother's death in December 1882. He also wrote short stories, one of which was published in "The Gentlewoman" in December 1891.
He died on 6 February 1893 at Smeeth Paddocks, and was buried at Smeeth, Kent, on 9 February.
Family.
He was twice married: first, on 19 October 1852, at St. Stephen's, Hertfordshire, to Anna Maria Elizabeth, younger daughter of the Rev. Marcus Richard Southwell, vicar of that church, by whom he had two sons and two daughters:
Lady Brabourne died on 2 May 1889, and on 3 June 1890 Lord Brabourne remarried Ethel Mary Walker, daughter of Colonel Sir George Gustavus Walker. 
They had two children:
Lord Brabourne was succeeded by his eldest son from his first marriage, Edward.

</doc>
<doc id="5938059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938059" title="List of minor planets/121701–121800">
List of minor planets/121701–121800


</doc>
<doc id="5938070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938070" title="Danny Ventre">
Danny Ventre

Daniel James Ventre (born 23 January 1986 in Liverpool) is an English footballer who plays for Derry City in the League of Ireland. He has previously played in the Football League for Accrington Stanley, and from 2007 to 2013 had played in the League of Ireland for Sligo Rovers.
Career.
England.
His only previous clubs were Accrington Stanley and Chester City, although he only made first-team appearances for Accrington. He helped Stanley win the Conference National in 2005–06 and played for them in the Football League the following season.
Accrington Stanley.
Ventre joined Accrington Stanley after a successful trial period in 2005 after his release from Chester City. He went onto appear 15 times for Accrington Stanley over the Conference winning season at the age of 19. After Promotion to the Football League he earned a one-year contract. Ventre could not force his way into the first team so went out on a one-month loan to Southport playing three games. He was recalled back to Accrington Stanley where he broke into the first team. He played four games before he took a bad fall in a game against Bury on Boxing day 2006 fracturing his left leg. He was out injured for 10 weeks. Ventre appeared once more time for Stanley, before being released to find regular first team football.
Sligo Rovers.
Ventre joined Sligo Rovers in July 2007 and made his debut against Shamrock Rovers, which Sligo Rovers went on to win 2–0. He scored his first goal for the Bit o' Red against Cobh Ramblers earlier this season scoring Sligo's second goal in a 3–1 victory. Ventre has captained the team on many occasions including in the 2009 FAI Cup final defeat and was one of three players that captained the club during the 2010 season who lifted both the FAI Cup and League of Ireland Cup trophies. The fans voted him as their player of the year for the 2009 season. His first goal came against Shelbourne in the previous round of the League Cup, while his first league goal came against Bray Wanderers in September. The 2012 season saw him captain Sligo Rovers to their first title in 37 years.
Derry City.
Ventre then joined Derry City from Sligo Rovers on 18 December.
Honours.
Accrington Stanley
Sligo Rovers
Career statistics.
Club.
"Correct as of 7 November 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="5938071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938071" title="List of minor planets/121801–121900">
List of minor planets/121801–121900


</doc>
<doc id="5938077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938077" title="Bacabal">
Bacabal

Bacabal is a city in Maranhão, Brazil. It is located at around , some 250 km south of the state capital São Luís. The city proper has a population of 95,924 (IBGE 2007 estimate). It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bacabal.

</doc>
<doc id="5938081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938081" title="Season's Greetings (play)">
Season's Greetings (play)

"Season's Greetings" is a 1980 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is a black, though often farcical, comedy about a dysfunctional family Christmas, set over Christmas Eve, Christmas Day and Boxing Day in an average English suburban house.
Characters.
The characters seen on stage are the nine adults present in the house. All of the children present in the house are off-stage characters, although a few productions have been known to use child actors.
The nine adults are:
Plot.
The play begins on Christmas Eve. Harvey and Bernard argue over the violence shown in a film on TV while Neville and Eddie obsess over building remote controlled Christmas Tree lights; all the men largely ignoring their wives. Rachel becomes anxious over the late arrival of Clive, eventually leaving the house to look for him. When Clive arrives he meets Belinda and they swiftly develop a mutual attraction.
Throughout Christmas Day Clive grows closer to Belinda and more distant from Rachel. Finally around midnight, after a drunken game of snakes and ladders when Belinda and Clive believe everyone has gone to bed, they attempt to have sex in the sitting room but they are thwarted when they set off a toy drumming bear which rouses everyone else.
On Boxing Day, Bernard goes through the rehearsal of a dreadful puppet production of "The Three Little Pigs". But after only two of the sixteen scenes, Harvey grabs the puppets and begins a fight, enraging Bernard.
On the 27th, Clive tries to sneak off first thing in the morning but Harvey shoots him, mistaking him for a looter. Bernard incompetently pronounces him dead. When Clive recovers, he is taken to hospital, leaving Neville and Belinda together, Neville having chosen to ignore what happened.
Productions.
Premières.
"Season's Greetings" was premièred on 25 September 1980 at the Stephen Joseph Theatre (then at the Westwood site), with the following cast:
The creative team was:
The play was shown again the following year, with the play partially recast.
The year after that, the play received its London première and the Greenwich Theatre on 28 January 1982, before transferring to the West End at the Apollo Theatre on 29 March 1982. It ran until 18 September 1982.
Revivals.
"Season's Greetings" has had numerous revivals in professional theatre, including a 2004 touring revival directed by Ayckbourn himself for the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre.
A London revival was staged at the Royal National Theatre in December 2010 and ran until March 2011
Adaptations.
In 1986 the BBC produced a television version of the play. It featured Michael Cashman, Barbara Flynn, Nicky Henson, Anna Massey, Geoffrey Palmer, Lesley Dunlop and Peter Vaughan. It was directed by Michael A. Simpson.

</doc>
<doc id="5938085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938085" title="Malchow">
Malchow

Malchow (, Polish "Malechow") is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
Geography.
It is situated on the river Elde, 25,5 km west of Waren, and 35 km north of Wittstock.
History.
The site of Malchow was a center for Slavic paganism during the Middle Ages. It was sacked by Saxons during the 1147 Wendish Crusade against the Polabian Slavs. 
The German town of Malchow, founded on an island between the Plauer See (Lake) and Fleesensee, was first mentioned in writing in 1147 and received a town charter under Schwerin Law in 1235. 
In 1298, Malchow Abbey, a Cistercian nunnery, moved to the south shore of the Malchower See, opposite the island. Over several following centuries, the town expanded to the mainland in the northwest, to which the original settlement was linked by a succession of bridges, and gradually this mainland settlement came to predominate.
A munitions factory of the Alfed Nobel Co. was established in Malchow in 1938, during the Nazi period, and during World War II hundreds of prisoners of war and also women and children were used as forced labor there. In 1943, the Ravensbrück concentration camp extended to Malchow, and during the next two years many inmates, including numerous Hungarian Jewish women, lost their lives there under appalling conditions. 
After the war, Soviet Occupation authorities accused some 30 teen-aged Malchow residents of anti-Soviet activities, and 12 of these eventually lost their lives in Soviet captivity or were executed.
After the reunification of Germany in 1990, the historic town center of Malchow was extensively restored. Today the former Cistercian abbey houses the Mecklenburg Organ Museum.
Natural environment.
The town is surrounded by the lakes of the "Mecklenburgische Seenplatte" and the woods of the Müritz National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="5938086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938086" title="List of minor planets/121901–122000">
List of minor planets/121901–122000


</doc>
<doc id="5938089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938089" title="Unrooted Childhoods">
Unrooted Childhoods

Unrooted Childhoods: Memoirs of Growing up Global is a book of memoirs of people who grew up in multiple countries, or moving frequently between distant regions within the same country, also known as third culture kids, and is edited by Faith Eidse and Nina Sichel. It documents the life (including the unique challenges, feelings of difference/outsiderism, and gifts) of growing up in multiple nations, cultures, and language-regions by weaving the individual memoirs of notable and also unknown writers, notables include Eidse, Sichel, Isabel Allende, Marie Arana, Pat Conroy, Pico Iyer, and many others into one book. It was published in 2003.
Primary authors.
Faith Eidse is an award-winning writer and author. The recipient of the Kingsbury Award and nominated for the Bellwether Prize, she grew up in Congo/Zaire, Canada, and the United States. Nina Sichel, born in the U.S. and raised in Venezuela, is a writer, former editor and ESL teacher.
Reception.
The literary review "Booklist" said that writings in the book "including that by Isabel Allende, Ariel Dorfman, and Tara Bahrampour, and military brat Pat Conroy speak eloquently about the pain and also the riches of the search for home". The same review was also somewhat critical of the wistful tone of some of the other writers.

</doc>
<doc id="5938091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938091" title="Boris Grabovsky">
Boris Grabovsky

Boris Pavlovich Grabovsky was a Soviet engineer who invented the a fully electronic TV transmitting tube and demonstrated it in 1928 (Philo Farnsworth had demonstrated his in 1927).
Boris Grabovsky was born on May 26, 1901 in Tobolsk, Siberia, where his father, a prominent Ukrainian poet Pavlo Hrabovsky was living in exile as a member of the Russian revolutionary movement Narodnaya Volya. After the death of his father the next year, the family moved to Odessa then to Kharkov. In 1917, they had to move to Central Asia, to Kyrgyz village Tokmak. He died in January 1966.
Boris Grabovsky started his education in Tashkent special school. Then he entered preparational faculty of Central Asian University in Tashkent where he worked with Prof. G. Popov. In the university he read articles by Boris Rosing in the field of electronic telescopy. Being excited by the idea of the transmission of images over a distance, he invented the cathode commutator, which was the first prototype of his transmitting tube.

</doc>
<doc id="5938098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938098" title="Josef Ludwig von Armansperg">
Josef Ludwig von Armansperg

Josef Ludwig, Graf von Armansperg (Κόμης Ιωσήφ Λουδοβίκος Άρμανσμπεργκ) (28 February 1787 - 3 April 1853) served as the Interior and Finance Minister (1826-1828) and Foreign and Finance Minister (1828-1831) under King Ludwig I of Bavaria in the government of Bavaria. He was a liberal monarchist and an economic conservative who promoted the unification of Germany with his attempts at a tariff union. Later he served as Regent of Greece for the underage Bavarian-born king and as his Prime Minister.
Early life.
Von Armansperg was born in Kötzting, Lower Bavaria in 1787. In the Napoleonic Wars, in 1813 - 1814, he was Commissioner of Bavaria in the allied army, and belonged to the board which governed the conquered regions on the Rhine River. He participated in the Congress of Vienna in 1815, and was one of the plenipotentiaries with the allied army during the occupation of France, and administered a large district of that country. In 1825 he was chosen President of the Bavarian Chamber of Deputies, and became leader of the moderate opposition. King Ludwig of Bavaria made him Finance Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs. He was one of the founders of the German Zollverein, a tariff union instrumental in advancing German unification. By his opposition to the Catholic ultramontanes, he forfeited the confidence of the king, and retired into private life.
In Greece.
When King Ludwig's son Otto was offered the Greek throne in 1832, King Ludwig made von Armansperg the President of the Privy Council and the 1st representative (or Prime Minister) of the new government. The other members of the Regency Council were Karl von Abel and Georg Ludwig von Maurer with whom von Armansperg clashed often. After the King reached his majority in 1835, von Armansperg was made Arch-Secretary but was called Arch-Chancellor by the Greek press. Von Armansperg became an almost independent political actor in Greek politics as time went on; finding himself increasingly at odds with the king he was sent to support and advise. The situation came to a head when Otto was in Bavaria for his wedding to Queen Amalia and the king discovered that his physician had been sending dispatches (presumably at the behest of von Armansperg) to the king's father describing young Otto as deranged.
In 1837, von Armansperg was dismissed from his post and he returned to the von Armansperg residence of "Schloss Egg" near Deggendorf in Lower Bavaria. He died in 1853 in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="5938106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938106" title="Daniel Clark (Canadian politician and actor)">
Daniel Clark (Canadian politician and actor)

Daniel Clark was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, on June 21, 1976. Beginning in 1986 he was a featured player on the Canadian children's series "OWL/TV", which aired on CBC Television in Canada and PBS in the United States. Initially only doing voice overs for the show, within a year he was chosen to play the lead role of 'Daniel', sidekick to wisecracking skeleton Boneapart on the 'You and Your Body' segments.
He completed two seasons on the children's program. However, the show was aimed at a narrow age demographic, and he became too old for the role.
Clark faded from public view for 12 years, during which, he attended Toronto's Upper Canada College, York Mills Collegiate Institute (which is where he completed his Ontario Secondary School Diploma as an Ontario Scholar) and Dalhousie University.
Clark first foray into politics was working for Minister of Immigration Barbara McDougall in the 1988 federal election, and in numerous campaigns for the Progressive Conservative Party in the following years.
In 1996, he became President of the Dalhousie Progressive Conservative Youth, a position he held until 1998. In 1999, he was in charge of scheduling for Dr. John Hamm's campaign for the 1999 Nova Scotia election, which resulted in Dr. Hamm becoming Premier.
In 2000, Clark returned to public life. He was approached by the Progressive Conservative Party and their leader Joe Clark to be the candidate in Timmins—James Bay for the 2000 federal election.
Clark was not from Timmins and never set foot in the riding before one week into the election. He finished a distant fourth.
Clark has since pursued a career in pharmaceuticals, working for both Pharmacia and Hoffmann-La Roche. From 2005-2007 he served as a member of the Dalhousie University Board of Governors. In 2008 he graduated on the Dean's list from the Queen's University MBA Program. Daniel worked for Capital One in Toronto. He is currently pursuing entrepreneurial interests, as owner/operator of a "fish and chips" restaurant in Keswick, Ontario.
In 2007, he published a study in the Canadian Medical Association Journal with Patrick McGrath and Noni MacDonald looking at the attitudes of Members of Parliament towards health research. In that same year he participated on the Queen's team for the Tata-Schulich Case Competition. The team placed third, but Daniel was given the Best Individual Presenter award.

</doc>
<doc id="5938107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938107" title="Codó">
Codó

Codó is a city in Maranhão, Brazil. It is located at around . It has a population of over 118,000 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="5938110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938110" title="There There">
There There

"There There", stylised as "There there." on the CD single art, is a song by the English rock band Radiohead, featured on their album "Hail to the Thief" (2003) and released prior to the album as its first single. "There There" reached number four in the UK Singles Chart and number one in Canada. It also received moderate airplay from US modern rock stations peaking at number fourteen on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance, making it the band's most successful single on the radio since "Optimistic" in 2000. On "Hail to the Thief" the song, like others, is given a subtitle: "The Boney King of Nowhere".
In 2008, the song was featured on "", a compilation album.
Musical style.
Like many Radiohead songs of the 2000s, "There There" is described by the band as heavily indebted to the band Can, whose songs Radiohead have also covered. The track made lead singer Thom Yorke burst into tears when he heard it in its completed, mixed and mastered state. Live performances of "There There" usually begin with Phil Selway, Jonny Greenwood and Ed O'Brien on drums. The song has frequently been a concert opener since 2002, when it made its official debut as part of a tour of Portugal and Spain. A rough version of the song was premiered live during an Internet webcast by Radiohead in early February 2000; a demo of a more complete, but still early arrangement of the song appeared as a b-side in 2003 on the single "2 + 2 = 5". The song has also been performed solo on acoustic guitar by Thom Yorke on several occasions, beginning at Neil Young's Bridge School Benefit in October 2002. This single has been released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions.
Themes and video.
The alternate title for the song as listed on the track listing for the album is "The Boney King of Nowhere". This is a reference to a song from Episode 2 ("The Owls of Athens") of the British children's television show "Bagpuss", of which Yorke and his young son are professed fans. A "Bagpuss"-inspired music video was filmed for "There There". The music video shows singer Thom Yorke enter a forest and find many creatures involved in human-like activities, like a pair of cats getting married, two squirrels sitting by a fireplace and smoking pipes, etc. He goes from one scene to another, each one increasing in luminosity. Finally, he arrives at a clearing where a golden jacket hangs from a tree. He puts the jacket on and also a pair of golden shoes hidden inside the tree. Doing so, he awakens the crows, who chase and attack him. The shoes appear to give him extra speed, but become tangled on the ground. When the shoes fall off his feet, his feet turn to tree roots upon touching the ground, followed by the rest of his body which turns into wood, also tearing Yorke's pants. Yorke becomes a tree in which the crows rest on the branches. The camera pans down to reveal Yorke's still, screaming face on the tree Yorke transformed into.
The video was directed by Chris Hopewell. Yorke had originally hoped that "Bagpuss" creator Oliver Postgate would agree to direct it, but Postgate (who was 78 years old and retired) declined his request. The video was filmed at one-quarter regular speed; it looks jumpy, as if some of the frames are missing. The video received an award for art direction at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards.
Demo version.
A demo version appears on the single "2 + 2 = 5" released in 2003. It was the only "Hail to the Thief" b-side not to appear on the "COM LAG (2plus2isfive)" EP. The beginning and end are considerably longer than the version which made it onto the album, resulting in a track length of 7.45 making it one of the band's longest tracks.
Track listing.
CD & 12":
B-sides.
The single for "There There" featured two B-sides: "Paperbag Writer" and "Where Bluebirds Fly". "Paperbag Writer" was created mostly by Yorke, with band member Colin Greenwood adding a bassline. "Where Bluebirds Fly", an electronic piece with wordless vocals, was originally heard as the band's entrance music for their 2002 tour. It has received one live performance: in March 2005, Yorke performed it in London at the UK Ether Festival with the Arab Orchestra of Nazareth, soloist Lubna Salame, the London Sinfonietta, and band member Jonny Greenwood playing the ondes Martenot.

</doc>
<doc id="5938114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938114" title="Reverence (music festival)">
Reverence (music festival)

Reverence was an electronic music festival, held annually in Madison, Wisconsin, United States 2003-2009. Showcasing primarily aggrotech, electro-industrial and synthpop bands, it has included other electronic dance music genres as well. Originally a single daylong event, it now has expanded to multiple days and venues.
The festival has featured artists such as Voltaire, Null Device, Boole, Iris, Epsilon Minus and Stromkern.

</doc>
<doc id="5938123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938123" title="Mark Higgs">
Mark Higgs

Mark Deyon Higgs (born April 11, 1966 in Owensboro, Kentucky) is a former American football running back in the National Football League who led the Miami Dolphins in rushing from 1991-1993. He is the brother of National Basketball Association point guard Kenny Higgs.
Youth and college career.
Though Higgs was constantly discouraged from playing football due to his size (5'7", 195 lbs), he went on to surpass many of the rushing records at Owensboro (Senior) High School. Recruited to the University of Kentucky, Higgs earned the best average per rushing attempt (5.43), and became UK's third all-time rusher, earning Higgs a spot in the University of Kentucky's Hall of Fame in 2005.
NFL career.
Higgs was drafted in the eighth round of the 1988 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys, where he only played five games before departing to the Philadelphia Eagles for the 1989 season. He joined the Dolphins as a free agent prior to the 1990 season. Prior to the beginning of the 1991 season, Higgs was named the starter, replacing an injured Sammie Smith. Higgs remained the starter, even after Smith returned from his injury.
During the 1993 NFL season, Higgs was replaced as the team's starting running back by Terry Kirby. Higgs had led the team in rushing for the three consecutive seasons with totals of 905, 915 and 693 yards, a consecutive feat that had only been matched in the past by Larry Csonka. After leaving the Dolphins, Higgs spent his last two years with the Arizona Cardinals. He retired following the 1995 season after a hit resulted in a back injury that kept him out of the season for 13 weeks.
Career highlights.
Owensboro (Senior) High School, 1980-1983,.
Higgs is one of three family members to hold top scoring records at Owensboro High School. Higgs is the younger brother of retired Cleveland Cavaliers/Denver Nuggets guard Kenny Higgs, who is the all-time leading scorer of the Red Devils' basketball team (1,833). His cousin Dwight Higgs, a former Euroleague basketball guard and three time Division II All-American (Kentucky Wesleyan), holds the OHS record for most points scored in a single season (887), and is the #7 overall scorer. Dwight's younger brother Bobby is also a top 20 career scorer at Owensboro High, ranking at #15."
Life after football.
Higgs began his own business, M and T Transportation, Inc, in 1998. He joined the Miami Dolphins Alumni Association’s advisory board in 2002, and is a frequent visitor to the Dolphins' radio show. In 2007, he became the running backs coach for Miami Central High School.

</doc>
<doc id="5938124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938124" title="Body Language (play)">
Body Language (play)

Body Language is a 1990 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is about two women, one thin and one fat, who have their bodies swapped as a result of a botched operation.

</doc>
<doc id="5938125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938125" title="Eduardo Sebrango">
Eduardo Sebrango

Eduardo Sebrango (born 13 April 1973) is a retired Cuban footballer who last played for Montreal Impact in Major League Soccer.
Career.
Club.
Sebrango started his career in Cuba with his hometown team, Sancti Spíritus where he played with the club for 14 seasons as both a youth and a senior player.
Sebrango immigrated from Cuba to Canada in 1998, and was subsequently signed by the Vancouver 86ers of the then A-League. He scored 18 goals and recorded 10 assists for Vancouver before being signed by Hershey Wildcats in 2001.
In 2002 Sebrango was signed by Montreal Impact, and in his first season he scored 18 goals in 28 games and was named to the USL First Division All-Star Team. In 2004 Sebrango helped the Impact lift the USL First Division championship trophy as the Impact defeated the Seattle Sounders 2-0 on 18 September. During the regular season, Sebrango contributed eight goals and three assists. In total Sebrango appeared in 83 games, notching 36 goals and six assists making him the second All-Time scorer for the club.
In 2006 Sebrango was traded to the Vancouver Whitecaps FC in exchange for Daniel Antoniuk. With the 'Caps he played an important playoff role where he scored a goal in 2-0 victory over the Miami FC. In the semi-final game he scored a memorable goal against his former team Montreal Impact which the Caps won 2-0. Unfortunately, Sebrango was ejected from the game after scoring his goal for excessive celebration for removing his shirt, and was suspended for the final. With Sebrango in the stands his team were able to win the USL First Division Championship beating the Rochester Raging Rhinos 3-0, his third title with three different teams.
In 2008 Sebrango led the Whitecaps in regular season scoring with 12 goals and three assists for 27 points in 29 matches. Sebrango also had two goals in three Nutrilite Canadian Championship games and two goals in five playoff matches. He played a significant role to help the Whitecaps win their second USL First Division championship in three years.
On 30 September 2008 was called up for the USL First Division All-League Team.
In November 2008, Sebrango was signed once again by Montreal Impact. In his first appearance back with the Impact, Sebrango scored Montreal's two goals in the first game of the CONCACAF Champions League quarterfinal against Santos Laguna.
During the 2009 USL season Sebrango contributed by helping the Impact clinch a playoff spot under new head coach Marc Dos Santos. On 22 July Sebrango scored both his 99th and 100th career goals in the USL First Division in a thrilling 4-1 victory over the Cleveland City Stars. In the playoffs he recorded his first goal in the second match against the Puerto Rico Islanders of the semifinals. He scored the winning goal for the Impact in a 2-1 victory which allowed the Impact to advance to the finals. In the playoffs their opponents would end up being the Vancouver Whitecaps FC this marking the first time in USL history where the final match would consist of two Canadian clubs. On 10 October 2009 in the first match of the finals Sebrango scored once again the winning goal in 3-2 victory at Vancouver. Montreal would later on win the second match to a score of 3-1, thus making Montreal win the series 6-3 on aggregate. The victory gave the Impact their third USL Championship and also the victory marked Sebrango's league record fifth USL Championship (including the USL's predecessor, the A-League).
Sebrango retired before the 2011 season but then re-joined Montreal in mid-season 2011. The following year Sebrango moved with Montreal Impact to Major League Soccer as the club became the 19th team in MLS.
Sebrango announced his (second) retirement on 1 November 2012 following Montreal Impact's inaugural season in MLS. He has signed with semi-pro Division 3 side FC L'Assomption of the Première Ligue de soccer du Québec for the 2013 season.
International.
Sebrango was a regular with the Cuban national team, and played 24 games scoring 16 goals for the team prior to immigrating to Canada.
Personal.
Following his departure from Cuba, Sebrango became a Canadian citizen. However he was ineligible to play for the Canadian national team due to his prior appearances for Cuba. Sebrango completed a degree in physical education at Filial Universitaria in Sancti Spiritus, Cuba. While it has frequently been misreported by the media, Eduardo did not defect from Cuba but rather immigrated to Canada as a permanent resident. He remains proud of his country and heritage and returns to Cuba often to be with his family.
In addition to his playing career, Sebrango is a coach for the North Shore Player Premier Program Club, coaching the U-14 Metro Selects Club.

</doc>
<doc id="5938126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938126" title="C. Terry Warner">
C. Terry Warner

C. Terry Warner is an American academic, author and business consultant. He wrote the book "Bonds That Make Us Free" and founded the Arbinger Institute which does consulting and training based on his academic work on the foundations of human behavior and self-deception. In writings and seminars, Warner argues that we are responsible for our own actions and even negative emotions which we often use to accuse others rather than responding to their needs. We therefore have the power to free our relationships with others from negativity.
Warner holds a Ph.D. from Yale University and is a professor emeritus of philosophy at Brigham Young University. In 1967 he joined the faculty at Brigham Young University, where he served as chair of the Philosophy Department, director of the Honors Program, and dean of the College of General Studies. He was a visiting senior member of Linacre College, Oxford University.
"Bonds that Make Us Free".
Warner's book "Bonds that Make Us Free: Healing Our Relationships, Coming to Ourselves" is a self-help book that focuses on repairing damaged relationships and finding joy. In a review in "Journal of Marital and Family Therapy," Tom Milholland says that Warner "uses an amazing blend of philosophy, theology, and psychology to provide insight and solutions..." The key concept underlying the book is faith-based—"to do exactly what we sense is right toward all living creatures, including God...pursuing a life of goodness." (p. 319) Warner says that individuals must reconcile conflicts between their beliefs and their actions to find peace within themselves and reconciliation with others. When people respond openly to the needs of others, rather than justifying their own position, these new bonds make them free.
The Education in Zion Project.
Dr. Warner was the founding curator and exhibit director of the Education in Zion Gallery at Brigham Young University until he retired in 2009. The permanent exhibition, "Education in Zion", tells the history of education in the LDS Church, beginning with the spiritual and secular education of Joseph Smith, and continuing through the foundation of educational institutions throughout Church's Kirtland and Nauvoo years, its migration to the Mountain West, and its ultimate worldwide expansion. 
The gallery also has rotating exhibitions. The current staff works with various departments and professors on campus to integrate topics and materials that can be used across campus by multiple disciplines. 
The exhibition opened in the summer of 2008 and is in the Joseph F. Smith Building on Brigham Young University campus. For more information on the gallery, visit educationinzion.byu.edu.

</doc>
<doc id="5938128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938128" title="Sartana">
Sartana

Sartana is the name of a Spaghetti Western character who was introduced in If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death, directed by Gianfranco Parolini (aka Frank Kramer). Giuliano Carnimeo (aka Anthony Ascott) directed four other movies featuring what is basically the same character. Sartana was played by Gianni Garko in all but one of these films. His depiction of Sartana has maintained a cult following among Spaghetti Western fans.
Other Spaghetti Western films were made with characters that were named Sartana but were quite different in style and motivation.
The "Sartana" series.
The original "Sartana" movies are:
The Sartana character is consistent throughout the original series. He is dressed in a black suit with a vest, white shirt and tie and a long black coat and likes to frequent gambling houses. He is surrounded by mystery, and he also uses this mystery as a weapon to unnerve his opponents – a melody from the musical watch of a dead man coming from nowhere, and answering the door one finds a corpse or a coffin. One pursues Sartana and finds only his clothes. He suddenly appears where it is improbable, or even physically impossible.
He uses trick weapons, like a derringer with double chambers, smoke bombs, throwing knives and even a robot (named Alfie). He swings a watch of lead or shoots cannon balls and bullets from the pipes of an organ or uses playing cards as throwing weapons. He also employs elaborated set piece traps.
In "If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death", where people are killing each other over an elusive shipment of gold, we never know for sure whether he is an insurance agent or he will keep the gold for himself. In "I Am Sartana Your Angel of Death" he is framed for a bank robbery and hunted by bounty killers but after exposing the real guilty party (the banker himself) Sartana (and his partner) leave with the loot. Similarly, in the other original Sartana films the characters are motivated by money and it always ends up in the hands of Sartana - who might share it with someone else.
The original Sartana films have a high body count and much action. For example, during the 90 minutes of "If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death", at least 80 persons are killed, including all the named characters except Sartana and his sidekick, the town undertaker! In this and the other Parolini/Carnimeo films, Sartana is confronted by one or several town bosses (male or female) and also a leader of a (most often Mexican) gang, as well as gunmen arriving to challenge him. There is also a gunfighter (most often blond and blue-eyed) that is almost the equal of Sartana. The latter may have a friend that assists him, but otherwise all parties successively ally with and betray each other in order to obtain some monetary object.
Character basis.
Gianni Garko played a character named Sartana in the 1967 Spaghetti Western, "Mille dollari sul nero" (also known as "Blood at Sundown"). This "pre-Sartana" is the evil brother of the hero and wears a Union army jacket, not a suit. According to Garko this film was very successful in Germany using the title "Sartana" and the film producer Aldo Addobbati contracted him to play a hero with that name in a new film. Garko rejected some scripts with vengeance stories and instead suggested that a hero using cunning and motivated by money, not passion, would be more in line with the current audience taste. The trick weapons and other gadgets used by Sartana, and the mystery surrounding the character were contributions from the director Parolini, who was inspired by James Bond movies and also by the cartoon Mandrake the Magician. 
The Sartana character has a certain affinity with the Man with No Name hero of Sergio Leone's first western "A Fistful of Dollars" in as far as he gives or sells (false) information that is designed to pit the other parties against each other and promote his own interests. However, he is still more close to Colonel Mortimer, the second protagonist in Leone's next Western, "For a Few Dollars More". For example, Mortimer also has a set of special weapons, including a derringer which also is the choice weapon of Sartana. Furthermore, Mortimer carries a mystery, a secret vengeance motive. In terms of dress code, the Sartana hero also follows Col. Mortimer closely, except that the suite of Sartana is a bit more elegant in accordance with his more elegant social surroundings - establishments with lush interiors complete with saloon girls in long dresses and can-can dancing - compared to more mundane interiors in Leone's Westerns.
The story lines of the original Sartana films – with their frantic row of betrayals – owe a lot to Sergio Leone's third Western, "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly". Besides the original Sartana cycle, this film inspired several other Spaghetti Westerns featuring multiple betrayals though none of them presented such a charismatic main character.
Other "Sartana" films.
Just like other Spaghetti Western characters like Django, Trinity, Sabata, and Ringo, Sartana inspired numerous sequels, hoping to cash in on the success and popularity of the character. In many cases, the Sartana in these movies bore little resemblance to Garko's (and Hilton's) interpretations in the original film cycle. In other cases, the name "Sartana" was used in the film title (at least in some language versions), even if there was no Sartana character in the movie itself. In some movies, Sartana teamed up or faced off with characters named Trinity or Django. All this was common practise in the Italian commercial cinema of the time, not only in Spaghetti Westerns.
The other Spaghetti Western films that have "Sartana" in their (Italian) title are:
Among these films the three films of Fidani make a total reversal of the Carmineo/Parolini Sartana character, turning him into an unselfish crime fighter, while the two films by Mario Siciliano makes him a blond Trinity-type hero fighting long brawls or shooting at but not killing people whilst dressed in a buckskin jacket. Closest to the original is the city-dressed, money-oriented protagonist in "Django defies Sartana" who is paired with a Django character motivated by vengeance (and justice). In "Sartana Does Not Forgive" Sartana is an avenger while "Sartana in the Valley of Death" mostly plays out in a wilderness environment. You even find Sartana as a genre-typical Mexican bandit leader, played with usual gusto by Fernando Sancho, in "Prima ti perdono…poi t'ammazzo" (also known as "Stagecoach of the Condemned").
The "other" Sartana films also lack the densely packed action and colorful array of characters that are found in the original Parolini and Carnimeo cycle. Generally, they also had far less success at the box office than the original Sartana films.
In "Sartana Kills Them All" Garko plays a character named Santana, who is dressed in a brown leather jacket with fringes, not a black suite and long coat. He kills people with an ordinary six-shooter in stand up duels and there is no aura of mystery surrounding him. He doesn't even end up with the money. In fact Garko put in his contract that "Sartana" couldn't be used as the name of the character. Despite this contract, "Sartana" was used as the name of the character in non-Spanish language and non-Italian language versions of the films.
Other characters.
Following his Sartana film, Parolini made two Westerns with a hero named Sabata. Like Sartana, Sabata wears a suit and uses trick weapons. He is money-motivated and confronts a similar set up of adversaries. Fittingly enough, Sabata is played by Lee Van Cleef, who did Col Mortimer in "For a Few Dollars More". Another Parolini Western, "Indio Black", was titled "Adiós, Sabata" outside Italy. This hero is played by Yul Brynner, and wears other types of clothes, but in terms of plots and situations the film is very close to Parolini's Sabata films. In fact, a "Sabata" character (played by Charles Southwood) dressed, immaculately of course, in a white (!) suit appears in the last Carnimeo Sartana vehicle, "Sartana's Here... Trade Your Pistol for a Coffin".
Carnimeo and Garko also did "They Call Him Cemetery" (Italian: "Gli fumavano le colt….lo chiamavano Camposanto") and "His Name Was Holy Ghost" (Italian: "Uomo avvisato, mezzo ammazzato… parola di Spirito Santo"), where heroes and stories have several things in common with the original Sartana films. Carnimeo and Hilton did two films with a hero called Halleluja and two more with a hero called Tresette. These characters were based on Hilton's Sartana performance but the stories gradually turn towards more comedy, just like Spaghetti Western films generally did at the time, in response to the pyramidal success of Barboni's Trinity movies. Likewise, Carnimeo had carefully staged fist fights gradually replace the high death count of the Sartana cycle.
In numerous films, including "One Damned Day at Dawn... Django Meets Sartana!" and "Django Defies Sartana", Sartana and the Spaghetti western character Django appear side-by-side. Sartana has also been in films alongside Trinity.
Again, the Sabata, Spirito Santo and Hallelujah characters also spawned "others" that were far removed from the Parolini/Carnimeo originals.

</doc>
<doc id="5938152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938152" title="Uğur Boral">
Uğur Boral

Uğur Boral (born 14 April 1982) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Beşiktaş in the Süper Lig.
Boral is a gifted play-maker and surprises goalkeepers with his deceptive shot. He is naturally left-footed and can play as a left-sided midfielder or as a left-back, given the situation.
Club career.
Boral began his career in 1995, when he signed with the amateur club Gaziosmanpaşa Karadenizspor. In 1998, he moved to Alibeyköyspor. He was transferred to Gençlerbirliği during the 2000–01 season after his stay with Kocaelispor. In 2006, Boral signed with Fenerbahçe, where he was given the number 25 shirt. He scored two goals on his Champions League debut against CSKA Moscow on Matchday 6 of the 2007–08 season.
Boral Signed a 1-year contract for Fenerbahçe which will keep him at the club until 2012. Boral signed Samsunspor on 7 January.
International career.
Euro 2008.
He was called up to Turkey's Euro 2008 squad and started the semi-final against Germany on 25 June 2008 at St. Jakob-Park, Basel. He scored the opening goal, which was also his first for Turkey. Turkey eventually lost 3–2.

</doc>
<doc id="5938176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938176" title="Nature (philosophy)">
Nature (philosophy)

Nature is a concept with two major sets of inter-related meanings, referring on the one hand to the things which are natural, or subject to the normal working of "laws of nature", or on the other hand to the essential properties and causes of those things to be what they naturally are, or in other words the laws of nature themselves.
How to understand the meaning and significance of nature has been a consistent theme of discussion within the history of Western Civilization, in the philosophical fields of metaphysics and epistemology, as well as in theology and science. The study of natural things and the regular laws which seem to govern them, as opposed to discussion about what it means to be natural, is the area of natural science.
The word "nature" derives from Latin "nātūra", a philosophical term derived from the verb for birth, which was used as a translation for the earlier Ancient Greek term "phusis" which was derived from the verb for natural growth, for example that of a plant. Already in classical times, philosophical use of these words combined two related meanings which have in common that they refer to the way in which things happen by themselves, "naturally", without "interference" from human deliberation, divine intervention, or anything outside of what is considered normal for the natural things being considered.
Understandings of nature depend on the subject and age of the work where they appear. For example Aristotle's explanation of natural properties differs from what is meant by natural properties in modern philosophical and scientific works, which can also differ from other scientific and conventional usage.
Classical nature and Aristotelian metaphysics.
The Physics (from "physis", Greek for "nature") is Aristotle's principal work on nature. In Physics II.1, Aristotle defines a nature as "a source or cause of being moved and of being at rest in that to which it belongs primarily". In other words, a nature is the principle within a natural raw material that is the source of tendencies to change or rest in a particular way unless stopped. For example a rock would fall unless stopped. Natural things stand in contrast to artifacts, which are formed by human artifice, not because of an innate tendency. (The raw materials of a bed have no tendency to become a bed.) In terms of Aristotle's theory of four causes, the word natural is applied both to the innate potential of matter cause and the forms which the matter tends to become naturally.
According to Leo Strauss, the beginning of Western philosophy involved the "discovery or invention of nature" and the "pre-philosophical equivalent of nature" was supplied by "such notions as 'custom' or 'ways'". In ancient Greek philosophy on the other hand, Nature or natures are ways that are "really universal" "in all times and places". What makes nature different is that it presupposes not only that not all customs and ways are equal, but also that one can "find one's bearings in the cosmos" "on the basis of inquiry" (not for example on the basis of traditions or religion). To put this "discovery or invention" into the traditional terminology, what is "by nature" is contrasted to what is "by convention". The concept of nature taken this far remains a strong tradition in modern western thinking. Science, according to Strauss' commentary of Western history is the contemplation of nature, while technology was or is an attempt to imitate it.
Going further, the philosophical concept of nature or natures as a special type of causation - for example that the way particular humans are is partly caused by something called "human nature" is an essential step towards Aristotle's teaching concerning causation, which became standard in all Western philosophy until the arrival of modern science.
Whether it was intended or not, Aristotle's inquiries into this subject were long felt to have resolved the discussion about nature in favor of one solution. In this account, there are four different types of cause:
The formal and final cause are an essential part of Aristotle's "Metaphysics" - his attempt to go beyond nature and explain nature itself. In practice they imply a human-like consciousness involved in the causation of all things, even things which are not man-made. Nature itself is attributed with having aims.
The artificial, like the conventional therefore, is within this branch of Western thought, traditionally contrasted with the natural. Technology was contrasted with science, as mentioned above. And another essential aspect to this understanding of causation was the distinction between the accidental properties of a thing and the substance - another distinction which has lost favor in the modern era, after having long been widely accepted in medieval Europe.
To describe it another way, Aristotle treated organisms and other natural wholes as existing at a higher level than mere matter in motion. Aristotle's argument for formal and final causes is related to a doctrine about how it is possible that people know things: "If nothing exists apart from individual things, nothing will be intelligible; everything will be sensible, and there will be no knowledge of anything—unless it be maintained that sense-perception is knowledge". Those philosophers who disagree with this reasoning therefore also see knowledge differently from Aristotle.
Aristotle then, described nature or natures as follows, in a way quite different from modern science...
It might be argued, as indeed it has been, that this type of theory represented an oversimplifying diversion from the debates within Classical philosophy, possibly even that Aristotle saw it as a simplification or summary of the debates himself. But in any case the theory of the four causes became a standard part of any advanced education in the Middle Ages.
Modern science and laws of nature: trying to avoid metaphysics.
In contrast, Modern Science took its distinctive turn with Francis Bacon, who rejected the four distinct causes, and saw Aristotle as someone who "did proceed in such a spirit of difference and contradiction towards all antiquity: undertaking not only to frame new words of science at pleasure, but to confound and extinguish all ancient wisdom". He felt that lesser known Greek philosophers such as Democritus "who did not suppose a mind or reason in the frame of things", have been arrogantly dismissed because of Aristotelianism leading to a situation in his time wherein "the search of the physical causes hath been neglected, and passed in silence".
And so Bacon advised...
In his Novum Organum Bacon argued that the only forms or natures we should hypothesize are the "simple" (as opposed to compound) ones such as the ways in which heat, movement, etc. work. For example in aphorism 51 he writes:
Following Bacon's advice, the scientific search for the formal cause of things is now replaced by the search for "laws of nature" or "laws of physics" in all scientific thinking. To use Aristotle's well-known terminology these are descriptions of efficient cause, and not formal cause or final cause. It means modern science limits its hypothesizing about non-physical things to the assumption that there are regularities to the ways of all things which do not change.
These general laws, in other words, replace thinking about "specific" "laws", for example ""human" nature". In modern science, human nature is part of the same general scheme of cause and effect, obeying the same general laws, as all other things. The above-mentioned difference between accidental and substantial properties, and indeed knowledge and opinion, also disappear within this new approach that aimed to avoid metaphysics.
As Bacon knew, the term "laws of nature" was one taken from medieval Aristotelianism. St Thomas of Aquinas for example, defined law so that nature really was legislated to consciously achieve aims, like human law: "an ordinance of reason for the common good, made by him who has care of the community and promulgated". In contrast, roughly contemporary with Bacon, Hugo Grotius described the law of nature as "a rule that be deduced from fixed principles by a sure process of reasoning". And later still, Montesquieu was even further from the original legal metaphor, describing laws vaguely as "the necessary relations deriving from the nature of things".
One of the most important implementors of Bacon's proposal was Thomas Hobbes, whose remarks concerning nature are particularly well-known. His most famous work, Leviathan, opens with the word "Nature" and then parenthetically defines it as "the art whereby God hath made and governes the world". Despite this pious description, he follows a Baconian approach. Following his contemporary, Descartes, Hobbes describes life itself as mechanical, caused in the same way as clockwork:
On this basis, already being established in natural science in his lifetime, Hobbes sought to discuss politics and human life in terms of "laws of nature". But in the new modern approach of Bacon and Hobbes, and before them Machiavelli (who however never clothed his criticism of the Aristotelian approach in medieval terms like "laws of nature"), such laws of nature are quite different to human laws: they no longer imply any sense of better or worse, but simply how things really are, and, when in reference to laws of "human" nature, what sorts of human behavior can be most relied upon.
"Late modern" nature.
Having disconnected the term "law of nature" from the original medieval metaphor of human-made law, the term "law of nature" is now used less than in early modern times.
To take the critical example of human nature, as discussed in ethics and politics, once early modern philosophers such as Hobbes had described human nature as whatever you could expect from a mechanism called a human, the point of speaking of human nature became problematic in some contexts.
In the late 18th century, Rousseau took a critical step in his Second Discourse, reasoning that human nature as we know it, rational, and with language, and so on, is a result of historical accidents, and the specific up-bringing of an individual. The consequences of this line of reasoning were to be enormous. It was all about the question of nature. In effect it was being claimed that human nature, one of the most important types of nature in Aristotelian thinking, did not exist as it had been understood to exist.
The survival of metaphysics.
The approach of modern science, like the approach of Aristotelianism, is apparently not universally accepted by all people who accept the concept of nature as a reality which we can pursue with reason.
Bacon and other opponents of Metaphysics claim that all attempts to go beyond nature are bound to fall into the same errors, but Metaphysicians themselves see differences between different approaches.
Immanuel Kant for example, expressed the need for a Metaphysics in quite similar terms to Aristotle.
As in Aristotelianism then, Kantianism claims that the human mind must itself have characteristics which are beyond nature, metaphysical, in some way. Specifically Kant argued that the human mind comes ready-made with "a priori" programming, so to speak, which allows it to make sense of nature.
The study of nature without metaphysics.
Authors from Nietzsche to Richard Rorty have claimed that science, the study of nature, can and should exist without metaphysics. But this claim has always been controversial. Authors like Bacon and Hume never denied that their use of the word "nature" implied metaphysics, but tried to follow Machiavelli's approach of talking about what works, instead of claiming to understand what seems impossible to understand.
Eastern civilization and the philosophical question of nature.
The discussion so far above focuses upon the Western philosophical tradition, where the word "nature" has a very specific history. But despite claims mentioned above to the contrary, it is not universally accepted that Greek philosophy was the one occasion upon which the concept of nature was discovered and emphasized in this way.
In Chinese, the term "nature" may be rendered as either "ziran" (), or "xing" (). The same terms appear in the philosophical literature of nations that adopted the Chinese writing such as Japan and Korea. In the early Chinese literature, nature appears in what might be called, a "pre-Socratic" sense akin to "Dao" (), or "the Way", in antiquity, similar to "fa" () or "Law". Indeed, in ancient Daoism, "the Way" is above all, "the way of nature" ( "ziran zhi dao"). The term "Dao" is sometimes compared to the enigmatic way Heraclitus used "Logos". In older extant Chinese texts (e.g. "Huangdi Sijing", or "Scripture of the Yellow Emperor"), Dao (as the Dao of nature) has at once a metaphysical and legal character, strongly suggesting that the source of legislation is to be found in the nature of things. While at first, the nature of things was intended as an impulse ( "zhi" or "xin"), in later Confucianism the distinction would be stressed between mind and will, or between life and the "principle" or "mind" of life ( "xing"). In Mencius, for instance, life and its principle are juxtaposed in a way that later scholars establish to be "mind", as a principle, independent of human will (thus, for example, the "mind of nature"). Confucius articulates, a question of natural principle, or the standard of interpretation of "names". When Confucius seeks beyond the plane of convention or custom—when he reaches out to the roots of names—he does not find the will of gods and spirits. What he did find remains the subject of interpretation for the scholarship of thousands of years. That subject is usually called nature or the mind thereof.
The philosophical tradition of Legalism, generally may be understood as a quest for the "mind of nature," and as a struggle to preserve that quest against "heretical" ( "xiadao") tendencies to seek nature (or the mind thereof) outside the law. Accordingly, throughout ancient China, scholarship of the period generally remained tied to political problems, or problems of legal interpretation. Metaphysical problems were understood as eminently legal problems (and vice versa), so that the interpretation or study ( "xue") of Justice or Right ( "yi") emergeed as the philosophical activity par excellence: to ask "what is Justice?", a favorite question of Confucius, is both to probe the essential (interior) nature of names, or "to know speech" ( "zhiyan"), in principle, by virtue of the constituent names.
The rise of Buddhism in ancient China, stimulated the debate on nature once again. Now nature was unequivocally regarded as the "mind of all things", or as "Buddha-nature" ( "foxing"). This was also the mind of "the Empire" ( "tianxia"), or the monarchic principle common to all nations, (hence an identification—notably in Japan—of Buddha as the essence of the Emperor). nature, regarded as utterly beyond both imagination and speech, was that which "cannot be imagined or deliberated", ( "bukesiyi") In the act of being revealed universally, that which is neither externally, nor internally, accessible to the delusional sensory capabilities of one's misappropriating "ego" disappears. Facing of the threat of a solar eclipse, or the depths of the problem of nature, and the consequent decay of civil life into "chaos" or ( "luan"), the "Chan" or "Zen" () revival of "the Buddha Way" ( "fodao") emerged. This emphasized the original coincidence of the "Buddha mind" (the metaphysical) and the "everyday mind" (the political). The name Buddha, refers neither to something outside the ego ( "wo"), nor to ego as a self-appropriating poetic faculty. From this approach, the Buddha was understood as "original" nature, or original mind, yet "very ordinary" because Buddha is not the constitutive principle of an order beyond the civil order, or public morality. Of "this very order", not the ego's deluded physical motion or nominal forms, the ordering principle of both speech and sensory experience "gathers" common experience under a global scope with universal names declared as "direct pointers", for example, ( "zhi") to "the moon" ( "yue") or "the original mind". The foremost task of a "student of the way" was thus to recover the constitutive principle of the common experience, their original mind. When understood in this way, "original mind" was thought to conform with normative public morality. Ultimately, Chan was no less a return to "piety" ( xiao), than it was a return to nature as the common principle of the constitution of civil life.

</doc>
<doc id="5938177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938177" title="David Brown (footballer, born 1978)">
David Brown (footballer, born 1978)

David Alistair Brown (born 2 October 1978) is an English footballer who last played for Conference National side Wrexham as a striker.
Career.
Born in Bolton, Greater Manchester, Brown began his career with Oldham Athletic, but signed for Manchester United as an apprentice in July 1995. However, the method by which United signed Brown was deemed to have been against Football Association regulations, and the club was fined £20,000. He turned professional in August 1997, but failed to break into the first team at Old Trafford. In March 1998 he joined Hull City on loan until the end of the season, making his league debut on 28 March 1998 in a 0–0 draw against Macclesfield Town at Boothferry Park. In the remainder of the season he played well enough to earn himself a permanent move, completed in June 1998. 
He immediately became a regular in the Hull side the following season and even scored against hometown club Bolton Wanderers in a league cup tie, but his failure to score regularly and the signing of new players by Brian Little pushed him out of the frame for a regular starting place. In the July 2001, Brown was made available on a free transfer by Hull City after playing 123 league games, in which he scored 21 times. On 4 September 2001 Brown joined Torquay United on trial, at the same time as Gary Brabin. Neither were taken on at the time by Torquay manager Roy McFarland, although Brabin joined soon after from Boston United. 
After playing in Australia, Brown began a second trial with Torquay in early November 2001, McFarland noting that his lack of fitness was the main problem before and giving him a second chance. He signed non-contract terms for Torquay on 9 November, making his debut the following day in the 2–1 defeat at home to Swansea City. He played the following week in the FA Cup against Northampton Town, but was dropped for the derby game against Exeter City a few days later. With Torquay struggling to find a settled forward line, he was recalled for the defeat away to Halifax Town on 24 November, but after another disappointing performance was released immediately after the game. 
In December 2001 Brown joined Chester City on trial, impressing manager Steve Mungall enough to earn a contract. However, within days of Brown signing Mungall was sacked and replaced by Mark Wright who released Brown on a free transfer at the end of the season.
He joined Telford United in August 2002, moving to Hereford United in June 2003, although missed the start of the season after breaking his collar-bone in pre-season training. He remained with Hereford until March 2005 when he moved to Accrington Stanley, signing a new two-year deal in June 2005. In the 2005–06 season Brown helped Stanley to promotion to the Football League, with his former club Hereford taking the second promotion place. Brown struggled to gain a regular place in Stanley's league side and in November 2006 joined Burton Albion on loan. He joined Conference National side York City on trial in September 2008 and featured for the reserves in a 2–1 victory against Grimsby Town. However, he was not offered a contract by the club. He joined Barrow of the Conference on non-contract terms in October 2008. His stay with them was brief, being released in January 2009. He was snapped up later that month by Forest Green Rovers.
Brown ended the season partnering prolific striker Andy Mangan and in the summer of 2009 agreed to become player/assistant manager at The New Lawn for the 2009–10 season. After manager Jim Harvey left the club in August, Brown took over as player-caretaker manager. Brown picked up his first point in management leading Forest Green to a battling goalless draw against Oxford United at the Kassam Stadium later that month. In September 2009 his short stint as player-caretaker manager came to an end when Dave Hockaday was appointed permanently as the new manager at the club. Brown remained on the playing staff.
In July 2010, Brown left Forest Green to sign for Wrexham. but was released by the Welsh side after just one season.

</doc>
<doc id="5938183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938183" title="Quando Quango">
Quando Quango

Quando Quango was a British, Manchester-based new wave and dance project, formed by The Haçienda DJ and Factory Records A&R man Mike Pickering, Hillegonda Rietveld and Reinier Rietveld. Their unique sound influenced the underground dance music scenes in New York and Chicago in the 1980s. Their first release was the "Go Exciting" twelve-inch single on Factory Records in 1982, and their last release of new music was the 1985 full-length album "Pigs & Battleships" (reissued on CD in 2003).
Music.
Quando Quango remain best known for the dance singles "Love Tempo," which reached number four on the US "Billboard" Dance Chart, and "Atom Rock." Their sound was the result of an eclectic mix of Latin, jazz, reggae and disco, all in a pioneering new wave context. Hillegonda Rietveld said, describing the group's music, "...Fela Kuti meets Kraftwerk somewhere between Manchester and Rotterdam, part of a new wave of post-punk electronica, with a whole lot of Mike Pickering's admirably broad knowledge of soul, disco, reggae and pop to stuff the gaps". Bernard Sumner of Joy Division and New Order, who with Donald Johnson of A Certain Ratio produced early Quando Quango recordings, was a major influence on the group.
History.
The group was formed in Rotterdam, The Netherlands in 1980, by the Mancunian Mike Pickering and Rotterdam-based Gonnie Rietveld, supported on drums by her brother Reinier Rietveld. In 1982 they moved to Manchester, England, where Pickering's friend Rob Gretton was setting up The Haçienda nightclub.
In 1983, Reinier Rietveld left the group to concentrate on his band Spasmodique. Soon after, former A Certain Ratio singer/trumpeter/percussionist Simon Topping joined as percussionist. Gonnie Rietveld settled into her role programming their electronic music, and Pickering continued to write lyrics and melodies.
The same year, Derek Johnson of fellow Factory act 52nd Street joined on bass, soon to be replaced by his brother Barry Johnson, formerly of Sweet Sensation, and later of Aswad.
After releasing a few singles that were minor dance club hits, the group collaborated with Johnny Marr and Vini Reilly to create the full-length album "Pigs + Battleships". Andy Connell of A Certain Ratio and Beverley McDonald of 52nd Street also contributed.
The group did not last long after the album's release, but before their collapse they recorded more material with prominent guests. Lisa Stansfield sang on demos of "Bad Blood" and "Vision of America" in 1986. Stephen Morris contributed percussion to "What Price Beauty," which later became the M People track "Kiss It Better."
After the group's demise, Pickering went on to form dance duo T-Coy with Topping and, later, M People. Rietveld's connection with The Haçienda continued when she researched and co-edited the book "The Haçienda Must Be Built!", edited by Jon Savage. After gaining her doctorate, Dr Rietveld single-authored "This Is Our House: House Music, Cultural Spaces and Technologies", and is currently a Reader in Cultural Studies at London South Bank University, where she supervises postgraduate research projects in electronic dance music cultures.
Discography.
Albums.
Tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="5938186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938186" title="The Tower, Meridian Quay">
The Tower, Meridian Quay

The Tower, Meridian Quay is the tallest building in Wales standing at 107m (351ft). 
The tower has 29 storeys, double the number of the previous tallest building in Swansea, the BT Tower. Most of the tower houses residential apartments. The ground floor features a concierge desk which is manned 24 hours a day, whilst the top three floors consist of the Grape and Olive restaurant run by the Cardiff brewery S.A. Brain & Co. Ltd. This was opened following the unsuccessful 290 cover Pentouse restaurant. Press reports stated that the penthouse apartment on the 26th floor was sold for £1 million.
On 26 January 2008, one of the construction workers died after falling three storeys from the tower. The construction company, Carillion, chose not to release his name. The tower "topped-out" to its full height on 12 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5938189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938189" title="Nikos Christodoulou">
Nikos Christodoulou

Nikos Christodoulou (born 1959) is a Greek conductor and composer. Among other symphonic works he conducts Skalkottas, which he has recorded. He also conducts opera.

</doc>
<doc id="5938192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938192" title="Benoît Brisefer">
Benoît Brisefer

Benoît Brisefer (French for "Benedict Ironbreaker", Dutch: "Steven Sterk") is a Belgian comic strip created in 1960 by Peyo (best known for the Smurfs) about a little boy whose peaceful, innocent appearance, charm and good manners covers his possession of superhuman strength similar to that of Asterix. Since Peyo's death it has been continued by other artists and writers. Parts of the series have been published in a number of languages around the world.
Publication history.
"Benoît Brisefer" first appeared in issue 1183 of "Spirou" magazine in mid-December 1960. His adventures were regularly published in both the magazine and in book form. As well as Peyo himself, other contributors to the series included leading figures in the Belgian comics industry, such as Will, Jean Roba (who drew some of the covers when the series was published in "Spirou"), Gos, Yvan Delporte, François Walthéry and Albert Blesteau, many of whom were part of Peyo's studio.
It initially lasted till 1978 when the success of the Smurfs prevented Peyo from working on his other series. Since his death in 1992, it has been restarted by his son Thierry Culliford and artist Pascal Garray. Peyo's signature still appears on the pages drawn by Garray.
In 1967, the British comic "Giggle" published Benoît's first adventure, giving him the name Tammy Tuff. Other English-language publications have used the name Steven Strong and Benny Breakiron.
The main character.
Benoît Brisefer is a blond-haired little boy who always wears a beret, a blue scarf, a red jacket and black shorts. He is very polite, honest and well-mannered, works hard at school and likes to help people in need. He hates crime and injustice and has an intense dislike for firearms.
What makes him really exceptional, though, is that he possesses superhuman strength: he can lift tremendous weights, leap huge distances or jump over the buildings like a flea and run extremely fast. When attacked by a small army, he easily defeats them by knocking them all unconscious. However, if he catches a cold he loses his strength and becomes "the well-behaved little boy that every parent would love to have."
Benoît lives in the little town of Vivejoie-la-Grande (French for "Big-Lovejoy"). No mention is ever made of him having parents or guardians of any kind. The only such reference was in "Le Cirque Bodoni" where Choesels, wanting to attract publicity and interest, told the journalists that Benoit belonged in a family of a Turk father and a Gypsy mother, one of 10 children. His last Peyo-written adventure, "Le Fétiche", showed that a lady called Madam Minou took care of his house and served him his breakfast, but lives in another part of town. Other than that, his only known relative is his uncle Tonton Placide whom he sometimes stays with during the holidays.
Benoît's adult friends are completely ignorant of his abilities: they are always absent or incapacitated when Benoit uses his strength, which he generally keeps secret. Whenever he tries to confide his secret with them, their response is "Of course, Benoît, of course", while in the few times he tries to give a proof, he catches a cold. The witnesses of his power are the villains, always after they have been warned and failed to believe him. They usually all end up lying in a heap, knocked unconscious by Benoît.
A recurring joke is Benoit's inability to narrate and explain events clearly when in haste or excited, as whenever he tries to warn the police. He talks excessively mixing his words, names and events, and ends up befuddling and confusing the adults. As a result he is never taken seriously, even if later he is proven right.
Another recurring joke is how Benoit, in his childhood innocence, links his larger-than-life experiences to basic morals taught in school. For example after uprooting a tree to save a stranded cat, he returns it to its previous position because "The schoolmistress says so". When attacked by criminals he tries to conform them by saying "The schoolmistress always says that you should not attack people who are smaller than yourself". The frequently-mentioned schoolmistress is not seen until "Le Fétiche" where her name is revealed to be "Mlle Tapotrin".
A frequent gag is Benoit's inability to control his strength, perceived by others as clumsiness. After each blunter, Benoit says to himself "What have I done again?". This makes it difficult for Benoit to play with other kids as he unintentionally breaks their toys: simply kicking a ball would cause it to burst. In later stories he is less clumsy, making friends and he and other children enjoy a good time at summer camp.
Supporting characters.
Mister Dussiflard: a former jazz musician, now the driver of an old inter-war taxi.
Serge Vladlavodka: an inventor who has devised a number of mechanical creations, including robots. Among other things, Vladlavodka was the creator of Mrs Adolphine II.
Mrs Adolphine: a charming little old lady, who is quite harmless and always offering sweets to passing acquaintances. She was the model for the robotic Mrs. Adolphine II.
Mrs. Adolphine II aka Lady d'Olphine: a robot created by Vladlavodka. He based her design on the (real-life) concept of the turtle robots devised by William Grey Walter but also made her more sentient. He also built her to look like a local lady, Mrs Adolphine, since the thick clothes she wore would cover the mechanics and the appearance of an old woman would explain her slowness. However, Vladlavodka once got two of her circuits mixed up and as a result she became evil: holding up people at gunpoint, robbing banks and even becoming a crime lord under the name "Lady d'Olphine". Although not strong enough to battle Benoît, she is cunning and manipulative and has often tricked the good-natured little boy into unintentionally helping her in her plans.
The chief of police: of the town where Benoît lives. Benoît often goes to see him to warn of the crimes that he has witnessed, but his tendency to talk excessively when excited and mixing up his words tries the chief's patience and he sends him packing — leaving Benoît to deal with the crooks himself. The chief also dismisses his claims on the grounds that kids like him read too many comics — before going into his office and reading some comics himself.
Uncle Placide: the nearest Benoît appears to have to a relative, Uncle Placide is a large, powerfully-built man with a big heart to go with it. He is a police bodyguard who protects visiting foreign officials and celebrities. He is an expert marksman and can more than hold his own in a fight against multiple opponents (though he lacks his nephew's superhuman strength — of which he is unaware of in spite of Benoît's numerous attempts to show him).
Stories.
Below is a list of the French titles of Benoît Brisefer's adventures, their year of publication, an English translation of the titles and a brief description. They are listed in order of publication.

</doc>
<doc id="5938194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938194" title="Renault R26">
Renault R26

The Renault R26 is a Formula One racing car, used by the Renault F1 team in the 2006 Formula One season. The car was driven by Fernando Alonso and Giancarlo Fisichella. Over the course of the season it scored 8 wins out of 18 races, and was the most complete package in most of the year, followed closely by the rival Ferrari 248 F1. The R26 helped Renault in claiming the Constructors' Championship with a 5-point advantage over rival Ferrari, and also taking Fernando Alonso to his second Drivers' Championship in succession, 13 points ahead of rival Michael Schumacher. It brought the last Constructors Championship in recent history to tyre manufacturer Michelin.
Like its rival the Ferrari 248 F1, the R26 was notable for its rock-solid reliability, chassis R26-03 driven by Fernando Alonso started all of the races of the 2006 season without the need to be replaced (F1 drivers usually go through multiple chassis in a season), it also led more laps and won more races than any single chassis in 2006 in addition to winning the world championship. R26-03 now sits at Renault’s “Histoire et Collection” heritage collection in Paris.
The R26 was succeeded by the R27 for the 2007 season.
Mass Damper.
A Tuned mass damper, also known as a harmonic absorber, is a device that is attached to structures in order to reduce the strength of Vibrations passing through them. Tuned mass dampers are used in buildings across the world to reduce the effects of earthquakes and strong gusts of wind. In the Renault R26, this technology was used for a more benign purpose. It was used to keep the front of car stable over kerbs and through slow and fast corners. Keeping the front of the car stable is crucial to the aerodynamic efficiency of the car because changes in ride height - caused by bumps on the road or changes in downforce levels due to speed - can alter the way that air passes over the front wing of the car and therefore the rest of the car's aerodynamic efficiency also suffers. The Tuned mass damper in the Renault R26 was invented by Renault engineer Rob Marshall. The mass damper itself was a cylinder, standing upright, with the mechanical components inside. Inside the cylinder sat a 9 kilogram disc which rested in between two springs. The disc was free to move on the Y-axis with its only hindrance, the springs that it was attached to and the damper fluid within the cylinder. The whole assembly was attached to the chassis inside the nosecone of the car. The device was then 'tuned' to the needs of each track by either changing the clearance between the disc and the cylinder bore or by adjusting the size of two-way valve within the disc itself. The Tuned mass damper on the Renault R26 vibrated in the opposite direction from the chassis due to inertia, with its magnitude calculated by the 'tuning' variables mentioned above. This counteracting force stabilized the front end of the car over kerbs and through slow and fast corners.
Renault first introduced the technology in its 2005 challenger, Renault R25. The technology was raced in the last few races of the 2005 season and had been deemed to be legal by the stewards. During the first half of the 2006 season, Renault had built up a comfortable points lead over their main rivals Ferrari. However, at the time of the German Grand Prix at the Hockenheimring the FIA decided to ban all the teams from using Tuned mass dampers in their car. Even though the system was deemed legal for over half a year, the FIA decided that it broke the rule that no moving part can influence the aerodynamics of the car. Renault claimed that the loss of the system cost them 0.3 seconds a lap. The ban hurt the Renault team more than their competitors because Renault had designed their whole car around the technology, meanwhile, their competitors had just included the technology as an after-thought after seeing Renault's implementation. This was clearly visible because Ferrari won 5 of the 7 remaining races in the season. However, the French team managed to defend both championship titles successfully.

</doc>
<doc id="5938197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938197" title="Vargem Grande Paulista">
Vargem Grande Paulista

Vargem Grande Paulista is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population in 2005 was 43,217 and the area is 34 km². It is a part of the São Paulo metropolitan area.

</doc>
<doc id="5938209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938209" title="Pile Up">
Pile Up

Pile Up is a compilation of singles, B-sides, and rarities by queercore band Pansy Division.
The album includes numerous cover songs including "Cowboys Are Frequently, Secretly Fond of Each Other", "Real Men", "Jack U Off", and "Smells Like Queer Spirit" (Smells Like Teen Spirit).
Track listing.
All songs written by Jon Ginoli, except where noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="5938216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938216" title="Kenny Green (basketball, born 1964)">
Kenny Green (basketball, born 1964)

Kenny Green (born October 11, 1964) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Washington Bullets in the 1st round (12th overall) of the 1985 NBA Draft, one spot ahead of future Hall-of-Famer Karl Malone. A 6'6" forward from Wake Forest University, Green played in two NBA seasons from 1985-1987. He played for the Bullets and Philadelphia 76ers. In his NBA career, he played in 60 games and scored a total of 265 points.

</doc>
<doc id="5938221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938221" title="Wildest Dreams (play)">
Wildest Dreams (play)

Wildest Dreams is a 1991 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.

</doc>
<doc id="5938225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938225" title="Darrien Wright">
Darrien Wright

Darrien Wright (born 26 April 1985) partnered Hollie Robertson in the second series of BBC One show Strictly Dance Fever. They won the competition on 3 June 2006, beating Darren Bailey and Lana Williams into second place.
As part of their prize, Darrien and Hollie won a professional dance contract. This culminated early in July 2006 when, for a week, the pair took to the West End stage as background dancers in Footloose (musical) in London's Novello Theatre. David Essex and Cheryl Baker also starred in the show. 
Wright is from Darlington, is trained by Andy Cane in Disco Freestyle, and cites John Travolta as his dance hero. In 2007 he picked up the Citizen of the Year title in the Best of Darlington awards.
He is currently appearing in the UK tour of Fame alongside dance partner Hollie Robertson.

</doc>
<doc id="5938226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938226" title="Pudarci">
Pudarci

Pudarci (Serbian Cyrillic: Пударци) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in the Belgrade's municipality of Grocka.
Pudarci is located in the eastern part of the municipality, 41 km southeast of Belgrade and 7 km south of the municipal seat Grocka. It is on the crossroad of the Grocka-Umčari and Brestovik-Umčari roads, both of which connect the road of "Smederevski put" and the highway Belgrade-Niš. One branch of the road connects Pudarci with Kamendol, 2 km to the east.
Pudarci is classified as a rural settlement (village). It is a depopulating place, with the population of 1,643 in 1991 and 1,410 in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5938255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938255" title="Turkish American">
Turkish American

Turkish Americans (; literally "Americans of Turkish origin") are Americans with Turkish ancestry or citizenship.
History.
Ottoman Turkish migration.
The earliest known Turkish settlers in the United States arrived in 1586 when Sir Francis Drake brought at least two hundred Muslims, identified as Turks and Moors, to the newly established English colony of Roanoke on the coast of present-day North Carolina. Only a short time before reaching Roanoke, Drake's fleet of some thirty ships had liberated these Muslims from Spanish colonial forces in the Caribbean where they had been condemned to hard labor as galley slaves. Historical records indicate that Drake had promised to return the liberated galley slaves, and the English government did ultimately repatriate about one hundred of them to the Ottoman realms.
Significant waves of Turkish immigration to the United States began during the period between 1820 and 1920. About 300,000 people immigrated from the Ottoman Empire to the United States, although only 50,000 of these immigrants were Muslim Turks whilst the rest were mainly Arabs, Azeri, Armenians, Greeks, Jews and other Muslim groups under the Ottoman rule. Most ethnic Turks feared that they would not be accepted in a Christian country because of their religion and often adopted and registered under a Christian name at the port of entry in order to gain easy access to the United States; moreover, many declared themselves as "Syrians" or even "Armenians" in order to avoid discrimination. The majority of Turks entered the United States via the ports of Providence, Rhode Island; Portland, Maine; and Ellis Island. French shipping agents, the missionary American college in Harput, French and German schools, and word of mouth from former migrants were major sources of information about the "New World" for those who wished to emigrate.
The largest number of ethnic Turks appear to have entered the United States prior to World War I, roughly between 1900 and 1914, when American immigration policies were quite liberal. Many of these Turks came from Harput, Akçadağ, Antep and Macedonia and embarked for the United States from Beirut, Mersin, Izmir, Trabzon and Salonica. However, the flow of immigration to the United States was interrupted by the Immigration Act of 1917, which limited entries into the United States based on literacy, and by World War I. Nonetheless, a large number of Turks from the Balkan provinces of Albania, Kosovo, Western Thrace, and Bulgaria emigrated and settled in the United States; they were listed as "Albanians", "Bulgarians" and "Serbians" according to their country of origin, even though many of them were ethnically Turkish and identified themselves as such. Furthermore, many immigrant families who were ethnic Albanians, Bulgarians, Greeks, Macedonians or Serbians included children of Turkish origin who lost their parents after Macedonia was partitioned between Bulgaria, Serbia and Greece following the Balkan War of 1912–13. These Turkish children had been sheltered, baptized and adopted, and then used as field laborers; when the adopting families emigrated to the United States they listed these children as family members, although most of these Turkish children still remembered their origin.
Early Turkish migrants were mainly male-dominated economic migrants who were farmers and shepherds from the lower socioeconomic classes; their main concern was to save enough money and return home. The majority of these migrants lived in urban areas and worked in the industrial sector, taking difficult and lower-paying jobs in leather factories, tanneries, the iron and steel sector, and the wire, railroad, and automobile industries, especially in New England, New York, Detroit, and Chicago. The Turkish community generally relied on each other in finding jobs and a place to stay, many staying in boarding houses. There was also cooperation between ethnic Turks and other Ottomans such as the Greeks, Jews, and Armenians, although ethnic conflicts were also common and carried to some parts of the United States, such as in Peabody, Massachusetts, where there was tension between Greeks, Armenians, and Turks. Unlike the other Ottoman ethnic groups, most of the early Turkish migrants returned to their homeland. The rate of return migration was exceptionally high after the establishment of the Republic of Turkey in 1923. The founder of the Republic, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, sent ships from Turkey, such as "Gülcemal", to the United States to take these men back to Turkey without any charge. Educated Turks were offered jobs in the newly created Republic, whist unskilled workers were encouraged to return, as the male population was depleted due to World War I and the Turkish War of Independence. Those who stayed in the United States lived in isolation as they knew little or no English and preferred to live amongst themselves. However, their descendants mostly became assimilated into American culture and today vaguely have a notion of their ancestry.
Mainland Turkish migration.
From World War I to 1965 the number of Turkish immigrants arriving in the United States was quite low, as a result of restrictive immigration laws such as the Immigration Act of 1924. Approximately 100 Turkish immigrants per year entered the United States between 1930 and 1950. However, the number of Turkish immigrants to the United States increased to 2,000 to 3,000 per year after 1965 due to the liberalization of US immigration laws. As of the late 1940s, but especially in the 1960s and 1970s, Turkish immigration to the United States changed its nature from one of unskilled to skilled migration; a wave of professionals such as doctors, engineers, academicians, and graduate students came to the United States. In the 1960s, 10,000 people entered the United States from Turkey, followed by another 13,000 in the 1970s. As opposed to the male-dominated first flows of Ottoman Turkish migrants, these immigrants were highly educated, return migration was minimal, migrants included many young women and accompanying families, and Turkish nationalism and secularism was much more common. The general profile of Turkish men and women immigrating to the United States depicted someone young, college-educated with a good knowledge of English, and with a career in medicine, engineering, or another profession in science or the arts.
Since the 1980s, the flow of Turkish immigrants to the United States has included an increasing number of students and professionals as well as migrants who provide unskilled and semi-skilled labor. Thus, in recent years, the highly skilled and educated profile of the Turkish American community has changed with the arrival of unskilled or semi-skilled Turkish labor workers. The unskilled or semi-skilled immigrants usually work in restaurants, gas stations, hair salons, construction sites, and grocery stores, although some of them have obtained American citizenship or green cards and have opened their own ethnic businesses. Some recent immigrants have also arrived via cargo ships and then left them illegally, whilst others overstay their visas. Thus, it is difficult to estimate the number of undocumented Turkish immigrants in the United States who overstay their visas or arrive illegally. Moreover, with the introduction of the Diversity Immigrant Visa more Turkish immigrants, from all socioeconomic and educational backgrounds, have arrived in the United States, with the quota for Turkey being 2,000 per year.
Turkish Cypriot migration.
The Turkish Cypriots first arrived in the United States between 1820 and 1860 due to religious or political persecution. About 2,000 Turkish Cypriots had arrived in the United States between 1878-1923 when the Ottoman Empire handed over the administration of the island of Cyprus to Britain. Turkish Cypriot immigration to the United States continued between the 1960s till 1974 as a result of the Cyprus conflict. According to the 1980 United States Census 1,756 people stated Turkish Cypriot ancestry. However, a further 2,067 people of Cypriot ancestry did not specify whether they were of Turkish or Greek Cypriot origin. On October 2, 2012, the first "Turkish Cypriot Day" was celebrated at the US Congress.
Meskhetian Turkish migration.
Exiled first from Georgia in 1944, and then Uzbekistan in 1989, approximately 13,000 Meskhetian Turks who arrived in Krasnodar, Russia, as Soviet citizens were refused recognition by Krasnodar authorities. The regional government denied Meskhetian Turks the right to register their residences in the territory, effectively making them stateless and resulting in the absence of basic civil and human rights, including the right to employment, social and medical benefits, property ownership, higher education, and legal marriage. In mid-2006, over 10,000 Meskhetian Turks had resettled from the Krasnodar region to the United States. Out of approximately 21,000 applications, nearly 15,000 individuals in total were eligible for refugee status and likely to immigrate during the life of the resettlement program.
Demographics.
Population.
According to the 2000 United States Census 117,575 Americans claimed Turkish descent. However, the actual number of Americans of Turkish descent is believed to be considerably larger as a significant number of ethnic Turks have migrated not just from Turkey but also from the Balkans (such as Bulgaria and Macedonia), Cyprus, and the former Soviet Union. Hence, the Turkish American community is currently estimated to number about 500,000.
With regards to the 2010 United States Census, the U.S government was determined to get an accurate count of the American population by reaching segments, such as the Turkish community, that are considered "hard to count", a good portion of which falls under the category of foreign-born immigrants. The Assembly of Turkish American Associations and the US Census Bureau formed a partnership to spearhead a national campaign to count people of Turkish origin with an organisation entitled "Census 2010 SayTurk" (which has a double meaning in Turkish, "Say" means "to count" and "to respect") to identify the estimated 500,000 Turks now living in the United States.
Settlement.
Turkish Americans live in all fifty states, although the largest concentrations are found in New York City, and Rochester, New York; Washington, D.C.; and Detroit, Michigan. The largest concentrations of Turkish Americans are found scattered throughout New York City, Long Island, New Jersey, Connecticut, and other suburban areas. They generally reside in specific cities and neighborhoods including Brighton Beach in Brooklyn, Sunnyside in Queens, and in the cities of Paterson and Clifton in New Jersey.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2000, Americans of Turkish origin mostly live in the State of New York followed by, California, New Jersey, Florida, Texas, Virginia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and Maryland.
Culture.
Language.
Turkish is by far the most widely-spoken of all Turkic languages, amounting to 40% of the total. Despite this, Turkish is not one of the languages taught in the public schools in the United States, even though there is a sizeable Turkish community in the country. According to the 2005 ACS (American Community Survey), there were 164,945 people with Turkish ancestry in the U.S., this number increasing to 189,640 in 2008. According to the 2000 Census, the Turkish language is spoken in 59,407 households within the entire U.S. population, and in 12,409 households in NYC alone by highly bilingual families with Turkish ancestry. These data show that many speakers with Turkish origins continue speaking the language at home despite the fact that they are highly bilingual. The number of English-proficient households using Turkish as a home-language outweighs that of families who have switched completely to English. In this sense, the Turkish American community efforts and the schools that serve the Turkish community in the U.S. are responsible for the retaining of the Turkish language and slowing of assimilation. A detailed study has documented the efforts of language and culture-disseminating schools of the Turkish American community and is available as a doctoral dissertation, a book, book chapters, and journal articles.
Religion.
Although Islam had little less public importance among the secular Turkish Americans who arrived in the United States during the 1940s to the 1970s, more recent Turkish immigrants define themselves as Turks, Americans, and Muslims. Since the 1980s, the wave of Turkish immigrants has been quite diverse and have included a broad mixture of secular and religious people. Thus, due to the diversification of Turkish Americans since the 1980s, religion has become a more important identity marker within the community. Especially after the 1980s, religious organizations, Islamic cultural centers, and mosques were founded to serve the needs of Turkish people. Followers of the Islamic preacher Fethullah Gülen (known as "Hizmet" or "Gülenciler") formed one local cultural organization, the "American Turkish Friendship Association" (ATFA), in 2003, and one intercultural organization, called the "Rumi Forum", in 1999, which invites speakers to inform the public about Islam and Turkey. The Gülen community has also established mosques and interethnic private schools in New York, Connecticut, and Virginia, several colleges like the Virginia International University in Fairfax County, VA, and over a hundred charter schools throughout the United States. Followers of Süleyman Hilmi Tunahan, otherwise known as "Süleymancılar", also formed many mosques and cultural centers along the East Coast. Apart from these two groups, the Diyanet appointes Turkish imams to the United States. There is also a community center project around the mosque in Lanham, MD, on 15 acres of land, which was bought by the Turkish Foundation of Religious Affairs.
Organizations and associations.
Until the 1950s Turkish Americans had only a few organizations, the agendas of which were mainly cultural rather than political. They organized celebrations that would bring immigrant Turks together in a place during religious and national holidays. Turkish early migrants founded the first Muslim housing cooperatives and associations between 1909 and 1914. After World War I, the "Turkish Aid Society" ("Turk Teavün Cemiyeti") in New York and the "Red Crescent" ("Hilali Ahmer"), were collecting money not only for funeral services and other community affairs but also to help the Turkish War of Independence. In 1933, Turkish Americans established the "Cultural Alliance of New York" and the "Turkish Orphans’ Association", gathering to collect money for orphans in Turkey who had lost their parents in the Turkish War of Independence. As Turkish immigration increased after the 1950s Turkish Americans gained more economic status and formed new organizations. Thus, Turkish American organizations and assosiations are growing throughout the United States as their number increases. Most of these organizations put emphasis on preserving the Turkish identity.
Two umbrella organizations, the Federation of Turkish American Associations (FTAA) and the Assembly of Turkish American Associations (ATAA), have been working to bring different Turkish American organizations together for which they receive financial and political support from the Turkish government. The New York based FTAA, which started in 1956 with two associations, namely the "Turkish Cypriot Aid Society" and the "Turkish Hars Society", hosts over 40 member associations, with the majority of these groups located in the northeast region of the United States. The FTAA is located in the Turkish House in the vicinity of the United Nations. The Turkish House, which was bought by the Turkish government in 1977 as the main office for the consulategeneral, also serves as a center for cultural activities: there is a Saturday school for Turkish American children, and it also houses the "Turkish Women's League of America". The Washington, D.C. based ATAA, which was established in 1979, shares many of the goals of the FTAA but has clearer political aims. It has over 60 component associations in the United States, Canada, and Turkey and has some 8,000 members all over the United States. The Association also publishes a biweekly newspaper, "The Turkish Times", and regularly informs its members on developments requiring community action. These organizations aim to unite and improve support for the Turkish community in the United States and to defend Turkish interests against groups with conflicting interests. Today, both the FTAA and the ATAA organize cultural events such as concerts, art-gallery exhibits, and parades, as well as lobby for Turkey.
Politics.
During the 1970s Turkish Americans began to mobilize politically in order to influence American policies in favor of their homeland as a result of the Cyprus conflict, the American military embargo targeting Turkey, accusations from the members of the Greek American and Armenian American diaspora, and the Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia massacres targeting Turkish diplomats in the United States and elsewhere. Thus, this became a turning point for the changing nature of Turkish American associations from those that organized cultural events to those with a more political agenda coincided with the hostile efforts of other ethnic groups, namely the Greek and Armenian lobby. As well as promoting the Turkish culture, Turkish American organizations promote Turkey's position in international affairs and generally support the positions taken by the Turkish government. They have been lobbying for Turkey's entry into the European Union and have also defended the Turkish involvement in Cyprus. Turkish Americans have also expressed concerns about the Greek lobby in the United States undermining the typically good Turkish-American relations. In recent years, Turkish Americans have established more influence in the US Congress. In 2005, second-generation Turkish American Oz Bengur was the first candidate (Democrat from
Maryland’s 3rd district) of Turkish origin to run for Congress in US history.
Festivals.
Turkish American festivals are major public events in which the community present themselves to the wider public. The Federation of Turkish American Associations (FTAA) organizes the "Turkish Cultural Month Festival" starting on 23 April each year, the date when the first Turkish parliament opened in 1920, and ending on 19 May, the date when the Turkish liberation movement led by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk started in 1919. Furthermore, the annual "Turkish Day Parade", which began as a demonstration in 1981 in reaction to Armenian attacks, has evolved into a weeklong celebration and has since continued to increase in scope and length.
Notable individuals.
Numerous Turkish Americans have made notable contributions to American society, particularly in the fields of education, medicine, music, the arts, science, and business. Muhtar Kent is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of The Coca-Cola Company, a position he has held since April 2009.
Many prominent Turkish Americans have made lasting contributions to the American music industry. Ahmet Ertegün founded Atlantic Records, one of the most successful American independent music labels, in 1947. He was also a prime mover in starting the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum. In a music career marked by numerous lifetime achievement awards, he was inducted into the hall in 1987. In 1956, his older brother, Nesuhi Ertegün, joined Atlantic Records as vice-president of the company, attracting many of the most inventive jazz musicians of the era. By 1963, arranger, composer and record producer Arif Mardin joined the Ertegün brothers at Atlantic Records. Mardin was the winner of 12 Grammys, including two for best producer, nonclassical (in 1976 and 2003). He retired from Atlantic Records in May 2001 and began a new corporate relationship as senior vice president and co-general manager of the EMI label Manhattan Records. Mardin was considered one of the most successful and significant behind-the-scenes figures in popular music in the last half-century. His son, Joe Mardin is also a record producer and arranger.
Within academia, Feza Gürsey was a Professor of Physics at Yale University and won the prestigious Oppenheimer Prize and Wigner Medal. Another influential Turkish American was Muzafer Sherif who was one of the founders of social psychology which helped develop social judgment theory and realistic conflict theory. Dr. Mehmet Oz is regarded as one of the most accomplished cardiothoracic surgeons. He has made frequent appearances on "The Oprah Winfrey Show". In the fall of 2009, Winfrey's Harpo Productions and Sony Pictures launched a daily talk show featuring Oz, called "The Dr. Oz Show". "The Dr. Oz Show" has been an enormous success with an average of about 3.5 million viewers. His eldest child, Daphne Oz, is an author and television host.
Turkish Americans have also contributed to the arts; Tunç Yalman is the articistic director of the Milwaukee Repertory Theater whilst Osman Karakaş received the 1991 National Press Award for best news photography.

</doc>
<doc id="5938256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938256" title="Wellington High School (Wellington, Florida)">
Wellington High School (Wellington, Florida)

Wellington High School is a public school located in Wellington, Florida, in central Palm Beach County.
Curriculum.
Schedule.
School begins at 7:23 AM and ends at 2:50 PM. The school is run on a 7 period day.
English.
Four Credits of English are required. English 1 is offered all the way up to English 4, with the addition of AICE General Papers for 10th graders, AP Language and Composition for 11th graders and AP Literature and Composition for 12th graders. Dual Enrollment is now offered as well.
Social Studies.
One credit of World History, nine credits of American History, 0.5 credits of Economics, and 0.5 credits of Government are required to graduate. Geography is optional during freshman year, World History is taken during sophomore year, American History during junior year, and Economics and Government is taken during senior year, one semester each.
Math.
Eight Credits of Math are required to graduate. Algebra 1, Geometry, Algebra II, Pre-Calculus, 
Calculus, AP Calculus(AB and BC), Trigonometry, and AP Statistics are offered ..
Science.
Three Credits of Science are needed to graduate. Integrated Science (formerly known as Earth Sciences), Biology, Chemistry, Anatomy, Physics, Zoology, Marine Biology, Environmental Science, and the Veterinary Academy are all offered, and in the 2010–2011 school year, Forensic Science will be offered.
Foreign Languages.
Foreign Language is required to graduate from high school. At least two credits are required for college acceptance. Spanish and French are both offered from Spanish and French 1 up to AP Spanish and French. American Sign Language is also offered.
Magnet Programs.
The Veterinary and Drafting and Design Academies are offered as magnet programs at WHS. There are two science labs and a long distance communications lab.
Extra Curricular Programs.
Debate.
The debate team has had much success in regional and even national competition. The team is under the direction of Paul Gaba, who took over the Wellington program in 2002. Since then, Wellington has qualified 17 students to six National Forensic League national championship tournaments, including advanced rounds in Public Forum Debate and Congressional Debate. Gaba was voted chairperson of the new Florida Oceanfront NFL District in 2013, after the NFL approved a split of Palm Beach County and Martin County programs from the Orlando area. He has also served as Vice President - Individual Events of the Palm Beach Catholic Forensic League and Vice President/Webmaster of the Florida Forensic League. In 2014, Gaba was chosen for a National Federation of State High School Association "Speech, Debate and Theatre Association District 3 Award," representing Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee. He was named a George Mason University Patriot Games Invitational Debate Tournament "Mason Mentor" in 2013, and was the Florida Forensic League's State Debate Coach of the Year in 2011-12.
Wellington Debate's first coach was Barbara Dale McCall - dubbed "The Queen of Lincoln Douglas Debate" by the National Forensic League. She retired in 2000 after a 32-year-long tenure of coaching debate in Palm Beach County. She earned more than 16,000 NFL points, and was honored as a Sixth Diamond Coach on June 30, 2000. During her time at both Twin Lakes High School and Wellington High School, Dale was named a "Key Coach" of the Barkley Forum at Emory University, elected to the NFL Hall of Fame, and was the major figure in the implementation of Lincoln Douglas Debate, including codifying the original set of LD rules and practices. Dale served as the NFL's South Florida District chair, helped create the NFL Manitee District (where she served as chair), and spearheaded the drive to create the NFL Orange Blossom (later Panther, now Oceanfront) District, of which Palm Beach debate programs are currently members. In addition, as a staunch advocate of academic freedom in the classroom, Dale was named winner of Florida's Intellectual Freedom Award.
As coach at Twin Lakes, Dale coached National Boys Extemp Champion Barry Mann, who finished 4th two years earlier, as well as Jeannette Kuvin, runner-up in Oratory. In all, 51 qualifiers represented Twin Lakes at NFL Nationals, many placing in late rounds of Lincoln Douglas, Policy Debate, Oratory, and Extemp. The Twin Lakes chapter was one of Florida's best at a time when Florida was a single NFL district and one of the most competitive states in the nation. Dale's Twin Lakes chapter won two Leading Chapter Awards, the District Plaque, and two District Trophies. Dale coached Florida's Student Points Leader five different years. In 1986, Twin Lakes was second in the U.S. in enrollment of new degrees.
After coming to Wellington in 1988, Dale achieved similar success, qualifying 13 students to eight nationals, including late-round competitors in Lincoln Douglas and Policy Debate. Under McCall, Wellington twice was the district's largest chapter, and won the district trophy.
Dale coached at the Georgetown, American and Iowa summer institutes, and was a most popular teacher. She coached nationally ranked debate teams and extempers early in her career, and then almost singlehandedly invented Lincoln Douglas Debate in the early 1980s. Since retiring, Dale has served as treasurer of the Palm Beach Catholic Forensic League, and has assisted in workshops for students and new coaches.
"Special thanks to the National Forensic League for supplying biographical information for Dale McCall."
Sports.
The Girls soccer team were the state champions in the 2007–2008 school year. There are also a full complement of team sports, including Football, Soccer, Tennis, Swimming, Bowling, Basketball, Baseball, Track, Volleyball, Hockey, Golf, and Lacrosse
The 2008–2009 Boys Varsity Soccer team is ranked 2nd in the country by Adidas and 4th overall by "Rise Magazine".
Track star Ashley Brasovan graduated in 2009. She was ranked number one in the country by "Rise Magazine" and is currently attending Duke University.
The varsity football team under coach Chris Romano went 5–5 in the 2009–2010 season. The football team beat Forest Hill during homecoming 2009. The Wolverines eventually would get into the playoffs and lose to Blanche-Ely 49–3.
The varsity football team under Coach Romano went 5–5 in the 2010–2011 season winning the first district title since 2001. The Wolverines played the Boyd Anderson cobras in the first round of the playoffs, but lost 21–12
Band.
The Mighty Wolverine Sound Marching Band [http://www.whsband.com/] has many participants. The band is directed by the Mary S. Oser. The Concert Bands are split by skill. There is the Wind Ensemble (the advanced band), the Symphonic Band (the intermediate band), and in the 2008–2009 school year, there will be a Beginning band for students new to music. 
"Now in its 20th year, the Wellington High School Band program has consistently earned Superior ratings at Florida Bandmasters Association district assessments in the areas of marching, concert, solo, ensemble, jazz, and auxiliary performance. The band program has also earned several Gold ratings and Sweepstakes Awards in national competitions held in Nashville, Atlanta, Toronto, Orlando, New York City, and Chicago."
Chorus.
At the end of the 2006-2007 school year, longtime choral director Dr. Robert Sharon retired, leaving behind an impressive legacy for the department. The three choirs at that time were separated by talent level. Visions, the beginning choir, Montage, the all-women show choir, and Impressions, the co-ed advanced honor show choir. Montage was seen performing around 15 concerts a year around Palm Beach County. The Impressions choir traveled overseas every year to perform for prime ministers, ambassadors, czars, assistant principals, and sultans, just to name a few. With nearly 60 concerts a year spanning 7 months the Impressions choir was widely known in the area, state, county and even overseas. The choir room became a safe haven for all choir students, many of them calling Dr. Sharon and fellow choir members a family. Doc, as he was known to his students, retired with the 2007 class, leaving behind fond memories for every student he taught, and a many recognitions and awards for Wellington High School. In Fall 2007 Ms. Braedi DeLong took his place. Under Ms. DeLong's guidance, Montage, Impressions, and Visions received high scores at Solo & Ensemble, a local competition. Ms. DeLong was replaced by Mr. Bradley during winter break of that year for unspecified reasons. During that time, the three choirs scores at MPA were impressive, mostly due to the extensive work done by Ms. DeLong, which even Mr. Bradley has stated. At the end of 07–08 school year, it was said that Mr. Bradley would be returning to retirement and a new director would be taking his place. In the fall of 2008, Mr. Chase took the reins from Mr. Bradley, and promptly missed 50 days of school due to a rare inner ear disease. He is now deaf in one ear, and the chorus continues to grow. Bradford Chase is very close to fellow colleague, Barb Forgash. They frequently play tennis and chill in a small jaquizzi located behind Bradford Chase's house.
Literary Magazine.
Mr. Scott Zucker has published Poetic Justice Magazine for very nearly two decades, and it is the longest running poetry magazine in Palm Beach County. In Zucker's class, students are encouraged to submit poems, photos, and other forms of artistic creativity. The magazine is sold to students with the incentive of obtaining extra credit in their English classes.
Newspaper.
"The Wave" is the newspaper for the school. It is now an online newspaper located at whswave.com. It is currently led by Mr. Zucker.
Cross Country.
Coached by Kara Weber and Salvador Mucino, both the girls cross country and boys cross country moved onto Florida's Regional's meet on November 2, 2013. Catie Hessler and Brendan Helssler then progressed onto Florida's States meet.

</doc>
<doc id="5938263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938263" title="Cenotaph (disambiguation)">
Cenotaph (disambiguation)

A cenotaph is a memorial monument.
Cenotaph may also refer to:
Monuments and memorials.
Several monuments and memorials carry the name "Cenotaph" or "The Cenotaph":

</doc>
<doc id="5938266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938266" title="Casa Branca">
Casa Branca

Casa Branca () is a city in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. It was founded in 1841. In the last century, Casa Branca was denominated "Terra das Boçorocas".

</doc>
<doc id="5938271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938271" title="Araeococcus">
Araeococcus

Araeococcus is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae. The genus name is from the Greek “araios” (thin, weak, slight) and the Latin “coccus” (berry). This genus is divided into two subgenera: the type subgenus and "Pseudaraeococcus" Mez. Is originally from Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="5938272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938272" title="Santa Ninfa">
Santa Ninfa

Santa Ninfa is a town and "comune" in South-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani. It has 5,074 inhabitants as of 2004.
History.
Santa Ninfa was founded in 1605 by Luigi Arias Giardina that with approval of King Philip III, began to urbanize the country with roads and civil and religious buildings .
The town was built with concentric roads which converge in the central square (Liberty Square). Over the years, buildings were built such as the Baronial Palace (Palazzo Baronale), the Hospital, the Church of St. Ursula, St. Anne's Church and the Convent of the Third Order of St. Francis, the Mother Church (Chiesa Madre which is the Cathedral of the country) and the prisons.
In 1615, after the founding of the Arcipretura of Santa Ninfa, the country was declared a baronial fief. From that moment on, and in the following centuries, the estate passed from family to family, enriching the country with more and more new buildings.
Even Santa Ninfa knew the terrible scourge of emigration, since the early twentieth century, in which many inhabitants of the land left the country for the United States of America, Canada and Venezuela, looking for work.
Belice Earthquake.
In the 15th of January 1968 the country of Santa Ninfa was hit by the disastrous earthquake of Belice. The quake was of the 9th grade of the Mercalli's Intensity Scale, which caused collapses in the entire country.

</doc>
<doc id="5938295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938295" title="Virtual Reality (play)">
Virtual Reality (play)

Virtual Reality is a 2000 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is set in a modern world where everyone communicates through electronic gadgetty, and is about Alex, a man who invents "Viewdows", a large screen for people to look at pleasant views.
Unusually for his later plays, Ayckbourn was unhappy with the result, and this play was not published and not made available for production.

</doc>
<doc id="5938299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938299" title="The Detroit Jewish News">
The Detroit Jewish News

The Detroit Jewish News is a weekly community newspaper serving the Jewish community of Metro Detroit in Michigan. Jewish Renaissance Media publishes the newspaper. The publication's headquarters are in Southfield.
It bills itself as "the largest, most comprehensive Jewish newspaper in North America." The newspaper was founded in 1942. In the 1980s it was purchased by Charles "Chuck" Buerger, the owner of the "Baltimore Jewish Times". Buerger expanded the scope and the size of the paper, and it regularly exceeded 200 pages. Buerger died in 1996, and the paper was taken over by his son Andrew. In 2000 Andrew Buerger sold it, along with "The Atlanta Jewish Times", to Jewish Renaissance Media, which also operates the website Jewish.com. In 2005 the newspaper claimed an "adult readership of more than 40,000 every week". In 2005 the newspaper won a number of Michigan Press Association awards, including first place for Design, Editorial Writing, Local Columnist, and Special Section, and first and second place for Feature Story. , Arthur M. Horwitz was the publisher and executive editor, and Jackie Headapohl was the managing editor of The Detroit Jewish News and Red Thread (magazine insert).

</doc>
<doc id="5938301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938301" title="List of minor planets/122001–122100">
List of minor planets/122001–122100


</doc>
<doc id="5938303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938303" title="Ayensua">
Ayensua

Ayensua is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae. 

</doc>
<doc id="5938316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938316" title="List of minor planets/122101–122200">
List of minor planets/122101–122200


</doc>
<doc id="5938318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938318" title="Albanian American">
Albanian American

Albanian Americans () are Americans of full or partial Albanian ancestry. According to data from a 2008 Survey of the United States Government, there are 201,118 Americans of full or partial Albanian descent.
Emigration History.
The first documented Albanian to have emigrated to the United States was Kolë Kristofori (), who landed in Boston in the early 1880s and is remembered as the pioneer of the Albanian ethnic group in the USA. It wasn't until the 1900s (decade), however, that a large number of Albanians reached the US Eastern Coast: most of them were young bachelors from southern Albania. 
The majority of this first wave of emigrants, approximatively 10,000, did not intend to permanently settle in the USA, and went back to Albania after World War I. Right at this time, another group of emigrants from Albania reached the USA. This new group settled and intermarried in their new country. The number of Albanians that reported the Albanian language as their mother tongue in 1920 was around 6,000.
Post World War 2.
After World War II the Albanians who emigrated to the USA were mostly political emigrants and in 1970 the figure rose to around 17,000.
Following the Expulsion of Cham Albanians from Greece in the aftermath of WWII, a large number of them migrated to the United States shortly after their expulsion from Greece, asserting that the Communist government in Albania discriminated and persecuted them They managed to retain their traditions and language, and created in 1973 the Chameria Human Rights Association which later merged and became Albanian American Organization Chameria which aimed to protect their rights. (see Cham Albanians).
Allowing for the families that had abandoned their mother tongue, it is estimated that around 70,000 US citizens with an Albanian background lived in the USA in 1980.
In the 1990s many Albanians from Albania, Montenegro, Serbia, the Republic of Macedonia, emigrated to the United States as refugees of war. Another Albanian American (Kosovar Albanian) community in the Riverside, California/San Bernardino area of California includes Kosovars who entered the United States at the March Joint Air Reserve Base in Riverside.
Some Italian Americans who migrated to the United States during the early 20th century were descendants of 15th-century Albanian refugees to southern Italy and spoke an archaic dialect of Tosk Albanian called Arbëresh. The Greater New Orleans area has a large Arbëresh community, mostly descended from 19th-century Sicilian immigrants.
Geographic Distribution.
Currently the areas with the largest population of Americans with Albanian descent are New York City, Indianapolis, Northern New Jersey, Philadelphia, Boston, Chicago, Detroit, Hartford, and Waterbury, Connecticut. 
The rapidly growing Albanian American population of Paterson, New Jersey, within the New York City Metropolitan Area, is the second largest outside of New York City itself, and is expanding into nearby locations in Bergen County, including Garfield, Elmwood Park, and Fair Lawn in New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="5938321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938321" title="The infernal names">
The infernal names

The Infernal Names is a compiled list of adversarial or antihero figures from mythology, for intended use in Satanic ritual. The following names and descriptions are as listed in "The Satanic Bible", written by Church of Satan founder Anton Szandor LaVey. When calling the names, all of them may be recited, or a given number of those most significant to the respective working may be chosen.
Known Inaccuracies.
Eurynomos is misspelled as "Euronymous".

</doc>
<doc id="5938324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938324" title="Minister of Foreign Affairs (Nigeria)">
Minister of Foreign Affairs (Nigeria)

The Nigerian foreign ministry is a statutory body created to handle the external push of Nigeria's domestic vision and ideals; it is headed by the Foreign Minister of Nigeria. As of late its mission has geared towards increasing awareness about Nigeria's economic potential. It is part of the government's executive branch.
From 1961 to 1965, Jaja Wachuku was the First substantive Nigerian Minister of Foreign Affairs and Commonwealth Relations, later called External Affairs. Before Wachuku's tenure, Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa, the then Prime Minister, doubled as Foreign Affairs advocate of Nigeria from 1960 to 1961 when his government created an official Foreign Affairs and Commonwealth Relations ministerial position in favour of Mr. Wachuku as pioneer Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="5938327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938327" title="Billbergia">
Billbergia

Billbergia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae. The genus, named for the Swedish botanist, zoologist, and anatomist Gustaf Johan Billberg, is divided into two subgenera: "Billbergia" and "Helicodea". They are native to forest and scrub, up to an altitude of , in southern Mexico and Central and South America, with many species endemic to Brazil. 
They are rosette-forming, evergreen perennials, usually epiphytic in habit, often with brilliantly coloured flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="5938328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938328" title="The Co-operators">
The Co-operators

The Co-operators Group Limited, founded in 1945, is a Canadian insurance co-operative owned by 45 members including co-ops and credit union centrals. It is one of the largest wholly Canadian-owned multiline insurers, offering auto, home, life, farm, travel, and business insurance as well as investments. The company was started by farmers in Saskatchewan, in 1945. 
The Co-operators Group Ltd. is a co-operative based in Guelph, Ontario. That entity owns several operating companies, the largest of which is Co-operators General Insurance Company, which sells property and casualty insurance (i.e., auto, home and commercial), primarily through its network of more than 485 exclusive agents. The second biggest company in the group is Co-operators Life Insurance Company, based in Regina, which sells life insurance (i.e., life, health, group benefits). Other member companies are HB Group Insurance of Mississauga, The Sovereign General Insurance Company of Calgary, TIC Travel Insurance Coordinators from Toronto, CUMIS Group Limited which is based in Burlington, Ontario, and investment firm Addenda Capital of Montreal. As of March 2011, the group of companies had more than $40 billion in assets under administration.
History.
The roots of The Co-operators can be traced back to the wheat fields of Saskatchewan. The Great Depression, followed by the Second World War, was a time of great adversity for rural communities as many agricultural families lost their belongings, their savings and their life insurance. In this environment, co-operatives were increasingly appealing as a way for a community to pool its resources to help rebuild lives.
A group of farmers in Saskatchewan dreamed of building a co-operative insurance company to protect their assets for future generations. In 1945, with the support of the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool and farm-based prairie co-operatives, Co-operative Life Insurance Company was incorporated in Regina.
Similar developments were underway in Ontario, where the Co-operative Union of Ontario and the Ontario Credit Union League established Co-operators Fidelity & Guarantee Association 1946 to support farmers in that province.
The Saskatchewan- and Ontario-based companies expanded significantly over the years, both in terms of geography and product offerings. The two successor companies, Regina-based Co-operative Insurance Services and Co-operators Insurance Associations of Guelph, established closer ties and, in 1975, merged as CI Management Group, which adopted the brand name "The Co-Operators." In 1978, the company took its present name.
The group of companies has grown steadily since then. Presently, The Co-operators banner includes Addenda Capital, Co-operators General Insurance Company, Co-operators Life Insurance Company, The CUMIS Group, HB Group Insurance, The Sovereign General Insurance Company and TIC Travel Insurance Coordinators.
The company is currently title sponsor for the radio network of the Canadian Football League's Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Awards & Recognition.
Ranked #2 among the Best 50 Corporate Citizens in Canada by Corporate Knights.
Listed among the 50 Best Employers in Canada for eight consecutive years.
Listed among Canada's "Green 30" - a list of Canada’s top employers that are highly regarded for their commitment to environmental, social and economic sustainability.

</doc>
<doc id="5938330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938330" title="List of minor planets/122201–122300">
List of minor planets/122201–122300


</doc>
<doc id="5938333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938333" title="Hunter Mountain (ski area)">
Hunter Mountain (ski area)

Hunter Mountain is a ski resort located about three hours north west of New York City on the New York State Thruway (I-87). It features a vertical drop. 
From its inception in the late 1950s, the management of Hunter Mountain has employed extensive snowmaking facilities. Hunter was the first ski destination in the state of New York to install snow-making, the first in the world with top-to-bottom snow-making, and the first in the world to have 100-percent snow-making coverage of the mountain.
The resort offers snow tubing and snowshoeing as well skiing. Hunter Mountain also features two terrain parks and holds freestyle events throughout the ski season.
History.
During the mid-50’s a group of local businessmen, including Orville, Karl Plattner Sr. and Israel Slutzky, developed plans to revive the area's economy after the Great Depression, World War II and the decline of Catskills tourism had caused long-term economic distress. The sport of skiing was becoming popular, and the group considered developing Hunter Mountain as a ski resort. After a failed lobbying attempt to get the state to develop a new ski area on Hunter Mountain, the group contacted Denise McCluggage, a sports editor at the New York Herald Tribune. They told her they had a mountain to give away to any developer who would build a ski area called Hunter Mountain on it. McCluggage wrote an article that attracted the interest of a group of Broadway show-business people.
This group created the Hunter Mountain Development Corp., which was the first operator of Hunter Mountain. Headed by James Hammerstein, the son of Oscar Hammerstein II, the group included many Hollywood and Broadway stars of the time. With Orville and Izzy Slutzky providing most of the land and their firm I. & O.A. Slutzky providing the construction, ground was broken to develop the ski area in the summer of 1959. The area was given to the group to operate with two stipulations: that it be called “Hunter Mountain Ski Bowl” and that it have snowmaking capabilities, which was a relatively new technology at the time. 
On January 9, 1960, Hunter Mountain opened for the first time with the original “B” Lift in operation. The original “A” Lift was under construction and was not completed in time for the first season. The old Starr Hotel served as the first base lodge, located just below the old Ski and Snowboard School administration building. When the Hunter Mountain Development Corp. went bankrupt by the middle of the 1961/62 season the Slutzky brothers took over the operation.
During the summer of 1962, the “A” lift was completed. This opened up the skiing to the summit. Over the next several years, many new trails were cut, including the opening of the Belt Parkway and the construction of the Upper Shop, and more snow-making was installed. In the summer of 1963, Hunter opened for summer skiing on plastic chips. Summer skiing lasted only a few years. During the winter of 1963/64, Hunter Mountain opened for night skiing for the first time. Night skiing was discontinued in 1972.
In the summer of 1969, construction of the trails on Hunter West began. It was opened with the “Z” Lift for the season. That summer, the Summit Lodge was constructed. The first Hunter Summer Festival took place in July 1975 with the ten-day German Alps Festival. Under the direction of Don Conover and his family, the festivals grew steadily each year thereafter. The Colonel’s Hall was added to the base lodge in the summer of 1977. In addition, the Mini-Lodge in Hunter One was constructed. The Mini-Lodge has since been removed. In 1980, Hunter Mountain became the first ski area in the world to feature snow-making on 100 percent of its trails.
December 1983 saw the opening of the Sushi Bar in the Summit Lounge. In the summer of 1987, The SnowLite Express Quad was built along with the West Wing and CopperTree Restaurant addition to the base lodge.
In 1989, Hunter became the first area in the U.S. to install an automated snow-making system. The system installed on Racer’s Edge by York International was and still is operated remotely from the Upper Shop. This year also saw the completion of the first LiftSide condominiums. Construction and development continued into the 90’s, with lifts, trails and shops added to the complex. During the summer 2010, the resort acknowledged the need to replace the aging AA- Snowlite Express and decided that a high speed six person chairlift from Leitner-Poma would be the replacement. It was completed by opening day for the 2010–2011 season. Also new to the season were the Mid Mountain Tour and the Adventure Tower, operated by Zipline New York. 150 new snow guns were also added for the 2010–2011 season. The summer of 2011 also saw some major changes, including another 150 new snow guns and miscellaneous improvements to the terrain park. The biggest improvement was the installation of a new high speed quad on the west side to replace the Z and Y lifts. The new lift, named the Zephyr Express, was the former AA- Snowlite Express, which had undergone extensive renovations and new station designs.
Orville Slutzky died on April 18, 2013 at the age of 96.
Grooming.
Hunter Mountain's grooming fleet consists of four LMC 4700s and three Pisten Bully Edges for normal grooming operations, in addition to a PB300 Winch Cat for grooming steeper slopes. A Pisten Bully (Snowcat) Park Bully and Pipe Magician used in the Empire Park and Half Pipe round out Hunter's grooming fleet. Hunter also has one LMC 3900 for use in the Snowtubing park. 
Each grooming machine is equipped with flexible roto-tillers which produce a more consistent, smooth surface than straight tillers. The concept of the flex tiller originated at Hunter Mountain and was realized through a joint effort between LMC and Hunter Mountain. Flexible tillers are now used worldwide. Hunter still owns and operates the first two-piece and three-piece snow tillers ever produced, as well as the only four-piece tiller ever made. 
Hunter has a Pipe Magician that is designed for cutting the walls and floor of a Half Pipe.
Related Developments.
Hunter Mountain Shiobara, a Japanese ski resort near Tokyo named after Hunter Mountain, was created with the support of Hunter Mountain New York principal Israel Slutzky.
Competition issues.
In 2006, Paul Slutzky, son of co-founder Orville Slutzky, claimed that privately owned ski areas such as Hunter Mountain do not "operate on a level playing field in New York State" against state-supported areas such as Belleayre.

</doc>
<doc id="5938340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938340" title="Vinhedo">
Vinhedo

Vinhedo is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population in 2004 was 54,194 and its area is 81.956 km². The elevation is 725 m. It was founded in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="5938342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938342" title="Valderice">
Valderice

Valderice (Sicilian: Valdèrici) is a town and "comune" in North-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani. It has 11,544 inhabitants as of 2004. The city is located in the inland, close to the provincial capital city of Trapani, but includes also a seaside "frazione", Bonagia, in its territory.

</doc>
<doc id="5938347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938347" title="Wish I'd Taken Pictures">
Wish I'd Taken Pictures

"Wish I'd Taken Pictures" is the fourth album by queercore band Pansy Division.
The front and back covers feature photographs of Mark Ewert and Moon Trent, taken by Marc Geller.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jon Ginoli, except where noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="5938350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938350" title="Kōji Sakai">
Kōji Sakai

Biography.
A native of Aichi Prefecture, Sakai graduated from the 18th class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1905, and was commissioned into the Imperial Guard's 4th Infantry Regiment. He graduated from the 24th class of the Army Staff College in 1912.
After serving in a staff position within the personnel department of the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff, Sakai was dispatched to France as a military attaché from 1915–1917, and was thus able to observe the fighting in World War I firsthand as an official observer from the Japanese government.
On his return to Japan, Sakai was again assigned to staff positions, but due to his fluency in French and European experience, was selected to participate in the Japanese delegation to the Versailles Peace Treaty negotiations. His rise through the ranks was steady and rapid thereafter: major in 1921, lieutenant colonel in 1925, colonel in 1929, and major general in 1931.
From 1927-1929, Sakai served on Japan's delegation to League of Nations. On his return to Japan, he was given command of the IJA 22nd Infantry Regiment from 1929–1931 and served as an instructor at the Army War College from 1931-1934. He was Commandant of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy from 1934-1936.
In 1936, Sakai was appointed commander of the IJA 24th Infantry Brigade, and was assigned to China with tensions rising in the prelude to the Second Sino-Japanese War. From 1937-1938, he was commander of the IJA 1st Independent Mixed Brigade, which participated in Operation Chahar to seize Chahar Province from China. 
After the success of that operation, Sakai was transferred to rear echelon operations as commander of the IJA 7th Depot Division in 1938 and the IJA 109th Division in 1939. He retired from active service in 1940. During the final stages of the Pacific War, he was recalled to active duty, but served in a largely advisory capacity to the Army General Staff from 1943-1944.

</doc>
<doc id="5938353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938353" title="List of minor planets/122301–122400">
List of minor planets/122301–122400


</doc>
<doc id="5938358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938358" title="Whenever (play)">
Whenever (play)

Whenever is a 2000 children's musical play with words Alan Ayckbourn and music by Denis King, that was shown as the Stephen Joseph Theatre's Christmas production. It is loosely derived from "The Wizard of Oz", and it is about a young Victorian girl named Emily to travels back and forth in time to avert a disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="5938362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938362" title="Mayo Lake">
Mayo Lake

Mayo Lake is a reservoir located in northeastern Person County, North Carolina. Boating entrance, walking trails, swimming access, picnic and camp site areas (collectively known as Mayo Park) are accessed from Neals Store Road about 9 miles north of the city of Roxboro along NC 49. It is the smaller of Person County's two lakes.
Also known as Mayo Reservoir, it was created by a dam impoundment of Mayo Creek (not to be confused with the Mayo River).

</doc>
<doc id="5938364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938364" title="Brewcaria">
Brewcaria

Brewcaria is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Pitcairnioideae. The genus is named for Charles Brewer-Carías, Venezuelan explorer and naturalist.

</doc>
<doc id="5938366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938366" title="Hollie Robertson">
Hollie Robertson

Hollie Victoria Robertson (born 21 March 1985) is an English dancer who won the second series of the BBC One dance talent show "Strictly Dance Fever" together with partner Darrien Wright. In the final they beat Darren Bailey and Lana Williams.
Early life.
Robertson grew up in Ludlow, Shropshire. Her background is gymnastics in which she participated from the age of six to thirteen until she slipped a disc. She achieved third place at the British Championships in the vaulting horse, later getting into hip hop dance. Robertson names Levell Smith Junior as her biggest influence.
Education.
Robertson took dance classes at In-Steps in Ludlow, where she still teaches hip hop and commercial jazz. From 2005 she attended the Midlands Academy of Dance and Drama in Nottingham for a two year course in musical theatre.
Career before Strictly Dance Fever.
In 2004, Robertson won choreographer Wade Robson's MTV show, "Shakedown", taking the title of best dancer in Europe. In 2005, she was a backing dancer in the video of the single "Only U" by Ashanti. She has also danced for Rachel Stevens and McFly.
Strictly Dance Fever.
"Strictly Dance Fever" is an amateur dance competition broadcast on the BBC, consisting of several rounds of auditions followed by weekly live shows in which one couple is voted off each week until three couples are left for the final live show. Voting is done by professional judges and the viewing public, each making up 50% of the total score. The four judges award scores out of ten, while the public phones in to vote for their favourite. During the weeks of the live shows, the couples live together in a "Dance Mansion" where they receive intensive training.
The show is open to non-professional dancers over the age of 18. Even though Robertson had previously won a similar competition on MTV called "Shakedown" and had been awarded the title of best dancer in Europe, she was not a professional dancer and therefore was allowed to enter.
Robertson participated in series two, which was broadcast in the spring of 2006. In that series 80,000 participants applied for the auditions. Over a million telephone votes were cast over the course of the series.
Robertson auditioned with her boyfriend Bruno. Eventually he was not selected for the live shows and she was partnered with Darrien Wright. Robertson and Wright won the final on 3 June 2006 beating Darren Bailey and Lana Williams.
Robertson and Wright received the top score of ten out of ten of all the judges on both their dances in the final. They performed The Milonga and a freestyle dance. In an earlier round they had also achieved the highest possible score for one of their dances.
The prize consisted of ₤50,000 for the couple and a contract to dance for one week in the production of "Footloose" on the West End. Robertson said after winning the final: "I want to put the prize money towards a dance studio so I can teach."
Career after Strictly Dance Fever.
As part of their prize, Robertson and Wright won a professional dance contract. This culminated early in July 2006 when, for a week, the pair took to the West End stage as background dancers in "Footloose" in London's Novello Theatre.
David Essex and Cheryl Baker also starred in the show.
Robertson's career suffered a minor set-back when she was injured after an attack on holiday in Portugal. Regarding this incident she's quoted as saying: "I've never had anything so painful happen to me in my life before. It was horrible, absolutely horrible. [...] Stuff happens to you in life and you just have to get on with it and as long as I don't stop dancing it's ok...I'll be ok."
Robertson is currently appearing in the UK tour of "Fame"
alongside dance partner Darrien Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="5938369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938369" title="List of minor planets/122401–122500">
List of minor planets/122401–122500


</doc>
<doc id="5938381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938381" title="Outdoor Life Conservation Pledge">
Outdoor Life Conservation Pledge

The Outdoor Life Conservation Pledge was established in 1946 and then revised in 1993. The pledge was written to remind readers of Outdoor Life magazine and other sportsmen of the vigilance needed to preserve the natural world. The pledge has been taken by thousands of people including Harry S. Truman and Al Gore, and it runs on the letters page of every issue of Outdoor Life.
The pledge reads:
Along with the pledge, two awards are given annually by the magazine to honor an individual in the private sector and one in the public sector. The Outdoor Life Conservation Award was first presented in 1923 to those who "accomplish the greatest good for the sportsmen's cause in the United States," said founder J. A. McGuire. Ordinary people and celebrities have both received the award. Probably the most famous recipient is Jimmy Carter.

</doc>
<doc id="5938387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938387" title="Hyco River">
Hyco River

The Hyco River is a tributary of the Dan River, which is a tributary of the Roanoke River. All three rivers flow through the U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia. In Person County, North Carolina the Hyco River is impounded by a dam, forming Hyco Lake. The main part of the river flows through Allensville, North Carolina (a township of Roxboro), on Gentry's Ridge and Mill Creek roads as it flows into Virginia townships such as Alton, Virginia, and Cluster Springs, Virginia, then combining with the Dan River.
According to the USGS the Hyco River has been known by the variant names Hicootomony Creek, Hy Coyee River, Hyco Creek, and Hyco-o-tee River.

</doc>
<doc id="5938388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938388" title="List of minor planets/122501–122600">
List of minor planets/122501–122600


</doc>
<doc id="5938390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938390" title="Canistrum">
Canistrum

Canistrum is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae. The genus names is from the Greek “kanistron” (a kind of basket carried on the head). This genus is endemic to the Brazilian Atlantic Forest. There are currently 13 species divided into two subgenra: "Canistrum" and "Cucullatanthus" Leme.

</doc>
<doc id="5938396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938396" title="São Joaquim da Barra">
São Joaquim da Barra

São Joaquim da Barra is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population in 2004 was 44,472 and the area is 413.49 km². The elevation is 625 m.

</doc>
<doc id="5938397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938397" title="List of minor planets/122601–122700">
List of minor planets/122601–122700


</doc>
<doc id="5938402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938402" title="Grenadan patrol boat Tyrrel Bay (PB-01)">
Grenadan patrol boat Tyrrel Bay (PB-01)

"Tyrrel Bay" (PB-01) is a United States-built Guardian-class patrol boat ordered for the Grenadan Coast Guard. She was built for Grenada at the US's request and entered service in November 1984. The builder was Lantana Boatyard and the ship was put together at Lantana, Florida. The "Tyrrel Bay" has an aluminum hull construction, and was overhauled in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5938405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938405" title="Austrian American">
Austrian American

Austrian Americans (German: Österreich-Amerikaners) are Americans of Austrian descent. According to the 2000 US census, there were 735,128 Americans of full or partial Austrian descent, accounting for 0.3% of the population. The states with the largest Austrian American populations were New York (93,083), California (84,959), Pennsylvania (58,002) (most of them in the Lehigh Valley), Florida (54,214), New Jersey (45,154), and Ohio (27,017). This is probably a severe undercount, as many German Americans have ancestors from Austria, the Austrian Empire or the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Before World War I, by which time a large percentage of Germans had immigrated to the United States, Austrians were often categorized as German people, largely because of their shared cultural-linguistic and ethnic origin and Austria being one of many historical German states of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation.
History of the emigration.
Before World War II, Austrian migration to United States was difficult to be determined, because Austria as an independent country was established in 1918, being until this moment, a multicultural Empire. However, after this initial wave of settlers, Austrian immigration was low during the first half of the nineteenth century. During this period, fewer than 1,000 Austrians emigrated to the United States.
The Austrians who settled in Illinois and Iowa received religious education thanks to a shipment of 100 to 200 Catholic priests from Germany and Austria by The Leopoldine Stiftung, an Austrian foundation that funded those priests for the newly emigrated and the Native American, and monitored their religious education. Most of the emigrated were Tyroleans in search of land, people who fled the oppressive Metternich regime. These political refugees were mostly anticlerical and against slavery. They were liberals and adapted quickly to their new country.
The immigration of Austrians increased during the second half of 19th century, reaching 275,000 by 1900. Many Austrians worked in the United States as miners, servants, and common laborers. Many Austrians settled in New York, Pittsburgh, and Chicago. Since 1880, when a mass emigration started from all over Europe, Austrians also emigrated massively to the United States, looking for new agricultural land on which to work, because during this time the Austrian Empire was undergoing industrialization, fields being replaced by cities, and they were disappointed upon their discovery that the same was happening in the western United States. Many of these immigrants came from Burgenland. During the years 1901-1910 alone, Austrians were one of the ten most significant immigrant groups in the United States, totalling more than 2.1 million Austrians.
Most of these newly immigrated Austrians were cosmopolitan and followed a left-wing ideology. They found employment in Chicago stockyards and Pennsylvania cement and steel factories. Many of them, more than 35 percent, returned to Austria with the savings they had made by their employment.
Since the First World War and until the end of the Great Depression, Austrian immigration was low until it slowed to a trickle during the years of the Depression. During the postwar period of 1919 to 1924, fewer than 20,000 Austrians arrived in the United States, most of them from Burgenland. Also, laws restricting immigration to the U.S. imposed by the Austrian government limited Austrian emigration, further reducing it to only 1,413 persons per year. However, in the late 1930s, a new Austrian wave of immigrants began arriving in the United States. Most of them were Jews fleeing the Nazi persecution which started with the Annexation of Austria in 1938. In 1941, some 29,000 Jewish Austrians had emigrated to the United States. Most of them were doctors, lawyers, architects and artists (such as composers, writers, and stage and film directors).
Much later, between 1945–1960, some 40,000 Austrians entered the United States. Since the 60s, however, Austrian immigration has been negligible, mostly because Austria is nowadays a developed nation where poverty and political oppression is scarce. According to the 1990 U.S. census, 948,558 people claimed be of Austrian descent, only 0.4 percent of the total population, when in the 19th century, a total of 4,2 million Austrians had immigrated to the United States.
Assimilation.
The Austrian immigrants adapted quickly to American society, because the Austrian Empire had also been a melting pot of many cultures and languages. On the other hand, despite the rejection that Austrians feel about the behavior of the Germans, they regard themselves as more tolerant and cosmopolitan than the Germans, but have suffered the same damages and discrimination that German immigrants faced in United States, as they were being considered by Americans, to be the same, due to their origin and German language.
Religion.
Most Austrian Americans speak American English and German (official language of Austria). However, unlike Germans, most Austrians are Roman Catholic. Austrian contribution in the 19th century regarding the missionization of Native Americans is remarkable. However, in the nineteenth century, Austrians also had to work with Irish Catholic Priests, who couldn't speak the German language, to baptize the natives and convert them to Catholicism. Thus, the Leopoldine Stiftung sent money and priests into North America. This led to the creation of over 400 churches on the East Coast, in the Midwest, and in "Indian country" further west. Especially prominent in cities such as in Cincinnati and St. Louis. The Benedictines and Franciscans also built thousands of congregations.
However, this expansion of Catholicism conducted by Austrian priests caused a rejection of them in American society, as this could alter the religious balance in the country. Therefore, for a long time Austrians once again had to struggle to adapt to American life. The twentieth century reduced the religiosity of the average Austrian American, as did the general population. In this century, the emigration of other religious groups from Austria to the United States, especially the Jews, has also contributed to strengthen religious variety in the United States.
Austrian settlements in the US.
US communities with high percentages of people of Austrian ancestry.
The top US communities with the highest percentage of people claiming Austrian ancestry are:
U.S. communities with the most residents born in Austria.
Top 101 U.S. communities with the most residents born in Austria are:

</doc>
<doc id="5938412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938412" title="Joseph Parry (politician)">
Joseph Parry (politician)

Joseph Walcott Parry was born in Cotton Ground, educated in Charlestown Secondary School and obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and Economics at the University of the West Indies.
Mr. Parry served as President of Nevis Cricket association for over ten years, as Nevis representative on the Leeward Islands Cricket Association for six years and represented Leeward Islands Cricket Association on the West Indies Cricket Board of Control.
Personal achievements.
Joseph Parry spent most of his civil career as a teacher at the Charlestown Secondary School.
On December the 31st 2009, "Nevispages" reported Joseph Walcott Parry as the "Man of the Year 2009". Criteria were based in the person or persons who most affected the news and lives if the Nevisians.
In the private sector, Parry is a founding member and chairman of the Bank of Nevis Mutual Fund.
Political achievements.
Joseph Parry was Premier of Nevis from 11 July 2006 to 23 January 2013. He is the leader of the Nevis Reformation Party (NRP).
In the 10 July 2006 Island Assembly election, Parry's NRP won three out of five seats, ending the 14-year rule of the Concerned Citizens' Movement (CCM).
In the 11 July 2011 Island Assembly election, Parry's NRP again won three out of five seats and was return to office for a second term.
In the 22 January 2013 Island Assembly election, Parry's NRP won two out of five seats and therefore was succeeded as Premier by Vance Amory.
Joseph Parry was responsible for establishing the social security office and is considered the architect of the Nevis Civil service structure after Nevis' independence in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="5938415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938415" title="Margherita Gonzaga, Duchess of Ferrara">
Margherita Gonzaga, Duchess of Ferrara

Margherita Gonzaga d'Este, Duchess of Ferrara (27 May 1564 – 6 January 1618) was an Italian noblewoman, the daughter of William I, Duke of Mantua (Guglielmo Gonzaga) and Eleonora of Austria, and the sister of Vincent I, Duke of Mantua and Anna Caterina Gonzaga. She was the wife of Alfonso II d'Este, Duke of Ferrara and Modena, whom she married in February 1579. This was the duke's third marriage, and it was hoped that she would produce a male heir. She did not, which partially led to the city of Ferrara's acquisition by the Papal States. 
Margherita was born and raised in her father's court in Mantua. Alfonso's "concerto delle donne" was formed in part to please her, and all of the members were on the court rolls as her ladies in waiting, and the concerts were frequently held in her apartments. When she married she used her influence at Mantua to convince her father to allow Livia d'Arco, a Mantuan, to join the Ferrarese court as one of her ladies in waiting, so that she could participate in the "concerto delle donne". 
A great number of madrigals and anthologies of madrigals were dedicated to her, either singly or to both herself and her husband. These include a number of madrigals by the "maestro di capella" of the Duke's brother, Cardinal Luigi d'Este, Luca Marenzio, including "Lucida perla", to a text by Giovanni Battista Guarini for her wedding; "O verdi selvi" with text by Torquato Tasso, as well as a number of madrigals with texts by Tasso dedicated to "her" dwarf or "nana", Isabella, such as "Là dove sono i pargoletti Amori".
"Balletto delle donne".
Margherita was the sponsor of the groundbreaking "balletto delle donne", an entertainment including dance, madrigal, and instrumental music, performed at Carnival as well as for important visitors to the court. These entertainments were created with the choreography first, then the music, then the text. All of the members of the "balletto" were women, and some were also in the "concerto delle donne", including Laura Peverara (who cross dressed in at least one instance), Anna Guarini, and Livia d'Arco, at least in 1582 and 1583, as well as Vittoria Bentivoglio, a member of the first incarnation of the "concerto". 
Instead of the "balletto" being a spontaneous dance among the courtiers, as it had been up until 1579, it became an elaborate and well-rehearsed entertainment. These entertainments frequently included the women cross-dressing, which was often commented on by contemporary chroniclers. Alfonso assisted in these entertainments by helping to keep the floor cleared and other small favors, however he was not as personally involved in them as Margherita, who danced in them herself, nor was he as involved with them as he was with the "concerto delle donne". One ballet was composed and performed in honor of the marriage, on 22 February 1581, of Laura Peverara, who was very highly esteemed.
Programs for the "balletti" were made, however these may have been handwritten rather than printed, and none survive. Alfonso kept the entertainments at his court highly secret, and one contemporary correspondent wrote that the entertainments were so "private" that a program could not be obtained, not even to be sent to Cardinal Luigi d'Este. Luzzasco Luzzaschi and Ippolito Fiorini wrote music for the "balletto", and Giovanni Battista Guarini wrote texts, however these do not survive. This entertainment probably continued until the end of the Este court in 1597, when Alfonso died and the city was taken over by the papacy.

</doc>
<doc id="5938416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938416" title="List of minor planets/122701–122800">
List of minor planets/122701–122800


</doc>
<doc id="5938418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938418" title="Märkisch Buchholz">
Märkisch Buchholz

Märkisch Buchholz is a small town in the Dahme-Spreewald district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the Dahme River, 20 km northwest of Lübben (Spreewald) and resp. 50 km southeast of Berlin.
Overview.
The town is the smallest one in Brandenburg with town status. Founded in the 12th or 13th century the town's first historical mention dated on 13 August 1301, described as "castrum et oppidum Buchholt". The town was heavily destroyed during the last day of World War II, due to strategic position at the Dahme river in Battle of Halbe. The federal highway B179 connect the town direct with Berlin.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5938422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938422" title="Anthony Michael Milone">
Anthony Michael Milone

Anthony Michael Milone (1932—) was the sixth bishop of the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska on September 24, 1932. 
Milone studied at the seminary at Conception Abbey in Conception, Missouri, the North American College and the Gregorian University in Rome; on December 15, 1957 he was ordained a priest in the Archdiocese of Omaha. On November 10, 1981, Milone was appointed titular bishop of Plestia and auxiliary bishop of Omaha; on December 14, 1987 he was appointed Bishop of Great Falls-Billings; he was installed on February 23, 1988. Pope Benedict XVI accepted Milone's resignation, for reasons of health, on July 12, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5938430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938430" title="List of minor planets/122801–122900">
List of minor planets/122801–122900


</doc>
<doc id="5938431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938431" title="Connellia">
Connellia

Connellia is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Pitcairnioideae. The genus name is for Frederick Vavasour McConnell, English ornithologist and biologist (1868-1914).

</doc>
<doc id="5938433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938433" title="Henry Pottinger Stephens">
Henry Pottinger Stephens

Henry Pottinger Stephens, also known as Henry Beauchamp (1851 – 11 February 1903), was an English dramatist and journalist. With a variety of partners, he wrote burlesques, comic operas and musical comedies that briefly rivalled the Savoy Operas in popular esteem. 
Life and career.
"Pot" Stephens was born in Barrow-on-Soar, Leicestershire. He started his career as a journalist, working for "The Daily Telegraph" and "Tit-Bits", among others, and was the first editor of "Topical Times". He began writing for the stage, and in 1873 his "comedietta" "Rosebud's Rose" was presented by an amateur company in Bournemouth. He wrote his first burlesque, "Back from India", in 1879 under the aegis of German Reed's management at St. George's Hall. The piece, with music by Cotsford Dick, was judged a "decided success" by "The Era". Stephens soon wrote lyrics for F. C. Burnand's burlesque of "Rob Roy", "Robbing Roy", at the Gaiety Theatre and collaborated with Burnand on a couple of other burlesques, "Balloonacy, a New and Original Musical Extravaganza", with music by Edward Solomon, and "The Corsican Brothers and Co, Limited".
After Gilbert and Sullivan's "H.M.S. Pinafore" became a hit, Stephens was inspired to collaborate with Solomon on a comic opera, "Billee Taylor" (1880), which played in London at the same time as "The Pirates of Penzance". "Billee Taylor" received favourable comparisons with Gilbert and Sullivan's piece in the press and caused its authors to be hailed briefly as the equals of Richard D'Oyly Carte's prized writing team. Solomon and Stephens also had a success in "Claude Duval" (1881). Carte produced successful tours of "Claude Duval" and "Billee Taylor" in America. 
In 1882, Stevens obtained Anthony Trollope's permission to adapt the latter's novel, "Doctor Wortle's School" for the stage. In the same year Stephens married, but in 1887 his wife, Elizabeth Alice, divorced him for adultery. There were two children of the marriage. Also in 1882, Stephens and Solomon wrote two comic operas, "Virginia and Paul", for the rising star Lillian Russell, and "Lord Bateman" for the Gaiety Theatre.
Stephens returned to burlesque with "Galatea, or Pygmalion Reversed" in 1883, with music by Meyer Lutz. In the same year he collaborated with the composer Florian Pascal on a comic opera, "The Black Squire". Stephens had further successes with "The Vicar of Wide-awake-field" and "Little Jack Sheppard" (both 1885, with music by Lutz) under George Edwardes's management at the Gaiety Theatre. 
In 1884, Solomon and Lillian Russell sued Stephens for libel, but by 1889 Solomon and Stephens were friendly enough to collaborate on a successful musical comedy, "The Red Hussar" (1889), starring Marie Tempest and Arthur Williams.
Stephens also wrote novels, plays, pantomimes, and an 1899 revue, "A Dream of Whitaker's Almanack", with Walter Slaughter, Pascal, Georges Jacobi and Walter Hedgecock. He also acted in some of these. 
Stephens died in London, aged 51.

</doc>
<doc id="5938437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938437" title="Morse (CTA station)">
Morse (CTA station)

Morse is an 'L' station on the CTA's Red Line. It is located at 1358 West Morse Avenue in Chicago, Illinois (directional coordinates 6950N, 1400W; misidentified on station signage as 6900N). The station was formerly known as Rogers Park or Morse-Rogers Park. There is an automated entry/exit from the north end of the platform onto Lunt Avenue (7000N). The Rogers Park neighborhood, located in the far northeast corner of Chicago, has four 'L' stations (N to S): Howard, Jarvis, Morse, and Loyola.
History.
The station was first constructed in 1908, and rebuilt in 1921 as the line was elevated. This mostly brick and concrete station remains today, although the station was extensively renovated in 2012. The wooden platform was replaced with a new concrete platform, and the interior of the Morse Ave. station house was completely gutted and rebuilt. During this time, the station house was also expanded into an unused adjacent retail space. Shortly after this renovation, an empty storefront adjacent to the Lunt Ave. exit was demolished, and a bicycle parking lot was constructed in its place.
The Rogers Park Metra commuter railroad station is five blocks to the west of Morse station on Lunt Avenue.
There are several businesses that are also housed in the building containing the station. Under the Morse Avenue viaduct are Morse El Liquors and Leni Blumyin, DPM. The remaining storefront under the Lunt Ave. exit at the north end of the station is currently empty. The Heartland Cafe is across the street from the Lunt Ave. exit.
Stroller controversy.
On November 2, 2009, an incident occurred at the Morse station involving a child in a stroller that is under some dispute. Ebere Ozonwu claims that as she was rushing to catch a southbound train, pushing her daughter ahead of her in a stroller, the train's doors closed on the stroller and dragged it, eventually flinging her daughter onto the gravel at the end of the platform and carrying the stroller away. Traces of paint found on the stroller, possibly from the guardrail at the end of the platform, seem to confirm this story, but the operator claims that the doors were carefully checked and the train could not have moved if the doors were not closed.
Bus connections.
CTA

</doc>
<doc id="5938439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938439" title="Hyco Lake">
Hyco Lake

Hyco Lake is a reservoir in Person and Caswell counties, North Carolina. It is the area's main destination for fishing, boating, water skiing, wake boarding, and recreation and is the larger of Person County's two lakes, the other being Mayo Lake. The lake was formed from the Hyco River and has three main tributaries; North Hyco Creek, South Hyco Creek, and Cobb's Creek. Interest in the lake for vacation homes has created numerous homes along its shores with relatively high property values. Over 1500 homes have been constructed around the lake with approximately 800 occupied year-round. It runs through the following municipalities: Semora, Leasburg, and the city of Roxboro located about ten miles (16 km) from the lake. 
Hyco Lake was constructed in the early 1960s by Carolina Power and Light Company (now Duke Energy Progress.) as a cooling reservoir for their power generating plant. Since its establishment, the lake and its recreation park have been under the jurisdiction of the Person-Caswell Lake Authority. The water is regulated by the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources. Duke Energy Progress. owns the land surrounding the lake up to the above-sea-level mark. The lake covers , containing about of water, with of shoreline. Hurricane Hilda elevated Hyco Lake's water level. 
The name Hyco is derived from "Hicotaminy" which is what the native Indians called the area due to the number of turkey buzzards which and still are in the area. Hicotaminy means "great turkey buzzard". 

</doc>
<doc id="5938450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938450" title="List of minor planets/122901–123000">
List of minor planets/122901–123000


</doc>
<doc id="5938454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938454" title="Leaping Michaels">
Leaping Michaels

In the game of bridge, Leaping Michaels is a conventional overcall in 4 or 4 made in defense to opposing 2-level or 3-level preemptive openings. Leaping Michaels shows a strong two-suited hand (5-5 or longer) that is less suitable for a takeout double and is game forcing. Described as an overcall by some of a weak two-bid of a major, others expand its application to all weak preempts at the 2 or 3-level in both the majors and minors.
Holding such two-suited hands and using Leaping Michaels, opponent's opening preempts between 2 and 3 inclusive are overcalled in accordance with the following table:
After (3) – 4, a bid of 4 asks for the major. The bids 4 and 4 are to play.
Following (3) – 4 the bid of 4 is played as pass-or-correct.
Some partnerships prefer to interchange the meanings of the 4 and 4 bids following a 3 preempt so that 4 denotes diamonds and an undisclosed major. This has the advantage that the 4 becomes available to ask for the major suit. The 4/4 responses can then be played as natural (to play).
Leaping Michaels can be utilised after natural two-level preempts, but also after conventional preempts such as Muiderberg. Even after a Multi 2 diamonds preempt, Leaping Michaels can be utilised to good effect:

</doc>
<doc id="5938456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938456" title="Cottendorfia">
Cottendorfia

Cottendorfia is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Pitcairnioideae. The genus name is for Johann Georg Freiherr Cotta von Cottendorf, German patron of the sciences (1796-1863).

</doc>
<doc id="5938457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938457" title="Markneukirchen">
Markneukirchen

Markneukirchen is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, close to the Czech border. It lies in between the Erzgebirge and the Fichtelgebirge in the Elstergebirge, southeast of Plauen, and northeast of Asch (Czech Republic).
Markneukirchen is the main town of the small musical instrument-making region, known for four centuries for high quality brass and string instruments. Within this small locality, 113 different enterprises are involved in making musical instruments. They rely on traditional methods but sell all over the world.
The town is home to the Museum of Musical Instruments founded in 1883 by "Paul Otto Apian-Bennewitz". It hosts an annual International Instrumental Competition and master classes. [http://www.instrumental-competition.de/engl/fs-engl.htm] Since 1993 the competition has been a member of the World Federation of International Music Competitions. Arnold Voigt worked in the town for most of his life.
History.
"Nothaft": In the 13th century, the new village was established and took the name of the local Egerland nobility: "Albertus Nothaft de Wildstein", who was occupying the area and moving in families from Bayern and Oberpfalz. In a deed from a century later, 1378, it was referred to as "Nuwenkirchen dictum Nothaft".
Around 1274 the name was first recorded as "Neukirchen" (new church). The new church building was mentioned in a deed from Klosters Waldsassen, as "Chunradus de Newenkirchen".
In 1357 ("Nuenkirchin") and 1360 ("stat") the place gained a market with the same rights as the neighbouring towns of Adorf und Oelsnitz. The market was founded by Vögte von Plauen (either Heinrich der Ältere or Heinrich der Lange), who used it to establish a higher place in the pecking order, in their struggle with the Wettiner dynasty.
The town's instrument-making history stems from the 17th century arrival of a group of Protestants fleeing religious persecution across the border in Bohemia. Among them were some who already practised the instrument trade. By the 1900s, 80 percent of the world's musical instruments were made in this small town.
Under communist rule, the businesses in the town were reorganised collectively. The state managed trade with the outside world, and decided a production schedule for the instrument makers at the start of each year, rendering it a useful foreign-exchange income.
The present spelling "Markneukirchen", that is "Mark" without a "t", was fixed in 1858 by royal decree from Dresden, so it would not be confused with other Neukirchens.
Local government reorganisation.
In 1994 Wohlhausen and Breitenfeld were subsumed into Markneukirchen (on January and 1 March respectively), and Landwüst joined in 1999. Erlbach became part of Markneukirchen in 2014.
Population.
Population growth:
Coat of arms.
The arms share with Plauen und Adorf the motif of the Plauen Vögte, that is a left-facing lion with doubled tail and aggressive tongue.
Public transport.
Markneukirchen's first railway station was on the Chemnitz-Aue-Adorf Line near Siebenbrunn. In 1909 the Stichbahn railway from Siebenbrunn to Erlbach opened with a station near the post office and in the town centre. This closed in 1975 and Siebenbrunn on the Vogtlandbahn became the nearest station again.

</doc>
<doc id="5938458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938458" title="Visage (album)">
Visage (album)

Visage is the eponymous debut studio album by the British new wave band Visage. It was recorded at Genetic Sound Studios in Reading, Berkshire and released by Polydor Records on 10 November 1980. The album reached No. 13 in the UK and was certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry in March 1981. It features the hit single "Fade to Grey", which reached No. 8 on the UK Singles Chart and Top 10 positions in Europe, including No. 1 in Germany and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="5938471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938471" title="Mairiporã">
Mairiporã

Mairiporã is a Brazilian municipality in São Paulo state. It is part of the São Paulo metropolitan area. 
The population in 2009 was estimated in 79,155 inhabitants and the total area is 321,5 km², resulting in a Population density of 233.4 people per km2.
Name Meaning.
mairy: village, city + poranga: beautiful. Beautiful city
History.
It became a municipality in 1889, separating from Guarulhos, it was named "Juqueri", and it comprised also what today are the cities of Franco da Rocha, Caieiras and Francisco Morato. The current name was adopted in December 1948.
Geography.
Mairiporã is situated at an average altitude of 790m. The highest points of Mairiporã are in Serra da Cantareira, where it reaches an altitude of over 1100m in some areas.
Climate: Like in all of the São Paulo metropolitan area, the climate is subtropical. Summer is considerably warm and rainy while the winter is mild. The average annual temperature is about 18°C. The coldest month is July with an average 14°C and the warmest February with an average 22°C. The annual pluviometric index is about 1400mm.
Demographics - Data from 2000 Census
Total population - 60.111
Population density: 186.97 people per km2
Infant mortality: 18.60 per thousand
Life expectancy: 69.82 years
Total fertility rate: 2.22 per woman
Literacy rate: 90.7%
Human Development Index: 0.803
Roads.
BR-381 Rodovia Fernão Dias.
Road connecting São Paulo Capital City to Belo Horizonte in the state of Minas Gerais. BR-381 crosses Mairiporã from south to north, from Parque suíço in the south to Terra Preta in the north.
SP-023 Rodovia Prefeito Luiz Salomão Chamma.
Connects SP-332 Rodovia Tancredo de Almeida Neves in Franco da Rocha to BR-381 Rodovia Fernão Dias.
Tourism.
Mairiporã is a city in Serra da Cantareira north of São Paulo City. It is in a great location for tourists who are searching for connection with nature and tranquility yet close to the capital.
The city is rich in many radical sports, like Paraglider in Pico do Olho D'água, Downhill in Trilha da Saracura, the Trilha dos Macacos with waterfalls among others.

</doc>
<doc id="5938474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938474" title="Kirkdale TMD">
Kirkdale TMD

Kirkdale TMD (code "KK") is a Traction Maintenance Depot located beside Kirkdale railway station in north Liverpool, England. It is the largest depot on the Merseyrail network, located on the Northern Line and is used primarily for stabling units, carrying out minor repair works and cleaning units both outside and in.
Although the Kirkdale is the largest depot, most heavy maintenance is carried out at Birkenhead North TMD. Units transfer between the two depots by travelling into Liverpool Central Platform 2, changing ends, then taking the single track, bi-directional Stock Transfer Line to James Street Platform 2, before continuing towards Birkenhead.
History.
Originally known as "Bank Hall sidings", the depot area was a large area of sidings with more than 30 roads but, following the end of express trains from Liverpool Exchange in May 1970, these were rarely used. In the 1976, when the new "Link" tunnel was being built to replace Liverpool Exchange, the sidings were lifted and transformed into a modern maintenance depot, which was named after the nearby station. A new shed with four roads was constructed, with inspection pits under the tracks. Each road is long enough to house two 3-car sets coupled together. Also constructed was a new carriage wash plant so that units could be driven through and cleaned within minutes; this is the only active washing plant on Merseyrail, the other at Birkenhead North TMD having been destroyed by consistent vandalism.
Recent.
In 2006, a new wheel lathe was constructed at the depot in an area formerly used for storage of departmental equipment. The new lathe has ended the need to tow train sets to the lathe at Allerton TMD near Hunts Cross railway station with a Class 08 shunter.
Allocation.
The Class 507 and Class 508 electric multiple units are based at Kirkdale depot, regularly stabled in the back sidings near Bank Hall railway station. In 2006, a new small shunter was allocated to the depot to take sets into the new wheel lathe.
Previously, battery locomotives and Class 73 locos have been stored at the depot in the past for sandite duties in the winter. Network Rail stables the MPV diesel unit(s) here occasionally during the leaf fall season. 

</doc>
<doc id="5938478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938478" title="Cryptanthus">
Cryptanthus

Cryptanthus is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae. The genus name is from the Greek “cryptos” (hidden) and “anthos” (flower). This genus has two recognized subgenera: the type subgenus and "Hoplocryptanthus" Mez. All species of this genus are endemic to Brazil. The common name for any Cryptanthus is "Earth Star".

</doc>
<doc id="5938486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938486" title="Basque American">
Basque American

Basque Americans () are Americans who are of Basque ancestry. According to the 2000 US census, there are 57,793 Americans of full or partial Basque descent, but the real number of Basque Americans could easily get 100,000 people. Of them, 41,811 people claimed be, simply Basque American, 9,296 claimed be originating from Spanish Basque Country and the others 6,686 claimed be originating from the French Basque Country. The states with the largest Basque-American populations are California (20,868), Idaho (6,637), Nevada (6,096), Washington (2,665) and Oregon (2,627).
Ties to Early American history.
Referring to the historical ties that existed between the Basque Country and the United States, some authors stress the admiration felt by John Adams, second president of the US, for the Basques' historical form of government. Adams, who on his tour of Europe visited Biscay, was impressed. He cited the Basques as an example in "A defense of the Constitution of the United States", as he wrote in 1786:
"In a research like this, after those people in Europe who have had the skill, courage, and fortune, to preserve a voice in the government, Biscay, in Spain, ought by no means to be omitted. While their neighbours have long since resigned all their pretensions into the hands of kings and priests, this extraordinary people have preserved their ancient language, genius, laws, government, and manners, without innovation, longer than any other nation of Europe. Of Celtic extraction, they once inhabited some of the finest parts of the ancient Boetica; but their love of liberty, and unconquerable aversion to a foreign servitude, made them retire, when invaded and overpowered in their ancient feats, into these mountainous countries, called by the ancients "Cantabria"…"
"…It is a republic; and one of the privileges they have most insisted on, is not to have a king: another was, that every new lord, at his accession, should come into the country in person, with one of his legs bare, and take an oath to preserve the privileges of the lordship".
Authors such as Navascues, and the Basque-American Pete T. Cenarrusa, former Secretary of the State of Idaho, agree in stressing the influence of the Foruak or Charters of Biscay of Laws in Biscay on some parts of the US Constitution. John Adams traveled in 1779 to Europe to study and compare the various forms of government then found on the Old Continent. The American Constitution was approved by the first thirteen states on 17 September 1787.
Migration and sheepherding.
Basque immigration peaked after the Spanish Carlist Wars in the 1830s—Ebro customs relocated to the Pyrenees—and in the 1860s following the discovery of gold in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountain range of Northern California. The current day descendants of Basque immigrants remain most notably in this area and across the Sierras into the neighboring area of northern Nevada, then northward, into Idaho. When the present-day states of California, Arizona and New Mexico were annexed by the United States after the Mexican–American War (1848), there were reportedly thousands of Basques of Spanish or mixed Mexican origin living in the Pacific Northwest. 
By the 1850s, there were some Basque sheepherders working in Cahuenga Valley (today Los Angeles, California). In the 1870s, the Los Angeles and Inland Empire land rush reportedly attracted thousands of Basques from Spain, Mexico and Latin America, but such reports do not bear out in a current census of Basque persons in the Southern United States where Basque persons are exceptionally rare in US census reporting. By the 1880s Basque immigration had spread up into Oregon, Utah, Montana, Wyoming, with significantly lesser numbers reaching the Southern states of Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas in the Southern most region. By 1895 there were reportedly about ten thousand self reporting Basque-Americans in the United States. 
The current census figures demonstrated in the US map on this page are remarkably low in comparison to these reports and the overall increase in the US population since the 19th century. There has been a radical decrease in Basque immigration since that era which has resulted in the significant decline in persons of Basque national or Spanish origin throughout the US. Most of the self reporting Basque persons remaining in the US today are descendants of the original peak of Basque immigrants who arrived between 200 and 100 years ago, typically reporting as multi-generational or great great grandchildren (1860 immigrants) as opposed to native born persons of Basque ethnic identification and their subsequent immediate family, children, or grandchildren. 
The degree to which one self reports being "Basque" is a personal choice, often tied to an interest in one's heritage whether one is the grandchild of a native born Basque or of significantly mixed native American (Mexican, S. American, etc.), Anglo European, or other racial admixture. There are significant numbers of Mexicans with Basque names, as many as 1 million self reporting Mexicans of Basque racial or surname heritage today. 
Thousands of Basques were recruited from Spain due to severe labor shortages during World War II. They came under contract with the Western Range Association between the 1940s until around 1970. The Spanish Right of Return extends Spanish citizenship only to the grandchildren of Basque immigrants who were born in Spain and forced to flee during the Francoist uprising in the mid-1930s.
Basque clubs.
There are nearly fifty such clubs in the US, the oldest of which is the "Central Vascoamericano" (founded 1913), today New York's "Euzko Etxea" situated in Brooklyn. In the west, in 1907 there were efforts made to set up a club in Stockton, California. In 1914, the Basque Club of Utah was founded in Ogden, while in 1960 [http://www.basqueclub.com/history.htm] the first Zazpiak Bat Club was started in San Francisco. In 1938, the Basques in the Bakersfield area founded the Kern County Basque Club. Even though there are Basques in each of the fifty states, according to the most recent census, Basque clubs are only found in New York, Florida, California, Nevada, Idaho, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming. However, there is a significant Basque population in Arizona, Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, New Jersey, and New Mexico. Basque-American clubs have connections with other Basques around the world (across Europe, Canada, Mexico, Bolivia, Peru, Puerto Rico, Chile, Argentina, Australia, South Africa and the Philippines) to unite and consolidate a sense of identity in the global Basque diaspora.
Idahoan-Basques.
No U.S. state is more associated with Basque people and culture than Idaho. Basques today are an integral part of the state's social fabric, especially in Boise. Prominent Basque-American elected officials in Idaho include longtime Secretary of State Pete T. Cenarrusa, his successor and the incumbent Ben Ysursa, both Republicans, Democrat David H. Bieter, the current Boise mayor, as well as Republican, J. David Navarro, the current Clerk, Auditor and Recordor of Ada County, the largest and most populated county in Idaho.
Basques were initially drawn to Idaho by the discovery of silver, in settlements such as Silver City. Those that did not directly become involved in mining engaged in ranching, selling beef and lamb products to the miners. While some such immigrants returned to Basque Country, many remained, later to be joined by their families following them in immigration. Exact counts of Basque immigrants to Idaho are not practical to determine, as the United States Census did not distinguish between Basques from other Spanish immigrants, though a majority of Spanish immigrants to Idaho likely self-identified as Basque.
Since 1990, Boise and Gernika have been sister cities. Idaho achieved statehood in 1890 along with the first Basques arriving there around the same time. By 1912, some of the pioneers, such as Jose Navarro, John Achabal, Jose Bengoechea, Benito Arregui, John Echebarria, and Juan Yribar, were already settled and had property in the state.
North American Basque organizations.
In March 1973, a group of Basque-Americans met in Reno, Nevada with a questionable proposal, especially considering Basque history. The group hoped to forge a federation and create a network within the larger Basque community of the United States. The Basques had never been united, neither in the Old Country nor in the New World. The Basque Country, or "Euskal Herria", had never been "Zazpiak Bat" (Seven Territories Make One) representing a unified, self-conscious political community, it rather showed a political structure of a confederate nature—separate autonomous districts with a similar national, institutional and legal make-up. "Euskal Herria" often referred to just the local region.
This detachment of the Basques was reflected in the Basque communities of the United States. Basques of Biscayne descent in parts of Idaho and Nevada interacted little with the Basques of California, who were largely northern or "French Basques." When delegates from the Basque clubs of Los Banos, San Bernardino; and San Francisco, California; Boise and Emmett, Idaho; Elko, Ely and Reno, Nevada; Salt Lake City, Utah; and Ontario, Oregon gathered together, they were well aware that there was little if any communication between the various Basque clubs of the American West. They were attempting to cross the divide—real and imagined—between Basque-Americans. Seventeen years later "French" Basques and "Spanish" Basques joined a federation to work together. Individual clubs set aside competition in an effort to preserve and promote their shared heritage.
The North American Basque Organizations, Inc., commonly referred to by its acronym N.A.B.O., is a service organization to member clubs that does not infringe on the autonomy of each. Its prime purpose is the preservation, protection, and promotion of the historical, cultural, and social interests of Basques in the United States. NABO's function is to sponsor activities and events beyond the scope of the individual clubs, and to promote exchanges between Basque-Americans and the Basque country.
Future of Basques in the US.
The new generations exhibit the natural process of Americanization. To be Basque or to be part of the Basque phenomenon is an option today that may or may not be exercised. Those who wish may strengthen their ties via cultural elements such as dances and customs, while in some there is also the desire to travel to Europe and study Euskara, Spanish, or French. In recent years there has been the resurgence of Basque language classes, facilitated by new courses via the Internet. With succeeding generations the mode of being Basque has adapted to a new environment, and the concept of Basque-ness has altered.
Notable Basque-Americans.
The following is a list of Notable Basque-Americans of either full or partial Basque descent:
In popular culture.
The Wyoming Basque community, including a depiction of a religious festival, is the focus of the season two third episode of Longmire, "Death Came Like Thunder.".

</doc>
<doc id="5938491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938491" title="Marktleuthen">
Marktleuthen

Marktleuthen is a municipality in the district of Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Eger, 10 km north of Wunsiedel and 11 km southwest of Selb.

</doc>
<doc id="5938497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938497" title="Jeff Lamp">
Jeff Lamp

Jeffrey Alan Lamp (born March 9, 1959) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers in the 1st round (15th overall) of the 1981 NBA Draft. A 6'6" guard-forward from the University of Virginia, Lamp played in six NBA seasons for four different teams (the Trail Blazers, Milwaukee Bucks, San Antonio Spurs and Los Angeles Lakers).
In his NBA career, Lamp played in 291 games and scored a total of 1,495 points. His best year as a professional came during the 1985-86 season when he split time with the Bucks and Spurs, appearing in 74 games and averaging 8.2 ppg.
Lamp attended and played competitively at Ballard High School in Louisville, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="5938502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938502" title="Laud Weiner">
Laud Weiner

Laud Weiner is a short film written and directed by Philip Euling, starring David Hyde Pierce.
The cast also includes Marisol Nichols, Jake Muxworthy, and James Oliver.
Plot.
The film follows Laud Weiner, an oblivious, self-satisfied, and spoiled Hollywood manager-producer, as he explains his 'hard' work to the camera while in reality taking credit for other people's ideas and making everyone's life difficult.
Broadcast and DVD.
The film was broadcast on the Independent Film Channel and is one of a number of short films featuring celebrities on the DVD short-film compilation "Celebrity Mix" put out by TLA Entertainment Group.
Reaction.
The film won Best Short Film at the Wine Country Film Festival in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="5938503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938503" title="Lithia (The Outer Limits)">
Lithia (The Outer Limits)

"Lithia" is an episode of "The Outer Limits" (new series) television show. It was first aired on 3 July 1998, during the fourth season.
Introduction.
Major Jason Mercer wakes from a cryonically frozen state to find that he is the only male left alive.
Plot.
"Lithia" is set in 2055, in a world populated only by women. Almost all the previous population was killed years earlier in a war, followed by a plague that killed the remaining men.
The women are living in a commune, and seem to be living full and happy lives, although they must work very hard, lacking some of the technology of the past. Neighboring villages have many of the resources, all in control of a council governing their use and trade. When a neighboring village refuses to defy the council and trade electricity prior to completion of an impact study, Mercer tells the women living in his commune that they must make sure that they have enough resources for themselves. Their leader tells him that kind of thinking is what led to war, she being the only woman old enough to remember. Intrigued by her memory, children ask her to tell of the man she loved before the war.
Mercer becomes aggressive and proceeds to steal electricity from a rival village, enlisting help from a woman he becomes romantically involved with. Unfortunately, this leads to the deaths of several different women when the other village first tries to stop him, then tries to get the better of a prisoner trade with the woman who helped Mercer. After the funeral of the women from the village, it is revealed that the council was responsible for unfreezing eleven other men and attempting to integrate them into their society, but each attempt resulted in a similar tragedy. Moments before Mercer is refrozen, Hera, the leader of Lithia, calls him by his first name, Jason. Pleading for his life as he is about to be refrozen, Mercer is confused as to how she would know that, but, as she looks at her locket containing a picture of Mercer, we realize that he is the same Jason whom she loved before he was initially frozen during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="5938509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938509" title="Grant, Ontario">
Grant, Ontario

Grant is an unincorporated place, former railway point and now a ghost town in the Unorganized North Part of Cochrane District in northeastern Ontario, Canada, located east of Nakina, Ontario.
History.
The town came into being with the construction of the National Transcontinental Railway (NTR) in 1913. It was established as a divisional point between the Grant Subdivision, leading west to the next divisional point of Armstrong, and the Hearst Subdivision, District 2, leading east to the next divisional point of Hearst. The National Transcontinental Railway was in length, from Moncton, New Brunswick, to Winnipeg, Manitoba. The last spike of the NTR was driven at Grant on November 17, 1913, west of Moncton.This information is suspect. The November 1913 issue of Canadian and Marine World makes reference to a November 17, 1913 press dispatch from Cochrane, Ontario which states that the last section of steel on the NTR was laid 200 miles East of Cochrane near Nellie Lake.
The town of Grant lost its importance as a railway divisional point following the 1924 completion of the Longlac-Nakina Cut-Off. The Canadian National Railway, which had assumed control of both the National Transcontinental Railway and the Canadian Northern railway, built this new section of line to connect the two transcontinental main lines. At that time most of the buildings were removed to the new divisional point at Nakina at Mile 15.9 of the former Grant Sub-Division. The portion of the former NTR from Hearst to Nakina became the Pagwa Sub-Division, with Grant located at mile 125.1, between the railway points of Opemisha to the west and Jobrin to the east. By 1960, this section track was part of a marginal secondary main line, with little in the way of through freight, or passenger traffic. A section of this line between Nakina and Calstock, the route through Grant, was abandoned in 1986.
A now abandoned airfield, created by the Department of National Defence in the mid-1930s in part using 4,281 person-days of unemployment relief labour, lies to the south of the place. The airfield became in the late 1930s part of a string of emergency landing sites for Trans-Canada Air Lines (today Air Canada) to support their transcontinental flight operations.

</doc>
<doc id="5938513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938513" title="Saviana Stănescu">
Saviana Stănescu

Saviana Stănescu (born 1967, Bucharest, Romania) is an award-winning Romanian-American poet, playwright and journalist. She is currently the NYSCA playwright-in-residence for Women's Project, writer-in-residence of East Coast Artists, and Director of New Drama Program for the Romanian Cultural Institute in New York. She taught at New York University, Tisch School of Arts, Drama Department, and currently is a BA Generalist faculty member at Ithaca College, where she teaches script analysis and playwriting.
She holds an MA in Performance Studies (Fulbright fellow) and an MFA in Dramatic Writing from NYU, Tisch School of the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="5938517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938517" title="Calthorpe">
Calthorpe

Calthorpe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5938518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938518" title="Deuterocohnia">
Deuterocohnia

Deuterocohnia is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Tillandsioideae. The genus is named for Ferdinand Julius Cohn, German botanist and bacteriologist.
Plants once described as belonging to the genus "Abromeitiella" have been reevaluated and reclassified within "Deuterocohnia" following modern DNA analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="5938519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938519" title="Cordeirópolis">
Cordeirópolis

Cordeirópolis is a small town in São Paulo state, Brazil. The town has 20,445 inhabitants, as of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5938522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938522" title="Marktsteft">
Marktsteft

Marktsteft is a town in the district of Kitzingen, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the left bank of the Main, southwest of Kitzingen.
It was the birthplace (1885) of the well-known Second World War general Albert Kesselring.

</doc>
<doc id="5938527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938527" title="Juang people">
Juang people

Juang are a tribal (Adivasi) group of people of the Munda ethnic group found in Dhenkanal and Keonjhar districts of Odisha, India.
Most of the Juang live in Keonjhar district. They are estimated to amount in all to about 10,000. The Juang language belongs to the Munda family of the Austroasiatic languages.
History.
The Juang claimed to have no traditions connecting them with any other race, and they repudiated all connection with the Hos or the Santals, declaring themselves the true aborigines. Their tradition claims that the place where the tribe originated from the earth are the Gonasika Hills, near Keonjhar, at the source of the Baitarani River. They were initially hunter-gatherers and cultivated a few crops. They did not till the land, but live on the game they killed or on snakes and insects. They were forced out of their traditional ways after the British declared their forests as reserves. 
The Juang traditional huts measured about 6 ft. by 8 ft., with very low doorways. The interior was divided into two compartments. In the first of these the father and all the females of a family lived together; the second was used as a store-room. The boys had a separate hut at the entrance to the village, the "Majang" or dormitory which served as a guest-house and general assembly place where the musical instruments of the village were kept. Their traditional folk dance included vigorous dances mimicking birds and other animals.
Formerly the Juang used to be also known as "Patuas", literally "leaf-wearers". Traditionally the women wore girdles of leaves, while the men wore a small loincloth. The Juangs declare that the river goddess, emerging for the first time from the Gonasika rock, surprised a party of naked Juangs dancing, and ordered them to wear leaves, with the threat that they should die if they ever gave up the custom. The Juangs' weapons were the bow and arrow and a sling made entirely of cord. 
Their traditional religion included a belief in forest spirits. They offered scarifices of fowls to the sun when in trouble and to the earth for a bountiful harvest. Polygamy was rare. They burned their dead and disposed of the ashes into any running stream. The most sacred oaths a Juang could take are those on an ant-hill or a tiger-skin.
Transition from tribal society to caste.
After the British declared their forests as reserves, the Juangs were forced to look for an alternative way of sustainance. They were skilled at basket-weaving, which was in demand in nearby caste villages. The Juangs would exchange their baskets for salt, oil, food, money from the village traders. 
With increased contact with the Hindu villages they took up worship of Hindu Goddess Lakshmi and were Slowly absorbed into the Hindu caste system as a basket-making caste.

</doc>
<doc id="5938532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938532" title="Double Helix (The Outer Limits)">
Double Helix (The Outer Limits)

"Double Helix" is an episode of "The Outer Limits" television show. It first aired on 28 March 1997, during the third season.
Introduction.
A geneticist, Dr Martin Nodel, is a researcher looking into introns, mysterious sections of DNA that he believes hold the secret to future evolution. He develops a formula that he believes will activate them, and tests it on himself.
Plot.
After developing the liquid that acts on the intron (genetic material in DNA that acts as spacers and does not code for protein) he tests it on fish, and found that the liquid transforms the fish to amphibia. Then he tests it on himself, and begins experiencing strange symptoms, including a sort of map that grows on his back and a pattern that grows on his hand.
Shortly after he begins looking for students that are suitable candidates. They have to have a high IQ, never had surgery, and are free from imperfections such as tattoos or glasses. They also have to be in a certain age, weight, and height range.
After finding the needed candidates, he reveals the map. The area is discovered to be a hidden military area not on any normal map and, along with Nodel's son and his girlfriend, the group travels to the area.
Inside that area is a spaceship-type device with symbols that match the ones on the Doctor's hands. It activates, and a message from an apparent alien race is played back. The Doctor and the students decide to enter the ship on a journey to the home planet. Despite his son and son's girlfriend not qualifying, the Doctor says that they'd need someone like the two of them.
The ship takes off, and the episode ends.
Note.
Another episode released in season 4, "The Origin of Species", continues the story.

</doc>
<doc id="5938550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938550" title="Belgian American">
Belgian American

Belgian Americans are Americans whose ancestry originates in the region of Belgium in Western Europe.
History.
During the 17th century, colonists from the Southern Netherlands (currently Belgium) lived in several of the Thirteen Colonies of North America. Settlements already existed in New York—in Wallabout (Brooklyn), on Long Island and Staten Island—and New Jersey (Hoboken, Jersey City, Pavonia, Communipaw, and Wallkill). Later, other settlers moved into the Middle States. Many names are derived from the Walloon immigrants who settled there and the Dutch versions of Walloon words used to describe a locale. There were also Southern Netherlands colonies in Connecticut, Delaware, and Pennsylvania established primarily by Walloons, many of whom arrived with the Dutch West India Company (founded by Willem Usselincx, a Fleming).
In the 17th and 18th centuries many Belgians left their mark on U.S. history, including Lord Baltimore (whose family in Flemish Belgium were aristocrats). Belgian officers also fought during the American Revolutionary War; these included Charles De Pauw (a Fleming who accompanied Lafayette to North America), Thomas Van Gaasbeck, Jacques Rapalje, Anthony Van Etten and Johannes Van Etten.
The first major wave of people from Belgium came to United States during the 19th century, looking for financial opportunity and a better life for their families (in common with other Western Europeans). Belgian immigrants were first registered in 1820; from then to 1910, 104,000 Belgians entered the U.S. and from 1910 to 1950, the number dropped to 62,000. Between 1847 and 1849 (when Belgium was plagued with disease and economic hardship), 6,000–7,000 Belgians a year arrived in the United States.
During this era, most Belgians coming to the U.S. were farmers, farm workers or miners; craftspeople (such as carpenters, masons and cabinetmakers) or other skilled tradespeople (such as glass blowers and lace-makers). In later years (especially after the World Wars), many Belgians arrived in the United States seeking work in universities, laboratories and industry. From 1820 to 1970, about 200,000 Belgians settled in the United States. For every year since 1950, the immigration quota has remained fixed at 1,350; in 1981, Belgians represented no more than 0.4 percent of the foreign-born population.
Demographics.
During the 19th century most Belgian Americans were established in places offering economic opportunity, establishing significant communities in West Virginia; Detroit, Michigan; Door, Brown and Kewaunee Counties, Wisconsin and Indiana. There are also substantial communities of Belgian Americans in Illinois, Minnesota, North Dakota, Ohio, Kentucky, Florida, Washington and Oregon. Many towns and cities across the United States bear the names of their counterparts in Belgium: Liege, Charleroi, Ghent, Antwerp, Namur, Rosiere and Brussels.
Wisconsin has the United States' largest Belgian American settlement, located in portions of Brown, Kewaunee and Door counties adjacent to Green Bay. In 1994 a historical marker was dedicated at Namur (Door County), Wisconsin denoting the surrounding area on the National Register of Historic Places. Walloon-speaking Belgians settled in the region during the 1850s, and still constitute a large part of the population.
A number of elements demonstrate the Belgian American presence: place names (Brussels, Namur, Rosiere, Luxemburg), a local French patois, common surnames, unique foods ("booyah", "trippe", "jutt"), the Kermesse harvest festival and architecture. Many original wooden structures belonging to Belgian Americans were destroyed in a firestorm which swept across southern Door County in October 1871; a few stone houses (made of local dolomite) survived. More common are 1880s red-brick houses, distinguished by their modest size and gable-end, bull's-eye windows. Some houses have detached summer kitchens, with baking ovens appended to the rear. The Belgians, many of them devout Catholics, also erected small roadside votive chapels like those in their homeland.
Population.
According to the 2000 U.S. census, there were 360,642 Americans whose ancestors came from Belgium. The states with the largest Belgian communities are:
Religions.
The majority of Belgian Americans are Roman Catholic, although some are Presbyterians and Episcopalians. By 1900, Belgian religious orders were present in 16 states. The Sisters of Notre Dame, from Namur, established bilingual schools in 14 of those states and the Benedictines built missions in the western part of the country. The Jesuits founded St. Louis University in 1818, expanding the university's influence with Belgian teachers and benefactors. Belgian immigrants do not usually have churches of their own, attending Catholic churches founded by other ethnic Catholics. However, two more-homogeneous groups (in Door County, Wisconsin and Detroit) established churches of their own.
Since then, Belgians have established several churches in the United States. In 1853 a Belgian missionary, Father Edward Daems, joined with a group of immigrants to establish a community in Bay Settlement, Wisconsin known as "Aux premiers Belges" ("to the first Belgians"). By 1860, St. Hubert's Church was built in Bay Settlement and St. Mary's in Namur. Also built in the 19th century were St. Michael's, St. John the Baptist and St. Joseph's in Door County, the French Presbyterian Church in Green Bay and small, roadside chapels for people who lived too far away to attend parish churches regularly.
In 1834 Father Bonduel of Commnes, Belgium was the first priest to be ordained in Detroit. The first Catholic college (1836) was operated by Flemish Belgian priests, and the first school for girls was founded (in 1834) by an order of Belgian nuns. By 1857 Catholics in Detroit were a sizable group, and in 1884 the first Belgian parish was established. However, many Belgian Catholic parishes have disappeared or merged with other parishes due to the shortage of priests.
Military service.
Belgian Americans fought in the American Revolutionary War, both World Wars and the Korean and Vietnam Wars. During World War I Belgian Americans gave generously to the aid of children who were victims of the war, resulting in an official delegation from Belgium to the United States honoring their efforts in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="5938554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938554" title="Crossing (2007 film)">
Crossing (2007 film)

Crossing is a 2007 Canadian independent feature film starring Sebastian Spence, Crystal Buble, Bif Naked and Fred Ewanuick. From the writer/director team of Roger Evan Larry and Sandra Tomc.
Synopsis.
A romantic thriller, "Crossing" follows the story of macho Danarama (Sebastian Spence), who makes a deathbed promise to his father to turn their family from petty gangsters to upright brokerage owners. The only thing standing in Daniel's way is his newly discovered desire to dress up like a girl. Embroiling himself in an intense romance with a blackmailing prostitute (Crystal Buble), Daniel must find a way through a maze of disgrace and pleasure to discover where his real loyalties lie.

</doc>
<doc id="5938558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938558" title="Isaac Milner">
Isaac Milner

Rev. Isaac Milner FRS (11 January 1750 – 1 April 1820) was a mathematician, an inventor, the President of Queens' College, Cambridge and Lucasian Professor of Mathematics.
He was instrumental in the 1785 religious conversion of William Wilberforce and a great supporter of the abolitionists' campaign against the slave trade, steeling Wilberforce with his assurance before the 1789 Parliamentary debate:
He was also a natural philosopher and the Dean of Carlisle.
Biography.
Milner was born on 11 January 1750 in Mabgate, Leeds. He began his education at a grammar school in Leeds in 1756, but this ended in 1760 with the death of his father. He was apprenticed as a weaver, reading the classics when time permitted, until his elder brother, Joseph Milner, provided him with an opportunity. Joseph was offered the mastership at Hull's grammar school and invited Isaac to become the institution's usher.
Through the patronage of his brother, Milner was subsequently freed from his duties in Hull and entered Queens' College, Cambridge, as a sizar in 1770. He graduated BA as senior wrangler in 1774, winning the Smith's first prize.
Shortly after he took his bachelor's degree in 1774 he was ordained as deacon; in 1776 Queens' offered him a fellowship; in the following year he became a priest and college tutor; and in 1778 he was presented with the rectory of St Botolph. During these years his career as a natural philosopher began to take off. In 1776 Nevil Maskelyne hired him as a computer for the board of longitude, and two of his mathematical papers were presented to the Royal Society, of which he was elected fellow in 1780. In these papers Milner displayed three things: proficiency in mathematics, suspicion of French philosophy, and adherence to English Newtonian mechanics.
In 1782 the Jacksonian professorship of natural philosophy was established and the syndicate selected Milner as the inaugural professor, a position he retained until 1792.
Besides lecturing, Milner also developed an important process to fabricate nitrous acid, a key ingredient in the production of gunpowder. His paper describing this process was published in the Royal Society's Philosophical Transactions in 1789 alongside an article of Joseph Priestley's, and the two corresponded on the subject. In later years Milner transferred his elaborate collection of chemical apparatus into the president's lodge at Queens' and performed experiments with E. D. Clarke, William Whewell, and the Wollaston brothers; he also collaborated with Humphry Davy and Joseph Banks in an attempt to cure gout.
Over the span of his forty-five-year career, Milner's scientific sentiments came to reflect his religious sentiments strongly. Although he never parted from the Anglican fold, he came to embrace the central evangelical doctrines of the late eighteenth century. Milner, with Charles Simeon, was largely responsible for the evangelical revival at Cambridge. Indeed, through the years of his tenure at Queens' he dramatically changed the entire complexion of the college. He was also responsible for the conversion of William Wilberforce, which occurred during their long continental tour of 1784–5. While the parliamentary act of 1807 to abolish slavery owed much to their partnership, Milner's co-authorship of the seven-volume "Ecclesiastical History of the Church of Christ" (1818) with his brother Joseph also earned him nationwide renown.
After his death Milner was remembered for his astonishing intellect, his peculiar lifestyle, his tremendous physical bulk and his part in the rise in evangelicalism. Thomas De Quincey, in his preface to the Confessions, deemed Milner an 'eloquent and benevolent' opium user.

</doc>
<doc id="5938559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938559" title="Rick Raymer">
Rick Raymer

Rick Raymer is an American video game designer. He's worked for developers and publishers alike such as EAI, Hasbro Interactive, iROCK Entertainment and Vicious Cycle Software.
Raymer got his start in game design at EAI around 1996. While there he designed at least three games, including "Clue" for Hasbro Interactive, "" for SouthPeak Interactive and "Animaniacs Splat Ball" (also for SouthPeak).
Because of his work on "Clue", Hasbro Interactive hired Raymer in 1999 when EAI ceased game development. However, Hasbro Interactive was shut down soon after hiring Raymer, who was designing several games, including an updated version of the Atari classic "Combat!" for the PlayStation.
Raymer went onto work for iROCK Entertainment where he designed at least one game based on the rock icon Ozzy Osbourne. Shortly, however, he went to work for Vicious Cycle Software which was started by former co-workers who worked for Hasbro Interactive when it closed its doors. There he designed several games, including "" for TDK Mediactive, Inc..
As of January 2005, Raymer was the Creative Director for Oasys Mobile, a developer of cell phone mobile games.
Raymer makes his home in North Carolina. He lives with his wife, Liz, and their two children.

</doc>
<doc id="5938562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938562" title="Norman Sheldon">
Norman Sheldon

Norman Sheldon was a Scottish soccer player and hall of famer who played in Canada in the early half of the 1900s.
Early life.
Norman Sheldon immigrated to Canada, more specifically Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, in 1907 after an junior football career in Scotland. It was the community of Prince Albert where Sheldon continued to play until 1929.
Career.
Throughout that time period, Sheldon was chosen three times to represent Canada; however, he was only able to play for them once. He was first elected in 1912 for a tour of England. He has the honor of being the only Saskatchewan soccer player to be selected to Canada in which they would compete against the Scots.
An indication of Sheldon's ability is that this team was selected by the Scottish team management following their Canadian cross-country tour.
In 1924, Sheldon was once again picked to be a part of Canada who were facing off against Australia.
While playing every season in Saskatchewan, Sheldon played in Vancouver for two winters and each year he was selected as a member of the Vancouver All-Star Team.
Sheldon had a distinguished playing career which spanned 23 years. This is a record which has yet to be equaled in Saskatchewan provincial soccer.
On 22 May 1967, Sheldon was inducted into the Saskatchewan Sports Hall of Fame. He also was inducted into the Prince Albert Sports Hall of Fame.
Pop culture.
Sheldon was featured in the book "Saskatchewan Soccer People: Martin Nash, Rob Friend, Kevin Holness, Jordan Schidlowsky, Brian Philley, Norman Sheldon, Amy Vermeulen."

</doc>
<doc id="5938571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938571" title="Heddon-on-the-Wall">
Heddon-on-the-Wall

Heddon-on-the-Wall is a village just outside Throckley, Northumberland, England, located on Hadrian's Wall. Heddon-on-the-Wall is roughly nine miles west of the centre of Newcastle upon Tyne. The place-name 'Heddon' means 'hill where heather grew'.
History.
A Roman milecastle ('Milecastle 12') was located at the site of the present-day village, under what is now Town Farm, but no traces of it are currently visible. Prior to the 1960s, Heddon-on-the-Wall was a small village with an economy based strongly on traditional industry including farming and coal mining.
Large-scale coal mining close to the village began in the late 1950s with the opening of the Bays Leap site, a 300-acre opencast site located a short distance north of Heddon-on-the-Wall. The site supported seven coal seams at its peak, and evidence was found of earlier mine shafts. Bays Leap closed in 1966. Urban development west of Newcastle saw the village expand substantially during the 1960s.
Heddon-on-the-Wall grew up around Hexham Road, which until 1973 was the main road from Newcastle to Hexham. The new A69 road bypasses Heddon-on-the-Wall en route from Newcastle to Carlisle, also passing Hexham. Heddon-on-the-Wall benefits from its proximity to the A69 but is more popular with retired people rather than commuters due to its lack of a railway station, from which its close neighbour Wylam benefits. A railway station on the Scotswood, Newburn & Wylam Railway was opened in the village in 1881, but closed in 1958.
Heddon-on-the-Wall came to prominence when it was revealed in February 2001 that the 2001 outbreak of Foot-and-mouth disease originated from a farm in the village. This severely affected Heddon-on-the-Wall's primary industry which is agriculture. Over the years however other industries have existed in Heddon-on-the-Wall. These include salmon fishing in the River Tyne, coal mining, the quarrying of sandstone and limestone, and brick making. A number of blacksmiths were in the village until recent times. In the seventies there was a perfumery manufacturing business and recently a brewery.
Culture and facilities.
Heddon-on-the-Wall attracts tourists passing through on tours of Hadrian’s Wall. Heddon-on-the-Wall is located on the Hadrian's Wall Path, and contains the longest section of unbroken wall at its original and planned width, now known as Broad Wall. Later sections were not built to the full width to save time and money.
St Andrew's Church is located opposite the Swan Inn and parts of it are Saxon dating back to 680 AD. It was originally consecrated in 630AD. The oldest parts of St Andrew's are still visible in some of the walls of the chancel behind the choir stalls. The original stone structure was built using recycled stone from Hadrian’s Wall. Before St Andrew's church was built it is believed that the site was used for pagan ceremonies, so the hilltop location may always have been of religious significance.
Heddon-on-the-Wall has two public houses, "The Three Tuns" and "The Swan Inn".
You can cycle up to Heddon on the Wall from the National Cycle Route running along the river. There is a route through a farmyard about 1/4 mile west of Blayney Row as you have to slow down to go through 2 sties/gates. Pedal through the farmyard and prepare to attempt Station Bank. It's a gruelling straight climb up the side of the Tyne Valley to Heddon on the Wall. Beautiful views as you approach the top.

</doc>
<doc id="5938575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938575" title="Marlow, Germany">
Marlow, Germany

Marlow is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 14 km southeast of Ribnitz-Damgarten.
Sights.
Marlow is well known for the Vogelpark Marlow, a zoo with the focus on birds, in an area of 22 hectares (54 acres). 

</doc>
<doc id="5938578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938578" title="Julius Meier-Graefe">
Julius Meier-Graefe

Julius Meier-Graefe (June 10, 1867 – June 5, 1935) was a German art critic and novelist. His writings on Impressionism, Post-Impressionism as well as on art of earlier and more recent generations, with his most important contributions translated into French, Russian and English, are considered to have been instrumental for the understanding and the lasting success of these artistic movements.
Biography.
Meier-Graefe was born in Reschitz, Banat, Hungary, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and now located in modern Romania. He was the son of Eduard Meier, a government civil engineer, and Marie Graefe, (d. 1867) who died giving birth to him. The family, including his brother Max Meier, moved to a small town near Düsseldorf, Germany. He chose the hyphenated surname Meier-Graefe to honour the mother he never knew.
After studying engineering in Munich in 1888 and marrying Clotilde Vitzthum von Eckstädt (who was related to the art historian Georg Vitzthum von Eckstädt),
he moved to Berlin, where, in 1890, he took up the study of history in general and art history in particular. He began his literary career as a fiction writer with two novellas, "Ein Abend bei Laura" (1890) and "Nach Norden" (1893), His first work of art criticism was published in 1894; the topic was Edvard Munch. In 1895 he was among the founders of the arts and literary periodical "Pan", but he left the magazine after a year and founded the Jugendstil (Art Nouveau) magazine Dekorative Kunst in 1897 and soon thereafter opened La Maison Moderne, a gallery that showcased Art Nouveau works. The gallery closed in 1903.
The centennial exhibition of German art in the National Gallery in Berlin in 1906 featured Meier-Graefe's presentation of previously little-known works, and through his efforts, the art of Caspar David Friedrich was first introduced to a wider audience. Similarly, his 1910 book "Spanische Reise" ("Spanish Journey") led to the "rediscovery" of El Greco and the positioning of the artist as a forerunner to the Expressionists.
Relocating to Paris, Meier-Graefe turned his attention on 19th century French painting; his 3-volume history of modern art (1904 and 1914–24) canonized the importance of French Impressionism. He wrote important biographies of many artists, including Paul Cézanne and Vincent van Gogh.
Like many assimilated Jews of his era, Meier-Graefe was a loyal German, and when World War I broke out, he volunteered in the German army. He was sent to the Eastern front in 1915 and was captured and interned in a Russian POW camp in 1916. Upon his return to Germany in 1917, he divorced his first wife and married his second wife, Helene Lienhardt. The couple lived in Dresden, but travelled often, and considered France, especially Paris, a second home.
Meier-Graefe's third marriage was to Anna Marie Epstein (October 14, 1905 - ), who was about 38 years his junior, and a wealthy heiress. She was the only child of Else Kohn (March 22, 1880 - ) and Walter Epstein (May 11, 1874 - February 3, 1918); her grandparents were Adolf Kohn, a prominent German-Jewish banker, and Anna Michaelis.
In 1930, Meier-Graefe and Epstein rented an estate called La Banette in Saint-Cyr-sur-Mer and they stayed there to escape the rise of the Nazi movement in Germany, where he was under attack for his promotion of what the National Socialists called "Degenerate Art." Meier-Graefe and Epstein encouraged and helped the landscape painter Walter Bondy and the writer René Schickele to relocate to the area as well, and they were a decisive impetus in the formation of a large German-Jewish refugee arts-colony in neighboring Sanary-sur-Mer, whose members included Thomas Mann, Lion Feuchtwanger, and Ludwig Marcuse.
He died in Vevey, Switzerland at the age of 67.
Writings.
"Der Fall Böcklin und die Lehre von den Einheiten"
"Entwicklungsgeschichte der modernen Kunst", Vergleichende Betrachtung der bildenden Künste, als Beitrag zu einer neuen Aesthetik. 3 vols. Verlag Julius Hofmann, Stuttgart 1904
"Impressionisten: Guys - Manet - Van Gogh - Pissarro - Cézanne." Mit einer Einleitung über den Wert der französischen Kunst und sechzig Abbildungen. R. Piper & Co. Verlag, Munich & Leipzig ¹1907 & ²1907
"Auguste Renoir", R. Piper & Co., Munich
"Courbet"
"Vincent", 2 vols. 103 plates. R. Piper & Co., Munich ²1922
"Vincent van Gogh, der Zeichner." 52 plates. Otto Wacker-Verlag, Berlin 1928
"Renoir", Klinkhardt & Biermann Verlag, Leipzig 1929, with 407 illustrations and 10 plates

</doc>
<doc id="5938579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938579" title="List of minor planets/123001–123100">
List of minor planets/123001–123100


</doc>
<doc id="5938584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938584" title="Cape Town Irish Volunteer Rifles">
Cape Town Irish Volunteer Rifles

The Cape Town Irish Volunteer Rifles were a volunteer part-time military unit, which existed for a few years in late Victorian South Africa.
The unit was formed in Cape Town in 1885, in response to fears of a war between the United Kingdom and Russia. (The Cape Town Highlanders were formed at the same time, for the same reason). Thomas O'Reilly, a prominent Irish-born Cape politician, commanded the CTIVR.
The CTIVR was never a large unit (its greatest strength, in 1888, was only 214 all ranks), and in 1891 it was taken over by the Duke of Edinburgh's Own Volunteer Rifles.

</doc>
<doc id="5938590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938590" title="Medianeira">
Medianeira

Medianeira is a city in Paraná, Brazil. As of 2004 it had 39,639 inhabitants. The agriculture-industrial sector is the base of the city's economy.

</doc>
<doc id="5938604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938604" title="Lismore (band)">
Lismore (band)

Lismore is an electronic music group formed by vocalist Penelope Trappes and composer/instrumentalist Stephen Hindman in 2004. The group uses both live instruments and programmed beats to achieve their sound.
History.
Two next door neighbors, Australian-born Penelope and Ohio-bred Stephen, an ex dj/producer (Kingsize), blindly began making electronic pop songs together unwittingly creating their acclaimed glitchy debut CD, We Could Connect Or We Could Not. As 'You Aint No Picasso' said: "Lismore sound like a wicked collaboration between Ladytron and Daft Punk."
Lismore had been playing in NYC and extensively touring the US and Canada throughout 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008, and is no longer an active band.

</doc>
<doc id="5938609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938609" title="International Networks (country code)">
International Networks (country code)

International Networks is the name given by the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) to country calling codes 882 and 883, and serves as a catch-all for telephone services not dedicated to a single country. Satellite telephone carriers, especially those with worldwide service, are allocated within the Global Mobile Satellite System (GMSS), country code 881, with the exception of non-terrestrial Inmarsat, country code 870.
As in the other such shared country codes, carriers are allocated number space within this code space plus their identification code (two-digit number in 882 code space, three or four digit number in 883 code space). The phone number for a subscriber of such a service will start with +882/+883 followed by the carrier code.
Carrier Codes.
As of September 15, 2011 the assignments of +882/+883 carrier codes are as follows:
Active.
In the +882-99 block, two numbering spaces are currently colliding: The numbering area has officially been assigned to Telenor but prior to this assignment, e164.org has started to assign unofficial numbers within that numbering area.
Inactive.
The following codes have been previously assigned by the ITU but were not used as of 2007:

</doc>
<doc id="5938630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938630" title="Itaituba">
Itaituba

Itaituba is a city located in the state of Pará, Brazil, and one of the most important socioeconomic centers in the western region of the State.
Itaituba is the fifteenth largest city (by population) in the State of Pará, third largest city in the western region, and has the thirteenth largest Gross Domestic Product in the State. The city is regarded as a medium-sized city, and one of the fastest growing cities in the countryside of Brazil. The name of the city origins from Tupi (an indigenous language), which literally means "gravel place".
People from the city of Itaituba are known as "itaitubenses". The city motto is "cidade pepita", which translates as "golden city." The city is known for the intense gold mining activity in the valley of the Tapajós River, the multitude of landscapes (such as the sandy river beaches that are formed during the dry seasons, and also the waterfalls located in the district of São Luiz do Tapajós), and the Amazônia National Park.
History.
Early History.
The presence of Dutch, French, and English explorers in the estuary of the Amazon River has concurred for the settlement of Portuguese expeditionaries in the current territory of the State of Pará, and also for the expedition of Francisco Caldeira Castelo Branco which, in 1616, has founded the city of Belém.
After the foundation of the captaincy of Grão Pará, the foreigners were gradually expelled by the government, by means of various expeditions which had as goal to destroy the settlements created. Among these expeditions, the one headed by captain Pedro Teixeira reached for the first time (in 1626) the Tapajós River. This expedition established a friendly contact with native people in the site currently known as Alter-do-Chão bay. In 1639, Pedro Teixeira returned to the Tapajós River, being followed the Jesuits.
Several villages were founded by the Jesuits, along the Tapajós River, during this period. Some of these villages were "Tapajós", in 1661, "São José" (or Matapus), in 1722, "São Inácio" (or Tupinambaranas), in 1737, and Borari and Arapiuns.
During the administration of the governor and captain-general Francisco Xavier de Mendonça Furtado, the government retracted the Jesuits from these villages, and raised the Tapajós village to the category of town, with the denomination of Santarém. There were also changes in the villages of Borari and Arapiuns, in 1757, which were denominated Alter-do-Chão and Vila Franca, respectively. And, in 1758, the villages of São Inácio and São José were denominated as Boim and Pinhel.
During the administration of José de Nápoles Telo de Menezes the village of Aveiro was founded. In this village was installed, in 1781, the parish of "Our Lady of Conception" ("Nossa Senhora da Conceição").
It is known, from the footage and historical evidence available, that the place of Itaituba already existed by the year of 1812, since it was mentioned in the travel list of Miguel João de Castro alongside the Tapajós River, as a center of exploration and trade of specialties of the High Tapajós.
With the Revolution of Cabanagem and the events that occurred during this period, the village of Brasília Legal was founded, in 1836, as a place for resistance of the rebels, on the left bank of the Tapajós River.
According to Ferreira Penna, in 1836 Itaituba was an indigenous village, belonging to the province of Grão Pará, in which a small military base was installed.
Among the most relevant people associated to the foundation of Itaituba, one of remarkable importance is Joaquim Caetano Corrêa, because of its pioneer work on the exploration of the tapajonic region, being even regarded as the founder of the municipally seat.
Itaituba depended on the parish of Pinhel until 1853, when it was transferred to the jurisdiction of Boim.
Geography.
The city is located at latitude 04º16'34" S and longitude 55º59'01" W, on the left bank of the Tapajós River.
Climate.
The climate of the region is equatorial, with an average minimum daily temperature greater than 18 °C. Itaituba has a relative humidity of the air above 80% during almost all the months of the year. The rainy season includes the months of December to April, while the driest months are from July to October.
Culture.
The biggest festival in Itaituba is Our lady de Santana's Party, for padroeira of the municipal district, the festivities are during the first fortnight of July and finishes with Círio's Procession, same month on the 26th, dedicated to that holy.
Transportation.
The city is served by Itaituba Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5938632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938632" title="Mellrichstadt">
Mellrichstadt

Mellrichstadt is a town in the district Rhön-Grabfeld, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 17 km southwest of Meiningen, and 13 km northeast of Bad Neustadt. It includes the following villages: Bahra, Eußenhausen, Frickenhausen, Mühlfeld, Sondheim im Grabfeld und Roßrieth.
Literature.
Features in John Douglas-Gray's thriller 'The Novak Legacy' ISBN 978-0-7552-1321-4

</doc>
<doc id="5938640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938640" title="Croatian American">
Croatian American

Croatian Americans () are Americans of Croatian descent.
Demographics.
Numbers.
According to the 2007 US Community Survey, there were 420,763 Americans of full or partial Croatian descent. According to the United States Census Bureau of Statistics (1990) there were over 344,270 Croatian Americans who identified themselves as being of Croatian descent or being born in Croatia. It is estimated by the Republic of Croatia's "State Office for the Croats Abroad" that there are around 1,200,000 Croats and their descendants living in the US today. 
In the 2006-2010 American Community Survey, the states with the largest Croatian-American populations are:
History.
It is very difficult to establish when the first Croatian people came to the United States. Some written documents indicate that individuals or small groups of Croatians (notably seafarers from the Dalmatian coastal regions) arrived in the United States some two or three hundred years ago. At least two theories of a pre-Columbian contact by Dalmatian sailors have appeared within the last 30 years or so.
But significant emigration from the region of Croatia can be said to date from the late 1890s and early 1900s, peaking around 1910, when many Croatians, the majority of them Roman Catholics, began emigrating to the United States. Many were economic immigrants, while others considered themselves political refugees.
Like other immigrants of that period, they migrated to find employment. Many of them, mostly single young men but, often, married women with or without their families, settled in small towns in Pennsylvania and New York as coal miners or steelworkers. Many also settled in factory towns and farming areas in Midwestern states such as Wisconsin, Minnesota, Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa. For most of the single men, the stay was only temporary. Once they had saved enough money, many Croatian men returned to Croatia. However, those who did choose to stay found permanent homes where they had found jobs and sent for their families.
Within a comparatively short period of time, Croatians could be found all over the United States from New York to California, from New Orleans to Minneapolis-St. Paul. As it went through its most rapid expansion during the time of the 1890-1914 Great Migration and shortly thereafter from the onset of the First World War to the general clampdown on immigration in 1924, Croats and other South and West Slavs and members of other groups peaking in influx at the time were prominent in the history of the mining industry in the Iron Range of Minnesota; much the same is the case with the forestry-related industries there, elsewhere in Minnesota and in much of Wisconsin. A notable Croatian-American from the Iron Range was Rudy Perpich, the 34th and 36th Governor of the state representing the Democrat/Farmer-Labor Party; he served terms in office from 29 December 1976 to 4 January 1979, and from 3 January 1983 to 7 January 1991, spans of time which add up to make him the longest-serving governor in the state's history. In private life, Dr Perpich was a dentist and after leaving office in 1991 assisted the post-Communist government of Croatia He was born in Carson Lake, Minnesota (now part of Hibbing) on 27 June 1928 and died of cancer in Minnetonka on 21 September 1995.
A new wave of Croatian immigrants began to arrive after World War II. These were mostly political refugees, including orphans whose parents had been killed during the war, individuals and families fleeing Yugoslavia's Communist authorities. Most of these Croatians settled in established Croatian colonies, often among relatives and friends.
It was assumed that this would be the end of Croatian immigration. But, beginning in 1965, America saw a new influx of Croatians, some of them political refugees, most of them younger families seeking economic security and a prosperity impossible to find in Yugoslavia.
Those arriving in the 1960s and the decades that followed settled mostly in larger cities. These immigrants were better educated and more liberal than their forebears in America, but they were also influenced by the new European standard of life and opposed to the Communist ideology forcefully imposed upon them in the totalitarian state of Yugoslavia.
They sought "the good life"-a decent job, a balanced education for their children, good housing and utilities, the ability to be vocal in their political views in democratic America, and the freedom to live out their deeply rooted religious convictions.
Gradually, this new wave of immigrants joined Croatian Catholic parishes and organizations, and soon became the contemporary bearers of Croatian culture and tradition in the United States.
Currently, only a small number of Croatians continue to emigrate, mostly those who have relatives already well established in America.
Settlements.
The first recorded Croatian immigrants to the United States arrived in 1850, often via the resettlement from nations that are presently known as Austria, Italy, GreeceSpain, and Portugal, and southern France. During this period many Croats, who were employed in manufacturing the maritime sector of the Mediterranean states, began emigrating to the Americas. This first wave arrived in regions of the United States where employment opportunities were similar to where they had arrived from. By the middle of the 20th Century, the metropolitan areas of Chicago, Cleveland, Pittsburgh and New York City and the region of Southern California had the largest populations of people with Croatian ancestry.
One known Croat Jola Jurisic was a pioneer in establishing the large-scale cultivation and marketing of oysters. By the late 19th century the Croats controlled the oyster business. In San Pedro there is even a stretch of street called "Croatian Place". There are reportedly more than (today) 35,000 Croats in San Pedro, making it the biggest Croatian community on the Pacific coast. California had Croatian immigration colonies even before the wave of new immigration, but greater Croatian settlement throughout the Los Angeles-Long Beach and Santa Ana/Anaheim regions in Orange County, California; also in Northern California, and the Phoenix area of Arizona. The first Croatian immigrants in the US arrived in those places.
One of the most important companies established by the Croats was "The Slavonian Gold and Silver Company". San Francisco became the center of Croatian social life in California, where they established the first Croatian emigration society in 1857. Tadich Grill in San Francisco is a relic from that era and (still Croatian owned) currently is the oldest restaurant in the entire state of California.
Even earlier The Los Angeles basin was a major destination for Croat, and in downtown Los Angeles at the beginning of the 20th century, many Croats were involved in the locksmith industry. The Los Angeles area was a major destination for the post-fishing villages existed back in the beginning of 19th century, where greatly experienced Croatian fishermen contributed to the development of modern fishing trade.
The Los Angeles Metropolitan Area was a major destination for the post-1980s Yugoslavian immigration, including Croats and Bosnian Croats from Bosnia and Herzegovina escaped the Bosnian civil war in the 1990s. They formed several communities in Orange County; San Diego; the Inland Empire (California) region (i.e. Moreno Valley); and the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles, but extending into the High Desert suburbs of Lancaster and Palmdale; and Ventura County in recent years.
Three other main Croatian centers in Washington state were Seattle, Anacortes and Roslyn. The high percentage of Croats can be illustrated by the fact that inn 1922/23 there were 23% Croatian pupils in Rosalyn schools. Croatian immigrants scattered in the western US such as Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Utah and Wyoming in the 1880s-1920s period.
Some of the first groups of immigrants settled in Pennsylvania as well. As the center of the State, Pittsburgh employed a lot of immigrants from Croatia. Many of them were working in the heavy industry. In the beginning of the century there were around 38,000 Croatians in Pittsburgh. It was estimated that there were more than 200,000 Croatians and their descendants living in Pittsburgh in the early 1990s. Also included are Serbs, Bosnians and Slovenes from what was once Yugoslavia in the 20th century will move there as well.
First Croatians in Detroit appeared around 1890, settling usually in the region of Russel. In Illinois the Croatians started concentrating mostly around Chicago. Although it was created a bit later, the Croatian settlement in Chicago became one of the most important ones in the United States. The settlement especially started developing after World War I and Chicago became the center of all Croatian cultural and political activities. It is calculated that there were roughly 50,000 Croats in Chicago in the 1990s, while there were altogether 100,000 Croats living in 54 additional Croatian settlements in Illinois. Croats form a large community in Indianapolis in Indiana since the 1910s, as well in Gary, Fort Wayne and South Bend.
Furthermore, Croatian settlement in Kansas City played an important role as well. This settlement, too, was founded in the last decades of the 19th century, with the first neighborhood west of Armour Packing Co. and along James Street. The Strawberry Hill neighbourhood of Kansas City is an example of a city quarter almost entirely founded by Croats. First Croatian Settlement in St. Louis started forming very early. It generally consisted of immigrants who came from Louisiana along the Mississippi toward the north. According to Ante Tresic-Pavic, who visited the US in 1907, there were around 4-5 thousand Croats in St. Louis. The majority of them lived in boarding houses and had low paid jobs at that time.
New York City served merely as a station on their way further into the United States. Later, during the mass immigration of Croats, this city became the most important center from which they moved into various parts of the US. In 1906 a real Croatian settlement did not yet exist in New York. Eventually many Croats settled thru out parts of New York City, especially in northwestern and northeastern Queens County, in such neighborhoods as Whitestone, Astoria, Bayside and Douglaston.
Alaska appeared to be a destination for Croatian immigrants in the early 20th century starting with the Klondike Gold Rush of 1897-99 as well Croatian immigrants into Canada at the time. A few hundreds of Croatians settled in Anchorage, Fairbanks and Sitka. They established small shops and businesses relating to the local fishing industries. Today, Alaska may be home to 50,000 persons of Croatian descent, about one-eighth of the state population.
And the last but not least, recent arrived Croatian immigration into some states like Florida (esp. the Orlando and Tampa Bay areas), Georgia, North Carolina, Virginia, Texas (i.e. the Dallas/Fort Worth and Houston areas) and Oklahoma should be noted. Croats, alongside Bosnians (includes Bosnian Croats) made Tennessee their home, with Nashville to soon become the country's main Balkan Slav community by the 2010s. 
Religion.
Croatian priests, mostly diocesan clergy, came in precious few numbers with the earliest immigrants towards the end of the 19th century. They were true missionaries. They traveled from place to place wherever their people settled, preaching parish missions and organizing religious, cultural, and benevolent societies. Often the priest was the only educated member of the Croatian colony, and thus they had to assume leadership roles; moreover, they were among the first to learn English well and often served as translators and interpreters. Their primary responsibility, however, was the organization of Croatian Catholic parishes in the urban centers with substantial Croatian populations. Thus, at the beginning of this century there were Croatian churches in Pittsburgh and Steelton, Pennsylvania, New York, Chicago, Cleveland, Saint Louis and other cities. The oldest parish is St. Nicholas Church in Pittsburgh, founded in 1894; several others were erected in the early 1900s, such as the Church of the Nativity in San Francisco. Even before being officially established in 1926, the Croatian Franciscan friars traveled throughout the United States, establishing and assisting in Croatian parishes and keeping alive the religious and national sentiments of their people.Croatian Roman Catholics in America form a vital part of the American Catholic Church. This is due in large measure to the pioneering and ongoing efforts of their priests and sisters, whose witness has enabled the Croatian immigrant community and their children and grandchildren born in the United States to remain faithful to their Catholicism and their Croatian roots. Today there are altogether 32 Croatian parishes and 3 missions in the US.
Social association.
Croatian Americans have been closely connected to one another almost since the day they left their home country. Chain migration contributed to the creation of settlements of Croats coming from the same regions of Croatia. They were connected because of their similar occupations that they had, equal social status, catholic religion and many other bonds that are sometimes much stronger than formal organization. The most popular informal meeting points of Croatians were the saloons. They were usually engaged in various charity organizations, and were among the first Croatian immigrants who learned to speak English. A great number of them had a very harsh daily routine, which largely appeared to be bed-factory-bed. But the positive side of the saloons cannot be denied. Beside these informal gatherings, Croatian Americans established several thousand organizations of different importance. In his work, "Early Croatian Immigration to America After 1945", George Prpic states that there were around 3 000 organizations founded between 1880 and 1940 in the United States. Croatians first started founding charitable, cultural, educational, religious, business, political, sporting or athletic organizations. All these organizations were firmly rooted in the settlement where they were initiated. Croatians were a minority group both in relation to Americans and other nationalities. Furthermore, the Croats came with the latest groups of immigrants, which lead to a further feeling of insecurity. Moreover, most of them did not speak English and had low paid jobs, which created an inferiority complex as well. Therefore, they found security within an organization of their own ethnic group. Another special type of gathering was happening around tamburica, which was often among the necessary items that a person from Croatia took to America. Tamburica and Singing clubs were not joined until March 1949 in Cleveland, where the "American-Croatian Singing Association" was founded. Croatian Americans had strong feelings about their homeland and they frequently demonstrated them publicly.
Organizations.
The Croatian American organization Croatian Fraternal Union is a society with long roots in the U.S. It was started in 1897. During World War II, it sent money to aid Croatia. The CFU contributes to Croatian Americans by scholarships and cultural learning.
The National Federation of Croatian Americans Cultural Foundation was founded in 1993 as a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting the interest of the Croatian people - embodying heritage of culture and language, integrity in human rights and equality in self-determination, advancing economic development, and freedom from persecution. 
The Croatian American Association is a group which lobbies the United States Congress on issues related to Croatia.
The Croatian American Network is a popular Facebook Group for communication and networking.
Culture.
In 2007, the annual Croatian Film Festival in New York was founded by The Doors Art Foundation.
White Croatians.
In Poland there existed an ethnic group called White Croats ("Bijeli Hrvati") which emigrated to United States. The group was concentrated around Krakow and mostly emigrated due to Nazi and later Stalinist oppression in Poland. It is interesting to add that according to American documents, from the beginning of this century, there were about 100,000 immigrants to the U.S. born around Krakow (Poland) who declared themselves to be Bielo-Chorvats, i.e. White Croats by nationality.
Well-known Croatian-Americans.
Well-known Croatian-Americans past and present include:

</doc>
<doc id="5938643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938643" title="Thomas Turton">
Thomas Turton

Thomas Turton, (5 February 1780 – 7 January 1864) was the Bishop of Ely.
Life.
Thomas Turton was son of Thomas and Ann Turton of Hatfield, West Riding. He was admitted to Queens' College, Cambridge in 1801 but migrated to St Catharine's College in 1804. In 1805 he graduated BA as senior wrangler and equal Smith's Prizeman. Elected a fellow of St Catharine's in 1806, he was Lucasian Professor of Mathematics from 1822 to 1826 and Regius Professor of Divinity from 1827 to 1842. 
After various other clerical appointments, Turton was Dean of Peterborough from 1830 to 1842, Dean of Westminster from 1842 to 1845 and Bishop of Ely from 1845 to 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="5938650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938650" title="Mishkat al-Masabih">
Mishkat al-Masabih

Mishkat al-Masabih (English translation: A Niche for Lamps) is an expanded version of by Al-Baghawi's "Masabih al-Sunnah" by Muḥammad ibn ʻAbd Allāh Khatib Al-Tabrizi. Khatib Al-Tabrizi died 741 AH (1340 or 1341 CE) rendered this version of the original text more accessible to those not having an advanced knowledge of the science of hadith. It contains between 4434 and 5945 hadith, divided into 29 books and is considered by Sunni scholars an important writing. Al-Tabrizi added 1511 hadith to the hadith contained in the collection "Masabih al-Sunnah". Al-Baghawi classified many hadith as authentic when at times Al-Tabrizi did not agree. Al-Tabrizi expounded on the labels he placed on the hadith and re-classified many of them. He added a third section to "Masabih al-Sunnah", which was already divided in two parts by Al-Baghawi. Al-Baghawi did not mention the "isnad" of the hadith he collected, Al-Tabrizi mentions the source from where the hadith is originally found making the text more reliable. An example of a hadith from Mishkat al-Masabih is as follows: "He is not a perfect believer, who goes to bed full and knows that his neighbour is hungry."

</doc>
<doc id="5938665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938665" title="Left to Right">
Left to Right

Left to Right is a short story by science fiction writer Isaac Asimov, featured in the short story collection "Gold".
Plot synopsis.
Robert L. Forward has created a device that will change whatever goes through it into antimatter. Another character (who is unnamed) suggests sending protons through it, but Forward says that he has tried that, and will now send himself through. The other character argues that he will not be able to digest because his internal organs will be the wrong way round, but Forward argues that he can just pass through it a second time. He travels through, and checks his heartbeat and appendectomy scar (which are on the same side as before). He gloomily says that everything is the same as before, being "as sure as my name's Robert L. Backward."

</doc>
<doc id="5938669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938669" title="Alton Lister">
Alton Lister

Alton Lavelle Lister (born October 1, 1958) is a retired American professional basketball player, in the power forward-center position.
Lister graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School (Dallas, Texas) (in the Lakewood section of Dallas) in 1976, where he led the Wildcats to many victories and was an All-American and All-State team member. He was inducted into Woodrow's Hall of Fame in 1990.
The 7' 0" Lister played at San Jacinto Junior College, where he was a teammate of future NBA journeyman shooting guard Oliver Mack. He led the Dragons in rebounding and received All-American honors. He later transferred to Arizona State University, becoming teammates with future NBA player Byron Scott. Lister's senior season averages of 15.4 points and 9.7 rebounds contributed to the Sun Devils having a school record of 16-2 in the Pac-10 and 24-4 overall and being ranked fifth in the nation for the 1980-1981 season. The season, capped with a win over the top-ranked then-undefeated Oregon State, had Lister earn honorable mention All-America honors by the Associated Press and Street & Smith's, All-Pac-10 honors, and his team's Most Improved Player award. 
A two-year starter in his three years with Arizona State, Lister was inducted into the Arizona State Hall of Fame in 2000 after a career that saw him average 8.2 rebounds and post 148 career blocks. Lister as a member of the 1980 USA Olympic basketball team was the second Sun Devil to be selected for the United States Olympic team. However, he was unable to participate due to the United States Olympic Committee's decision to boycott the 1980 Moscow Olympic Games on the orders of President Jimmy Carter.
Lister was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks in the first round (21st overall) of the 1981 NBA Draft. He would consider Bob Lanier his mentor during his time with the Bucks, where he averaged around 8.1 ppg, 7 rpg and 1.8 bpg while only playing 24 minutes a night in his five-year stint with the Bucks. In the 1982-83 season, Lister received 5 points in the NBA MVP voting even though he only averaged 8.4 points and 7.1 rebounds and started in 37 games.
After the 1986 season he was dealt to Seattle for Jack Sikma. His best year as a professional came during the 1986-87 season as a member of the SuperSonics, appearing in 75 games and averaging 11.6 ppg, 9.4 rpg and 2.4 bpg. After just 2 seasons with the Sonics, he was traded straight up to the Warriors for their first round pick. Lister would go on to play another 4 years with Golden State, though playing sparingly in due to injuries. He was waived by the Warriors in March 1993 and went on to sign with Milwaukee. After one more season with the Bucks, the then 37-year old Lister went to the Boston Celtics, as part of the Todd Day for Sherman Douglas trade. He spent two seasons in Boston on a $800,000 total salary averaging 1.9 ppg. Lister finished his career with 7 games for the Portland Trail Blazers. 
In his NBA career, Lister played in 953 games (incidentally, the second most games ever for a player with jersey #53, behind Artis Gilmore) and scored a total of 6,298 points. He wore jersey #53 his entire career, and was best known as a solid rebounder and shot blocker.
In 2000, Lister became head coach of at Mesa Community College. From a 9-21 season before his arrival, Lister had five consecutive seasons of 20 or more wins. In the seven years Lister served as coach, 30 players went on to play for NCAA Division I schools. While coaching at Mesa, Lister spent six summers at Pete Newell's Big Man's Camp. The Atlanta Hawks were impressed with Lister’s work at the Newell's camps, thus paving the way for Billy Knight's recruitment of Lister as assistant coach to Mike Woodson in 2007. 
In November 2008, upon the recommendation of Paul Howard, he was hired as skills coach to the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Lister lives in the Philippines with his Fil-Am wife Nova and their daughter Avery, working as skills coach of the Meralco Bolts. He has five children in the US, namely Alton, Jr., Alexa, JRoss, and Amari.
Trivia.
Lister's deceased brother James, a 6'9", 225-pound center from Sam Houston State University, was drafted by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the third round of the 1973 NBA draft, but he never played in the NBA. He played as an import in the Philippines (in 1981 for the PBA's CDCP Road Builders in 7 games) and in Belgium for 13 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5938675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938675" title="RolePlay (play)">
RolePlay (play)

RolePlay is a 2001 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn, the third in a trilogy of plays called "Damsels in Distress" ("GamePlan" and "FlatSpin" being parts one and two). It is about an engaged couple, Julie-Ann Jobson and Justin Lazenby whose engagement party is interrupted by unexpected intrusions.
Background.
"See also: Background on Damsels in Distress (plays) page."
"Damsels in Distress" was originally intended to be only a pair of plays: "GamePlan" and "FlatSpin". However, during early preparations, Ayckbourn had an idea for a third play, "RolePlay". When the cast agreed to the third play, the end of the Stephen Joseph Theatre's 2001 season was altered to accommodate this third play. Like the other two plays, this drew some inspiration from the London Docklands, where Alan Ayckbourn has a flat, and people often do not know each other well.
Characters.
As part of the "Damsels in Distress" trilogy, "RolePlay" was written to use the same seven actors as the other two plays in the series. In this play, the characters are:
Setting.
The entire play is set in Justin Lazenby's flat, on the riverside in the London Docklands. As part of "Damsels in Distress", the play was written to use the identical set to the other two plays. As with most Ayckbourn plays, it was originally performed in the Round for its original production at the Stephen Joseph Theatre. However, it was adapted for the Proscenium for subsequent performances elsewhere.
The play is performed in two Acts. The first Act is divided into two scenes, and the second Act is one continuous scene.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
Scene 1.
The play opens where Justin Lazenby and Julie-Ann Jobson are busy preparing for a dinner party. Julie-Ann's parents are expected, as is Justin's mother with her current "man-friend". It is intended Justin will announce their engagement but, there are already warning signs that they are perhaps not fully compatible. Julie-Ann's desperation to get every detail perfect isn't a good sign, neither is Justin's reaction to her suggestion of living chastely apart until their wedding night. In the meantime, Justin receives a series of phone calls from his mother, Arabella, indicating that she will be both drunk and late.
However, after Julie-Ann leaves in search of a replacement for a missing fork, a bigger problem emerges: a woman falls into Justin's balcony. She is Paige Petite, who climbed out of the window of the penthouse she lives in, on the run from her violent gangster boyfriend, Rudi, who mistakenly believes she cheated on him. Before she can leave, Paige's "minder", Micky Rale, enters, having gone in search of her. Paige refuses to go back with him, and Micky refuses to leave without her. Julie-Ann returns to discover Paige (having earlier taken a bath) wearing the dress she was intending to wear. Julie-Ann demands Paige takes off the dress, but it ends with Micky pointing a gun at Justin and insisting Julie-Ann helps herself to one of Paige's dresses upstairs. After Julie-Ann leaves, Micky acknowledges Justin is holding a party this evening and asks "Is there anything we can do to help?"
Scene 2.
In the second scene, Justin, Micky and Paige are still waiting for Julie-Ann's return. Julie-Ann's parents from Doncaster, Derek and Dee Jobson, arrive first. They instantly warm to Justin, but whilst it is clear they regard Julie-Ann (nicknamed "our apple") with far more fondness than their other two daughters. When Julie-Ann finally returns, it is in one of Paige's revealing dresses, much to her parents' horror.
When Justin's mother, Arabella, finally arrives, it is without her "man-friend" Olaf, who was ditched en route. Very drunk, she mistakes Paige for Justin's fiancée and says Justin has finally struck gold. When Justin eventually manages to point out which girl Julie-Ann really is, she says "He's done it again! Another bloody dog." Julie-Ann leaves in tears, Arabella collapses on the sofa, and the Act closes with Justin cheerfully saying "Soup anyone?"
Act 2.
The second act takes place after the dinner. In spite of Arabella spending the entire dinner unconscious, and Paige and Micky joining the meal and messing up the cutlery arrangement, things have evidently gone well. Julie-Ann, having swapped dresses with Paige at some point, attempts to make things up with Arabella, although Arabella never seems to grasp which girl is which. However, things start to go downhill when Derek has a private word with Justin. Derek suggests Justin should move up to Doncaster to take over his garden centre business, oblivious to Justin's hints that he is not interested. Furthermore, Justin learns from Derek that the reason Derek and Dee fell out with Julie-Ann's two sisters was because one of them is a lesbian and the other married a Chinese man.
Meanwhile, Micky takes the occasional phone call from an angry Rudi, now returning from a boxing match in Birmingham (where all his fighters lost). Paige gets increasingly fearful of what he will do to her when he returns, but Micky refuses to change his mind – not because he wishes this on her, but because he is doing his job. In spite of this, Paige rescues Micky when Arabella takes an interest in his boxing career, claiming he was brilliantly successful when in fact he was a dismal failure. After Arabella falls and breaks fourteen glasses, the evening starts to fall flat. Derek makes a few lame jokes that his family find hilarious, then attempts to start a couple of racist jokes. Undeterred, Julie-Ann insists on Justin's speech. Justin attempts to start with "It's with great pleasure ..." but keeps stalling on "It's ...", and instead breaks into It's a Long Way to Tipperary.
The conversation then moves to Paige's common-sounding voice, and she says it was down to a motorbike accident she had when she was younger – a story that Justin correctly suspects she made up. Arabella then suggests Paige does a dance as her party piece, (having earlier misunderstood what kind of "dancer" she is). Paige, having been incensed by the Jobsons over the evening, agrees and gives Justin a lap dance, before Julie-Ann attacks her. Considering the evening a write-off, Justin gets his mother away into a taxi before Julie-Ann talks to him. She forgives him, but in a way that implies that she expects Justin to take up Derek's garden centre offer to stay together.
The doorbell rings, which Justin believes to be Rudi. He is all set to deny everything, but it is only Arabella, having only made it a few hundred yards instead of to Godalming. Micky, having warmed to Arabella, and moved by Paige's story of her accident, not to mention fear of his getting hurt too when Rudi returns, offers to take Arabella home in Rudi's favourite car, thereby setting Paige free. Justin gives Paige some money to get on her way, but by now he wants an escape from his own life. He persuades Paige to take him with her. They leave together, and the play ends just as Rudi's gangsters are trying to force their way through the door to a surprised Derek and Dee.
Productions.
"See also: Productions on Damsels in Distress (plays) page."
The production at the Stephen Joseph Theatre had an opening night on 30 August 2001 and a premiere on 4 September 2001 (the late performance in the season due to the play being a late idea). It featured the following cast:
The production team was the following:
The production then toured, including a return to the Stephen Joseph Theatre in November to make up for the short run earlier.
The first West End performance was made at the Duchess Theatre on 7 September 2002, featuring the same cast and production team. The success of this play over the other two "Damsels in Distress" plays eventually led to this play dominating the run. This caused considerable upset amongst Ayckbourn and the cast who had expected the plays to be performed equally. Eventually, Ayckbourn expressed his frustration with West End Theatre in general. This was interpreted by many as a threat to boycott the West End altogether.
In 2004 and 2005, the play received three further professional productions by professional theatre companies.
Critical Reviews.
In spite of "RolePlay" being the afterthought of the trilogy, it earned the most praise of the three plays, throughout the original Scarborough run, the tour, and the later West End production. Whilst the critics were unanimous in praise of the play, opinions varied as to how they saw the play. Some saw it a revival of 'Classic Ayckbourn', and Paul Taylor of "The Independent" wrote that it "returns to vintage Ayckbourn territory: the dinner party from hell." Others, however, saw the play as having more depth Michael Billington of "The Guardian" wrote about the trilogy as a whole: "It shows Ayckbourn moving beyond his familiar terrain of suburban angst to deal with metropolitan madness and moral confusion.". Jeremy Kingston commended the play for the collision of three different worlds, and scenes where six of the characters remain immobile whilst the seventh speaks.
There were a number of niggling criticisms, including questioning why Julie-Ann did not call the police whilst she had the chance, but none of them bore any weight on the overall verdict of the plays.
Alison Pargeter won Best Newcomer in the Critics' Circle Awards for her role as Paige, along with her roles as Kelly in "GamePlan" and Rosie in "FlatSpin".

</doc>
<doc id="5938678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938678" title="What It's Like Being Alone">
What It's Like Being Alone

"What It's Like Being Alone" is a Canadian television program which aired on CBC Television in 2006. It is a black comedy created by Brad Peyton, and combines clay animation with voice work by Stacey DePass, Adam Reid, Dwayne Hill, Julie Lemieux, Peter Cugno, and Andrew Sabiston.
Having debuted on 26 June 2006, the series lasted only until 18 September of that year. The storylines of the thirteen episodes that aired during this timeframe center on the many attempts of fictional mutant children living in an orphanage to get adopted. Princess Lucy, a grey, fat, and warty orphan, is the main character, and the plot begins with her arrival at the orphanage. Critics regarded the series as unusual, and it received notably poor ratings. Commentators considered these ratings to reflect a generally poor performance of CBC programming in 2006.
Characters.
The storylines of "What It's Like Being Alone" revolve around the residents of the fictional Gurney Orphanage, a dark, run-down building. The orphanage has been described by a columnist as Victorian, and it may be set in a bog on the Canadian island of Newfoundland.
Plot.
Pilot.
The pilot of the series aired with some anticipation. Beforehand, columnist Randall Denley had written that "I suspect will be the highlight of the evening," noting the series had been described as "wondrous and fiendishly humorous." The first episode, titled ""The Gurney Orphanage For Beginners"," features Princess Lucy and her suitcase falling from the sky in front of the orphanage and killing three rabbits. Upon getting up and seeing the orphanage, Princess Lucy believes she has found her castle and royal family. Instead, she is surprised to find the building is full of mutant orphans, and devastated to learn she is an orphan herself. She tries to escape, but finds any way out blocked by a lake monster and a dangerous forest, among other things.
Eventually, a woman agrees to adopt Lucy. However, the other orphans see that the woman will probably not provide the best home for her, and intervene. Lucy ultimately decides that she belongs in the orphanage more so than her ideal castle.
Series.
The series was continued with twelve more episodes: Themes explored include "social issues, pop culture references and humour."
""Do Orphans Dream of Electric Parents?"" is the second episode. It is about Brian Brain inventing robots and making them his parents, only to find that the robots want to divorce each other. In the next episode, ""An Orphans Life Indeed"", Princess Lucy seeks a best friend, but her vanity causes her to decide that only she can be her own best friend. Lucy then clones herself, but the clones prove troublesome. Seymore, who is in love with Lucy, ultimately solves the problem by slaughtering the clones with a chainsaw. One critic remarked that this was a particularly "disturbing" scene for the series.
The fourth episode, called ""The Perfect Lesson"", sees the orphans trying to perform a play to impress visiting prospective parents. This was followed by the episode aired on 24 July, ""The Poster Child"" which is about a corporation that attempts to adopt Aldous to use her in advertisements. Aldous, under a witch's curse, must accept this shallow adoption or die.
In the episode ""Fire the Reverend"", a religious speaker visits the orphanage and confuses Charlie with Satan; the real Satan and his son later emerge, and Charlie finds out that while he is mistaken for being evil, Satan's son is trying to shed the perception that he is good. Eventually Charlie saves the day by persuading Satan and his son to leave the orphanage. The seventh episode is entitled ""Red, White and Orphanage"". It is about another orphanage abducting Brian Brain in order to exploit him in their plans for world domination. This was followed by ""Sammy's Episode"", which is about Sammy taking various medications, as well as shock therapy. The ninth episode is ""A Tale of Almost Unbearable Sadness,"" which is focussed on declining morale in the orphanage and exploration of the dangerous forest.
Alternate names for the tenth episode are ""Lucky Lucy"" and ""You Gotta Know When to Hold 'em"". In it, Princess Lucy bets that Byron and Beasly cannot be cleaned and wins. She afterwards gambles more but nearly loses the orphanage in the process. The episode ""Armie Loves Cigarettes"" sees Armie taking up smoking. According to the Internet Movie Database, the second last episode and season finale aired on the same day, 18 September. The twelfth and second last episode is called ""A Frightful Flu"," and in it Aldous entrusts care for the ailing orphans to a witch. The final episode, ""Silver Screen Lucy"" or ""The Sweet Stink of Success"," is about the orphans making short films to impress a prospective parent, but he ends up adopting Nanny Goodapple and Beasly and Byron, leaving the orphanage to Aldous.
Production.
The show was created by Brad Peyton of Newfoundland and Labrador, who explained that he identified himself as a "freak" growing up, and was thus motivated to try "celebrating flawed characters" in his work; he also employed stereotypical views of orphanages in the series. Peyton had previously made a black comedy short film called "", and afterwards declined to shoot a major film. Instead, he turned to "What It's Like Being Alone". He described the genesis of the series:
Peyton explained the writing by saying "it always comes out of an emotional place." One of the writers was Karen Walton, who had previously written the Canadian werewolf film "Ginger Snaps". The producers chose the type of animation due to Peyton's personal interest in it, although he later claimed that a day's work could lead to seconds' worth of material. A factory was needed with 8 to 10 teams, with some of the animators having previously worked on the Tim Burton film "Corpse Bride". The characters were made out of plastic and foam. Additionally, some animation was done through computers. Each character's figure had a number of add-on lips to express various sounds, and their eyes and eyebrows were also adjusted frequently during production. The figures could also be fastened into a surface, moved and fastened in again to portray movement. Peyton remarked that "The hardest thing is timing and pacing." Still, he also liked to emphasize that the series did not cost too much money to produce. 
The airing of the series had been stalled for a year, perhaps due to difficulties within the CBC. To get CBC to adopt the series, Peyton showed the company a commercial with the CBC logo in blood, remarking that "It's been way too long that you've waited to have your logo covered in blood." He had also said that "What It's Like Being Alone" was meant to attract university and high school students as an audience, and he felt that these people did not ordinarily watch the CBC. CBC itself was looking for original material, and was enthusiastic about the series because it seemed to stand out among Canadian television productions. Peyton's co-producer was Fred Fuchs, who later rose in the CBC staff; one critic believed Fuchs' promotion to be a reason why CBC adopted the series.
Reception.
Critics generally found the series to be unusual. CBC critic Stephen Cole commented that "What It's Like Being Alone" has "arguably the most surreal opening sequence in TV history" with a shift in view from a black and white Canadian flag to the orphan characters. He questioned whether the show indicated the CBC had adopted ""Addams Family" values" and said that it was "the wildest CBC comedy since "Twitch City"."
One television critic briefly said that "What It's Like Being Alone" is a "weird show," and simply advised individual viewers to see it for themselves. If they "relate" to it, the critic added, "a 'Yikes!' is in order." Bill Brioux of the "Toronto Sun" commented that in combining a feel one would usually expect from Tim Burton with elements of "Sesame Street", "What It's Like Being Alone" would probably not appeal fully to any demographic, despite its originality. Additionally, he felt Princess Lucy would be tiresome, and said he had hoped the show were more amusing.
In terms of ratings, the series did not do well. The "Toronto Star" described it as one of CBC's "prime-time dogs" with an audience of 78,000 people. The executive Richard Stursberg was blamed for cancelling the more popular "Da Vinci's City Hall" and "This is Wonderland" to make room for this and other shows, and in general for being a "one-man wrecking ball" for the CBC (the series ' had also flopped on CBC in 2006). On 18 September, the series finale had only 163,000 viewers, part of the perceived "shocking" low ratings CBC received that year, along with the low ratings of the documentary series ' and a mini-series about former-Quebec premier "René Lévesque".

</doc>
<doc id="5938688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938688" title="Merkendorf, Bavaria">
Merkendorf, Bavaria

Merkendorf is a municipality in the district of Ansbach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 14 km southeast of Ansbach.

</doc>
<doc id="5938690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938690" title="Premier of Nevis">
Premier of Nevis

The Premier of Nevis heads the Nevis Island Administration, an autonomous governing body within the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis

</doc>
<doc id="5938693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938693" title="Ukrainian American">
Ukrainian American

Ukrainian Americans (; translit. "Ukrayintsi Ameriki", "Ukrayintsi u SShA") are Americans who are of Ukrainian ancestry. According to U.S. census estimates, in 2006 there were 961,113 Americans of Ukrainian descent representing 0.33% of the American population. The Ukrainian population of the United States is thus the second largest outside the former Soviet Union; only Canada has a larger Ukrainian community. According to the 2000 U.S. census, the metropolitan areas with the largest numbers of Ukrainian Americans are: New York City with 160,000 Ukrainians, Philadelphia with 60,000 Ukrainians, Chicago with 46,000 Ukrainians, Los Angeles with 34,000, Detroit with 33,000 Ukrainians, Cleveland with 26,000 and Indianapolis with 19,000.
History.
The first Ukrainian immigrant to America, Ivan Bohdan, sailed with John Smith to the Jamestown colony in 1608. Bohdan met captain Smith during the time when the latter had fought the Turks, was captured, and escaped captivity by fleeing through Ukraine, Romania, Hungary, and other countries. Large scale Ukrainian immigration to America did not begin, however, until the 1880s.
The largest wave of Ukrainians came in the early 1990s, after the fall of the Soviet Union. A large number those emigrating from Ukraine after the fall of the Soviet Union were Jewish and Protestant. Many Ukrainians of the newest immigration wave migrated to large cities and regional centers, creating ethnic enclaves. In addition, many Ukrainian Americans have come by way of Canada, which has a larger Ukrainian presence.
Demographics.
According to the 2000 U.S. Census, there are 892,922 Americans of full or partial Ukrainian descent. The New York City Metropolitan Area contains by far the largest Ukrainian community in the United States, receiving the highest legal permanent resident Ukrainian immigrant population.
The American states with the largest Ukrainian populations are as follows:
The total number of people born in Ukraine is more than 275,155 inhabitants.
U.S. communities with high percentages of people of Ukrainian ancestry.
The top 20 U.S. communities with the highest percentage of people claiming Ukrainian ancestry are:
U.S. communities with the highest percentage of residents born in Ukraine.
Top 20 U.S. communities with the highest percentage of residents born in Ukraine are:

</doc>
<doc id="5938700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938700" title="List of minor planets/123101–123200">
List of minor planets/123101–123200


</doc>
<doc id="5938701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938701" title="Hermann Glauert">
Hermann Glauert

Hermann Glauert, FRS (4 October 1892 – 6 August 1934) was a British aerodynamicist and Principal Scientific Officer of the Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough until December 1934.
Glauert was born in Sheffield, Yorkshire; his father Louis Glauert was a cutlery manufacturer. He died in Aldershot, Hampshire.
Glauert wrote numerous reports and memoranda dealing with aerofoil and propeller theory. His book, The Elements of Aerofoil and Airscrew Theory was the single most important instrument for spreading Prandtl's airfoil and wing theory around the English speaking world.
Glauert independently developed Prandtl-Glauert method from the-then existing aerodynamic theory and published his results in "The Proceedings of the Royal Society" in 1928.
He died in an accident in a small park in Fleet common in Farnborough.
He is buried in the Ship Lane Cemetery, Farnborough, in a grave shared with his wife and fellow RAE Farnborough aerodynamicist Muriel Glauert, née Barker (1892–1949) who, upon her death, was subsequently buried alongside.
They had three children, a son, Michael (1924–2004), and twins Audrey and Richard (1925-).

</doc>
<doc id="5938715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938715" title="List of minor planets/123201–123300">
List of minor planets/123201–123300


</doc>
<doc id="5938722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938722" title="Ritopek">
Ritopek

Ritopek (Serbian Cyrillic: Ритопек) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in the Belgrade's municipality of Grocka, 20 km east of Belgrade and 19 km west of the municipal seat, on the right bank of the Danube, across the village of Ivanovo in Banat region of the Vojvodina province.
History.
In Roman times, Ritopek was called Tricornium (Latin for "three-horned fortification") and had an important military camp Castra Tricornia. Its name originated from three distinctive hills dominating the landscape, one of which sank or was simply washed away into the Danube. The settlement gave name to the Romanized Thracio-Celtic tribe of Tricornenses. A 258AD ceremonial breast plate with stylistic illustrations belonging to Legio VII Claudia soldier Aurelius Herculanus has been found and many other artifacts of the Roman period such as silver coins that were washed ashore once the Đerdap Dam was constructed. Ritopek is damaged practically every time the Danube spills over (like the floods in April 2006).
The elementary school in Ritopek was one of the first schools in Serbia, established in 1838. Together with the school, the villagers built the first church which finally took shape in 1868 and is dedicated to the Holy Trinity.
Economy.
Economy is almost entirely based on the agriculture, especially the intensive fruit growing with vast orchards around the village. The villagers mainly live off growing cherries, apricots and apples, and there are some remnants of vineyards. A summer festival, "Dani trešnje" ("Days of cherry") is held in the village. As the village is stretched almost 5 km along the road, new section on the road of "Smederevski put" is modern, commercially oriented (gas stations, restaurants, work shops, parking lots, etc.), and connects urbanistically Ritopek with Boleč and Vinča, thus being the easternmost part of the continuous built-up area of Belgrade.
Population.
Ritopek is statistically classified as a rural settlement (village). Historical population of Ritopek according to the official censa of population:

</doc>
<doc id="5938723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938723" title="Toastmaster (appliances)">
Toastmaster (appliances)

Toastmaster is a brand name for home appliances. It was originally (1921) the name of one of the world's first automatic electric toasters for home use, the Toastmaster Model 1-A-1. Since then the Toastmaster brand has been used on a wide range of small kitchen appliances, such as coffee makers, waffle irons, toasters, and blenders.
Ownership.
From 1929 until 1980, the brand was owned by McGraw Electric, renamed to McGraw-Edison in 1957. Following a leveraged buyout in 1980 to Magic Chef, the brand changed hands several times and finally went public in 1992 as Toastmaster, Inc. The company, headquartered in Boonville, Missouri, USA, was acquired by Salton, Inc., in 1999. After a series of acquisitions, the brand is now owned by Spectrum Brands, Inc. and is licensed to Select Brands, Inc. Commercial Toastmaster products for the food-service industry are manufactured by The Middleby Co.
External links.
For history of Toastmaster with a timeline and a brief list of references, please refer to http://www.toaster.org/tmaster_history.html.

</doc>
<doc id="5938742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938742" title="List of minor planets/123301–123400">
List of minor planets/123301–123400


</doc>
<doc id="5938743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938743" title="Hair tourniquet">
Hair tourniquet

Hair tourniquet is a medical condition where in a hair or other thread becomes tied around a toe or finger tightly, so as to put the digit at risk of damage. Occasionally this is known as Toe tourniquet.
The problem usually arises in babies and small children when hairs and thread are lost loosely inside socks They can become spontaneously tied round a toe and will tend to tighten with wriggling. Natural hair is much more likely to undergo this phenomenon than spun thread.
Incidents similar to this can also occur during sleep, usually under Duvets or sheets which have loose threads which can constrict the toes.
Signs.
As this is a condition primarily of young children, symptoms are rarely reported. The child will become suddenly uncomfortable and miserable. As the digit is often inside a sock, the cause may not be clear.
The affected toe can no longer receive an adequate blood supply via the arteries, nor can blood be drained via the veins. The toe will therefore swell and turn blue, indicating ischemia.
The ligature will not stretch in response to the toe swelling and will therefore cut into the skin in more severe cases, like a cheese-wire.
Treatment.
The ligature must be cut or dissolved as quickly as possible. Often it is possible to lift a portion of it to enable cutting, but in a severe case the ligature must be cut through the skin. This is, of course, injurious to the child, but does prevent loss of the digit. It must take place on the side of the toe, where there are no nerves or tendons.
Other treatment not requiring minor surgery includes use of a chemical depilatory, such as the over-the-counter product Nair, to dissolve or weaken the hair. This option is not indicated if the hair tourniquet has cut into the skin.
Prognosis.
Despite the distressing nature of the condition, outcomes are excellent. Loss of the toe is extremely rare, as is any residual disability.

</doc>
<doc id="5938751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938751" title="Joshua King">
Joshua King

Joshua King (16 January 1798 – 1 September 1857) was the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge from 1839 to 1849.

</doc>
<doc id="5938759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938759" title="The Bridge (Letter Kills album)">
The Bridge (Letter Kills album)

The Bridge is the debut and only studio album by American punk-emo band Letter Kills. Produced by Jim Wirt, the album was released on July 2, 2004 through Island Records.
Notes.
The track "Radio Up" was featured on the game "" and in "NHL 2005."

</doc>
<doc id="5938763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938763" title="Back in Black (disambiguation)">
Back in Black (disambiguation)

Back in Black is the seventh studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. 
Back in Black may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5938764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938764" title="List of minor planets/123401–123500">
List of minor planets/123401–123500


</doc>
<doc id="5938765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938765" title="Meyenburg">
Meyenburg

Meyenburg is a town in the district of Prignitz, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 23 km northwest of Wittstock, and 18 km northeast of Pritzwalk. The city contains Meyenburg Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="5938772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938772" title="Pnuma Trio">
Pnuma Trio

The Pnuma Trio is an electronic musical group, bringing classical, jazz, funk, hip hop, and drum and bass influences. A recent article in Art Voice magazine dubbed the Pnuma Trio the "Music of the future."
The Pnuma Trio consists of Alex Botwin on bass guitar, Ben Hazlegrove on keyboards, and Lane Shaw on drums. Hazlegrove received classical training at the Berklee College of Music.
The Pnuma Trio was born in December 2004 and began practicing and performing in Memphis, Tennessee. During their career, Pnuma has toured the United States extensively, and Japan and Australia as well. They were the only American band at 2006's Exodus Festival in Australia. They have shared the stage with bands like Disco Biscuits, STS9, Lotus, Zilla, Michael Franti, The String Cheese Incident, and Buckethead among others. 
Throughout the summer of 2007 the band will be heavily touring the festival circuit with stops at Wakarusa, Summer Camp, and 10,000 Lakes Festival, Joshua Tree Music Festival, and Nelson Ledges. 
Within the electronic music community, the Pnuma Trio's followers are growing at a steady pace. According to JamBase, "They've become one of the most talked about young bands in the country."
Pnuma Trio has just completed a new studio album entitled "Character" which was released on Columbia Records Japanese Division on September 25, 2007.
The Electric Avenue Music & Arts Festival announced that Pnuma Trio will headline the 3 Night / Day Festival in Denver, CO, Sept 3-5, 2010.
Currently Ben Hazlegrove and Lane Shaw are working on their project Mansions on the Moon, While Alex Botwin produces and tours as Paper Diamond.

</doc>
<doc id="5938775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938775" title="2000 Plus">
2000 Plus

2000 Plus (aka Two Thousand Plus and 2000+) was an American old-time radio series that ran on the Mutual Broadcasting System from March 15, 1950 to January 2, 1952 in various 30-minute time slots. A Dryer Weenolsen production, it was the first adult science fiction series on radio, airing one month prior to the better known "Dimension X".
"2000 Plus" was an anthology program, using all new material rather than adapting published stories. The series was the creation of Sherman H. Dryer (October 11, 1913-December 22, 1989) who scripted and produced the series with Robert Weenolsen (April 19, 1900-August 1979).
Cast.
Dryer directed cast members Lon Clark, Joseph Julian, Henry Norell, Bill Keene, Bryna Raeburn and Amzie Strickland and others. Emerson Buckley conducted the music composed by Elliott Jacoby. Ken Marvin was the program's announcer, and the sound effects were by Adrian Penner. 
The nature of the series is indicated in the titles of 1950 episodes: "The Brooklyn Brain", "The Flying Saucers", "The Robot Killer", "Rocket and the Skull", "A Veteran Comes Home", "Men from Mars", "When the Machines Went Wild", "When the Worlds Met", "The Insect", "Silent Noise", "The Green Thing", "The Giant Walks", and "Worlds Apart". There are 32 known episodes, and only some of these have survived.
In "Science Fiction Television" (2004), M. Keith Booker wrote:
Listen to.
th synopses]

</doc>
<doc id="5938780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938780" title="List of minor planets/123501–123600">
List of minor planets/123501–123600


</doc>
<doc id="5938781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938781" title="Al Wood">
Al Wood

Martin Alphonzo "Al" Wood (born June 2, 1958) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the 1st round (4th overall) of the 1981 NBA Draft. A 6'6" guard-forward from the University of North Carolina, Wood played in 6 NBA seasons for 4 different teams. He played for the Hawks, San Diego Clippers, Seattle SuperSonics and Dallas Mavericks. 
In his NBA career, Wood played in 417 games and scored a total of 4,902 points. His best year as a professional came during the 1985-86 season as a member of the SuperSonics, appearing in 80 games and averaging 15.0 ppg.

</doc>
<doc id="5938790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938790" title="Agostino Abbagnale">
Agostino Abbagnale

Agostino Abbagnale (born 25 August 1966 in Pompei) is an Italian rower and Triple Olympic gold medalist. He is also the younger brother of multiple Olympic medalists Carmine Abbagnale and Giuseppe Abbagnale. 
Biography.
Abbagnale won his first gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. He stroked the Italian Quadruple scull (4x). His brothers Carmine and Giuseppe won gold medals at the same games in the pair with coxswain event (2+).
After the medal ceremony, Abbagnale, who is a poor swimmer, jumped into the rowing lake and landed on one of his partners Davide Tizzano, knocking the gold medal out of his hand. It took scuba divers two days to recover the missing medal. Shortly thereafter, Abbagnale began suffering from thrombosis which caused blood clots in the veins of his legs. He had to give up rowing for 5 years which prevented him from rowing in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Abbagnale returned to the Olympic stage at the 1996 Summer Olympics teaming with Davide Tizzano to win the Gold in the Double Scull (2x). At the 2000 Summer Olympics, Abbagnale repeated his gold medal performance winning the Quadruple Scull (4x). A flare up in his thrombosis forced Abbagnale to retire in 2003.
In 2006, Abbagnale was awarded the Thomas Keller Medal, given by FISA, the governing board for international rowing. The Thomas Keller Medal is awarded for an outstanding career in international rowing. Abbagnale's brothers Carmine and Giuseppe had been awarded the Thomas Keller Medal in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5938791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938791" title="List of minor planets/123601–123700">
List of minor planets/123601–123700


</doc>
<doc id="5938804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938804" title="List of minor planets/123701–123800">
List of minor planets/123701–123800


</doc>
<doc id="5938815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938815" title="List of minor planets/123801–123900">
List of minor planets/123801–123900


</doc>
<doc id="5938816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938816" title="Imagine Cup">
Imagine Cup

Imagine Cup is an annual competition sponsored and hosted by Microsoft Corp. which brings together young technologists worldwide to help resolve some of the world's toughest challenges. The Imagine Cup comprises five major technology competitions, including Software Design, and four challenges (although the challenge number is updated annually). All Imagine Cup competitors create projects that address the Imagine Cup theme: "Imagine a world where technology helps solve the toughest problems". Started in 2003, it has steadily grown in size, with more than 358,000 competitors representing 183 countries and regions in 2011. The Imagine Cup Worldwide finals have been held all over the globe. The Imagine Cup 2012 Worldwide Finals was held in Sydney, Australia.
History.
The Imagine Cup began in 2003 with approximately 1,000 competitors from 25 countries and regions and has grown to more than 358,000 competitors representing 183 countries and regions in 2011. The Imagine Cup Worldwide finals have been held all over the globe. The Imagine Cup 2012 Worldwide Finals was held in Sydney, Australia.
Competition structure.
All Imagine Cup competitors create projects that address the Imagine Cup theme: “Imagine a world where technology helps solve the toughest problems.” Imagine Cup 2011 consists of five competitions, including: Software Design, Game Design, Embedded Development, Digital Media and Windows Phone 7. In addition, participants may also compete in four challenges, including: Orchard, IT, and Interoperability and Windows 7 Touch.
Competitions:
Challenges:
Criticism.
The Microsoft Corporation has been criticized for including provisions in the competition's legal documents, stating that by accepting their prizes, winners agree to allow Microsoft to use concepts, techniques, ideas or solutions from the winning applications "for any purpose." Also, the competition has been criticized for being rather Microsoft-centric, with demands such as "the entry must be designed on.NET Framework 2.0 using Microsoft Visual Studio" or "30% of the scoring in this round will be based on use of showcasing the.NET framework".
Microsoft's Rules and Regulations, however, contains a section stating that students' intellectual property will be respected, and that neither Imagine Cup competition nor Microsoft claim ownership of the materials provided by the competitors. It is important to highlight that for the sake of the judgment, internal elements of the solution might be made public to the judges.
Winners.
There are a number of competitions and challenges within the Imagine Cup. The Software Design category is the primary competition in which its winners take home the Imagine Cup trophy.
Innovation Accelerator.
The Imagine Cup Innovation Accelerator was a program that, between 2006 and 2008, provided Imagine Cup Software Design teams with direction on the next stage of developing their innovative ideas into a business. Each year, between 2006–2008, six teams were selected for the Innovation Accelerator program. Participants in the Innovation Accelerator program travelled to the Microsoft Mountain View campus in Silicon Valley and received technical support and business coaching to create the must-have technology and communications applications of the future.
In 2010, Microsoft began inviting every Imagine Cup team to participate in its new program for startups: Microsoft BizSpark. With this program, startups receive access to current, full-featured software development tools and platforms.
Previous teams include:
Imagine Cup Grant.
A three-year, $3 million competitive grant program was established by Microsoft in 2011 to support a select number of winning teams’ solutions to go to market and realize its potential to solve a critical global problem. The inaugural grant recipients were announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland on January 27, 2012 which included the following teams:
The grant packages include US$75,000 for each team, as well as software, cloud computing services, solution provider support, premium Microsoft BizSpark account benefits and access to local resources such as the Microsoft Innovation Centers. Microsoft will also connect grant recipients with its network of investors, nongovernmental organization partners and business partners.
Student recognition.
Imagine Cup participants from around the world who won their regional competitions in 2010 have been recognized by their government leaders. 
In October 2010, two Imagine Cup 2010 United States finalists (Wilson To from the Mobilifeteam and Christian Hood from BeastWare) were invited to participate in the White House Science Fair. 
New Zealand’s Prime Minister, Hon. John Key sent Team OneBeep from New Zealand a personal letter that congratulated them on their third place finish.
Team Skeek from Thailand, winners of the 2010 Software Design competition, met Dr. Khunying Kalaya Sophonpanich, a member of Parliament and Secretary General of The Rajapruek Institute Foundation.
Microsoft Poland and members of the European Parliament hosted the “Pushing the Boundaries of Innovation” conference in Brussels. Imagine Cup teams from Poland (fteams and Mutants), Serbia (TFZR), Germany (Mediator), and Belgium (Nom Nom Productions) were in attendance. 
Greek Imagine Cup winners, Giorgos Karakatsiotis and Vangos Pterneas, of Megadodo, met with the Prime Minister of Greece, George Papandreou, and demonstrated their project that creates personalized descriptions of museum exhibits based on the user's needs.
Teams Xormis and Educ8 from Jamaica were honored with a special luncheon hosted by the Government of Jamaica that included an address from Hon. Bruce Golding, the prime minister. 
Team Think Green had the opportunity to meet with Ivo Josipović, President of Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="5938818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938818" title="Wolf Wolfensberger">
Wolf Wolfensberger

Wolf Wolfensberger (1934-2011) was a German-American academic who influenced disability policy and practice in the United States and elsewhere through his development of Social Role Valorisation (SRV). SRV extended the work of Bengt Nirje in Europe on Normalisation. He later extended his approach in a radical anti-deathmaking direction.
Born in Mannheim, Germany in 1934, Dr. Wolfensberger was sent to the countryside for two years during World War II, in order to escape the bombing. He emigrated to the USA in 1950 at 16 years of age. He studied Philosophy at Siena College in Memphis, Tennessee, received a Master of Arts in Clinical Psychology at St. Louis University, and a PhD in Psychology from Peabody College for Teachers (now part of Vanderbilt University) where he specialized in mental retardation and special education.
Wolfensberger worked at Muscatatuck State School ("State School" was a term for US intellectual disability total institutions) (Indiana) and interned at the E.R. Johnstone Training Center (New Jersey). He did a one year National Institute of Health research fellowship (1962–1963) at Maudsley Hospital, (London, England) studying with Dr. Jack Tizard and Dr. Neil O'Connor. Wolfensberger was the Director of Research (1963–1964) at Plymouth State Home and Training School (Michigan). He was a mental retardation research scientist at the Nebraska Psychiatric Institute of the University of Nebraska Medical School in Omaha from 1964 to 1971.
Between 1971 and 1973, he was a visiting scholar at the National Institute on Mental Retardation in Toronto, Canada, and was the Director of the Training Institute for Human Service Planning, Leadership and Change Agentry at Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York until his death.
Much of Wolfensberger’s work has been concerned with ideologies, structures and planning patterns of human service systems, especially concerning persons with intellectual disabilities and their families. He authored and co-authored more than 40 books and monographs, and wrote more than 250 chapters and articles. His books Changing Patterns in Residential Services for the Mentally Retarded, The Principle of Normalization, PASS and PASSING are probably best known. His writing has been translated into 11 languages.
Dr. Wolfensberger was the originator of Citizen Advocacy and Social Role Valorization, and he was the foremost propagator of normalization in North America. In 1999, Wolf Wolfensberger was selected by representatives of seven major mental retardation organizations as one of 35 parties that had been the most impactful on mental retardation worldwide in the 20th century.
Dr. Wolfensberger's papers are at the McGoogan Library of Medicine at the University of Nebraska Medical Center.

</doc>
<doc id="5938819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938819" title="Estonian American">
Estonian American

The Estonian Americans () are Americans who are of Estonian ancestry, mainly descendants of people who left Estonia before and especially during World War II. According to the 2000 US census, there were over 25,000 Americans of full or partial Estonian descent, down from 26,762 in 1990.
History.
Estonians first started coming to the United States in the late 19th century, and continued until the mid-20th century. The beginnings of industrialization and commercial agriculture in the Russian Empire transformed Estonian farmers into migrants. The pressures of industrialization drove numerous Estonian peasants to emigrate to the United States continuing until the outbreak of World War I. In 1944, in the face of the country being re-occupied by the Red Army, 80,000 people fled from Estonia by sea to Germany and Sweden, becoming war refugees and later, expatriates. Some thousand of them moved on from there and settled in the United States. After the war's end, these displaced persons were allowed to immigrate to the United States and to apply for citizenship. Some of these refugees and their descendants started returning to Estonia at the end of the 1980s.
Famous Estonian Americans.
Conductor Neeme Järvi was the music director of the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra, as well as the international Gothenburg Symphony, and Het Residentie Orkest of The Hague. His three children, conductors Paavo Järvi and Kristjan Järvi, and flautist Maarika Järvi, are prominent American musicians in their own right. Paavo Järvi is the chief conductor of the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra
Chemist Lauri Vaska emigrated to United States in 1949. He is distinguished for his research in organometallic chemistry, winning the prestigious "Boris Pregel Award". Hillar Rootare, a materials scientist, is best known for his work in the development of mercury porosimetry, high pressure liquid chromatography, and the formulation of the Rootare-Prenzlow Equation.
In journalism, Edmund S. Valtman, a successful editorial cartoonist, won the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning.
Alar Toomre is an astronomer recognized for his research on the dynamics of galaxies. The "Toomre sequence" and "Toomre Instability" are named in his honor.
In entertainment, singer and actress Miliza Korjus was nominated for an Academy Award for her performance in the 1938 film "The Great Waltz".
Hollywood actor Johann Urb (born January 24, 1977) is an Estonian living and working in the United States.
Kerli Kõiv (born February 7, 1987), better known mononymously as Kerli, is an Estonian pop singer residing in the United States since 2005.
Psychologist, psychobiologist and neuroscientist Jaak Panksepp (born June 5, 1943) coined the term 'affective neuroscience', the name for the field that studies the neural mechanisms of emotion.
Mena Alexandra Suvari (born February 13, 1979) is an American actress, fashion designer, and model.

</doc>
<doc id="5938821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938821" title="Mittenwalde">
Mittenwalde

Mittenwalde is a town in the Dahme-Spreewald district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 30 km southeast of Berlin (centre).
On May 28, 1562 the town of Mittenwalde lent Berlin 400 guilders. The debt has never been repaid, though the town has attempted to collect the debt on rare occasion. The amount in 2012 would be about 112 million euros ($136.79 million), with ordinary interest. With compound interest the debt would be in the trillions of euros.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5938826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938826" title="Rói Patursson">
Rói Patursson

Rói Reynagarð Patursson (born 21 September 1947) is a Faroese writer and philosopher. He is also the director of the Folk High School of the Faroes.
He was born in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands. After attending the St. Frans School in Tórshavn and secondary school, Patursson went abroad from 1964 to 1965, afterwards taking various jobs in Tórshavn and Copenhagen. In 1968 he traveled across Europe, and afterwards he attended a Gymnasium until 1969.
From 1970 to 1985 he lived in Copenhagen. In 1973 he married Sólrun Johannessen, with whom he had a daughter Unn Cecilia in 1974. In 1976 he began the study of philosophy at the University of Copenhagen, and received a Masters in 1985. He had a second daughter, Lív Maria, in 1981.
Having returned to the Faroes in 1985, he taught night school and at the University of the Faroe Islands, and made transmissions for Útvarp Føroya (Radio of the Faroes). In 1987 he received the post as docent at the "Skrivekunst Akademiet" in Bergen, Norway. Since 1988, he has led the Folk High School of the Faroes.
Rói Patursson's literary work includes prose and poetry. In 1986, he won The Nordic Council's Literature Prize for his poetry collection "Líkasum" (1985). This prize is awarded to only one author per year, and Paturrsson and William Heinesen are the only Faroese writers to win to date.

</doc>
<doc id="5938831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938831" title="List of minor planets/123901–124000">
List of minor planets/123901–124000


</doc>
<doc id="5938834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938834" title="Crush 'n' Gusher">
Crush 'n' Gusher

Crush 'N' Gusher is a water coaster in Disney's Typhoon Lagoon on the Walt Disney World Resort property.
This ride was the first water coaster to be built for a Disney water park. Themed as an abandoned and dilapidated fruit process center, guests may slide down three different slides: the "Banana Blaster", "Coconut Crusher", or "Pineapple Plunger". These slides range from 410 to in length, but all send riders to a plunge into the "Hideaway Bay" pool.
Requirements: Minimum height requirement of 48" (122 cm).
Development.
Specifics pertaining to mark Crush 'N' Gusher were announced by Disney officials by December 2004. As Patrick Brennan of Walt Disney Imagineering and lead creative designer of the attraction explained, the Crush 'N' Gusher would utilize "some of the latest water ride innovations in the industry today." He also explained, "When completed, Crush 'N' Gusher at Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park will be the only water coaster thrill ride of its kind in Central Florida".
The Crush 'N' Gusher opened officially on March 15, 2005.
Attraction description.
After riders ascend a dilapidated structure seemingly through a dense tropical forest, riders are sent down one of the three Crush 'N' Gusher slides, which all return to the Hideaway Bay pool in different paths consisting of uphill and downhill tunnels, turns, curves, and the like. Guests travel upon inflatable rafts decorated with tropical fruits, reflecting Disney's theme of a journey through a tropical fruit processing plant.

</doc>
<doc id="5938836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938836" title="Gloster Gauntlet">
Gloster Gauntlet

The British Gloster Gauntlet was a single-seat, biplane fighter of the RAF designed and built by Gloster Aircraft in the 1930s. It was the last RAF fighter to have an open cockpit and the penultimate biplane fighter in service.
Design and development.
The Gloster S.S.18 first flew in January 1929. The Gauntlet was a development of the Gloster S.S.19B design, which originally mounted six machine guns (i.e. four in the wings and two in the fuselage). The original S.S.19 prototype being re-engined with a Bristol Mercury VIS engine, first flying in this form in 1933. On testing the S.S.19, the Air Ministry placed an order for 24 aircraft in September 1933, to be named the "Gauntlet".
This initial order was followed up with orders for the revised Gauntlet Mk. II. This new model used a revised construction method based on that used by Hawker following Hawker's takeover of Gloster, as this was much easier to build and repair than Gloster's welded structure. A total of 204 Mk IIs were produced in the UK.
Operational history.
The Gauntlet Mk. I first entered service with No 19 Squadron at RAF Duxford in May 1935. The Gauntlet proved successful and popular in operational service, being faster than the aircraft it replaced, the Bristol Bulldog to form the main part of the RAF's fighter strength. The Gauntlet was the fastest aircraft in the RAF from 1935 to 1937. 
The Gauntlet Mk II entered service with 56 Squadron and 111 Squadron in May 1936, a further six squadrons being re-equipped with the Gauntlet by the end of the year. At the height of its career, the Gauntlet equipped a total of 14 Squadrons of RAF Fighter Command. No. 32 (The Royal) Squadron RAF Gauntlets were used in early trials of ground direction of fighters by radar.
As more advanced fighters, such as the Gloster Gladiator, Hawker Hurricane and Supermarine Spitfire started to re-equip the Gauntlet squadrons in 1936 and 1937, the Gauntlets were passed on to freshly formed units as their first equipment to allow then to gain training before receiving more modern fighters. Gauntlets were also shipped to the Middle East, equipping three RAF squadrons.
All home based Gauntlet squadrons had re-equipped with more modern fighters by the start of the Second World War, but remained in service in the Middle East for longer, with a flight of Gauntlets remaining in service with No.3 Sqn RAAF in the Middle East when Italy declared war in 1940. These were briefly used for ground attack operations against the Italians before being retired from operations owing to maintenance problems. Gauntlets continued in use for meteorological flights until 1943.
Seventeen Gauntlets IIs were licence produced in Denmark, while 25 ex-RAF machines were supplied by South Africa as support to Finland in 1940 as a result of the Winter War. Already obsolete, they were used as advanced trainers by the Finns. The Finnish nickname for the Gauntlet was "Kotletti" (literally "cutlet").
Survivors.
As of 2008, the only airworthy Mk II in the world, "GT-400", is registered in Finland where it spends its summers in Kymi Airfield Aviation Museum near Kotka.

</doc>
<doc id="5938839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938839" title="Business Process Modeling Language">
Business Process Modeling Language

Business Process Modeling Language (BPML) is a language for business process modeling. BPML was a "proposed" language, but now the BPMI has dropped support for this in favor of BPEL4WS (Business Process Execution Language for Web Services).
As of 2008, BPML has also been reported to have been deprecated in favor of BPDM (Business Process Definition Metamodel).
BPMI took this decision when it was acquired by OMG in order to gain access to its popular specification, BPMN (Business Process Model and Notation). This notation was useful to OMG in order to enrich UML with process notation.
BPML, a superset of BPEL, was implemented by early stage vendors, such as Intalio Inc., but incumbents such as IBM and Microsoft did not implement BPML in their existing workflow and integration engine implementations (BizTalk, Websphere etc.). Hence, they pushed for a simpler language, BPEL. Today, open source implementations of BPML still exceed the capability of these commercial products. This led some to say that BPML versus BPEL was a case of VHS versus Betamax. The analogy is not quite correct. For VHS and Betamax both let you watch video - even if one implementation won out. That is not the case with BPML and BPEL. BPML was designed as a formally complete language, able to model any process, and, via a BPMS (business process management system), deployed as an executable software process without generation of any software code. This is not possible with BPEL, since BPEL is not a complete process language. To illustrate this, note that BPEL is often used in conjunction with Java to fill in the "missing" semantics. In addition, BPEL is often tied to proprietary implementations of workflow or integration broker engines. Whereas, BPML was designed, and implemented, as a pure concurrent and distributed processing engine.
Ironically, the most complete implementation of BPEL today, is Intalio's open BPMS, which also completes the semantics by fulfilling the spirit of the BPML specification. Maybe in future BPML will be seen in other BPEL implementations. The only difference in the future will be syntax, not semantics. In this sense, BPML cannot be avoided, since it was designed to be semantically complete according to the Pi-calculus formal representation of computational processes.
The battle between BPML and BPEL is widely viewed as an example of the power of IBM and Microsoft over early stage startups to complete a core technology stack at the heart of their business model.
BPEL and BPML are examples of a trend towards process-oriented programming. BPEL and BPML herald the concept of a BPMS as an IT capability for management of business processes, playing a role similar to a RDBMS for business data.

</doc>
<doc id="5938841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938841" title="Getting the Bird">
Getting the Bird

"Getting the Bird" is the fourth episode of the fifth series of the British television situation comedy "Dad's Army" and was originally transmitted on 27 October 1972.
Synopsis.
Wilson is missing from the platoon, and Frazer assumes there has been an argument between him and Mrs Pike. Godfrey comments that he spotted the Sergeant with his arm around an attractive and much younger woman.
Plot.
The episode begins with rumours abounding that Sergeant Wilson has gone AWOL. The platoon inform Captain Mainwaring that after a particularly heavy night drinking, Wilson was seen about town with a young woman (a Wren) on his arm. Pike reveals that Wilson and his mother had an argument about something, so he is not calling Wilson "Uncle Arthur", and will not take orders from him. During this discussion, Wilson is found in the church hall, asleep behind the stage curtain.
While Mainwaring berates the still tipsy Wilson in his office, Wilson begins to see pigeons on Mainwaring's bookshelf. Both believe this to be the result of Wilson's drunken state until Pike enters the office and points them out. Immediately, the office is filled with pigeons.
It emerges that Walker had stored the birds in the boiler room and they had escaped. Walker secretly proposes to Jones – whose butcher's shop is having trouble obtaining meat – to buy the pigeons from Walker to augment his supply of meat, and is persuaded to help Walker to hide them in the church. 
However, Jones becomes suspicious when he hears on the radio that there is a sudden and unexplained shortage of pigeons in Trafalgar Square, and ends the agreement. 
Just ahead of a church service we hear a conversation between Wilson and the young woman, where we discover that she is his daughter, from a failed marriage before Wilson moved to Walmington-on-Sea. This is reason for the argument between him and Mrs Pike. Frazer is the only person to overhear this, but he says he will keep quiet about it.
The hymns are ruined when the organ begins to play and dead pigeons are fired across the church: Walker is exposed as having hidden the pigeons in the organ pipes.

</doc>
<doc id="5938856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938856" title="Total Entertainment!">
Total Entertainment!

Total Entertainment! is an album by queercore band Pansy Division.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jon Ginoli. 

</doc>
<doc id="5938861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938861" title="Mitterteich">
Mitterteich

Mitterteich is a municipality in the district of Tirschenreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 10 km northwest of Tirschenreuth, and 17 km southwest of Cheb.

</doc>
<doc id="5938866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938866" title="Joe Hunter (musician)">
Joe Hunter (musician)

Joseph Edward Hunter (November 19, 1927 – February 2, 2007) was an African-American musician, known for his recording session work as a pianist in Motown Records' in-house studio band, the Funk Brothers. One of the original Funk Brothers, Hunter served as band director for the band from 1959 until 1964, when he left Motown and was replaced by Earl Van Dyke.
Hunter was born in Jackson, Tennessee, United States. Though his time with the Funk Brothers was short, his unique style of piano playing was integral to the "Motown Sound" . Hunter left a lasting impression on future Motown session musicians, and artists such as Stevie Wonder. He also produced and arranged various soul tracks during the 1960s. He was involved with Pied Piper Productions. Some artists that Hunter can be affiliated with are The Metros, Dennis Edwards, The Hesitations, and Freddy Butler 
Hunter's influences include Art Tatum, Sergei Rachmaninov, and Nat King Cole. Among the many records he performed the piano for are "Shop Around" by The Miracles (though the Gerald Posner book, "Motown", credited Berry Gordy, Jr), "Do You Love Me" by The Contours, and "Heat Wave" by Martha & the Vandellas.
Joe Hunter died of natural causes on February 2, 2007, at the age of 79. He was a full-time musician in the Detroit area at the time of his death. He is survived by his son Joe jr, daughter Michelle, and three grand children Joe III, Nathan and Isaac.
He is not to be confused with the Texan pianist Ivory Joe Hunter, who died in 1974; nor with the Motown producer and songwriter Ivy Jo Hunter.

</doc>
<doc id="5938868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938868" title="Elizabeth Ziegler Public School">
Elizabeth Ziegler Public School

Elizabeth Ziegler Public School is an elementary school located in Waterloo, Ontario, at 90 Moore Avenue South, roughly one kilometre east of Waterloo's city centre. , the school serves junior kindergarten through grade 6. Its principal is currently Ms. Lynne Green, and it has a vice principal, Ms Peebles. The school also currently hosts two mixed grade 5&6 enrichment classes for gifted students. In 2005 the school was ranked 971st out of 2,850 elementary schools in Ontario by the Fraser Institute, based on the results of grade 3 and 6 students on province-wide standardized tests.
The school was named after Elizabeth Ziegler, a local teacher who had taught for 55 years. It opened on September 2, 1931. At the time, it was Waterloo's third public elementary school. The first principal was C. J. MacGregor. Between 1940 and 1950 the school also housed some grade 9 classes because of overcrowding at Kitchener-Waterloo Collegiate and Vocational School.
On December 16, 1985, the school building was designated by the City of Waterloo as a heritage landmark under the provisions of the Ontario Heritage Act. The building was built in Gothic Revival style and cost $121,999 to build, a significant expenditure during the Great Depression. The building was three stories tall and originally had 16 rooms, including double-sized rooms for household science, kindergarten, manual training, and assembly. Two extensions were later made, one in 1955 and another, consisting mainly of a gymnasium, in 1987. 
The school, which is the oldest school in Waterloo that is still operating, celebrated its 75th anniversary in 2006. On June 21, 2006, the students of the school celebrated the anniversary. An open house was held on October 14, 2006.
Lennox Lewis, former heavyweight boxing champion, attended the school in the late 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="5938886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938886" title="Danny Vranes">
Danny Vranes

Danny Vranes (born October 29, 1958) is a retired American professional basketball player.
Vranes led Skyline High School, in Salt Lake City, to the state basketball championship in his senior year (1977). A 6'7" small forward from the University of Utah, he was selected by the Seattle SuperSonics in the 1st round (5th overall) of the 1981 NBA Draft. Vranes played in 7 NBA seasons with the SuperSonics and Philadelphia 76ers from 1981 to 1988.
In his NBA career, Vranes played in 510 games and scored a total of 2,613 points. His best year as a professional came during the 1983–84 season as a member of the SuperSonics, appearing in 80 games and averaging 8.4 ppg. In the 1984–85 season, he was named to the NBA All-Defensive Second Team.
He played in Europe for AEK BC, Teorematour Arese and Breeze Milano.
His ancestors emigrated to the United States from Croatia in the early 1900s. Vranes is a member of the LDS Church.

</doc>
