<doc id="5949529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949529" title="Dupré">
Dupré

Dupré is a French name that literally means "from the meadow". Also existing variants are Duprée, DuPree, DePrez, Dupre, and Du Preez.
South African.
French Huguenot families came to South Africa fleeing the persecution in 17th century France caused by the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685. Amongst them was Hercule Des Prez and his family that left for South Africa aboard the ship "Die Schelde" on 19th of February 1688. Through time the surname has changed to "Du Preez". The surname Du Preez is a fairly well known in South Africa and is a typical Afrikaans surname. Well known South Africans with the surname Du Preez are well known rugby personalities Frik du Preez and current Springbok Fourie du Preez.

</doc>
<doc id="5949533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949533" title="Sakurakai">
Sakurakai

The "Sakurakai" was led by Imperial Japanese Army Lieutenant Colonel Kingoro Hashimoto, then chief of the Russian section of the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff and Captain Isamu Cho with the support of Sadao Araki. The society began with about ten members, active-duty field grade officers of the Army General Staff, and expanded to include regimental-grade and company-grade officers, so that its membership increased to more than 50 by February 1931, and possibly up to several hundred by October 1931. One prominent leader was Kuniaki Koiso, future Prime Minister of Japan.
Twice in 1931 (the March Incident and the Imperial Colors Incident), the "Sakurakai" and civilian ultranationalist elements attempted to overthrow the government. With the arrest of its leadership after the Imperial Colors Incident, the "Sakurakai" was dissolved.
Many of its former members migrated to the "Toseiha" faction within the Army.

</doc>
<doc id="5949544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949544" title="World Cup 98 (video game)">
World Cup 98 (video game)

World Cup 98 was the first official FIFA World Cup game developed by EA Sports after obtaining the rights from FIFA in 1997. Unlike the previous World Cup games, which were in 2D and showed a bird's-eye view, "World Cup 98" was the first in the franchise to use a 3D engine, utilising DirectX for the PC version. Accurate national team kits (except for the goalkeepers who were issued a generic kit) were introduced complete with kit manufacturer logos and official merchandise. The game engine is based on that of , though it features some minor gameplay improvements to areas such as ingame strategy changing and player positioning. The playable teams in the friendly mode also included several nations that did not qualify for the finals. "World Cup 98" was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation, Nintendo 64 and Game Boy.
Game modes.
The main feature of the game is the World Cup tournament itself, where the player may use either the actual groups used in the finals, or groups composed of a random selection of the included teams. Each match takes place in a recreation of the venue it was played in the actual tournament. As in the real tournament, group games do not go to extra time or a penalty shootout but knockout matches do.
The game was released prior to the actual World Cup, therefore results between CPU teams are not based on results from the actual tournament. At the end of each match, a caption shows the man of the match award, and if applicable a clean sheet caption. At the end of the "World Cup" game mode, captions show the winner of the Golden Boot for most goals scored during the tournament and winner of the FIFA Fair Play Award, two awards which are given in the real World Cup.
It is also possible to play friendly matches between any of the teams that are included in the game. At the end of a drawn game the player can choose to finish the match as a draw, play extra time with the golden goal rule, or take part in a penalty shootout.
As in "FIFA 98", national squads can be customised to reflect the actual tournament's players by including players from a reserves pool in the "customise" option.
The "World Cup Classics" mode allows the player to play fifteen classic FIFA World Cup matches. The 1982 match is unlocked by winning the "World Cup" mode, and by completing each unlocked game, the next one is unlocked in the order shown below. "World Cup Classics" mode features accurate period team kits (except for the goalies), hairstyles and names, and commentary for this mode only was provided by Kenneth Wolstenholme, the BBC's commentator during the 1966 and 1970 FIFA World Cup. For the 1966, 1954 and 1950 World Cup Final matches in this mode, the graphics are in black and white, as they were shown on television at the time. The 1938 and 1930 matches are shown using sepia tone graphics. In matches that took place prior to the introduction of substitutions, it is not possible to change a player during the match (however, this also applies to the 1970 final, which was when substitutions became the rule). Other historical inaccuracies include cards being awarded to players in matches prior to 1970 and the use of brown leather balls for matches from 1970 onwards, in lieu of balls like the Adidas Telstar (for 1970 and 1974) and the Adidas Tango España (for the 1982 final).
Teams.
The game features every team that qualified for the 1998 FIFA World Cup, as well as eight others who did not.
Commentary.
The United Kingdom version of the game features commentary from John Motson and Chris Waddle, with matches introduced by the voice of Des Lynam and voice-overs in the team schedules from Gary Lineker.
Reception.
The game was a bestseller in the UK. The game received mostly positive reviews. PC Guide's July 1998 issue named "World Cup 98" as the winner of a group test involving other PC football games around at the same time, ahead of competitors such as "Actua Soccer 2", "Three Lions" and "Sensible Soccer 98". The magazine describes the game as "Simply the best football game in the world". MobyGames scores the game 3.9/5 whilst GameSpot awards the game 8.8/10.

</doc>
<doc id="5949554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949554" title="Dallas, Garland and Northeastern Railroad">
Dallas, Garland and Northeastern Railroad

The Dallas, Garland and Northeastern Railroad is a railroad headquartered in Richardson, Texas.
DGNO operates over rail lines totaling approximately , including industrial leads. The line extends from Trenton, Texas to Garland, Texas, then from Garland to Dallas via trackage rights over Kansas City Southern Railway and Union Pacific. DGNO also operates from Sherman to McKinney, from Carrollton to Murphy and from Dallas to Lake Dallas. Of the total trackage, approximately 51 miles are leased from Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART), and DGNO leases 129 miles from Union Pacific.
The company is a subsidiary of Genesee & Wyoming, having been acquired when Genesee & Wyoming purchased RailAmerica in 2012.
Most of the railroad's traffic comes from stone products, scrap metal and wood products. The DGNO hauled around 60,000 carloads in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5949564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949564" title="Roger Wheeler (businessman)">
Roger Wheeler (businessman)

Roger Wheeler (February 27, 1926 — May 27, 1981) was an American businessman, the former chairman of Telex Corp. and former owner of World Jai Alai. In 1981, he was murdered at age 55 in his car while preparing to leave Southern Hills Country Club in Tulsa, Oklahoma, following his weekly game of golf.
He was purportedly murdered for uncovering an embezzlement scheme that was going on at his business, World Jai Alai. After retiring from the FBI, H. Paul Rico took a job as head of security for World Jai Alai. He saw the perfect opportunity to set up his former confidential informants Whitey Bulger and Steve Flemmi in a skimming operation there. The Winter Hill Gang skimmed $10,000 per week from the parking lot operation at World Jai Alai. 
Upon discovering the thefts, Wheeler investigated; this created major problems for Bulger's group, and led to five or six murders, two of which remain unsolved. When a Bulger underling expressed relief that the emergency was finally over, Bulger replied: "No, it's not over … Roger Wheeler was a multi-millionaire … and he was connected. So dig in … because it's gonna go on for as long as it has to." 
On March 14, 2001, three members of the Winter Hill Gang — Whitey Bulger, Stephen Flemmi and Johnny Martorano — were indicted for Wheeler's murder, with two other alleged conspirators already dead. In a plea bargain, Martorano confessed to some 20 murders by the gang, including Wheeler's. He was given a 15-year sentence, but was released in 2007 after serving only six years. Flemmi also pleaded guilty to the murder of Wheeler and others and is serving a life sentence. Bulger became a fugitive and was on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list from August 19, 1999, until his capture on June 22, 2011. In 2003, retired FBI agent H. Paul Rico, the former head of security for World Jai Alai and an associate of Bulger's, was also indicted for Wheeler's murder. He pleaded not guilty and died of natural causes while in custody, before he could be tried.

</doc>
<doc id="5949570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949570" title="Apollo PRISM">
Apollo PRISM

PRISM (Parallel Reduced Instruction Set Machine) was Apollo Computer's high-performance CPU used in their DN10000 series workstations. It was for some time the fastest microprocessor available, a high fraction of a Cray-1 in a workstation. Hewlett Packard purchased Apollo in 1989, ending development of PRISM, although some of PRISM's ideas were later used in HP's own HP-PA Reduced instruction set computer (RISC) and Itanium processors.
PRISM was based on what would be known today as a VLIW-design, while most efforts of the era, 1988, were based on a more "pure" RISC approach. In early RISC designs, the core processor was simplified as much as possible in order to allow more of the chip's real-estate to be used for registers and simplifying the addition of instruction pipelines for improved performance.
Compilers.
The compilers used with the systems were expected to dedicate more time during compilation to making effective use of the registers and cleaning the instruction stream. By doing instruction scheduling in the compiler, this design avoided the problems and complexity of dynamic instruction scheduling (where instructions for multiple functional units must be selected carefully in order to avoid interdependencies between intermediate values) encountered in superscalar designs such as Digital Equipment Corporation's Alpha.
In some respects, the VLIW design can be thought of as "super-RISCy", as it offloads the instruction selection process to the compiler as well. In the VLIW design, the compiler examines the code and selects instructions that are known to be "safe", and then packages them into longer instruction words. For instance, for a CPU with two functional units, like the PRISM, the compiler would find pairs of safe instructions and stuff them into a single larger word. Inside the CPU, the instructions are simply split apart again, and fed into the selected units.
This design minimizes logical changes to the CPU as functional units are added, as the compiler is handling the instruction selection. However, this also ties the compiled code very tightly to the processor design; for instance, if a new generation of the CPU adds additional functional units, all programs running on it must be re-compiled so the compiler can re-arrange the instructions again, perhaps four-wide instead of two-wide. In comparison, a more traditional design like the PowerPC (PPC) has seen dramatic internal changes, yet code written for the first PPC's will still run without modification on the latest versions. The cost for this is an increasing amount of chip space that has to be dedicated to instruction scheduling.
The Apollo compilers were the first commercial compilers to use data-flow analysis and single static assignment techniques.
Architectural features.
PRISM was a "pure" 32-bit design, including thirty-two 32-bit integer and thirty-two 64-bit floating point registers (overlaid by sixty-four 32-bit registers). PRISM could dispatch a single integer or one integer and one floating point instruction per clock cycle. The floating-point instruction could, in turn, combine a floating-point add and multiply in a single instruction. The compiler attempted to always pair (or triple) instructions up to maintain full use of the internal units, but if it failed to find a safe pair it simply fed in a single integer instruction. PRISM was one of the first designs to include a multiply with add/subtract/truncate in a single (five operand) instruction, so it was often described as a three-issue CPU.
History.
The original PRISM design was introduced in 1988 in the one-to-four-CPU Apollo DN10000 workstations. The "DN" in the name refers to "Domain Node", Domain/OS being the Unix-like operating system used on all of Apollo's machines. Note that PRISM was a multi-chip CPU board, not a single microprocessor; this was fairly common for high-end CPUs at the time.
About 1000 DN10000's were sold.
PRISM II, running at twice the clock speed, was delayed by problems in fabing, and then eventually cancelled after the HP purchase. Nevertheless, several features of the PRISM design were put into later generations of the HP-PA architecture, and the two main proponents of the VLIW concept, Intel and HP, later collaborated on the Itanium.
The PRISM was generally the fastest CPU on the market during its short life-span. In comparison with common RISC designs of the era, the PRISM was effectively two CPUs in one, making it roughly double the performance of a RISC CPU running at the same clock speed.
Contemporary competitors.
Although the Intel i860 also used a VLIW (or properly LIW in both cases, as two is not "very" long), extracting performance from the i860 proved notoriously difficult, and in practice the PRISM was much faster.
Note that Digital Equipment Corporation also engineered a RISC chip, the DEC PRISM, during the same era, but that project was canceled in 1987, and never entered production.

</doc>
<doc id="5949572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949572" title="Neumarkt-Sankt Veit">
Neumarkt-Sankt Veit

Neumarkt-Sankt Veit is a municipality in the district of Mühldorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is located on the river Rott, 10 kilometers north of Mühldorf, and 33 kilometers southeast of Landshut.

</doc>
<doc id="5949581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949581" title="Villa Louis">
Villa Louis

The Villa Louis, also known as Dousman Mansion, is a National Historic Landmark located on St. Feriole Island, in Prairie du Chien, southwestern Wisconsin. The villa and estate are a historical museum operated by the Wisconsin Historical Society. The site has been restored to its appearance during the late 19th century, when it was the estate of the prominent H. Louis Dousman family.
History.
The site was inhabited by American Indian tribes, especially the Mound Builders, as is evidenced by the large mound upon which later structures at the site (Fort Shelby, Fort Crawford, and the homes of Hercules and of Louis Dousman) have all stood. In 1814, the Siege of Prairie du Chien was fought in the area by American and British troops hoping to control Fort Shelby during the War of 1812. Later the land was occupied by Fort Crawford.
After the Indians were removed from the area, the land was purchased by Hercules L. Dousman, who was a man of many trades: a fur trader, a lumberman, a land sculptor, and a frontier entrepreneur. In the mid-1840s, he began construction on the estate from which Villa Louis would be born. The location he chose was perfect due to its proximity to the Mississippi River. 
Later Dousman's son, Louis, established the present estate, at the center of which is an elegant Villa Louis mansion designed by E. Townsend Mix built in 1871 in the Victorian Italianate style. 
19th century.
The estate now known as Villa Louis began when Prairie du Chien trader and investor Hercules Dousman purchased land previously occupied by Fort Crawford. Dousman had the remains of the fort cleared away. In 1843, he built a large, brick Greek Revival house atop an Indian mound, which had been the site of the old fort's southeastern blockhouse. Because of this, Hercules Dousman's home has come to be called the "House on the Mound". This name was also used as the title of an August Derleth novel that featured Dousman as a principal character. Hercules Dousman lived in the House on the Mound until his death in 1868. At the time of his death, he was one of the wealthiest men in Wisconsin, and his fortune passed to his wife Jane and his son Louis. 
Upon coming into his father's estate, Louis decided to demolish the House on the Mound and replace it with a more contemporary Victorian Italianate style house that included modern indoor plumbing and central heating, both considered luxuries at the time. Louis Dousman contracted with Milwaukee architect E. Townsend Mix in 1870 to have the new house designed and built, and construction was finished in 1871. The new mansion was built with some parts of the old demolished one. The two-story Cream City brick house became the residence of Louis's mother, Jane, while Louis himself moved to Saint Paul, Minnesota not long after construction was finished.
In St. Paul, Louis married Nina Sturgis, and later the couple moved to St. Louis, Missouri, eventually having five children. However, following the death of his mother Jane Dousman in 1882, Louis made plans to return to Prairie du Chien and transform the family estate into a stock farm to breed Standardbred horses. Stables and paddocks were constructed on the estate, along with a half mile racetrack so Dousman could begin holding an annual carriage race on the property. Because the estate had an artesian well, Louis decided to call his new venture the "Artesian Stock Farm". In 1885, Louis moved back to the Prairie du Chien estate with his family. In the process, the 1871 mansion was substantially remodeled and the house was redecorated in the style of the British Arts and Crafts Movement. This remodel included not only the house, but also the adjacent office. The remodeling was done by a Chicago Designer from the William Morris Company of London.
Louis's plans for the estate came to an abrupt halt the following year, on his sudden death in January, 1886. He was 37 years old when he died, leaving behind a widow and five children. After Louis's death, the stock farm was disbanded and the horses sold, and Nina Dousman renamed the estate "Villa Louis" in memory of her late husband. Later, in 1888, Nina remarried and moved to New York City, leaving the estate vacant. Her new marriage did not last, and in 1893 she returned with the five Dousman children to the Midwest. Villa Louis was then used as the family's summer home into the early 20th century. Louis de Vierville Dousman, the only son of Louis and Nina, was the last family member to occupy the estate, leaving for Billings, Montana in 1913 with his wife Sarah Easton.
20th century.
Historic site and museums.
Although the Dousman family had left the Villa Louis estate by 1913, they continued to own the property. Over the following decades, they rented the mansion for use as a boarding school, among other things. In the 1930s, two of Louis Dousman's children, Violet and Virginia, began to restore the estate to its 19th-century appearance. They then transferred the property to the city of Prairie du Chien, so that the mansion could be operated as a historic house museum. In 1952, the site was acquired by the Wisconsin Historical Society, and became the organization's first historic site.
Since then, the Villa Louis historic site has expanded to encompass two other nearby National Historic Landmarks: the Brisbois House, and the Astor Fur Warehouse. The warehouse now functions as a museum of the fur trade, while the Brisbois house has remained closed to the public. The site also contains the Rolette House, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and numerous outbuildings constructed by the Dousmans as part of the Villa Louis estate. 
1990s restoration.
In the 1990s, the discovery of numerous photographs of Villa Louis from the late 19th century allowed the historical society to undertake a major restoration of the mansion and surrounding buildings. Using the collection of photographs and the estate's original furnishings, many of which were given to the site by the Dousman family heirs, the society was able to authentically restore the home to its appearance from 1893 to 1898. The use of photographs and original furniture to so accurately restore the home brought national attention to the site in 1999, including a feature article in "Victorian Decorating & Lifestyle" magazine and an exhibit at the New York School of Interior Design. 
The historical society hosts several events at Villa Louis, including a reenactment of the Battle of Prairie du Chien, and the Villa Louis Carriage Classic, a major carriage driving competition held each September.

</doc>
<doc id="5949582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949582" title="Engagement (disambiguation)">
Engagement (disambiguation)

Engagement may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5949603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949603" title="One Hand, One Heart (Debbie Gibson song)">
One Hand, One Heart (Debbie Gibson song)

"One Hand, One Heart" (Atlantic 87710; Atlantic Japan AMDY-5046) is the third single from the 1990 album "Anything Is Possible" (LP 82167) by American singer-songwriter-actress Deborah Gibson. Single-handedly written, arranged and produced by Gibson, this single, released for sale in the United States, Australia and Japan, is essentially performed as an art song, the only additional instrumentation being the background strings. On the charts, this art song did not perform substantially better than "(This So-Called) Miracle," failing to make any of the main singles charts.
Both songs written by Deborah Gibson - Music Sales Corp., ASCAP

</doc>
<doc id="5949604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949604" title="Turnaround (Stan Rogers album)">
Turnaround (Stan Rogers album)

Turnaround is a 1978 folk music album by Stan Rogers.
Track listing.
All songs written by Stan Rogers unless otherwise indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="5949614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949614" title="Neunburg vorm Wald">
Neunburg vorm Wald

Neunburg vorm Wald is a municipality in the district of Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 21 km east of Schwandorf on the river Schwarzach, a tributary of the Naab.

</doc>
<doc id="5949615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949615" title="Avocat">
Avocat


</doc>
<doc id="5949632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949632" title="Ross (play)">
Ross (play)

Ross is a 1960 play by British playwright Terence Rattigan.
It is a biographical play of T. E. Lawrence.
Plot synopsis.
The play is structured with a framing device set in 1922, when Lawrence was hiding under an assumed name as "Aircraftman Ross" in the Royal Air Force, and is being disciplined by his Flight Lieutenant for alleged misconduct. No one seems to be aware of his identity, except for a man named Dickinson, who had seen Lawrence at the Paris Peace Conference of 1919 and quickly attempts to blackmail Lawrence to keep his identity secret. Lawrence, however, refuses, and Dickinson decides to reveal his identity to the "Daily Mirror".
After Lawrence has a dream sequence, flashing back to the various figures in his life, the play then flashes back to mid-1916. Lawrence is being given an unofficial assignment as a liaison officer to the forces of the Arab Revolt, under Prince Feisal (who although he is frequently mentioned never appears as a character). Sir Ronald Storrs, the head of the Arab Bureau, tries to talk him out of the mission, as does Colonel Barrington, a bull-headed intelligence officer. Along with two Arab servants, Hamed and Rashid (similar to Lawrence's real-life companions Farraj and Daud), Lawrence enters the desert, revealing that he feels that the supreme being of the world is "the will", and he believes that he can achieve anything if he puts his mind to it.
Lawrence later meets with Auda ibu Tayi, leader of the Howeitat tribe of Bedouin, using flattery to convert him to the Arab cause (he has been paid off by the Turks to support them). Auda and Lawrence soon plan an expedition through the Nefud Desert to capture the Turkish-held port of Aqaba, which is weakly defended from the landward side. Along the way to Aqaba, however, he is forced to execute an Arab for murdering another in a feud.
Meanwhile, the Turkish military governor of Deraa and his subordinate, a Captain, watch with growing unease Lawrence's campaign against the Hejaz Railway, though they fail to ascertain the target of his campaign. The General decides to place a reward of ƒ20,000 on Lawrence for his capture, and these leads to a comic scene where the Captain arrives in Auda's camp to offer him the reward, and Lawrence is present. Unable to act despite recognising Lawrence, the Captain is forced to leave the camp. At the end of Act I, Lawrence arrives at an army outpost in the Sinai Peninsula and uses a telephone station (despite the protests of a British naval officer) to report the Arab capture of Aqaba.
Act II begins in the office of the new commander of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force, General Edmund Allenby, who is present with Storrs and Barrington. Allenby asks their opinions of Lawrence before Lawrence himself arrives. Storrs praises Lawrence, while Barrington finds him repugnant and undeserving of a position of responsibility. Allenby engages Lawrence in a brief discussion, which includes chat about archaeology, literature, and furniture, alternating with a serious discussion about the progress of the war. While Allenby wants Lawrence to be the permanent commander of the Arab liaison forces, Lawrence expresses the view that he is not up to the task, and that his conflict of conscience over aiding the Arabs while being aware of the Sykes-Picot Agreement to divide up the Ottoman Empire – although Allenby convinces him otherwise.
On a reconnaissance mission in Deraa, Lawrence speaks with Hamed, with whom he has grown close, as Rasheed, the other servant, died on the march to Aqaba. Hamed has tried to bribe more Arabs into joining the cause, but they have been frightened into refusing by the Turks. Lawrence is arrested by a Turkish army sergeant, believing him to be a Circassian army deserter. He is taken back to Turkish HQ, where on the orders of the General, he is beaten and then raped. This is a deliberate action by the General, who feels that Lawrence is too extraordinary an enemy to simply kill; he must destroy his will and his personality through such an act, thus revealing his weakness.
At the beginning of Act III, Allenby has just received word of the fall of Jerusalem and is posing for photographs for a journalist named Franks (a stand-in for Lowell Thomas), who requests an interview with Lawrence. During this scene Barrington (now a Brigadier General on Allenby's staff) asks Lawrence to deny that his men execute prisoners, although he is disgusted when Lawrence admits that he has. Allenby interrupts the conversation, and discusses Lawrence's request to be transferred from Arabia – a request Allenby turns down. Lawrence feels that he has learned "the truth" about himself, refusing to discuss his rape with Allenby. At this point, Storrs enters, informing Allenby that the British government wants him to enter Jerusalem in a triumph – and Allenby all but forces Lawrence to take part in the parade.
The last sequence occurs in September 1918, the last days of the war, after the Battle of Megiddo has smashed the Turkish armies and the road to Damascus is all but open. Speaking with an RAF officer, Flight Lieutenant Higgins, Lawrence recounts his own forces' hand in the operation, including the massacre of 4,000 Turks outside the Tafas village, in retaliation for their sack of the village. However, Higgins is more disturbed about Lawrence's execution of a wounded colleague – later revealed to be Hamed, Lawrence's servant.
Lawrence then meets with Auda, recounting the death of Hamed. Lawrence inadvertently reveals the British treachery towards the Arabs to Auda, although he then promises Auda that he will fight for the Arabs "to the limits of my strength". At this point Barrington arrives, and Auda expresses his admiration for Lawrence to him before exiting.
After Auda's departure, Barrington complains that the Arab forces occupying Deraa have committed atrocities against Turkish soldiers captured there and refuses to allow the Arabs to garrison the city. He also discusses the Tafas massacre with Lawrence, referring to him as a "callous, soulless, sadistic little brute", while Lawrence concedes that he is "lost to all human feeling". The play ends in 1922, with the RAF officers trying to smuggle Lawrence away from the barracks before the press, newly alerted to the identity of "Ross", can descend on them.

</doc>
<doc id="5949642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949642" title="Postmodern Culture">
Postmodern Culture

Postmodern Culture is an electronic academic journal established in 1990. It is the result of an early experiment in electronic content delivery via the Internet. The journal publishes commentary and criticism on a wide range of concerns including literary theory, politics, and contemporary society. Occasionally, the journal will feature special issues centered on a specific theme within the arena of postmodernism. It is published three times a year in September, January, and May by the Johns Hopkins University Press. The current editor is Eyal Amiran (University of California-Irvine).

</doc>
<doc id="5949647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949647" title="CompuCell3D">
CompuCell3D

CompuCell3D is a three-dimensional C++ software problem solving environment for simulations of biocomplexity problems, integrating multiple mathematical models. These include the Cellular Potts Model (CPM) which can model cell clustering, growth, division, death, adhesion, and volume and surface area constraints; as well as partial differential equation solvers for modeling reaction-diffusion of external chemical fields and cell type automata for differentiation. By integrating these models CompuCell3D enables modeling of cellular reactions to external chemical fields such as secretion or resorption, and responses such as chemotaxis and haptotaxis.
CompuCell3D is conducive for experimentation and testing biological models by providing a flexible and extensible package, with many different levels of control. High-level steering is possible through CompuCellPlayer, an interactive GUI built upon Qt threads which execute in parallel with the computational back end. Functionality such as zooming, rotation, playing and pausing simulations, setting colors and viewing cross sections is available through the player, with a sample screenshot shown below.
Extending the back end is possible through an XML-based domain-specific language Biologo, which after lexical analysis and generation transparently converts to C++ extensions which can be compiled and dynamically loaded at runtime. The back end uses object-oriented design patterns which contribute to extensibility, reducing coupling between independently operating modules. Optional functionality can be encapsulated through plugins, which are dynamically loaded at runtime through an XML configuration file reference.
CompuCell3D can model several different phenomena, including avian limb development, "in vitro" capillary development, adhesion-driven cell sorting, Dictyostelium discoideum, and fluid flows. The framework is accessible from the CompuCell3D Website

</doc>
<doc id="5949673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949673" title="Robert S. Granger">
Robert S. Granger

Robert Seaman Granger (May 24, 1816 – April 25, 1894) was a career officer in the United States Army, reaching the brevet rank of major general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Life and military career.
Granger was born in Zanesville, Ohio. He graduated from the United States Military Academy, placing 28th in the class of 1838. Granger became a first lieutenant of infantry in 1839. He served as an officer in the Seminole War, and was assistant instructor of tactics at West Point in 1843–44. During the Mexican-American War, Granger was promoted to captain on September 8, 1847. When the war ended, he was assigned to a series of posts on the Texas frontier. 
With the outbreak of the Civil War and the secession of Texas in early 1861, he was captured with Major Sibley's command on April 27. He was paroled with the stipulation that he not serve in the field again until August 1862, when he was formally exchanged. During this period, he was promoted to major on September 9, 1861, and organized an infantry brigade at Mansfield, Ohio. He was the commandant of the troops at Louisville, Kentucky.
On September 1, 1862, following his exchange, he was commissioned brigadier general of Kentucky volunteers, and commanded the Kentucky state troops. He saw action in a series of small engagements—Shepherdsville, Lebanon Junction, and Lawrenceburg, for which he was brevetted as a colonel in the Regular Army. He received his commission as brigadier general of U. S. volunteers on October 20, 1862, and commanded a division. In 1863, he returned to administrative duty, commanding the Districts of Nashville and Middle Tennessee. In early 1864, he superintended the defenses and organized the depot at Nashville. He was then assigned to the command of the District of Northern Alabama, and was engaged in the capture of General Roddy's camp, in the expulsion of Joseph Wheeler from middle Tennessee, and in the defense against Nathan Bedford Forrest's raid. In October 1864, he defended Decatur, Alabama against John B. Hood's army, made a sortie on the Confederate siege-works, and received the brevet of brigadier general in the Regular Army for these services. 
He commanded in northern Alabama in 1865 during the occupation. He was brevetted major general in the Regular Army for his services during the war and was promoted lieutenant colonel on June 12, 1865 and colonel on August 16, 1871. Granger was placed on the retired list January 1, 1873.
He died in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="5949680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949680" title="Confederação Brasileira de Jiu Jitsu Olímpico">
Confederação Brasileira de Jiu Jitsu Olímpico

Confederação Brasileira de Jiu Jitsu Olímpico (CBJJO) is the past governing body for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Brazil that hosted several popular international competitions. CBJJO means Brazilian Confederation of Olympic Jiu Jitsu in English.

</doc>
<doc id="5949691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949691" title="Hans Leonhard Schäufelein">
Hans Leonhard Schäufelein

Hans Leonhard Schäufelein (c. 1480–1540) was a German painter, designer, and wood engraver. 
He was born in Nuremberg, probably studied under Wohlgemut, and then became the assistant of Dürer, whom he imitated. In 1512 he went to Augsburg and in 1515 removed to Nordlingen. 
He is a graceful narrator, and his types, though rarely accurately drawn, are attractive, but he lacks power and depth. Characteristic early paintings are the altarpiece at Ober Sankt Veit near Vienna (1502), "Scenes from the Life of Christ" (Dresden Gallery), and "St. Jerome" (Germanisches Nationalmuseum, Nuremberg). 
To his Nordlingen period belong his masterpiece, the so-called "Ziegler Altar" for St. George's Church (1521), part of which is still in the church, part in the museum; "Scenes from the Story of Judith," in the town hall; and the illuminated Psalter for Count von Ottingen, now in the Berlin print room. His most important woodcuts are those for the "Theuerdank" of Emperor Maximilian. 
Schäufelein created a playing card deck about 1535, which is regarded as a highlight in German 16th century playing card production. 

</doc>
<doc id="5949695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949695" title="Sylvester Phelps Hodgdon">
Sylvester Phelps Hodgdon

Sylvester Phelps Hodgdon (1830–1906) was a prolific American painter.
Hodgdon lived in the Savin Hill section of Dorchester (part of Boston) and studied in the Boston area. He began as a portrait painter but by 1864 he was painting and exhibiting landscapes at The National Academy of Design. 
Hodgdon's work was also exhibited at the Boston Athenaeum and the Boston Art Club. He traveled throughout New England painting coastal scenes and landscapes. 
The Maine coast and the White Mountains of New Hampshire were two of his favorite subjects. Within the White Mountains, he preferred to paint in the region of Franconia Notch.

</doc>
<doc id="5949717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949717" title="One Step Ahead (Debbie Gibson song)">
One Step Ahead (Debbie Gibson song)

"One Step Ahead" (Atlantic 87677; Atlantic UK A7677; Atlantic Japan AMDY-5054) is the fourth single from the 1990 album "Anything Is Possible" (LP 82167) by American singer-songwriter-actress Deborah Gibson. The LP Version (4:52) was co-written with Lamont Dozier and co-produced with John "Jellybean" Benitez. This song was remixed for both the single and maxi single by "Little" Louie Vega and Kenny "Dope" Gonzales for Masters At Work Productions, Inc., rendering the Hot Radio Mix (4:18) for 87677, A7677 and AMDY-5054, and at least the Masters At Work Mix (5:50) for 86025.
Although this single failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, it scored on the Billboard Hot Maxi Singles and Hot Dance chart, peaking at #21 and #18 respectively.
Track listing (Atlantic DM 86025).
"One Step Ahead"
(Deborah Gibson/Lamont Dozier) Music Sales Corp., ASCAP/Beau-Di-O-Do Music/Warner Tamerlane Pub. Corp., BMI

</doc>
<doc id="5949719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949719" title="Leslie Perri">
Leslie Perri

Leslie Perri (died 1970) was the pen name of Doris Marie Claire "Doë" Baumgardt, an American science fiction fan, writer, and illustrator. She was a member of the Futurians, the influential science fiction fan club. Through her Futurian connections, she also edited minor romance fiction magazines. Baumgardt was married to two fellow science fiction writers and Futurians, first to Frederik Pohl, later to Richard Wilson. She was also married to Thomas Llewellyn Owens, an American painter. She had two children, Margot Owens, with Owens, and Richard David Wilson with Wilson. She became a reporter and journalist while married to Wilson. Wilson was, at the time, the bureau chief for the wire service Reuters in New York City. He left Reuters and went on to Syracuse University, where he founded a science fiction works collection said to be one of the most important in the world. Her grandson, Dirk Llewellyn van der Meulen, is named for "Dirk Wylie" (Harry Dockweiler) the science fiction poet and member of the Futurians.

</doc>
<doc id="5949720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949720" title="Freedom 100">
Freedom 100

The Freedom 100 is a Indy Lights Series auto race at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. It is currently held the Friday before the Indianapolis 500. It is the biggest race for the Indy Lights Series and often has higher participation than many of the series' other races.
The race also holds a similar time trial to that of the Indianapolis 500 in which qualifying times are determined by an average of two laps.
Race History.
For the first two years, the race was held during the second weekend of Indianapolis 500 Time Trials, scheduled for Saturday, which was, at the time, used only for Indy 500 practice. The date proved to be unpopular and saw small crowds. In 2005, Carb Day, the final day of practice for the Indy 500, was moved from Thursday before the Indy 500 to Friday. Series officials moved the Freedom 100 to Carb Day, immediately following the Indy 500 practice session. The move proved popular with fans and competitors.
In 2008, in the wake of the merger between IRL and Champ Car, the series was renamed from Indy Pro Series to the Firestone Indy Lights Series. The new sponsorship extended to this race, renaming it the Firestone Freedom 100. 
In the first nine runnings, the race was won 6 times from the pole and 3 times from second starting position. Therefore, the race had always been won from the front row until Esteban Guerrieri won in 2012 from the 18th starting position. In 2013, Peter Dempsey, who started third, won the Freedom 100 in the closest finish in Speedway history (0.0026 secs) in a four-wide finish over Gabby Chaves, Sage Karam, and Carlos Muñoz. Dempsey went from fourth to first on the final straightaway.
Drivers.
In the first eleven years that this race has been contested, 124 drivers have participated:
Freedom 100 and Indianapolis 500 "Double".
Since the Freedom 100 began in 2003, four different drivers have competed both in this race and in the Indianapolis 500, during the same month. 

</doc>
<doc id="5949725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949725" title="Mike McEwen (ice hockey)">
Mike McEwen (ice hockey)

Michael Todd McEwen (born August 10, 1956) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player. He was born in Hornepayne, Ontario.
An offensive-minded defenseman, McEwen was selected by the New York Rangers in the 1976 NHL Draft. His talents immediately paid dividends as he helped guide the Rangers to the finals in 1979. His tenure with the Rangers would not last long as he was traded to the Colorado Rockies in the giant trade that sent Barry Beck to New York.
His stay with the Rockies was short-lived as he would frequently clash with head coach Don Cherry, and he was eventually traded to the New York Islanders in the deal that sent Steve Tambellini and Chico Resch to the Rockies. The trade would soon payoff for the Islanders as his offensive talents helped them in three of their Stanley Cup championships 1981, 1982, 1983.
McEwen would also play for the Los Angeles Kings, Washington Capitals. Detroit Red Wings and Hartford Whalers before his NHL career ended following the 1987–88 season.
McEwen was the first coach of the Oklahoma City Blazers. He coached the Oklahoma City Blazers to three consecutive playoff appearances in 1992-93, 1993–94, and 1994–95.
McEwen currently resides in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. He is involved in daily operations of Kids First Hockey a program designed to open hockey up to youth of all ages. He also serves as head coach of the Midget AA Travel Hockey team, the Oil Kings.
Legacy.
In the book "100 Ranger Greats" (John Wiley & Sons, 2009) by Russ Cohen, John Halligan and Adam Raider, the authors ranked McEwen No. 98 on the all-time list of New York Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="5949726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949726" title="Amin Ahsan Islahi">
Amin Ahsan Islahi

Imam Amin Ahsan Islahi (1904–1997) was a Pakistani Muslim scholar, famous for his Urdu exegeses of Quran, Tadabbur-i-Qur’an—an exegesis that he based on Hamiduddin Farahi's (1863–1930) idea of thematic and structural coherence in the Qur'an.
Early life.
Imam Islahi was born in 1904 at Bamhur, a small village in Azamgarh, United Provinces (now Uttar Pradesh), British India (now India). After graduating from Madrasah al-Islah in Azamgarh in 1922, he entered the field of journalism. First he worked as an associated editor in "Khoonch" a children magazine. Then he edited a newspaper "Madinah" at Bijnawr and also remained associated with "Sach", a newspaper taken out by Abdul Majid Daryabadi.
Inspiration from Hamiduddin Farahi.
It was sometime in 1925 when Farahi offered Imam Islahi to come and study the Qur’an with him. Imam Islahi abandoned his journalistic career to benefit from this opportunity. It was in this forming period of his life in which he learnt from Farahi the principles of direct deliberation on the Book of Allah. During this time, he also taught the Qur’an and Arabic literature at the Madrasah. 
After Farahi’s death, Imam Islahi studied Hadith from a celebrated scholar of this discipline, Abdu’l Rahman Muhaddith Mubarakpuri. In 1936, Imam Islahi founded the "Daira-i-Hamidiyyah", a small institute to disseminate the Qur’anic thought of Farahi. Under the auspices of this institute, he brought out a monthly journal "Al-Islah" in which he translated many portions of Farahi’s treatises written in Arabic. The journal was published till 1939, after which it was discontinued.
Association with Jamaat-e-Islami.
Imam Islahi was among the founder members of the Jamaat-e-Islami, a religious party founded by the eminent Islamic scholar Mawdudi in 1941. During his seventeen-year stay in the party, he represented the intellectual element and remained a member of the central governing body, "Majlis-i-Shura". During this period, he did the groundwork needed to write a commentary of the Qur’an – an objective which he had set before him early in life. In 1956, when the Government of Pakistan set up the Islamic Law Commission, Imam Islahi - also an eminent expert on Islamic law - served as a member until the commission was abolished in 1958 by the martial law regime of General Ayub Khan. In 1958, he abandoned the party after serious differences arose between him and Mawdudi on the nature of the constitution of the party.
Completion of Tadabbur-i-Qur’an.
After leaving the Jamaat-e-Islami, he finally got the chance to achieve his goal of writing a commentary of the Qur’an. He also launched a monthly journal "Mithaq" in which portions of this commentary, Tadabbur-i-Qur’an were published. In 1961, he established a small study circle "Halqa-i-Tadabbur-i- Qur’an" for college students to whom he taught Arabic language and literature, the Qur’an and Sahih Muslim. In 1965, a tragic incident brought an end to the journal as well as to the study circle: Imam Islahi’s eldest son Abu Saleh died in a plane crash. However, work on the commentary continued. In 1970-71, Imam Islahi fell severely ill and had to discontinue all his intellectual pursuits. Later, he recovered quite miraculously. In 1972, he shifted to a countryside village near Sheikhupura, where he continued to work on the commentary till 1979, when he shifted back to Lahore. It was on the 29th of Ramadan 1400/August 12, 1980 that he finished his work on Tadabbur-i-Qur’an that took twenty-two years to complete. 
In 1981 Imam Islahi founded the "Idara-i-Tadabbur-i Qur’an-o Hadith", and appointed his close pupil Khalid Masud as first Nazam of the Idara. Now it is working under the supervision of Abdullah Ghulam Ahmed in Lahore Pakistan. It remained the centre of all his intellectual activities until his death (15 December 1997). A quarterly journal Tadabbur was taken out in 1981 as its organ. Khalid Masud was appointed its first editor and in charge till his death in Oct 2003. He gave weekly lectures on the text of the Qur’an. Later, he took up deep study on the principles of Hadith and began teaching the Al-Muwatta of Imam Malik in weekly sittings to a close circle of students and associates. After completing Al-Muwatta, he also taught some portions of Imam Bukhari’s Sahih Bukhari. Many of these lectures have been transcribed and published in the Tadabbur. Khalid Masud played a major role in coverting his speeches and lectures into publication for benefits of the islamic scolars and public.
Works.
Besides Tadabbur-i-Qur’an,Complete Text of Tadabbur-i-Quran Imam Islahi has written a number of articles and authored a number of books on various topics of Islam, which includes:
Imam Islahi also translated Farahi’s commentary consisting of fourteen Surahs of the Qur’an, as well as his following books from Arabic: 
Legacy.
Some of the notable students in Pakistan are Khalid Masud, Javed Ahmad Ghamidi [http://al-mawrid.org/pages/research_detail.php?research_id=5], Mahbub Subhani, Mahmud Ahmad Lodhi, Majid Khawar, Abdullah Ghulam Ahmad, Saeed Ahmad and Muhammad Da'ud.
After his death Janab Khalid Masud was made responsible for his school of thought as his successor. Being in charge of Idara Taddabur e Quran o Hadith, Janab Khalid Masud made a remarkable job in converting and presenting Imam Islahi's school of thought to general public.

</doc>
<doc id="5949730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949730" title="Froude">
Froude

Froude may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5949732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949732" title="Virtual Places Chat">
Virtual Places Chat

Virtual Places Chat is software that uses the paradigm that any web page on the Internet is a chat room – a Virtual Place – if one or more people are viewing the page with the VPchat program. A web browser is an integral part of VPchat. Below the browser window there is a chat pane in which the conversation text is displayed. Below the chat pane is a box for entering text for the conversation. To the right of the browser window is a list of people in the room. In their haste to make money, they separated hundreds of friends who would not pay for chat.
History.
Virtual Places Chat software was developed by an Israeli company, Ubique, in the mid 1990s. Early customers for VPchat included AOL and Excite. The chat software was very popular with both services, though eventually AOL abandoned it in favor of other chat programs. A likely factor in this decision was the problem of controlling the content of avatars, which can be a problem for a family oriented service. The service remained highly popular at Excite and drew at its peak tens of thousands of concurrent chatters.
When Excite (later merged with @Home to become Excite@Home) crashed at the end of the dot com boom, a group of former Excite employees acquired the rights to use the software and launched vpchat.com. They envisioned a service they built upon the strengths of VP chat – the virtual places web page paradigm, avatars, tours, and games – while addressing the community management problems associated with chat services that were compounded by the unrestricted graphics used in avatars. Their solution also addressed another problem with chat services – how to make it into a profitable business.
Other smaller groups of regular chatters elected instead to code a replacement for The VP Server and run alternative free servers. These became popular in short bursts.
In 1995 AOL acquired Ubique, which was described by AOL as a client-server software architecture allowing people to virtually meet and interact.
In 1998 IBM acquired Ubique from AOL and from Ubique's founders; Virtual Places presence and instant messaging components became part of Sametime technology, an IBM solution for corporate communication and collaboration.
Technical details.
The VPchat protocol uses a TCP connection to the server on port 1533. To help circumvent problems if this port is not open in a firewall, FTP port 21 can be used instead. This is a per-client option.
There is also a separate buddy list/instant messenger client which can be used as a stand alone client or in conjunction with the chat client. There is a button in the chat client for launching the buddy list so it appears to be a sub window of the client, however it can remain running after the chat client closes and the user is connected to the chat server a second time through the buddy list.
Originally the buddy list was designed as a separate system, not necessarily related to chat rooms. Users signed into the buddy list using an email address and password. As the clients are used now at vpchat.com, the fact that the user is signed in twice is somewhat hidden. The system creates the buddy list name automatically by appending “@buddy” to the user’s chat name and they share the same password. This dual login works well to allow the buddy list to exist with or without the chat client.
The buddy list client also supports a multi-user chat conference, similar to a chat room but without avatars. People participate in the conferences by invitation from the person who opens the conference. The rooms do not have names that appear in the public chat room list so uninvited users cannot find them and enter.
The chat protocol is proprietary, although Ubique at one time documented a subset and offered it as an Internet standard for buddy list and instant messaging. It was not adopted as a standard. In the late 90s, Ubique was purchased by the Lotus division of IBM, and a second generation protocol was developed which is now in use by the Lotus Sametime instant messenger.
A major feature of the protocol is efficient support for relatively slow speed connections, e.g. dial-up. There is very low overhead associated with chat traffic. The avatars, up to 16K bytes each, are a potential source of performance problems. When a chatter first enters a room, which may contain many other chatters, he is sent all their avatars. This can be a major source of “lag,” which is addressed by sending the avatars asynchronous to the conversation text. A chatter will begin seeing the room conversation immediately, and he can participate in the conversation before any avatars are loaded. While avatars are loading the chatter will see “hour glass” graphics in place of peoples’ avatars. As the avatars are downloaded, interleaved with conversation, one by one the hour glasses convert to individual pictures. On a slow connection this can take a while, but with a fast connection it is barely noticeable.
Each chat connection from client to server is a persistent connection. The TCP socket remains open for the duration of the chat session. This greatly assists with implementing the idea of “presence” in the community, as the server knows who is connected and where they are chatting at all times. A downside of persistent connections is the proliferation of server side connections as the number of chatters grows. Many chat systems deal with scale of connections by using non-persistent UDP based connections, at the expense of accurate, up-to-date presence information for all the chatters. The VPchat server deals with this by using a two layered system.
The developers observed that a large amount of processing overhead is consumed by the server managing all the connections, at the socket level. A layer of one or more multiplexors (muxes) is implemented, each of which does little more than manage a large group (several thousand per mux) of TCP sockets. The muxes make a periodic pass through all the sockets and gather all the incoming messages into a large bundle, or meta message, which is passed to the chat server. The server gathers the incoming bundles, breaks them apart and analyzes them, then builds new outgoing bundles which it sends to the muxes. The muxes then take care of distributing the individual messages out through the client connections. In this architecture the server only has one TCP socket per mux, which is orders of magnitude (e.g. 10,000 to 1) less than the client connections. Thus a single server can easily scale up to a large number of client connections. New muxes can be added as needed. Given the performance of CPU technology of the late 90s, Excite and Ubique estimated that a single VP server could manage a community up to about 100,000 chatters. In buddy list/messenger applications, in which the level of traffic per user is much less than for chat rooms, the server handles hundreds of thousands of simultaneous users.
However to scale up to millions of users, as handled by chat systems such as Yahoo, MSN, or AOL, the single central server would have been a limitation. The Ubique and Excite developers were working on a multi-server enhancement to handle larger traffic, but the demise of Excite and the purchase of Ubique ended that effort. The Ubique engineers continued their efforts with Sametime, which now supports multiple central servers. For the much smaller level of traffic seen at vpchat.com, the single server technology is not an issue.
To ease the load on the central server, many auxiliary services are offloaded to specialized servers which can run on separate machines. For example, the user name and password authentication at login is offloaded to a server which works with a SQL database. The conversations of logged in chatters are not slowed while new chatters are authenticated. Also, management of presence – who is in which room – is maintained in a separate server, and searching for a user by name is offloaded to yet another server. There are also separate servers for managing buddy lists, game and tournament scoring, managing the chat auditoriums, and for miscellaneous statistics gathering.
The data management aspects of the chat service are handled with an SQL database. Individual chatters have a chat name and password. Optionally they can have profile information which is saved on the server. Avatars and buddy lists are saved on the client side, and uploaded to a cache on the server when a chatter sign in. This works well for scaling up the size of the system, but is a drawback when a chatter uses different computers as his avatars and buddy lists are not readily available.
The SQL database is also used for managing customer accounts. Users may purchase accounts that can have 2, 5, or 10 chat names associated with them. Any or all of the names can be used at the same time, for example family or friends can share an account. One person is responsible, however, for paying the monthly subscription fee.
The database assists community management by keeping track of privileges, penalties and warnings. Selected users can be given server privileges which include the ability to eject someone temporarily from a chat room, to “gag” the person for a period of time (i.e. prevent anything they type from being shown in the chat room), to prevent them from using an offensive avatar (i.e. their avatar is forced to an avatar of a baghead), or to eject them from the community entirely. Short of applying one of these penalties, a privileged user may officially “warn” another user about behavior. The use of penalties and warnings (who gave them out and who received them) is recorded so that the community managers can track behavior of troublemakers and also detect abuse of privileges. The system also lets individual users “ignore” the behavior of another user. The avatar and conversation from an ignored user cannot be seen by the ignoring user.
In addition to the chat, instant message, buddy list, avatar, tour, game, and auditorium features of VP chat, users can also share files and engage in voice chat with each other. Files smaller than 64K bytes are shared through the TCP server connections, but larger files and voice connections are implemented as peer-to-peer messages between clients.

</doc>
<doc id="5949758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949758" title="Land mine situation in Nagorno-Karabakh">
Land mine situation in Nagorno-Karabakh

The region of Nagorno-Karabakh is considered to be one of the most heavily mined regions of the former Soviet Union. Mines were laid from 1991-1994 by both Azerbaijani and Armenian forces during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
The United Nations and the U.S. had estimated the number of mines in Nagorno-Karabakh at 100,000, but after its 1998 assessment mission, the UN Mine Action Service concluded that the mine problem was not nearly as bad as original estimates portrayed.
Production, stockpiling and use.
Nagorno-Karabakh has stated that it has never produced or exported mines, and has not purchased new mines since 1995; its mine stockpile consists of mines left over from the former Soviet Union (PMN, PMN-2, POMZ-2, OZM-72, TM-57 and TM-62 mines). There were no official reports of new mine use in Nagorno-Karabakh in 2004 or the first half of 2005.
Victims.
It is impossible to give the exact number of people injured or killed in Nagorno Karabakh on landmines because of lack of any records during the war itself, as well as no complete information available up until 2000. According to the Nagorno-Karabakh Ministry of Health, between June 1993 and May 1999 the number of victims of explosions, including landmines, was 687 (180 killed and 507 injured). [http://www.icbl.org/lm/2005/nagorno_karabakh.html#fn31]
Since the cease-fire in 1994 to the end of 2004, 326 mine/UXO casualties were reported, including at least 77 people injured since 2000.
An estimated 69,000 residents in 60 villages in Armenia are afflicted by the problem.
ICBL perspective.
According to Landmine Monitor in 2003, twenty-one new mine and UXO casualties were recorded in Nagorno-Karabakh, including nine people killed and twelve people injured.Casualties increased significantly in the first six months of 2004, with thirty new mine/UXO casualties recorded; eleven people were killed and nineteen injured, including three children. New landmine and UXO casualties had been decreasing since the ceasefire in 1994. In 1995, there were eighty-six casualties, sixty-four in 1996, twenty-five in 1997, sixteen in 1998, and thirty in 1999.[19 There were fourteen casualties (five killed and nine injured) in 2000, nineteen casualties (four killed and fifteen injured) in 2001, and seventeen casualties (all injured) in 2002. According to HALO, the increasing casualty numbers are the result of record harvests produced in recent years and a greater investment in agriculture. As farmers try to increase their agricultural boundaries, more suspected mined areas are being ploughed—despite advice from HALO and the government, and the presence of danger mine signs. Most incidents involve antivehicle mines. The number of annual incidents per capita in Nagorno-Karabakh is far higher than other heavily mine-affected countries such as Cambodia or Afghanistan. The thirty new casualties in 2004 represent 2.5 people for every 10,000 inhabitants.
In 2004, thirty-four new mine/UXO casualties, including ten people killed and twenty-four injured, were reported in twenty-five incidents; another nine people were involved in the incidents but did not suffer physical injuries.At least three of the casualties were children. This represents a further significant increase from the twenty-one new mine/UXO casualties recorded in 2003. Of the twenty-five incidents in 2004, fourteen were caused by antivehicle mines, seven by antipersonnel mines and four by UXO. In 2004, one deminer was injured during mine clearance operations. [http://www.icbl.org/lm/2004/nagorno-karabakh.html#fn9466
In 2005, one person was killed and three people were injured in five mine/UXO incidents to June; one other person did not suffer physical injuries.
UN perspective.
The United Nations Development Program (UNDP) says 123 people have been killed and over 300 injured by landmines near the disputed enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh since a 1994 truce ended a six-year conflict between ethnic Armenian and Azerbaijani forces.[http://www.rferl.org/featuresarticle/2005/12/2ddee253-7702-4739-adf4-69437770a55c.html]
Survey and clearance.
Survey.
The HALO Trust is the only agency that conducts minefield survey, mapping and marking of Nagorno-Karabakh. Since 2000, HALO has surveyed more than 10 square kilometers of land, and this survey was ongoing in 2005. HALO reports that it marks all the suspect areas it surveys with “Danger Mines!” signs. Post-clearance survey is carried out on a case study basis on some sites, as most areas are handed over and used almost immediately after they have been cleared.
There is no information on the number of mines laid along the current border-line between Karabakh and Azerbaijan, but it is common knowledge that mines were being laid by both sides along the border during several years after the end of the conflict. It is estimated that far greater mine clearance capacities will be required when the peace agreement is signed between Azerbaijan and Nagorno-Karabakh.
Clearance.
The Karabakhi Army has an engineering battalion that is involved in the clearance of minefields of strategic importance.
The HALO Trust - UK based demining NGO, is the only other organisation conducting demining in Nagorno Karabakh. In 1995 and 1996 HALO conducted an 18-month long programme in Karabakh that established a mine clearance capacity for the local authorities. This included a survey of the region and the equipping and training of deminers. The teams operated without assistance for three years and whilst they successfully cleared hundreds of mines, their equipment had degraded and accurate records of clearance had not been kept for some time.
HALO resumed mine clearance in Karabakh in 2000 with a view to reinforcing capacity through a project of re-equipment, providing additional training and by establishing a mine action centre (MAC). The MAC collates information concerning mines, UXO and safe routes, and disseminates it to all who require it, in particular other NGOs and international humanitarian bodies operating in Karabakh. [http://www.halotrust.org/nagornokarabakh.html] Mine clearance in Karabakh by the HALO Trust continues to the present day. According to the Landmine Monitor, in 2004 the HALO Trust cleared 3.6 square kilometers of affected land through manual and mechanical demining, and a further 450,000 square meters in 2005 through April. It concentrated clearance on farmland, and re-focused mine risk education on adults, in view of mine casualties rising as agricultural production increased. By the end of 2004, ICRC had provided safe play areas for children in 27 villages.
From 2000 to 2003, HALO cleared 2,691,097 square meters of affected land manually, cleared 45,414,190 square meters by battle area clearance, surveyed 7,767,500 square meters, and destroyed 2,167 antipersonnel mines, 977 anti-vehicle mines and 8,710 items of UXO.
In 2004, HALO cleared 3,580,289 square meters of affected land through manual and mechanical demining, destroying in the process 675 antipersonnel mines, 340 anti vehicle mines, 2,040 UXO, 2,352 items of stray ammunition and a large quantity of small arms ammunition. Types of land cleared were primarily agricultural (1,519,953 square meters), access routes (1,003,537 square meters), major infrastructure (139,415 square meters), community infrastructure (33,900 square meters) and other (883,484 square meters). This represents an increase on 2003, when HALO cleared 2,302,761 square meters.
As of 2011, most of the money to pay for HALO's Karabakh project came from the United States government. 
In 2004, the Engineering Service of the Army and the Department of Emergency Situations destroyed 48 antipersonnel landmines, 37 anti-vehicle land mines, 447 UXO and 5,141 items of small caliber explosive ordnance.
Unexploded ordnance (UXO).
In addition to landmines, unexploded ordnance is as great a problem in Nagorno Karabakh. It is estimated that more people (especially children) have accidents from UXO than mines.

</doc>
<doc id="5949767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949767" title="In His Mind">
In His Mind

"In His Mind" (Atlantic Japan / Warner-Pioneer #AMDY-5076) is the fifth and final single from Debbie Gibson's 1990 album "Anything Is Possible". It was released as a single exclusively in Japan in 1992.
Both songs written by Deborah Gibson - Music Sales Corp., ASCAP

</doc>
<doc id="5949785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949785" title="Law of three stages">
Law of three stages

The Law of Three Stages is an idea developed by Auguste Comte in his work "The Course in Positive Philosophy". It states that society as a whole, and each particular science, develops through three mentally conceived stages: (1) the theological stage, (2) the metaphysical stage, and (3) the positive stage.
The progression of the three stages of Sociology by Jayson Mateo Iglesia.
(1) The Theological stage refers to explanation by personified deities. During the earlier stages, people believe that all the phenomena of nature are the creation of the divine or supernatural. Men and children failed to discover the natural causes of various phenomena and hence attributed them to supernatural or divine power. Comte broke this stage into 3 sub-stages:
(2) The Metaphysical stage is the extension of the theological stage. Metaphysical stage refers to explanation by impersonal abstract concepts. People often tried to believe that God is an abstract being. They believe that an abstract power or force guides and determines events in the world. Metaphysical thinking discards belief in a concrete God. The nature of inquiry was legal and rational in nature. For example: In Classical Hindu Indian society the principle of the transmigration of the soul, the conception of rebirth, notions of pursuant were largely governed by metaphysical uphill.
(3) The Positivity stage, also known as the scientific stage, refers to scientific explanation based on observation, experiment, and comparison. Positive explanations rely upon a distinct method, the scientific method, for their justification. During this stage, humans tried to establish cause and effect relationships. Positivism is a purely intellectual way of looking at the world; as well, it emphasizes observation and classification of data and facts.
Comte, however, was conscious of the fact that the three stages of thinking may or do exist in the same society or in the same mind and may not always be successive.
Comte proposed a hierarchy of the sciences based on historical sequence, with areas of knowledge passing through these stages in order of complexity. The simplest and most remote areas of knowledge — mechanical or physical — are the first to become scientific. These are followed by the more complex sciences, those considered closest to us.
The sciences, then, according to Comte's "law", developed in this order: Mathematics; Astronomy; Physics; Chemistry; Biology; Psychology; Sociology. A science "of society" is thus the "Queen science" in Comte's hierarchy as it would be the most fundamentally complex. Through social science, Comte believed all human social ills could be remedied.
Critiques of the law.
William Whewell wrote "Mr. Comte's arrangement of the progress of science as successively metaphysical and positive, is contrary to history in fact, and contrary to sound philosophy in principle." The historian of science H. Floris Cohen has made a significant effort to draw the modern eye towards this first debate on the foundations of positivism.
In contrast, within an entry dated early October 1838 Charles Darwin wrote in one of his then private notebooks that "M. Comte's idea of a theological state of science a grand idea."

</doc>
<doc id="5949817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949817" title="Dih Bala District">
Dih Bala District

Dih Bala (Persian: ده بالا) is a district in the south of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, bordering on Pakistan. Its population, which is 100% Pashtun, was estimated at 50,595 in 2002, of whom 20,200 were children under 12. The district centre is Deh Bala.
Dih bala is home to the Shinwari tribe, one of the largest Pashtun tribes. It was a stronghold of the Mujaheddin during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
Shinwari-tribe.
The Shinwaris are derived from the Kasi tribe, and are further distributed into sub-tribes:

</doc>
<doc id="5949820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949820" title="Perspective Magazine">
Perspective Magazine

Perspective is the journal of the Royal Society of Ulster Architects. Published bi-monthly, it features reviews of recently completed buildings in Northern Ireland, together with book reviews and local arts updates.
Its content is controlled by an editorial committee dominated by members of the RSUA Council, the central governing body of the Society.
It is published by the Ulster Tatler Group.

</doc>
<doc id="5949821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949821" title="Greg Butler">
Greg Butler

Gregory Edward "Greg" Butler (born March 11, 1966), is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the New York Knicks in the 2nd round (37th overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft. A 6'11" center from Stanford University, Butler played in 3 NBA seasons from 1988-1991. He played for the Knicks and Los Angeles Clippers.
In his NBA career, Butler played in 55 games and scored a total of 76 points.
He later played in Portugal for Ovarense Aerosoles.
Butler's older brother, Dave, played for Stanford's rival, California, and later played professionally in Turkey and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5949834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949834" title="On Christmas Night">
On Christmas Night

On Christmas Night, an album by Cherish the Ladies, was released in 2004 on the Rounder Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="5949847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949847" title="Nadine Chandrawinata">
Nadine Chandrawinata

Nadine Chandrawinata (born May 8, 1984) was Puteri Indonesia (Miss Indonesia Universe) or literally Princess Of Indonesia 2005, and a delegate representing Indonesia in the 2006 Miss Universe Pageant. She was the second Miss Indonesia Universe to participate in the pageant (preceded by Artika Sari Devi) after a long hiatus in 1996. Her father is Javanese and her mother is German. She has two siblings, twins Marcel and Mischa, who are also models and actors. She measures 175 cm (5 feet 9 inches) in height and 60 kg (122 lb) in weight.
Mixed reactions.
Many doubted her public speaking ability since she stuttered a lot during interviews. She has also repeatedly used incorrect words from time to time. Her English is limited, which was made obvious in an interview published in the Miss Universe 2006 website. For subsequent question and answer sessions, she used a translator.
She was born in Hannover, Germany and her family relocated to Jakarta when she was 3 years old. She is pursuing her studies at the London School of Public Relations in Jakarta.
Controversy.
On July 19, 2006, Nadine was reported to the police by the Islamic Front Defenders (Front Pembela Islam) for her involvement in the 2006 Miss Universe Pageant. She was accused of breaking the Code of Law 281, edict number 02/U/1984, regarding Cultural and Educational conduct. Indonesian law forbids any kind of involvement in beauty pageants and considers such to be indecency. Nadine was one of several people who were reported for this misdemeanor, and others included Miss Indonesia 2004 Artika Sari Devi and the Miss Indonesia Foundation. The issue, however, seemed to have fizzled out over time and nothing ever came of it. According to a Miss Universe 2006 interview, she considers Mother Teresa her idol and wants to work for UNICEF in the future. Despite all the controversy, she attained runner-up position for National Costume thanks to Anne Avantie, who designed kebaya Kencono Wungu. And because of her warm personality, she also reached runner-up for Miss Congeniality.
Career.
She starred in an Indonesian drama movie, Reality, Love, and Rock'n Roll, with fellow actor Herjunot Ali, who happens to be Agni Pratistha's boyfriend. She was an F1 ambassador for the 2006 Petronas Malaysian F1 Grand Prix. She is also a commercial star of Kiranti.
Tourism Ambassador.
In July 14, 2011 Nadine Chandrawinata was promoted as Keke Bainena Mamuju (Miss Mamuju) for promoting Mamuju Regency Tourism Industry. She was chosen because of her integrity, and the fact that there were no negative issues during her run as Miss Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="5949853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949853" title="John C. G. Röhl">
John C. G. Röhl

John C. G. Röhl (born 31 May 1938) is a British historian.
Early life.
John Röhl was born in London in 1938 to a German father and an English mother, and grew up bilingual. 
Education.
Röhl spent the early years of his schooling in Germany, Hungary and Switzerland, then returned to England for his secondary education at Stretford Grammar School, in the town of Stretford (at the time in Lancashire, and since 1974 within the newly-created Metropolitan Borough of Trafford in Greater Manchester), where he studied Economics, Geography and History at A Level, followed by National Service, after which he resumed his education by going up to Corpus Christi College at the University of Cambridge, where he read Ancient History and the History of Europe and of Britain in the Middle Ages, and a range of other historical subjects. When the German historian Hans Herzfeld visited the University in 1962, the first such visit of an historian from Germany since the Second World War, there were no German specialists at Cambridge, requiring Röhl to become his interpreter and guide. He obtained a First in both parts of the Historical Tripos at Corpus Christi, and went on to complete his Ph.D. under the guidance of F. H. Hinsley in 1965.
Life and career.
Röhl lectured at Cambridge from 1964 to 1972. He later became Reader and in 1979 Professor of European History at the University of Sussex in Brighton. From 1970 to 1983 he worked on the history commission of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences and Humanities, and was dean at the School of European Studies from 1982 to 1985. Aside from his English professorship, he frequently took on substitute professorial roles in Germany. He was given emeritus status in 1999.
Works.
Röhl is considered one of the foremost experts and critics of the Wilhelmine German Empire under Kaiser William II, in particular following his three-volume biography of the final German Kaiser. In this biography, Röhl developed the theory of William II's 'personal rule', which included ascribing him the main responsibility for the outbreak of the First World War, and levelling strong moral accusations against him (albeit in a strictly scholarly fashion). These theories led to a paradigm shift in German historiography, in which until the 1970s/1980s the Kaiser had been a neglected figure, largely perceived as a 'weak ruler' with little political influence. More recently, however, Röhl's theories have come under increasing criticism, led by the Australian historian Christopher Clark.

</doc>
<doc id="5949869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949869" title="Post-Mersh Vol. 1">
Post-Mersh Vol. 1

Post-Mersh, Vol. 1 is a compilation album by influential punk rock/alternative trio The Minutemen. It contains both "The Punch Line" (1981) and "What Makes a Man Start Fires?" (1983) respectively. These two releases are considered the first two "full length" albums recorded by the band.
Track listing.
"Tracks 1-18 are The Punch Line"
<br>"Tracks 19-36 are What Makes a Man Start Fires?"

</doc>
<doc id="5949876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949876" title="Carnival of Souls (disambiguation)">
Carnival of Souls (disambiguation)

Carnival of Souls is a 1962 horror film.
Carnival of Souls may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5949878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949878" title="The Magic of Herself the Elf">
The Magic of Herself the Elf

 
The Magic of Herself the Elf (also known by its on-screen title, The Special Magic of Herself the Elf) is a 1983 animated television special produced by the Canadian animation company, Nelvana Limited. Directed by John Celestri (credited under first name Gian) and Raymond Jafelice, it stars the voices of Jerry Orbach, Georgia Engel and Priscilla Lopez. The music was sung and performed, though not written, by Judy Collins.
The special is based on the American Greetings/Mattel property, Herself the Elf, and was followed by a 1990s spinoff series of the same name starring Terri Hawkes. It was released once on video by Scholastic/Lorimar (later Karl-Lorimar).

</doc>
<doc id="5949883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949883" title="Kevin Peterson">
Kevin Peterson

Kevin Peterson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5949903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949903" title="Belen High School (Belen, New Mexico)">
Belen High School (Belen, New Mexico)

Belen High School (BHS) is a high school (grades 9 - 12) in Valencia County, Belen, New Mexico, USA. It was the first public high school in Valencia County.
Sports.
Belen High school's sports teams are both successful on and off the field. Nicknamed The Eagles, the school fields teams in American football, volleyball, soccer and cross country in the fall. In the winter, basketball and wrestling are offered. Spring sports include baseball/softball, golf, tennis and track and field. Year round there is the cheer leading team.
BHS has won awards and championships in a variety of sports and other activities. 
The wrestling team won six straight Class 4A team championships, 2003-2008.
In November 2007, a girls' cross country team comprising only underclassmen won the Class 4A state team title, the first team championship for BHS in that sport.Also the boys cross country team won back to back district champion in 2011&2012. Belen boys took 3rd place in the Class 4A state championship in 2012
In spring 2008, the softball team won only its second district title in 13 seasons, going 13-2 in District 5-4A games. The baseball team was second in 5-4A and reached the Class 4A state quarterfinals. Both the baseball and softball teams also won two state tournament games.
The boys' medley relay team was first at the 2008 Class 4A track and field championships.
In fall 2008, the Belen eagle football team finished the season 10-2, won the District 6-4A championship, beat rival Los Lunas for the first time since 1997, and its only losses were to the state finalist Aztec.
In spring 2009, the boys' and girls' basketball teams both reached District 6-4A championship games and played state tournament games at the historic Pit. The baseball team won its first district title since 1995, and the girls' golf team had two players among the top five individuals and was fifth as a team at the state championships.
In fall 2009, the boys' and girls' cross country teams both won District 6-4A team titles, with the boys fourth at state and the girls winning the third-place state trophy in Class 4A. The boys' soccer team won 15 matches and went 1-1 in the state tournament, losing 3-2 to the eventual champion Farmington in the state quarter finals. The American football team ended 12-1, losing 28-21 to Goddard in the first high school state championship game played within Valencia County in that sport.
Academic competitions.
The school has had some success in academic competitions at both the state and national levels (see United States Academic Decathlon). It was third at the New Mexico regional competition and won medals in mathematics, economics, essay, interview, music and language/literature, as well as the gold medal in Super Quiz. The Academic Decathlon team will compete at the state competition in hopes of going to nationals for the first time in six years.

</doc>
<doc id="5949911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949911" title="Janine Mellor">
Janine Mellor

Janine Mellor (born 3 May 1980, Huddersfield) is an English actress. She is best known for playing Kelsey Phillips in BBC One's BAFTA-winning drama "Casualty" from 2005–09.
Mellor attended at Lepton County Primary School, King James's School at Almondbury and Greenhead College. She danced with the Kirkheaton-based Clare Doosey School of Dance. She studied at Queen Margaret University College, Edinburgh and graduated from there with an honours degree in acting. Her TV credits include "South Riding" and "Fat Friends". Her theatre credits include "The Seagull", "Dancing at Lughnasa", and "Into the Woods". 

</doc>
<doc id="5949913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949913" title="St. Vital Historical Society">
St. Vital Historical Society

The St. Vital Historical Society is a mobile museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Historical Society presents four themed exhibitions a year. The group also maintains a resource centre in St. Vital.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5949918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949918" title="Teni">
Teni

Teni may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5949923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949923" title="Pontecorvo–Maki–Nakagawa–Sakata matrix">
Pontecorvo–Maki–Nakagawa–Sakata matrix

In particle physics, the Pontecorvo–Maki–Nakagawa–Sakata matrix (PMNS matrix), Maki–Nakagawa–Sakata matrix (MNS matrix), lepton mixing matrix, or neutrino mixing matrix, is a unitary matrix which contains information on the mismatch of quantum states of leptons when they propagate freely and when they take part in the weak interactions. It is important in the understanding of neutrino oscillations. This matrix was introduced in 1962 by Ziro Maki, Masami Nakagawa and Shoichi Sakata, to explain the neutrino oscillations predicted by Bruno Pontecorvo.
The matrix.
For three generations of leptons, the matrix can be written as:
On the left are the neutrino fields participating in the weak interaction, and on the right is the PMNS matrix along with a vector of the neutrino fields diagonalizing the neutrino mass matrix. The PMNS matrix describes the probability of a neutrino of given flavor "α" to be found in mass eigenstate "i". These probabilities are proportional to |"U"αi|2.
Various parametrizations of this matrix exist, however due to the difficulties of detecting neutrinos, it is much more difficult to determine the individual coefficients than in the equivalent matrix for the quarks (the CKM matrix). The PMNS matrix is most commonly parameterized by three mixing angles (Θ12, Θ23 and Θ13) and a single phase called δCP related to charge-parity violations (i.e. differences in the rates of oscillation between two states with opposite starting points which makes the order in time in which events take place necessary to predict their oscillation rates). 
Experimentally, the mixing angles were established to be approximately Θ12=34 degrees, Θ23=45 degrees, and Θ13=9.1±0.6 degrees (as of April 3, 2013). The charge parity violating phase of the PMNS matrix and the mass hierarchy of the neutrino masses have not been determined experimentally and remain unsolved questions in physics that are the subject of multiple major ongoing experimental efforts to determine. These mixing angles are much larger than the corresponding value of the CKM matrix for quarks, which means that while quark flavors mix with each other nearly minimally, neutrino flavors mix nearly maximally.
Based on less current data (28 June 2012) mixing angles are:
where NH indicates formula_3 normal hierarchy and IH formula_4 inverted hierarchy in the mass spectrum with formula_5 and formula_6.
These values lead to following PMNS matrices:

</doc>
<doc id="5949941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949941" title="Better Off Alone">
Better Off Alone

Better Off Alone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5949943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949943" title="Seigo Kosaku">
Seigo Kosaku

The seigo kosaku (國民政府の清鄉工作) program of pacification was the Japanese security plan to maintain peace and order in occupied territories in Chinese Mainland during wartime. Similar policies were implemented also in Manchukuo and Mengjiang, as well as by the Chinese Reformed Government and was put into practice in occupied territories in Szechwan province when the Chiang Kai-Shek regime was defeated and a pro-Japanese native government was installed.

</doc>
<doc id="5949946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949946" title="The Review of Higher Education">
The Review of Higher Education

The Review of Higher Education is an academic journal founded in 1978 and the official journal of the Association for the Study of Higher Education. The publication is aimed at scholars, educators, and policymakers and includes articles, essays, reviews, and research intended to better inform readers of the issues that affect higher education today. 
The journal is published quarterly in September, December, March, and June by the Johns Hopkins University Press. Circulation is 2,058 and the average length of an issue is 104 pages.

</doc>
<doc id="5949956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949956" title="International Association for Political Science Students">
International Association for Political Science Students

The International Association for Political Science Students (IAPSS) is the international association for political science students and students interested in political science issues. The association is politically independent, non-profit and student-run. It executes programs and services worldwide and aims to have global impact in the international political science sphere.
IAPSS sees itself as an umbrella organization for local, regional and national political science student associations and offers a wide range of political science programs and services for both association and individual members. It hosts a number of international political science conferences, study trips and a summer school each year - exclusively dedicated to the promotion of political science students knowledge development, their scientific research and publications. The IAPSS own journal POLITIKON and the online-blog A Different View publish student works on a regular base. Half-a-dozen official IAPSS delegations are sent to major political science conventions and congresses annually. Academic panels at IAPSS' conferences are exclusively designed for the presentation of research projects from political science undergraduates, graduates and post-graduates. Members receive a comprehensive online collection of relevant opportunities from the political science sphere twice a month. An online career center provides one of the largest collection of political science related data, information and websites as well as an introduction to the discipline itself. 
History.
The idea of a permanent international political science students' network was first discussed in 1996, when students from Leiden University visited colleagues in Rome. The first IAPSS General Assembly was held in Leiden, the Netherlands, in 1998, where the Association was founded and legally registered.
During the following years, IAPSS evolved from a network to an institutionalized governing body. In 2003 a permanent seat was established as the association's headquarters in Ljubljana, Slovenia. In 2004, the first annual "Executive Committee" (ExCom) was elected, coordinating programs and services on various levels directly from the Slovenian capital. By 2005, the incorporation of a new association in Slovenia was finalized and succeeded the previous Dutch based body. Due to internal measures of centralization and its proximity to the EU's capital Brussels, IAPSS is reloacting its headquarters to Nijmegen, the Netherlands, by May 1st, 2013. Based on a resolution taken by the 16th General Assembly 2013 in Rome, Italy, the realization of all portfolio programs will be coordinated from IAPSS' new permanent seat, located at Radboud University Nijmegen. The headquarters' relocation was accompanied with a full revision of the statues and internal regulations of the association.
As by 2013, IAPSS has embraced more than 80 political science student associations and more than 15,000 students from over 60 different countries from Europe, Asia and Latin America, North America and Africa. It holds active relationships with other major political science associations including the International Political Science Association (IPSA), the International Studies Association (ISA), the American Political Science Association (APSA) and the European Consortium for Political Research (ECPR) as well as a range of student-run associations from around the globe such as the Association des États Généraux des Étudiants de l'Europe (AEGEE) and the Young Transatlantic Initiative (YTI).
Structure.
IAPSS maintains a system of multi-level membership, including associations and ordinary individual members (both with voting rights) and selected honorary and alumni members. Annual elections select the different governing bodies:
Events.
Annual Conference & General Assembly.
The "Annual Conference and General Assembly" (AC/GA) is the principal event of the association and is held yearly. It is organized by one of the association members, elected by the GA itself.
The AC/GA is divided in two parts: the annual conference, made up of panels, seminars, lectures and debates, on a specific theme regarding political science, chosen by the association member which organizes the AC/GA; and the General Assembly which discusses and approves guidelines and elects the IAPSS bodies for the next legislative term. The event usually takes place in a country's capital or major town and lasts 5-6 days. From 2013 onwards, two IAPSS General Assemblies are held annually, with a spring and an autumn edition.
World Congress for Political Science Students.
Large demand and the internationalization of the association led towards the installation of an annual World Congress for Political Science Students, as IAPSS' largest event to take place in spring on an annual base. The 1st World Congress was held in 2014 and incorporated a large-scale international political science conference and an IAPSS General Assembly.
Academic Conferences.
Aside from the AC/GA, IAPSS organizes several international conferences throughout the year on political science issues. It is organized by one of the association members, elected by the GA,
and focusses exclusively on the examination of a selected political science topic, the promotion of student research projects and inputs of academic, civil and political actors from the political science arena. 
Political Science Study Trips.
IAPSS organizes a variety of political science field trips comprising institutional visits, meetings with key politicians, journalists, actors from domestic and international bureaucracies, lobbying groups and business representatives. Depending on the selected topic, field trips last from 3 to 10 days and take place in a specific city or region.
IAPSS Political Science Journals and Review.
POLITIKON.
"Politikon: The IAPSS Journal of Political Science" (also "Politikon") is the principal academic review of the Association. Founded in 2001, it is published quarterly, with a short two year hiatus from 2009 to 2011, due to a comprehensive redefinition process. 
"Politikon" publishes undergraduate and graduate student articles from around the world. The peer-review and supervision process involves academic experts from across the world and abstracts from "Politikon" are included in the International Political Science Association’s (IPSA) Annual International Political Science Abstracts. 
A Different View.
A Different View (also "ADV") is the Association's online blog with a critical touch. Founded in 2005 as a monthly online magazine, ADV deals with a wide range of topics including political, social, cultural, economic affairs. It gives undergraduate and graduate students from around the world the opportunity to shed light on the issues that their countries face through the publication of blogposts.
Journals in Planning.
By summer 2014, IAPSS will release two new journals. On the one hand, Encuentro Latino Americano (ELA), will focus on politics of, in and about Latin America, with articles published in Spanish, English and Portuguese. Secondly, the Journal for Political Theory and Analysis (JPTA) will seek to foster the scientific work of PhD and post-graduate students in the field of political theory, published in English.
Executive Committee.
The association is run by a seven-member Executive Committee (ExCom) of at least three nationalities. Executive Committee members coordinate respective departments and are responsible for the execution of the overall organizational outlines and resolutions taken by the IAPSS General Assembly. From 1999 to 2004, the Chairperson of the Member Association responsible to organize the annual Academic Conference & General Assembly (ACGA) served also as President of the association. From October 1st, 2004 these positions were detached, and the IAPSS Executive Committee (ExCom), was established as a permanent board and lead by an annually elected president.
The Executive Committee is furthermore assisted by a large number of departmental coordinators who support the board in terms of organizational execution. A total of 55 individuals is involved in the realization of IAPSS' membership services, events and publications.
Executive Committee 2014-2015.
The current Executive Committee was elected in Thessaloniki during the 18th General Assembly (GA) in April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5949973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949973" title="Losin' Myself">
Losin' Myself

"Losin' Myself" is the first single from the album "Body, Mind, Soul" by American singer-songwriter-actress Deborah Gibson, released in January 1993. The song was written by Gibson, and co-written and co-produced with Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers.
"Little" Louie Vega and Kenny "Dope" Gonzales for Masters At Work Productions remixed the song for the single and maxi single releases. Stalling at #46 on the Billboard Hot Maxi Singles, #49 on the Hot Contemporary, and #86 on the Hot 100 and therefore regarded as a flop, this song marks Gibson's last appearance on the Hot 100 to date. 
Gibson recently commented on her thoughts on "Losin' Myself" in a Q&A session from her twitter followers. Gibson stated, "...I love the song, but it was at the wrong time. I love the song "Losin' Myself"." 
Music video.
The Matthew Rolston-directed video clip for "Losin' Myself" generated a minor controversy due to Gibson's portrayal of a stripper doing a pole dance.
Track listing.
A Side:
B Side:
Track listing.
"Losin' Myself"
Both songs written by Deborah Gibson/Carl Sturken/Evan Rogers - Music Sales Corp., ASCAP/Bayjun Beat Music/Warner-Tamerlane Pub. Corp./Could Be Music, BMI

</doc>
<doc id="5949974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949974" title="Fool &amp; Final">
Fool &amp; Final

Fool & Final (stylized as "Fool N Final") is a 2007 Bollywood comedy caper film, directed by Ahmed Khan. The film has an all-star cast including Sunny Deol, Shahid Kapoor, Ayesha Takia, Sameera Reddy and Vivek Oberoi in the lead roles. Paresh Rawal, Johnny Lever, Sharmila Tagore, Arbaaz Khan, Om Puri and Chunkey Pandey have supporting roles, whilst acclaimed boxer Mike Tyson appeared in the promos & film credits.
It was released on 1 June 2007, and received negative reviews from critics. It was a flop at the box office. The film's title is a spoof on the usual tagline, "Full & Final" which means "final" in other words. Most of the film was shot in Brazil, Dubai and Muscat. The film is a remake of the British film "Snatch", with which it shares the tagline too (Stealing stones and Breaking bones).
Premise.
A million-worth diamond discovered in India is stolen and sent to Dubai. To pick up the diamond from Dubai Airport, Rocky (Chunkey Pandey) is sent. However, a dreaded underworld don, Moscow Chikna (Arbaaz Khan) kidnaps Rocky and steals the diamond from him. After completing his job, Moscow Chikna kills Rocky and flees. The story then twists to another underworld don, JD (Zakir Hussain) also has his eyes on the stolen diamond. To steal the diamond from Moscow Chikna, JD sends a team of foolish robbers, including Raja (Shahid Kapoor), Tina (Ayesha Takia), Chobey (Paresh Rawal) and an dimwit pilot Puttu (Johnny Lever). As they fail to rob the diamond, they witness Moscow Chikna being murdered by an unknown gangster named Gunmaster G9. They manage to steal the diamond, but refuse to hand it over to JD. They escape from JD's trap, who then sends out gangsters looking for the four idiots. To get them out of trouble, comes in Raja's uncle Munna (Sunny Deol), who is also added to JD's wanted list. On top of all this, an bankrupt gambler Luckee (Vivek Oberoi) is stalking Munna to make him fight in a boxing match. Between all this confusion, the question is, who will get the diamond?
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack contains 4 original songs and 3 remixes.
Reception.
The film received negative response from critics. Taran Adarsh from Bollywood Hungama gave the film 1.5 out of 5, and said ""Fool N Final" disappoints big time!" NDTV gave it a positive review with a rate of 3/5. Times of India claimed "The first half of the film is a complete washout as it trudges lethargically through a series of misadventures that try to establish the identity of the lead players." Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 27% rotten rating. Boxofficeindia.com declared it as a "flop".

</doc>
<doc id="5949975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949975" title="William M. Berlin">
William M. Berlin

William Markle Berlin (March 29, 1880 – October 14, 1962) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
William M. Berlin was born on a farm near Delmont, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Laird Institute at Murrysville, Pennsylvania, in 1896, and moved to Greensburg, Pennsylvania, in 1916. He was engaged as an automobile distributor, in the wholesale oil and gas business, and in coal mining. He was chairman of the Democratic County Committee in 1916. 
Berlin was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third and Seventy-fourth Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1936. After his time in Congress, he served as clerk of the court of Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, from 1937 to 1941. He resumed the mining of coal in Pennsylvania and West Virginia in 1941. He was a delegate to the 1944 Democratic National Convention in Chicago, and an unsuccessful candidate for the Republican congressional nomination in 1950. He served as assistant librarian of the United States House of Representatives from February 1, 1957, until 1961 when promoted to librarian, and served in that capacity until his death in Greensburg, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5949984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949984" title="Game opera">
Game opera

A game opera is a type of television show that combines elements of game shows and reality television.
The term was coined by Steve Beverly, a professor at Union University in Jackson, Tennessee, an expert on game shows, and a webmaster of a site devoted to games. The phrase itself is a portmanteau of "game show" and "soap opera". Beverly intended this as a derogatory term, criticizing the nature and structure of these programs.
The term has been picked up The Game Show Congress (web site here & is used a category in their annual Game Show Awards.[http://buzzerblog.flashgameshows.com/?m=200506
There are two types of game operas:
The following shows are not included in this genre:
Despite the distinctions, game operas work from a common template. A set number of contestants begin the contest. As play continues, they are eliminated, most often one at a time. Eventually, only one winner emerges to gain the cash prize, which is as much as $1 million.
Brief history.
"Big Brother" is believed to be the oldest game opera; it premiered on Dutch television in 1999 and was a ratings hit. Producer John De Mol licensed the product to other countries, including the United States. "Survivor", which descended from a Swedish show, was the first game opera hit in the U.S. when it premiered in the summer of 2000.
After "Survivor'"s success, the subgenre took off as almost every major broadcast and cable network in the United States and other countries sought similar programs. Even a professional football league, the XFL, used elements of game operas and reality TV.
The future of these shows was put in some question after the attacks on America in 2001, but the genre survived the immediate aftermath and now is as popular as ever. In fact, "American Idol" was the highest-rated show on all of American television in 2004–05 and 2005–06.
Criticisms.
Game operas are often derided for several reasons:
Lives of contestants.
Contestants on game operas are sequestered. They are not allowed to use cellular phones or the Internet and are at least highly discouraged from watching television or reading newspapers. An example of the consequences of breaking such rules occurred on the NBC series "Last Comic Standing". On the episode which aired July 11, 2006, contestant Gabriel Iglesias was thrown off the show after he was found to have a BlackBerry in his possession. Iglesias insisted that he was only trying to stay in contact with his girlfriend. In most cases, contestants live together in a common location, whether it's the isolated settings of "Survivor" or the luxurious accommodations on "The Apprentice" and "America's Next Top Model".
Contestants cannot be seen as having any lives outside the show (during taping) and must keep details of their appearance in strict secrecy until the program airs. Reportedly, contestants who violate confidentiality can be fined as much as $5 million and lose all money and prizes that they may have gained on the show.
Taping schedule and disclosure of winners.
Shooting schedules of game operas vary widely. On non-talent shows, taping lasts between 30 and 45 days. Eliminations are announced at the end of each episode, and some shows announce their winners at the end of taping. But most programs announce their winners on a live season finale broadcast, which typically happens about two months after the original filming wraps up. This is done with two things in mind: it builds momentum for each new episode, giving viewers something to look forward to in the end, and it is supposed to prevent the ultimate outcome from being leaked in advance, which could be used by bettors to gain an unfair advantage.
In contrast, talent shows generally air two episodes a week. The first episode features performances from the contestants. In most cases, these performances are taped a few days before the show's air date. However, all performances on "Dancing with the Stars", and final-round songs on "American Idol", are done live. The second episode, which airs the night after the first, reveals the results of voting done by the public. All eliminations, and the announcement of the final winner, are revealed live, except on "Rock Star", in which the results are tape delayed in the U.S. due to the show's global reach.
Voting methods and procedures.
Methods of voting vary from show to show. "American Idol" votes are cast by telephone and text messaging. "America's Got Talent" accepts not only phone calls and texts, but also online votes from NBC's website. "Last Comic Standing", "So You Think You Can Dance" (a "sister" show to both "Idol" and "Talent"), and "" accept telephone votes only. "Rock Star" does not accept phone votes, at least not from American viewers.
Except on "Dancing", no votes are allowed before the show ends. On that show, voting begins shortly after each episode hits the air and continues for another half-hour after the episode ends.

</doc>
<doc id="5949992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5949992" title="Dur Baba District">
Dur Baba District

Dur Baba is a district in the southeast of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, bordering Pakistan. Its population, which is 100% Pashtun [http://www.aims.org.af/afg/dist_profiles/unhcr_district_profiles/eastern/nangarhar/dur_baba.pdf], was estimated at 29,197 in 2002, of whom 11,600 were children under 12. The district centre is the village of Dur Baba.

</doc>
<doc id="5950006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950006" title="Beryl Gaffney">
Beryl Gaffney

Beryl Gaffney (born April 1, 1930) is a former Canadian politician and public servant. She served as a city councillor in Nepean, Ontario from 1978 to 1988 serving concurrently on the council of the Regional Municipality of Ottawa-Carleton. Entrepreneur/politician Michael Gaffney is her son. 
Born in Summerside, Prince Edward Island, she was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as the Liberal MP for Nepean in the 1988 federal election and was re-elected in 1993 and served as chair of the Standing Committee on Human Rights of Persons with Disabilities from 1993 to 1996. During this period she was diagnosed with a brain tumour and, after successful surgery, was able to return to the House of Commons to resume her valuable contribution to health issues. She did not run for re-election in 1997. 
In 1998, Gaffney was appointed to the Board of Governors of the International Development Research Centre by Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950019" title="Eyes of the Child">
Eyes of the Child

"Eyes of the Child" (Atlantic Japan / Warner-Pioneer #AMDY-5106) is a song by Debbie Gibson, released as a single exclusively in Japan in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5950020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950020" title="Platinum Fashion Mall">
Platinum Fashion Mall

The Platinum Fashion Mall is a 5 billion baht (100 million euro) shopping mall in Pratunam, Bangkok, Thailand, which specializes in fashion clothes and accessories retail and wholesale. It is a six-storey complex with an 11-storey condominium building above the complex.
The clothes shops operate on the principle that buying 1 piece is a retail sale and warrants retail price, but buying 3 (or sometimes more) pieces is wholesale and you get the wholesale price. An example of pricing structure is 1 men's shirt retail 250 baht, 3 shirts wholesale 500 baht.
The mall is on Phetchaburi Road, next to Pantip Plaza and opposite Pratunam Complex, a 14-storey mall. It is also near Central World Plaza. Platinum 2, located at the grounds next to Platinum 1 was completed in March 2011.
A relatively new hotel next to Platinum Fashion Mall was also officially launched in November 2012. Novotel Platinum Hotel, a 4-star hotel by Accor group of hotels, is located just next to Platinum Fashion Mall and is frequented by visitors who shop at Platinum Mall.

</doc>
<doc id="5950022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950022" title="Operation Karbala-5">
Operation Karbala-5

Operation Karbala-5 was an offensive carried out by Iran in an effort to capture the Iraqi port city of Basra in early 1987. This battle, known for its extensive casualties and ferocious conditions, was the biggest battle of the war and proved to be the beginning of the end of the Iran-Iraq War.
Prelude.
With the Iran-Iraq War in its seventh year, both sides were determined to break the stalemate. Iran’s target was the city of Basra, which was both a key port and vital oil source for Iraq. Iran decided that the city had to fall in order for Saddam Hussein to fall as well. Iran had besieged the city since 1982, yet it remained determined to make this the ‘final battle’ of the war. The Iranians also wanted to link up with forces in the already captured Fao Peninsula in southern Iraq. The timing of the operation was to coincide with winter, so that the heavy rains would hinder the Iraqi armor and air defenses. The Iraqis, however, intended to break the stalemate by inflicting as many casualties as possible on the Iranian forces, hoping to break the morale of the Iranian people.
Making up the manpower of the Iraqi army were six conscript brigades as well as two brigades of the elite Republican Guard nearby. The Iraqis set up an artificial barrier facing Iran, using dykes and the man-made Jasim canal leading from the Shatt al Arab to create an artificial lake. Known simply as ‘Fish Lake,’ the man-made barrier was approximately 30 kilometers long and 1,800 meters wide. Soldiers described a smell of 'dead fish' since so many shells rained down on the lake. Iraqi engineers even managed to place electrodes in the waters. Furthermore, the Iraqis set up mine fields, a series of trenches, concrete bunkers, and barbed wire, totaling five lines of defense. In addition, behind each waterway and defensive line was radar-guided artillery, ground attack aircraft, and combat helicopters; all capable of firing poison gas in addition to conventional munitions. By the time the defenses were complete, the Iraqis came to know the entire barrier as the 'wall of steel.'
Iran's strategy was to penetrate through these massive defensive lines, and encircle Basra, cutting off the city as well as the Al-Faw peninsula from the rest of Iraq. While being the largest and most sophisticated attack since 1984, it was actually a part of Iran's attritional strategy, in order to strike an unsustainable blow against Iraq, as the Iranians had little hope of a decisive victory in the face of Iraq's massive rearmament. There were hopes that it could bring about Iraq's downfall through sheer depletion and/or make Basra an alternative pro-Iran capital for a new Iraqi government. Iran's plan was for a diversionary attack near Basra, the main offensive, and another diversionary attack using Iranian armor in the north to have Iraqi heavy armor diverted away from Basra.[12 For these battles, Iran had re-expanded their military by recruiting many new Basij and Pasdaran volunteers. 
The Iranians amassed over 650,000 Pasdaran and Basij fighters of the ‘Muhammad Corps.’ The Corps itself consisted of men, with even a few between the ages of seventy all the way down to twelve. The Corps did not have as extensive training as their Iraqi counterparts did, having received from forty days of training to none at all. The Iranians did however enjoyed the luxury of large scale helicopter-borne support, which included the use of Bell and Chinook helicopters. Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani praised the troops heading for the front before the operation commenced:
"Our aim is to completely destroy the Iraqi war machine. Here, near Basra, Saddam can not do anything but fight, for the fall of Basra is tantamount to his own death. We want to settle our accounts with Iraq at Basra's gates, which will open and pave the way for the final victory we have promised."
On Christmas Eve of 1986, Iran launched the Operation Karbala-4 under cover of dark. The battle was short lived, however, as the Iraqi defenses pummeled the Iranian forces coming ashore. Though a failure, Iran continued with further operations and mobilized the Pasdaran's most experienced officers for battle. After two weeks, Iran officially launched Operation Karbala 5.
The battle.
Karbala 5 began midnight 9 January with the Revolutionary Guard and Basijis attacking the Iraqi defence south of Fish Lake and overrunning a battalion of Iraqi infantry. Another wave of Iranians crossed the lake by boat and landed on the western shores, where they charged towards the Shatt al-Arab river. Instead, they faced a counter-attack by Iraqi Republican Guard brigades, resulting in heavy casualties on both sides. After the southern thrust captured a canal called Ad Duayji, the Iranians spent 9 and 10 January overrunning two of the five Iraqi defence lines, reportedly using dug-in Iraqi tank turrets to shell Basra and other fortifications, along with their own tanks as well. [43
On 14 January, Iraqi Border Guards found themselves nearly cut off in the third line of trenches by Iranian forces moving in on both flanks. Air and artillery attacks dampened, as the marshes absorbed the impact of shells and rockets. After fierce fighting, they withdrew across the Jasim canal on 17 January, and the Iranians charged south towards the Shatt al-Arab, taking a small island in the Shatt. However, the Iraqis managed to repulse the capture of the island by moving in from the south on land. In the following days, the Iranians managed to secure a bridgehead along the shorelines, 9.5 km (5.9 mi) into Iraq.The Iraqis later admitted that they lost 50–60 jets to Iranian surface-to-air missiles (10% of their air force) and for a brief period the Iranians gained air superiority with their limited air power, allowing both fighter jets and helicopters to attack tanks and other ground targets.[12 Iran had also managed to secretly import Swedish RBS 70 shoulder-fired MANPADS.
The smaller Iranian air force dominated in dogfights, and with their stronger air defense, they deterred and caused the much larger Iraqi air force to stop temporarily providing close air support for their troops. Instead, the Iraqis began bombing Iranian supply routes with chemical weapons, as well as Iranian cities with conventional bombs, including Tehran, Isfahan, and Qom. It is believed that around 3,000 Iranian civilians were killed in these attacks.Iran retaliated by firing eleven long-range missiles further into Iraqi territory, continually inflicting heavy casualties among civilians and killing at least 300.[43 Later in the battle, after their ground forces had taken heavy losses due to the lack of air support, the Iraqi aircraft came back to the battlefield once again, facing their Iranian counterparts.
By 22 January, the Iranians launched a new attack, breaking through the fourth of the five defense lines.They were within 12 km (7.5 mi) from the city. At this point, the battle became a stalemate. The Iraqis found themselves on the outer perimeters of Basra, whereas the Iranians were close enough to see the eastern buildings of the city. Iranian TV broadcast footage of the outskirts of Basra, but the Iranians could move no further.[12 Artillery and medium-range missiles created frequent and heavy bombardments, and Iraqi forces had to evacuate much of the civilian population into northern Iraq.
The situation had deteriorated to the point that Saddam Hussein made a rare visit to the troops. During his visit, Saddam announced a significant shake-up of the chain of command, relieving Major General Tali Khalil Arham al-Dhouri of the 3rd Corp of his post and executing several lower-ranking officers by firing squad due to their poor performance. Tali was replaced with Lieutenant General Dhayaa ul-Din Jamal of the 5th Corps from northern Iraq. Iraq even resorted to trying to recruit children as young as 15 to increase their manpower (despite decrying similar Iranian actions earlier). Iran's Speaker of Parliament and Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani was also visible on the war front, reportedly observing the gains made by Iranian forces.[43
By the fourth week of the offensive, Iran effectively held Fish Lake, the Umm al-Tawil islands, the Jasim river, and Duayji irrigation canal. However, the majority of Iranian forces were spent. Iraqi artillery and mortar fire zeroed in on Iranian re-supply routes, hindering advancing forces with both conventional and chemical weapons while the Iranians took refuge in dugouts.
The Iraqi Republican Guard launched a counter-attack on 28 January. Using waves of tanks, artillery, and helicopter gunships, the Iraqi Third Army Corps assaulted the Iranians on the western side of Fish Lake before turning south towards Jasim. Artillery effectively pounded Iranian re-supply and reinforcement routes. These bombardments, along with the advancing Iraqi armour into the battle zone, created a pincer movement that crushed the salient by 7 February.
Among those killed was Iranian commander Hossein Kharrazi. The Iranians came close to breaking through the Iraqi lines and reaching the outskirts of Basra, but in the end, the strength of the Iraqi lines again halted the Iranian offensive.However, the Iranians came close enough to Basra to bring up their artillery, and in the ensuing bombardments, the city was largely destroyed.[26:263 Despite their extreme losses, the Iranian high command issued a statement, claiming capture of 155 km2 (60 sq mi) of enemy-occupied territory called Shalamcheh; the destruction of 81 Iraqi brigades and battalions; the destruction of 700 tanks and 1,500 other vehicles; the downing of 80 Iraqi warplanes; the destruction of 250 anti-aircraft guns and 400 pieces of military hardware; the capture of 220 tanks and armoured personnel carriers; and 20,000 enemy casualties. The Iraqis claimed 65,000 Iranians were made casualty during the battle.
Aftermath.
Iran continued its shelling of Basra for the remainder of February, at one point setting fire to a petrochemical plant which released toxic gas south of the city. But it was clear by the end of the month that Iran had officially aborted the operation.
It was reported by March that the Iraqis lost 20,000 troops and 45 aircraft, while the Iranians lost 65,000 troops. Of the most experienced Pasdaran recruited to lead the campaign, roughly a quarter of them were killed. Basra’s former population of one million decreased to 100,000, the refugees having fled north to Baghdad. Nearly every building along the eastern end of the city was damaged or destroyed.
Despite the fact the battle was considered to be over, it would remain in a quasi-siege until Operation Tawakalna ala Allah launched by Iraq in April 1988. The Iranians would bombard the city, while the Iraqis would remain entrenched behind their defensive lines. With the exception of Operation Karbala-8 launched against the city in July 1987, the Iranians would launch no more large scale attacks against Basra (or anywhere else in Iraq for that matter).
After Operation Karbala-5, the Iranian military was effectively a weakened force, and did not launch large-scale offensives for the rest of the war. Much of the experienced Pasdaran were killed during the battles, in addition to Iranian morale being scarred.The head of the armed forces Hashemi Rafsanjani announced during a news conference to finally end the use of human wave attacks.[96 Mohsen Rezaee, head of the Pasdaran (IRGC), announced that Iran would focus exclusively on limited attacks/infiltrations, while arming and supporting opposition groups inside of Iraq (such as the Kurdish guerillas and Badr Brigade). While Iraq would be unable to truly defeat Iran and remained on the defensive until 1988, this loss, coupled with earlier ones and Iraq's 1988 offensives depleted Iran's manpower and economy, and convinced their leadership that the war was unwinnable, and accept the UN Resolution 598 ceasefire.
Though the Iraqis forced the Iranian offensive back, it was still an embarrassment due to the fact that Iran came so close to the gates of Basra, and they themselves had taken severe losses. At one point, Saddam Hussein nearly faced mutiny from his generals, who demanded the freedom to conduct operations without political interference. The battle also served as a lesson for Western forces during Operation Desert Storm. With the failure of the poorly trained and equipped Iraqi Popular Army during the first assaults of the offensive, the Republican Guard did the most in repulsing the Iranians. This show of favoritism in Saddam's army would only prove futile in the future.
The effects of the operation were also felt in the Persian Gulf, with Iran and Iraq attacking foreign oil tankers doing business with both powers. A total of sixteen ships were hit in the first five weeks of 1987. Although Iran boasted that it would step up more attacks in the next year, no such actions materialized and Karbala 5 proved to be the last in a series of 'final offensives.' The war ended on August 20, 1988.
Bibliography.
1. "The Great War for Civilisation: the Conquest of the Middle East", by Robert Fisk, Knopf Books, 2005
2. "The Gulf Iran Strikes on Two Fronts", by William E. Smith, TIME Magazine, Jan. 26, 1987
3. "The Gulf", TIME Magazine, Feb. 2, 1987
4. "The Gulf Life Among Smoldering Ruins", by Dean Fischer, TIME Magazine, March 30, 1987
5. "In The Name of God: The Khomeini Decade", by Robin Wright, Simon and Schuster, 1989
6. "Essential Histories: The Iran Iraq War 1980-1988", by Efraim Karsh, Osprey Publishing, 2002
7. "Journey to Heading 270 Degrees", by Ahmad Dihqan and Paul Sprachman, Mazda Publishers, 2006
8. "The Longest War", by Dilip Hiro, Routlage Chapman & Hall, 1991.
9. http://csis.org/files/media/csis/pubs/9005lessonsiraniraqii-chap08.pdf
10. http://books.google.com/books?id=dUHhTPdJ6yIC&printsec=frontcover&source=gbs_atb#v=onepage&q&f=false

</doc>
<doc id="5950034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950034" title="Phil McGuire (footballer)">
Phil McGuire (footballer)

Philip McGuire (born 4 March 1980) is a Scottish professional footballer, who is currently Player/Coach at St. Andrews United in the East Region Super League.
Career.
Aberdeen.
McGuire, a central Defender/Midfielder, started his career with Aberdeen where he made over 200 appearances, scoring 15 goals. He joined Aberdeen in 1996 and came through the ranks into the first team. McGuire was part of the 2000 Scottish Cup Final and 2000 Scottish League Cup Final teams, both of which Aberdeen lost. The 2001-2002 and 2002-2003 he was voted into the SPL Team of the Year In 2002 there was major speculation that McGuire was leaving Aberdeen to join Celtic, but after discussions, the deal broke down with McGuire then signing a three year deal to remain at Aberdeen. During his Aberdeen spell, Mcguire was capped by Scotland at U21 and B level and was involved in several full international squads under Berti Vogts.
Doncaster Rovers.
He joined Doncaster Rovers in July 2005, for a free transfer and played 18 games for the English League One club. He was injured in a match with Nottingham Forest in which he missed four months of the season. He managed to come back early and captained the reserves to the League and Cup double on his comeback trail.
Return to Scotland.
McGuire returned to Scotland in July 2006, signing a two-year deal with Dunfermline Athletic, who paid a six figure fee to take him back. McGuire helped Dunfermline reach the 2007 Scottish Cup Final which they lost to Celtic. Dunfermline were relegated from the SPL that season. On 31 August 2007, he signed for Inverness Caledonian Thistle on loan and became one of the first players to move back up the divisions on a loan agreement until 13 January. After the loan spell expired, McGuire signed a two-and-a-half year deal with Inverness after Caley Thistle and the Pars agreed a fee.
Phil McGuire was a regular at Inverness Caledonian Thistle and finished the 2007-08 season in a respected position. In October 2008, with Inverness Caledonian Thistle going well in the League campaign, McGuire suffered an ankle injury which ruled him out for nine weeks. McGuire returned early to help Inverness Caledonian Thistle, who at this stage had slipped down to bottom of the table. Within weeks, Inverness parted company with manager Craig Brewster. Terry Butcher and Maurice Malpas took over the mantle at Inverness Caledonian Thistle, but McGuire found his first team games rare and he decided at the end of that season, with Inverness Caledonian Thistle being relegated to the SFL, to leave the club, despite having twelve months remaining on his contract.
McGuire turned down several clubs in Britain as he was looking to move abroad and explore different options with coaching and options outside football. He almost joined the New York Red Bulls in the MLS as a coach but decided it was the wrong time. On Friday, 25 September 2009 he signed for Formartine United on a one-year deal to help raise the profile of the new club and raise the awareness of the Highland League. McGuire teamed up with the Scottish Sun to write a weekly diary about his time with the club and created media interest in the small football club. McGuire left Formartine United at the end of January 2010. He finished off the season with Arbroath. McGuire headed to Cyprus with AEK Larnaca and was offered a two year deal, but after a short period of time returned to the UK due to financial problems with the club.
In 2011, McGuire signed for Lochee United. The following season, McGuire then signed for Montrose for the 2012-13 season.
In August 2013, McGuire signed for Jeanfield Swifts in the East Region Premier League as a Player/Assistant Manager.
In October 2013, McGuire transferred to St. Andrews United in the East Region Super League as a Player/Coach.

</doc>
<doc id="5950044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950044" title="European Championship (Brazilian jiu-jitsu)">
European Championship (Brazilian jiu-jitsu)

The European Championship is the most prestigious and largest Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu tournament held in Europe by the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation.
This championship has been held since 2004 in January, in Lisbon, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="5950046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950046" title="Dustin Milligan">
Dustin Milligan

Dustin Wallace Milligan (born July 28, 1985) is a Canadian actor, known for his role as Ethan Ward on the teen drama television series "90210".
Life and career.
Milligan was born in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, the son of Jean Wallace, a former Yellowknife city councillor, and Brian Milligan.
He is known for playing the role of Ethan Ward in the The CW's "90210", a spin-off of the 1990s primetime drama "Beverly Hills, 90210". He was written out of the show at the end of the first season.
His film credits include "Final Destination 3" (2006), "Slither" (2006), "The Butterfly Effect 2" (2006), "In the Land of Women" (with Kristen Stewart, Adam Brody and Meg Ryan), (2007), "Butterfly on a Wheel" (2007), "The Messengers" (2007) and "Extract" (2009).
Milligan starred in the short-lived primetime suspense drama "Runaway", picked up by The CW for its inaugural season in September 2006, but canceled in October after only three of nine episodes completed had been aired.
He starred in the Canadian network CTV's made-for-TV movie "Eight Days to Live" playing "O.C." star Kelly Rowan's missing son. Milligan has also played minor roles in the television series "The Days", "Andromeda", "The Dead Zone", "Alice, I Think", "Supernatural" and the CBC's "Da Vinci's City Hall".
As part of promoting "In the Land of Women", Milligan posted a series of eight video diaries on YouTube with the ostensible aim of obtaining a date for the film's premiere.
In 2013, Milligan appeared in the music video "Made in the USA" by Demi Lovato.

</doc>
<doc id="5950050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950050" title="John Fearns Nicoll">
John Fearns Nicoll

Sir John Fearns Nicoll (1899 - 1981) was a British colonial governor. He was Colonial Secretary of Hong Kong from 1949 to 1952, and Governor of Singapore from 1952 to 1955.
Nicoll was invested as a Knight of the Order of St Michael and St George. He died at Scio House Hospital, Putney Heath.

</doc>
<doc id="5950056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950056" title="HMS Lance (1914)">
HMS Lance (1914)

HMS "Lance" was a "Laforey"-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. Launched a few months before the outbreak of the First World War and attached to the Harwich Force, "Lance" took part in several engagements during the war, including the sinking of the and the Battle off Texel. She was responsible for firing the first British shot of the war.
Construction.
HMS "Lance" was originally to be named "Daring" but the entire "Laforey"-class had their names changed to alphabetically homogeneous ones in 1913. "Lance" was built by John I. Thornycroft & Company and launched on 25 February 1914. She was fitted with three QF Mk IV guns, a single QF 2 pdr pom-pom Mk. II, and four torpedo tubes in two twin mounts. "Lance" was designed to operate in British coastal waters against enemy surface and submarine shipping.
Service.
Following the start of the First World War at 2300 GMT on 4 August 1914, "Lance" and her sister ship , assigned to the 2nd Destroyer Flotilla, were tasked with performing a sweep of the North Sea. The next day, the two destroyers encountered the German minelayer and former excursion steamer deploying mines. "Lance" fired a shell from one of her 4-inch guns at "Königin Luise" which was the first British shot of the war. The minelayer at first attempted to flee but when her captain realised that escape was impossible he ordered her to be scuttled instead. "Lance"′s gun is on display at the Imperial War Museum, London.
Throughout the First World War, "Lance" was attached to the 3rd Destroyer Flotilla of Harwich Force. On 17 October 1914 "Lance" was with her flotilla when it attacked the German Seventh Half Flotilla of torpedo boats off Texel, completely annihilating the German force.

</doc>
<doc id="5950062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950062" title="Sentence boundary disambiguation">
Sentence boundary disambiguation

Sentence boundary disambiguation (SBD), also known as sentence breaking, is the problem in natural language processing of deciding where sentences begin and end. Often natural language processing tools require their input to be divided into sentences for a number of reasons. However sentence boundary identification is challenging because punctuation marks are often ambiguous. For example, a period may denote an abbreviation, decimal point, an ellipsis, or an email address - not the end of a sentence. About 47% of the periods in the Wall Street Journal corpus denote abbreviations. As well, question marks and exclamation marks may appear in embedded quotations, emoticons, computer code, and slang.
Languages like Japanese and Chinese have unambiguous sentence-ending markers.
Strategies.
The standard 'vanilla' approach to locate the end of a sentence:
This strategy gets about 95% of sentences correct. 
Another approach is to automatically learn a set of rules from a set of documents where the sentence breaks are pre-marked. Solutions have been based on a maximum entropy model. The SATZ architecture uses a neural network to disambiguate sentence boundaries and achieves 98.5% accuracy.
Software.
Perl compatible regular expression ("pcre")
Online use, libraries, and api
Toolkits that include sentence detection

</doc>
<doc id="5950067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950067" title="J. Twing Brooks">
J. Twing Brooks

Joshua Twing Brooks (February 27, 1884 – February 7, 1956) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Brooks was born in Edgeworth (now Sewickley), Pennsylvania. He graduated from the Sheffield Scientific School of Yale University in 1908.
He was engaged in the steel industry after graduation. During the First World War, Brooks served in the Quartermaster Division in Washington, D.C., purchasing steel products for the Army. After the war he returned to Sewickley, and continued in the steel industry. He later established his own business as a distributor of railway supplies and steel products.
Brooks was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third and Seventy-fourth Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1936. After his time in Congress, he served as a member of the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, from 1937 to 1939.
He served as assistant director of aviation for Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, from 1940 to 1948, and as manager of Allegheny County Airport from 1949 to 1956. He died in Sewickley, aged 71, and is buried in Sewickley Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5950074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950074" title="Goshta District">
Goshta District

Goshta District is located in the northeast of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan and borders Durand Line between Afghanistan and Pakistan. The district's population is 100% Pashtun and was estimated at 160,000 in 2002, of whom 30,000 were children under 12. The district centre is the village of Goshta, on the Kunar River.
Location and Economy.
The Goshta district is located on the Durand Line between Afghanistan and the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. From the highlands that define the border, dry hilly country with seasonal streams slopes down to the flat land along the north side of the Kunar river valley where most of the people live, at an elevation of about 540 m. Average temperatures in the valley range from 3o in January to 27o in July. Precipitation is low, perhaps 150mm per year, mostly falling in the spring.
Agriculture is the main source of income. Crops include wheat, corn, sugar cane and rice. At times, opium poppies have been an important crop. Goshta's residents do not have a modern water supply system for their crops. They traditionally drain water from the Kunar river, which flows along the south of the district, using hand pumps and shallow wells. Floods often destroy valuable fields. In the hill country, water must often be carried long distances by pack animal. Most villagers do not have access to potable water.
Villages and tribes.
Goshta is the home to the Khwaizi and Baize tribes, related Mohmand Pashtun tribes. There are many sub tribes. In the past, the Kunar (Chitral) valley that runs through the Goshta district was an important trade route from the Pamir Mountains' passes, Kabul and Jalalabad down to the plains of the Punjab. The people of Goshta have strong cultural and historical links to the people of Peshawar, further down the valley in Pakistan.
Large villages include Goshta, Khwaizi, Arkhai, Warsak, Ragha, Dawar khel, Khoga Khel, Mama Khel, Ala Khail, Tootkai and Bachahe Ghondey. In 2002, the UNHCR reported that the head of the District controlled only 18 major villages. The remaining 32 small villages, which are closer to the border of Pakistan, were beyond the control of the head of the district. The Pakistan Government exercised significant influence in these areas and provided some facilities such as roads and electricity.
Education.
Literacy is poor. According to a survey held by Saanga, a local magazine, in 2003, 7% of the population is educated. The UN estimated that only 2% were literate. Goshta has only one high school for boys (Abdul Hameed Momand High School) and 15 primary schools, only three of which are for girls. There are also two religious schools one is Warsak village and other in the Arkhi
Politics.
The majority of the people of Goshta are members of the Mujahedeen. However, there are followers of Khalq Party as well as Mujahedeen political movements. The local shura is consulted on occasion by the head of the district to share information and participate in decision-making.
Sports.
The main sports are cricket, volleyball,nartopa swimming, wrestling, and local games called Khusay and Dabee Toona (a game similar to baseball). And this district also has a good cricket team which had participated in many of matches the bring lost of honors to this district.
History.
In a strategic location, Goshta has witnessed many invasions. For much of its history under Persian control, it has been invaded by Greeks, Bactrians, Chingisids and others. It was a field of war against British Raj during nineteenth century, starting with the First Anglo-Afghan War (1839 to 1842), with several later conflicts. During the "Mohmand Disturbances" of 1937-1938 British Forces were thrown back by the army of local people who voluntarily participated in war under the command of Chaknawar Mullah Sahib there is a shrine of Shaheed Kharoot who was khowaizi belonging to Mir Qala fought against British soldiers under the command of Chaknawar Mullah Sahib and got martyred(Shaheed)after killing few British Soldiers.
Afghanistan was invaded by the Soviets in the late nineteen seventies. In the Soviet war in Afghanistan, local people took up their weapons to defend their homeland against the Russians. The signs of the battle can still be seen in the form of ruins left behind: clinics, mosques, bridges, roads, schools and houses were destroyed in Goshta, as throughout Afghanistan. The war left many dead, disabled, widows and orphans.
Current Issues.
More recently, Goshta has been afflicted by the war on terror against Al-Qaeda and the Taliban since 2001. In addition to the presence of Afghan government troops, NATO forces and Taliban fighters, various Saanga magazine and IWPR news agency's reports in 2003–2005 indicate that troops from Pakistan have made incursions into the province. NATO troops are assisting government forces in attempting to improve the situation, but face major problems. And nowadays the local peoples are with government. As the security the most peaceful district in all Afghanistan because here is just one tribe living and the unity is still here.

</doc>
<doc id="5950079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950079" title="Shock Your Mama">
Shock Your Mama

"Shock Your Mama" (Atlantic 87363; Atlantic UK A7386; Atlantic Europe 87386; Atlantic Japan AMDY-5107) is the second single from the 1993 album "Body Mind Soul" (LP 82450) by American singer-songwriter-actress Deborah Gibson. Co-written with Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers, as with "Losin' Myself," this single was co-produced with Carl Sturken, Evan Rogers and Teddy Riley. The version used as the A-side is a radio edit of the LP Version, entitled the "London Apprentice Edit". The song stalled at #74 on the U.K. singles chart.
A maxi single (Atlantic 85779 and A5779) was released for sale in Europe and the United Kingdom.
Track Listing (Atlantic Europe DM 85779).
"Shock Your Mama"
"Love or Lust"
"Only in My Dreams"
All songs written by Deborah Gibson/Carl Sturken/Evan Rogers - Music Sales Corp., ASCAP/Bayjun Beat Music/Warner-Tamerlane Pub. Corp./Could Be Music, ASCAP.<br>Except "Kisses 4 One" and "Only in My Dreams" - (Deborah Gibson) Music Sales Corp., ASCAP

</doc>
<doc id="5950090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950090" title="Israeli–Lebanese Ceasefire Understanding">
Israeli–Lebanese Ceasefire Understanding

The Israeli–Lebanese Ceasefire Understanding (also known as The Grapes of Wrath Understandings and the April Understanding) was an informal written agreement between Israel and Hezbollah, reached through the diplomatic efforts of the US, which ended the 1996 military conflict between the two sides. The agreement was announced at 18:00 on April 26, 1996.
Under the terms of the agreement, both sides agreed to end cross-border attacks on civilian targets, as well refrain from using civilian villages to launch attacks. The Monitoring Committee for the Implementation of the Grapes of Wrath Understandings was set up, composed of representatives from the US, France, Syria, Israel and Lebanon. The committee convenes to monitor and discuss infringements of the understandings by the two sides.
Full Text of the Agreement.
The full text of the agreement and adjoining letter from US secretary of state Warren Christopher is as follows:
The United States understands that after discussions with the governments of Israel and Lebanon and in consultation with Syria, Lebanon and Israel will ensure the following:
1. Armed groups in Lebanon will not carry out attacks by Katyusha rockets or by any kind of weapon into Israel.
2. Israel and those cooperating with it will not fire any kind of weapon at civilians or civilian targets in Lebanon.
3. Beyond this, the two parties commit to ensuring that under no circumstances will civilians be the target of attack and that civilian populated areas and industrial and electrical installations will not be used as launching grounds for attacks.
4. Without violating this understanding, nothing herein shall preclude any party from exercising the right of self-defense.
A Monitoring Group is established consisting of the United States, France, Syria, Lebanon and Israel. Its task will be to monitor the application of the understanding stated above. Complaints will be submitted to the Monitoring Group.
In the event of a claimed violation of the understanding, the party submitting the complaint will do so within 24 hours. Procedures for dealing with the complaints will be set by the Monitoring Group. The United States will also organize a Consultative Group, to consist of France, the European Union, Russia and other interested parties, for the purpose of assisting in the reconstruction needs of Lebanon.
It is recognized that the understanding to bring the current crisis between Lebanon and Israel to an end cannot substitute for a permanent solution. The United States understands the importance of achieving a comprehensive peace in the region.
Toward this end, the United States proposes the resumption of negotiations between Syria and Israel and between Lebanon and Israel at a time to be agreed upon, with the objective of reaching comprehensive peace.
The United States understands that it is desirable that these negotiations be conducted in a climate of stability and tranquillity.
This understanding will be announced simultaneously at 1800 hours, April 26, 1996, in all countries concerned.
The time set for implementation is 0400 hours, April 27, 1996.
Following is the text of a letter written by U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher to Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres on 30 April 1996:
Dear Mr. Prime Minister:
With regard to the right of self-defense referred to in the Understanding dated April 26, 1996, the United States understands that if Hizballah or any other group in Lebanon acts inconsistently with the principles of the Understanding or launches attacks on Israeli forces in Lebanon, whether that attack has taken the form of firing, ambushes, suicide attacks, roadside explosives, or any other type of attack, Israel retains the right in response to take appropriate self-defense measures against the armed groups responsible for the attack.
With regard to the prohibitions on the use of certain areas as launching grounds for attacks, the United States understands that the prohibition refers not only to the firing of weapons, but also to the use of these areas by armed groups as bases from which to carry out attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="5950091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950091" title="Panorama Lounge">
Panorama Lounge

Panorama Lounge & Restaurant is the highest outdoor patio in Toronto, Canada. It is on the 51st floor of the Manulife Centre on Bloor Street.
External links.
/Users/sebcentner/Desktop/PanoramaInterior.jpg

</doc>
<doc id="5950096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950096" title="José Juan Barea">
José Juan Barea

José Juan "J.J." Barea Mora (born June 26, 1984) is a Puerto Rican professional basketball player who currently plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the NBA. He also played for the 2011 NBA champion Dallas Mavericks from 2006 to 2011. Barea has played in the NBA, NBA Development League, NCAA and the BSN with Indios de Mayagüez and the Cangrejeros de Santurce.
After playing college basketball at Northeastern University, he participated in the 2006 NBA Draft but was undrafted, and he was subsequently signed by the Dallas Mavericks following his participation in the NBA Vegas Summer league, becoming the seventh Puerto Rican to play in the NBA.
Barea was a member of the Puerto Rican team that won the gold medal in the 2006 and 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games. He was the starting point guard of the Puerto Rican national team's squad that won the gold medal in the 2011 Pan American Games and the silver medal in the 2007 Pan American Games.
Biography.
Jose Juan Barea is the son of Jaime Barea and Marta Mora. He was born and raised in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico where he lived until he was seventeen. While living in Mayagüez, Barea was a member of Boy Scouts of America Troop 790 for seven years. He then moved to Miami, Florida after joining the Miami Tropics program, organized by Arturo Álvarez and Miguel Mercado. As part of the program, Barea enrolled at Miami Christian School, where he played his senior high school year with the school’s team. During this season the team won the Class 1A state title, Barea averaged 24.8 points per game, and was selected to Florida’s All-State team and was Miami-Dade’s Player of the Year.
College career.
Barea was a four-year letterman at Northeastern University from 2002 to 2006. In 2005 and 2006, as a junior and senior, he was named a finalist for the Bob Cousy Award, given to the nation's best point guard. Barea was selected to the All-America East First Team twice. Northeastern switched to the Colonial Athletic Association for his senior campaign and he earned All-CAA First Team honors. Barea finished his career as the school's second all-time leading scorer with 2,209 points behind Reggie Lewis. He also left Northeastern as its second all-time leader in assists (721) and leader in three-point field goals made (255).
During his freshman year (2002–03), Barea led the team and was third in America East in scoring (17.0 ppg). He was selected to the America East All-Rookie Team, All-Tournament Team and All-Conference Third Team. In addition, he became the first Husky freshman to record 400 points and 100 assists in a season, and led NU with a team-high 25 double-figure scoring games.
During his sophomore year (2003–04), Barea led the team and was second in the conference in scoring (20.7 ppg) and assists (5.8 apg). This made him the first Husky since Reggie Lewis in 1986–87 to average at least 20 points per game. He recorded a double-double with nineteen points and ten assists in a 91–84 win over West Virginia.
During his junior year (2004–05), Barea ranked second in the America East and eighth in the country in scoring (22.2 ppg). He led the conference and was fifth in the nation in assists (7.3 apg). In recognition of his accomplishments, he was given an Honorable Mention All-America by Sports Illustrated.com and recognized as an All-District 1 Second Team selection for the second consecutive year by the NABC. Barea placed third in assists (218), fourth in three-pointers (68) and sixth in points (665) on Northeastern's single-season charts. He tied the school record with a career-high 41 points against Stony Brook.
During his senior year (2005–06), Barea was awarded an Honorable Mention All-America by The Associated Press. He finished third in the country in assists (8.4 apg) and was named CAA Player of the Year, earned NABC All-District 1 First Team selection and was named Mid-Major Player of the Year by CollegeInsider.com. He led Northeastern and finished 19th in the nation in scoring (21.0 ppg), including 26 points and nine assists against California. He averaged 16.5 points and 7.0 assists in two games against eventual Final Four participant, George Mason. He also scored a season-high 32 points, to go with 10 assists against Old Dominion.
Post-college.
In April 2006, Barea had a productive participation at the Portsmouth Invitational Tournament in Virginia, finishing with averages of 15 points, 13.6 assists and 5.6 rebounds per game while committing five turnovers in three contests. Barea broke the single game and tournament assist records, dishing out 18 assists in a 118–100 victory, giving him 41 assists in three games. For his efforts, Barea was awarded the Allen Iverson Award for inspiration and effort in the competition.
Career in Puerto Rico.
Barea started his professional career at the age of 17 in 2001, playing in the Baloncesto Superior Nacional de Puerto Rico (BSN) with the Indios de Mayagüez. He played in 13 games, averaging 2.1 ppg. In 2002 he returned with the Mayagüez Indios playing in 14 games and averaging 2.8 ppg. After a three-year absence, Barea returned in 2006 to play for the Cangrejeros de Santurce, playing in 9 games and averaging 10.4 ppg, 2.7 apg, and 2.8 rpg.
Professional career.
2006–2007 NBA season.
Following the conclusion of his NCAA career he was described as a gifted rebounder for his size, a good passer, and a flexible shooter by scouts. Barea decided to enter his name in the 2006 NBA draft. He went undrafted and played in the league's offseason tournament to gain a contract as a free agent. During the summer, Barea participated with the Golden State Warriors in the Vegas Summer League. He also participated with the Dallas Mavericks in the Rocky Mountain Revue, where he averaged 12.0 points, 6.7 assists, 1.7 rebounds in 25.0 minutes in three contests.
On October 30, 2006, Barea received an official spot on the roster of the Dallas Mavericks for the 2006–07 NBA season. He enjoyed a successful preseason with the team, which prompted the Mavericks to give him a guaranteed $400,000 contract for one year. He debuted on November 4, 2006 as the team's second backup point guard.
NBA Development League.
On January 17, 2007, Barea was assigned to the Fort Worth Flyers of the NBA Development League (NBA D-League). He played seven games in the league before being recalled by the Dallas Mavericks on February 1, 2007. Barea topped 40 points in two different games, while leading the Flyers to a 3–1 record. José had the top scoring performance of the D-League season, with 43 points on eighteen out of twenty-four shooting in a loss to Idaho. He reached 40 points for the second time with 41 on 16 out of 23 shooting in a win over the Dakota Wizards. Barea recorded double-doubles in his other two games on his second week, scoring 17 points with 10 assists in a win over Idaho, and 25 points with 11 assists in a win over Dakota. As a result of his performance he was selected as the D-League Performer of the Week on January 29, 2007. Barea's averages for that week were 31.5 points, 7.5 assists and 6.0 rebounds in four games. He shot .549 (45 out of 82) from the field. Barea is the first NBA-assigned player to be named D-League Performer of the Week. The only number currently retired (#11) of the Fort Worth Flyers is that of Jose Juan Barea for his back-to-back 40 point games.
Recalled by Dallas.
After being recalled by the Dallas Mavericks on February 1, 2007, Barea made his first career three point basket against the Golden State Warriors on March 12, 2007. On March 14, 2007, he recorded his first career block against Leandro Barbosa of the Phoenix Suns. Near the end of the regular season, he was allowed more playing time by his coach. On April 11, 2007, he played against the Minnesota Timberwolves in a game where in 23 minutes he scored a (then) career-high 13 points, as well as three assists and collected three rebounds. In the following game against the Utah Jazz, he played 24 minutes and surpassed his previous career-high, scoring 16 points. On April 17, 2007, Barea started his first NBA game against the Warriors. He played a career-high 31 minutes, recording 13 points and 10 rebounds, thus registering his first career double double.
Barea participated in the 2007 NBA Las Vegas Summer League along with Maurice Ager and Pops Mensah-Bonsu of the Mavericks. He was selected to the NBA Summer League All-Star First Team, after averaging 14.4 points per game, 6.2 assists per game and 3.0 rebounds per game. His field goal percentage in the tournament was .531 in and .429 from the three-point range. Barea led the Mavericks in scoring and assists and the team finished with a 5–0 record.
2007–2008 NBA season.
Barea finished his second season with the Mavericks with an average of 4.3 points and 1.3 assists per game. In the 2007–08 season he acted as the team's starting point guard in a series of games when Devin Harris was injured. In his first start of the season, Barea scored 25 points after shooting 9–11 from the field against the Milwaukee Bucks. In the first-round playoff series against the New Orleans Hornets, Barea played in his first post-season game, where he scored eight points.
2008–2009 NBA season.
For the 2008–09 season, Barea's role in the team grew much more noticeable. Injuries to Jerry Stackhouse, Josh Howard, and Jason Terry saw Barea getting more minutes per game than in any previous NBA season. Coach Rick Carlisle began regularly using a 3-guard-lineup which included Jason Kidd, Jason Terry and Barea to spark an offensive streak in games. In February 20, 2009, Barea scored a career high 26 points in a regular season game against the Houston Rockets.
In the 2009 playoffs, Barea became a starter during the first round, replacing Antoine Wright in an effort to contain Tony Parker of the San Antonio Spurs. He scored 13 points and 7 assists in his first playoff start.
2009–2010 NBA season.
During the 2009–2010 season, Barea averaged 7.6 points and 3.3 assists coming from the bench most of the time. He scored a season-high 23 points twice during two starts in the month of December. He also scored 14 points during the Mavericks first-round series against the San Antonio Spurs.
2010–2011 NBA season.
In June 2010, the Mavericks used Barea's team option ($1.8 million) and signed him for the 2010–11 NBA season. Barea averaged 9.5 points and 3.9 assists coming from the bench. He also scored a new career-high of 29 points on 11–21 shooting from the floor on New Years Day against the Milwaukee Bucks. He also finished the month of February with an average of 13.6 ppg along with 5 assists.
In the playoffs, the Mavericks faced the defending champions Los Angeles Lakers in the second round. In the second game of the series, Barea scored 12 points from the bench to lead a fourth-quarter rally which resulted in a 93–81 win for Dallas. With the game already decided and 24 seconds remaining, Barea was clotheslined by Lakers' forward Ron Artest, which led to a suspension. After the game, the Lakers praised Barea's game with Phil Jackson even comparing him to Chris Paul while Kobe Bryant said that "Barea kicked our asses".
In the last game of the series, the Mavericks defeated the Lakers, eliminating them. Barea was the second-leading scorer for his team with 22 points and 8 assists. During the fourth quarter, Lakers' center Andrew Bynum threw an elbow at Barea as he was driving for a layup. Barea fell down hard while Bynum was immediately ejected. Although Barea recovered and finished the game, he called the foul "dangerous". Initially Bynum was unapologetic about the incident saying, "We were getting embarrassed. They were breaking us down. So I just fouled somebody." Later, he issued a formal apology to the league and Barea. The NBA suspended Bynum for the first five games in the next season, but later shortened the suspension to four games due to the lockout-shortened season.
The Mavericks won the NBA championship in a 105–95 victory over the Miami Heat, in a game in which Barea contributed 15 points. Barea is only the second Puerto Rican player to win an NBA championship, following Butch Lee.
2011–2012 NBA season.
After winning the championship with Dallas, Barea became a free agent. When negotiations started, Dallas offered him a 1-year contract, but Barea declined. He said in an interview that he "was disappointed" with the offer.
On December 12, 2011, it was announced that Barea signed a 4-year contract with the Minnesota Timberwolves. According to sources his contract would be worth around 19 million dollars. The Timberwolves officially announced the signing on December 14, 2011.
In his first game with Minnesota, Barea scored 14 points with 2 assists and 2 rebounds on 27 minutes of play. However, Barea's season was hampered with ankle and thigh injuries. Despite this, in March 23, 2012, Barea scored his first career triple-double, scoring a season-high 25 points, 10 rebounds and a career-best 14 assists in a 149–140 loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder. During the last weeks of the season, and with injuries to starters Ricky Rubio, Kevin Love, and Luke Ridnour, Barea became the starting point guard, averaging 15.8 points, and 9.4 assists during the last 9 games. Some news called him Minnesota's "only true scorer left". During that period, Barea registered a season-high 28 points and a career-high 15 assists.
2012–2013 NBA season.
Barea began the season with 21 points and 5 assists against the Sacramento Kings on November 2, 2012. However, in his fourth game, he sprained his left foot, which caused him to miss the next five games. During December, Barea averaged more than 25 minutes and 12.7 points per game coming from the bench. Barea had his best game of the season on April 12, when he scored 23 points against the Utah Jazz. Although the Timberwolves didn't make the playoffs, Barea finished the season with averages of 11.3 points, 4 assists, and a field goal percentage of 41.7.
International career.
Barea began his international career with Puerto Rico's Under-19 team, participating in the Under-19 World Championship where he finished in tied in the third place of the tournament's Most Valuable Player poll. His next international representation came at Caguas, Puerto Rico in the Under-21 Centro Basket tournament where Puerto Rico won the gold medal. Barea was awarded the competition's Most Valuable Player recognition after leading the tournament in scoring, assists and steals. His last participation at the Under-21 level occurred at the World Championships where he finished fourth in scoring, with an average of 17.6 points per game and led the competition in assists with 7.3 per game, as Puerto Rico finished seventh.
In July 2006, Barea made his debut for the senior national team in the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games where Puerto Rico won the gold medal. Here he scored a decisive three point basket with fourteen seconds left in the championship game against Panama, giving Puerto Rico a final advantage. In this tournament Puerto Rico finished undefeated with six straight victories. He was selected as the tournament's Most Valuable Player. Barea was the primary point guard for the Puerto Rican team that participated in the 2007 Pan American Games, where the team won the silver medal. Later that year, he had limited participation in the 2007 FIBA Americas tournament, where Puerto Rico won the bronze medal. In 2008, Barea participated in a series of preparatory tournaments, before attending an Olympic qualificatory event. In these exhibition games, he performed in the team's starting position. The Olympic Qualifying Tournament began on July 14, 2008, with Barea returning to the back-up position behind Carlos Arroyo. Puerto Rico advanced to the finals, but didn't qualify to the Olympic games. In this tournament Barea had averages of 12.4 points per game, 2.2 assists per game and 3.2 rebounds per game.
Barea continued playing in the backup position at the 2008 CentroBasket tournament. He entered the final round leading the event in points, after scoring 31 and 30 points against Panama and the Dominican Republic. In the last two games, Barea was placed in the team's starting lineup. Puerto Rico won the tournament's gold medal by defeating the United States Virgin Islands. Following this game, Barea received the event's Most Valuable Player award. In 2009, the Mavericks didn't give Barea permission to play in the FIBA Americas Championship. This decision was based on the fact that the player had undergone surgery on his left shoulder during the post-season. Barea returned to international play at the 2010 CentroBasket, serving as the national team's starting point guard, Arroyo was in turn reassigned to the regular shooting guard position. Puerto Rico won its group, defeating Panama in semifinals and the Dominican Republic in the final to win the gold medal. Barea had averages of 13.8 points per game and led CentroBasket in assists per game with 7.0, earning him inclusion in the tournament's All-Star Team.
Personal life.
Barea's height is listed as 6'0" by the NBA. However, according to his mother, his real height is 5'10¾". During an interview on talk show "Lopez Tonight", when George Lopez asked him about his height, Barea jokingly said it was "5'11"... on a good day".
In 2011, Barea confirmed he was in a relationship with former Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2006 and Miss Universe 2006 Zuleyka Rivera. In the summer of 2011, they confirmed that they were expecting their first baby. Rivera gave birth to Sebastián José Barea Rivera on February 18, 2012. Barea was present during the birth. On April 18, 2013, Barea released a statement confirming that he and Rivera were no longer together.

</doc>
<doc id="5950098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950098" title="Pseudorandom encoder">
Pseudorandom encoder

A pseudorandom encoder is an electro-mechanical device used for measuring distance and finding position. It is different from the conventional absolute and incremental encoder in its disk pattern, which gives it aspects of the other two designs.
The disk of a pseudorandom encoder has an evenly spaced notch design just as an incremental encoder to measure distance. A second track of code is used to find the position just like an absolute encoder; however, an absolute encoder tells position from reading from multiple parallel tracks while a pseudorandom encoder uses one single track. This aspect allows pseudorandom rotary encoders to have smaller diameters and larger through-holes. To know its position, the encoder must first move a certain distance to read the code. This distance is generally small, about 1-2 degrees for rotary encoders and 1 mm for linear encoders, though this idiosyncrasy does hinder its usefulness in some applications such as track-balls since position is not immediately known when the system starts.

</doc>
<doc id="5950115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950115" title="Jack Renner">
Jack Renner

Jack Renner is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5950122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950122" title="Parks in Windsor, Ontario">
Parks in Windsor, Ontario

Windsor's Department of Parks and Recreation maintains of green space, 180 parks, of trails, of sidewalk, 60 parking lots, vacant lands, natural areas and forest cover within the City of Windsor, as well as the Bike Trails, Bike Lanes, and Bike-Friendly Streets.
There are 43 individual reserves in Windsor larger than in size. Seven of these reserves are larger than : Little River Corridor, Malden Park, the Ojibway Prairie Provincial Nature Reserve, Ojibway Park, Spring Garden Prairie, the Roseland Golf and Curling Club and Black Oak Park. Eighteen reserves are larger than 25 and smaller than , including Mic Mac Park, Little River Golf Club, Peche Island, Wilson Park, and the Ford Test Track. A further eighteen reserves are larger than 10 and smaller than .
Malden Park.
Across Matchette Road lies Malden Park, a former city dump-turned-park, with a huge 300-foot (90 m) hill, providing viewers with a spectacular view of the Windsor and Detroit skylines, as well as sights of the River Rouge and Zug Island factories. On a clear day, one can even see the Enrico Fermi Nuclear Generating Station and the office towers of Southfield, Michigan far off in the distance. Fireworks are also launched from the hill at times during the year. Malden Park also contains a couple small artificial lakes, a restroom, many woodland trails, and war memorials, tributing Canada's brave soldiers during both World Wars.
Ojibway Prairie Complex.
Close to Malden Park, is the large inter-connected park system that is the Ojibway Prairie Complex, popularly known as "Ojibway". The largest of the parks is the Ojibway Prairie Provincial Nature Reserve, which is not a city-maintained park, but a provincially maintained one. It is connected via the bike trails (such as the West Windsor Recreationway) to neighbouring Ojibway Park and Spring Garden Natural Area. Although some city maps display Titcombe Road as a street that goes through, connecting Matchette Road to the west, and Malden Road to the east, it actually was abandoned in the 1960s, and is now a bike trail, ending at two parks and parking lots.
Sandwich Towne parks.
In the Sandwich Towne neighbourhood, the Parks and Rec. department maintains two medium-sized parks, the Mill Street Park (complete with windmill and pier), and the Chewett Beach Park (McKee Park), just west of the Ambassador Bridge. The beach at Chewett Beach/McKee Park used to allow swimming until recently, when it was completely redesigned, keeping only the small boardwalk and boat launch. Swimming was strongly recommended against, due to the pollution of the Detroit River and currents caused by passing ships.
Riverfront parks.
This collection of parks is now one park, but at one time was several that blended seamlessly together. It goes by many nicknames, such as "Riverwalk", "Riverfront Park" and the "Riverside Park". The parks were gradually converted from numerous rail yards into one long connected park, long, from the foot of the Ambassador Bridge, to Hiram Walker's Canadian Club distillery. Although the vast majority of the park allows people to fish along its edge, doing so isn't recommended due to the pollution of the Detroit River. Caution must be taken while riding a bicycle along the Riverwalk trail, due to young children, crowds of people walking, people walking dogs on the bike paths, occasional sharp curves of the bike trail, and the large amount of Canadian Geese and other migratory birds that rest and walk along the parkland and trails. Because of this, a city-posted speedlimit of is in effect on the trail.
Assumption Park and the Windsor Sculpture Park.
The first part of the park starts at the foot of the Ambassador Bridge, and contains some of the Odette Sculpture Park (now called Windsor Sculpture Park), and a parking lot for people to park their vehicles. The former name of this park was "Ambassador Park", a name now given to the park between the University of Windsor and the Sculpture Park. The park also contains two service centers, a drinking fountain, and a Vietnam War memorial. This park also connects to the Fujisawa Botanical Gardens, a gravel trail and grassed area still under conversion from railway bed, extending south to Wyandotte Street.
Dieppe Gardens.
After the Caron Ave Pumping Station, the park transitions into the Dieppe Gardens, a beautiful and well-maintained garden and grassed area between the hotels along Riverside Drive, and the river. Many ships dock along the Gardens, and (Like Mill St. Park, Jackson Park, and the Sculpture Gardens), is a popular destination, especially for news crews. The park also contains several war memorials, as well as a monument dedicated towards peace (The UN Peace Memorial).
Civic Terrace and Festival Plaza.
It also connects to City Hall Square via a smaller plaza and park across the street from Riverside Drive. in front of Festival Plaza are two large ramp structures that are currently being rehabilitated. They are the former decks for loading railroad cars onto ferries, to cross the river to Detroit. They are due to be open to the public by spring of 2007, and are a tribute to our former railroad service along the riverfront. There were similar docks just east of the Sculpture Garden, but they have since been removed, being converted into parkland. The City intends on having plaques about the decks and railroads installed (two are already installed, along with over 30 other plaques along the entire Riverfront Park system), along with benches for people to sit on and enjoy the scenery.
The Festival Plaza also contains "The Spirit of Windsor", a Pacific Type 4-6-2 Steam Locomotive. Its Engine number is #5588 and stands where the train station used to be. CN Rail built the engine in Montreal in 1911, and retired it in 1962. The train was donated to the city as a gift for its parkland, and commemorated in 1965. The park also offers coin-operated viewfinders, which allow you 2 minutes of viewing through large binoculars at the Detroit Skyline for just 25 cents. These viewfinders are located along Dieppe Gardens and Festival Plaza.
The Plaza was the site of the former "Northern Belle" paddleboat casino from New Orleans that the city chose over 3 other boats (one was also a luxury ocean liner from Greece), to house its Casino until Casino Windsor was finished, and the Art Gallery of Windsor was converted back into an art gallery from a temporary casino. The remnants of its docking platform are still visible, as they have been converted into storage rooms and restrooms.
Great Western Park.
After the parking lot at the foot of Aylmer Avenue (Northbound) and Glengarry Avenue (Southbound), the park transitions into Great Western Park. Until as recently as 2000, there was a large turntable, that used to turn locomotives, a relic of Windsor's railroading past.
The Great Western Park contains wide open space for playing many games, along with benches, and completely re-landscaped gardens and bays. The Great Western Park also contains a service center with murals of railroading-related scenes.
Bert Weeks Memorial Gardens.
These gardens, including a magnificent curved waterfall and plaza are dedicated to a former Windsor Mayor from 1975-1982 who got the ball rolling for the entire riverfront park system in the mid-1970s. They contain a terraced garden, plaza, font, waterfall, reflecting pool, and a small bridge around a bay, also linking the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel pumping house, via a securely locked door. It has many trees and lamps along the trails to add to the already wonderful scenery. Bert Weeks Memorial Gardens was designed by Windsor architect Michele Di Maio to symbolize Weeks's life; the font above the waterfall represents his birth, the waterfall his political career, the reflecting pool his retirement and the ending of his life is marked by small waterfall at the foot of the plaza. A striking noon mark in the centre of the reflecting pool symbolizes Weeks's career as a watchmaker. A bronze bust of Weeks, sculpted by noted local sculptor, Christopher Rees, (deceased) stands on the west side of the garden. A plaque below the bust describes Weeks's life (he passed away in 1990) and his many contributions to the City of Windsor.
Clifford and Joan Hatch Wildflower Garden.
This wildflower garden is located directly west of the end of the park, along the Hiram Walker Canadian Club distillery, and contains several bays and gardens of wildflowers. A restroom was built into the hill-side below the bike trail, with the roof providing a very large and beautiful overhang/lookout to observe the river and Detroit Skyline.
Jackson Park, Queen Elizabeth II Gardens, and Windsor Stadium.
Its walkways are brick-laid, compared to typical concrete, asphalt, tarmac, or even gravel in other parks. The park even used to hold an actual World War II Lancaster bomber. Mounting public pressure caused City Hall to finally take down the bomber, listening to the public's requests to fully restore the bomber and protect it from the elements, and from any further deterioration
The Queen Elizabeth II Gardens are located in Jackson Park, and are sunken gardens, with flowers, rocks, and a former reflecting pool.
Behind the Park and Garden lies the Windsor Stadium, where the Windsor Bulldogs play their games.
Ford Test Track.
The Ford Test Track in the near-east-end of Windsor was a former proving ground for the Ford Motor Company of Canada. In the late 1980s, the City of Windsor purchased the abandoned test track and converted it into a massive park, with a large pavilion, restroom, and city-operated restaurant, similar to the Queen Elizabeth Service Center and Restaurant. The park contains a large "race track" where people jog or ride their bikes around the many soccer fields. The path also connects to several streets that formerly went through the park via elegant gates to the trail and street. The Track also has direct connections via Bike-Friendly Streets to Long Park, A.K.O. Park, Milloy Park, and Pykes Park, all within a mile (1.6 km).
Coventry Gardens and Pillette Dock.
Although not a dock per se, Pillette Dock is a favourite spot for many Windsor fishing enthusiasts. Located across from Belle Isle, it provides a nice view of Detroit, and of its largest park. Coventry Gardens is elegantly maintained, with hanging gardens, trees, flowerbeds, tarmac and brick paths, and the very popular Peace Fountain, a floating fountain that glows with radiant colours at night. The fountain is installed from April to October, because exposure to ice and cold would damage it. This park also contains a restaurant and restroom, but bicycles are not allowed in the park, due to its large attendance of pedestrians and tight curves.
Roseland Golf Course.
Although not a park, it is owned by the City of Windsor. It is a popular golf course in South Windsor. The course is a rounded oval in shape. Recently, City Council has been considering selling the Roseland Golf Course and Lakeview Marina in the east end, citing financial difficulties. This confused many residents who read the Windsor Star while this was reported, since both bring in over $C 1.5 million each per year. The Golf Course and Marina remain in city hands, for now, but their future as publicly owned facilities is still unclear.
Forest Glade Park.
This medium-sized park contains the Forest Glade Arena and Community Center, and the Forest Glade branch of the Windsor Public Library. At one time, it contained a large hill, but it was removed to have a small forest planted, along with baseball diamonds. The City sold off part of the park in 2002, to allow construction of a low-rise apartment building, but the park was not seriously affected, since the City sold off a small portion next to the apartment building back in 1972 to build the local Baptist church.
Little River Corridor.
Little River Corridor is one of Windsor's largest and newest parks, coming into being in 1990. It lies along the Little River in the far east end of Windsor, between the villages of Riverside (to the west), Riverside (north, and on both sides), and Forest Glade (to the south). It contains many small streams, a large hill, a few open areas, and many large wooded areas. The park is a popular destination, along with its neighbouring park, Sandpoint Beach.
Sandpoint Beach and Stop 26.
Sandpoint Beach is Windsor's most popular and family friendly beach destination. It is located in the city's far east side on R
The beach is officially opened around the Victoria Day weekend in the month of May, through the Labour Day weekend in the month of September. This time frame also sees the Beach as being attended by lifeguards between the hours of 1:00PM and 7:00PM daily.
There is a newly paved, oversized parking lot that runs alongside the Ganatchio Trail, and both are located directly across the street from the beach itself. The parking lot contains ample parking for hundreds of vehicles, with free overflow lots located very close by.
Beachgoers and sunbathers of all ages attend this community park for some rest and relaxation and leisure time in general. It offers acres of sandy areas, grassy areas, treed areas, BBQ Areas, volleyball courts, a large totem pole, pavilion, restrooms, rinsing shower, drinking fountain, and a snack bar.
The beach portion of Sandpoint lies to the west of the totem pole, and is marked off from the shipping channel by floating markers. Swimming beyond this area is dangerous, as it is located very near a shipping channel and the currents and undertows that lie beyond the buoys are very strong. Stop 26 Beach is a grassier area that lies to the east and is unprotected. While Sandpoint Beach has lifeguards on hand, Stop 26 is generally unmanned, with signs in place cautioning people of the strong currents in the Detroit River and Lake Saint Clair.
Every Winter, Sandpoint Beach is home to the "Polar Bear Dip", a long-running tradition of beach-goers running into the freezing (and often ice-covered) lake and swimming briefly to raise money for charities, or for the local hospitals.
Lanspeary Park.
Another of Windsor's Crown Jewel parks, this is the oldest in the city, tied with Mic Mac Park (1917). It features a forest, play ground, open area, plaza, marquee, Outdoor icerink with a roof and even an open-air swimming pool for the public living in the Walkerville and Ottawa Street Village neighbourhoods in Downtown Windsor.
Optimist / Memorial Park.
Optimist / Memorial Park is located in the neighbourhood of Windsor, built in the Interbellum years (1918–1938). It is one of the larger parks, including many trails, a soccer field, a baseball field, and a small forest. It is connected via Parent Avenue (and then Shepperd Street) to the rest of the bike trails. The Memorial bike trail connects the park to the intersection of Walker and Grand Marais Roads, where the Windsor - Tecumseh Tornado of 1946 tore through the city.
Devonwood Conservation Area.
While situated in the city limits, this Conservation Area is actually maintained and run by ERCA, the Essex Region Conservation Authority. It is connected to the Devon subdivision (built in the mid-1980s, with expansion going on today) via the Devon Bike Path, linking it to Hall Farms Park and Walker Homesite Park.
Remington Booster Park.
A relatively new park, this park is situated in the centrally located Remington neighbourhood, both of which were built at the end of the 1980s. It contains a large open area, with a small narrow bike trail circling it, with an extension trailing east, through more parks and playgrounds. It is directly connected via bike route to Optimist/Memorial Park. A second bike trail also connects the Remington Booster Park to Langois Court Park, and further east to Southdale Park.
Willistead Park.
Willistead Park is located in the Walkerville neighbourhood, just east of downtown Windsor. The park contains the old Willistead Manor, a mansion built from 1904 to 1906 . Most of the houses that border the park across the streets are stylized in industrial revolution-England style, with rounded windows and row-houses with steep roofs. Every year, this park hosts "Art In The Park", in June, a large and very popular arts and crafts show.
West-End and Downtown parks.
The West End of Windsor has a few small to medium sized parks, such as the Bruce Avenue Park in the middle of Downtown, Wilson Park, with the Adie Knox-Herman Community Center (built in 1972), which contains a large indoor pool and meeting hall. Another park is the semi-developed South Cameron Woodlot, near a new subdivision in the middle of the West End. Kildare Park is located on Kildare Avenue, near the General Motors Transmission Plant, close to the newly re-built Factoria Park, along Factoria Avenue and includes part of a reclaimed abandoned rail line.
Mitchell Park on Giles Boulevard and Bruce Avenue is relatively large and also sees many residents visiting it. Nearby Wigle Park on Church Avenue is well-used, being in a central location (downtown).
Atkinson Park located on Riverside Dr. West and Bridge Ave. is a park. It contains an outdoor (seasonal) pool, an intermediate size soccer field and a skateboard park. A grassroots organization called Friends for Atkinson Park and Pool, an advocate for this park is working in partnership with the City of Windsor to bring amenities to the park. (see their website: www.friends4atkinson.com) Future additions to the park in the fall of 2006 - summer 2007 includes a 1/4 mile (~400 m) walkway, a boundary free play equipment and easier access into Atkinson pool...
Other parks.
Meadowbrook Park is right across the stream from the Little River Golf Course, and is the largest in the Forest Glade community.
Other large parks in the city include Realtor Park, A.K.O. Park, Milloy Park, Pykes Park and Polonia Park in the Pilette neighbourhood, Cora Greenwood Park, Lakeshore Woods and East Riverside Park in the far east end, and Derwent Park along the Little River (also called "Lauzon Park" on the eastern side of the river), near the Place Concorde center and the Forest Glade community.
The subdivision of Southwood Lakes has a few medium-sized parks as well. The nearest large parks are the Devonwood Conservation Area, Ojibway Park in southwest Windsor, and Oakwood Park, home of the Pulford/South Windsor Arena. Nearby, Curry Avenue Park and Central Park provide relaxation for residents in South Windsor. Shepherd Park is located on Shepherd Road, next to the Windsor Medical Center, and across the street from the Alphonsus Cemetery, which (if included with the neighbouring cemeteries) is the largest in the city.
In the Devon neighbourhood, the main parks are the Devonwood Conservation Area, Hall Farms Park, Walker Homesite Park, and Seymour Park (on Seymour Drive, and not connected by bike trail to the others).
Bike trails.
Introduction.
Other attractions in Windsor includes its shared-usage trail network, named the "Windsor Loop" (of which, all the trails are a part of) that circumnavigates around the entire city and connects to neighboring communities. The longest of the shared-usage trails in the network is the paved Roy A. Battagello River Walk, (built in the late 1960s, and upgraded/widened several times), stretching from west of the Ambassador Bridge to the historical Hiram Walker Distillery, a distance of around . The trail also connects to other trails leading to Ojibway Park and Ojibway Prairie Provincial Nature Reserve, Malden Park, Spring Garden ANSI (Area of Natural Scientific Interest) via signed bike routes, more shared-usage trails and dedicated bike lanes, starting along the riverfront in the Sandwich Towne Neighbourhood (Russell Street Neighbourhood Trail), via Brock, College, and Prince Streets, ending nearby to La Salle's bike trail network (the "LaSalle Trail" network including Brunet Park). The Riverwalk trail currently ends at George Avenue and Wyandotte Street, after splitting at Riverside Drive and Strabane Avenue, with a branch heading into Alexander Park. Another shared-usage section of the trail is the Ganatchio Trail, which is indirectly (and temporarily) linked to the Riverwalk trail by Wyandotte Street. The Ganatchio Trail travels along the east side of town, with a branch heading south towards Forest Glade. It starts at the corner of Lesperance Rd. and Riverside Dr. in Tecumseh and goes all the way to Wyandotte St. The two trails are projected to be linked together through extensions or new trails, as intended by City Council.
Wyandotte Street is not listed as an official Bike Route, but has many signs along it from the Ambassador Bridge to its terminus with Riverdale Street in the Villages of Riverside neighbourhood, saying "Share The Road: Bikes Belong", with a symbol of a car and a bike next to each other, as if it were a bike-lane road. This is supposedly to help City Council eventually lay bike lanes down to connect Ganatchio Trail to Riverwalk trail, and as a reminder for motorists, since Wyandotte Street is very busy with commercial AND residential traffic. Whenever University Street, Riverside Drive, or the Riverwalk trail are closed, Wyandotte is typically used as an alternate, and as a result, it is beyond capacity and it is heavily traveled for basically all of its length being a major east-west artery, despite going through the heart of downtown Windsor, and intersecting the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel Entrance at Goyeau Avenue.
The City of Windsor is slowly working towards connecting the Riverwalk to the Chrysler Canada Greenway with designated routes. The route starts at Parent Avenue, with some dedicated bike lanes and shared-usage trails, with the route signed to Devonwood Conservation Area and the Devonwood Bike Trail. There is a short ride west on Cabana Road to the dedicated southbound bike lanes on Holburn St. or simply ride directly south on 6th Concession. Turn east on North Talbot Road and after crossing Walker Road watch for the entrance to the Chrysler Canada Greenway.
The speed limit for major shared-usage trails is , unless posted otherwise, and or higher on Bike Lanes, matching the speed limit of the road the lanes are on.
Other bike trails.
The city also maintains numerous other bike trails, such as the Ganatchio Trail (built in 1971), its Little River Extension (connecting Forest Glade to Sandpoint Beach and Stop 26 park, built in 1996), and numerous bike lanes on city roads, and bike-friendly roads (signed with a green sign with a bike symbol, with "ROUTE" below). Another important bike trail is the Devonwood Bike Trail (built in the mid-1980s in stages, final extension completed around 1992), which runs through the Devon subdivision to the forest-covered Devonwood Conservation Area. It has been speculated that this could be a connection from the Riverfront Bike Trail, along the trails and Lanes along Parent Avenue, to the Chrysler Canada Greenway segment of the Trans Canada Trail, which runs to Ruthven, Ontario in Kingsville, Ontario, east of Leamington, Ontario. The Riverwalk trail has also seen TCT signs appear along its western segment from the Ambassador Bridge to Dieppe Gardens, and along the Peter Street Bike Route (where they meet at the University of Windsor), south along Brock Street and the College Avenue Bike Trail, down through Mic Mac and Malden Parks.
Further information.
Windsor City Council has repeatedly expressed its full intentions on completing the bike trail/bike lane network, linking all separate parts, and has started doing so by marking bike lanes on streets and building new trails. One main difficulty is how to link the Riverwalk trail (Ambassador Bridge to Hiram Walker's) to the Ganatchio Trail in the east end. One plan is to add Bike Lanes to Wyandotte Street until a bike trail can be constructed. Many of the trails are currently interconnected by low-traffic "Bike Friendly Routes", which are just quiet residential streets near bike trails and parks, and Bike Lanes, along busier main roads, with signs to denote bike lanes, their beginnings, and ends. The city claims to be preparing to link to the Chrysler Canada Greenway via the West Windsor Recreationway, linking to the La Salle Trail, and through the town of La Salle, Ontario to the Trans-Canada Trail.
Recently, the Windsor Star and a few of the Detroit television stations have reported the City of Detroit wanting to build a bike trail network similar to Windsor's, stretching from Hart Plaza, along the Renaissance Center, to Chene Park and Belle Isle, and even considering a ferry across the river for cyclists and pedestrians. The ferry idea has since stalled, and in light of recent security increases along the border (combined with the introduction of mandatory passports along the border), this probably will not happen for a long time, if ever.
One common sight on the Riverwalk trail is to see many people walking or riding bikes at the same time. The trail serves a dual purpose of exercise/recreation and commuting, since many people have chosen to use their bicycles instead of their cars (which has started to save the City of Windsor money in road repair costs). In the summer, the trail is so busy and so well-used, it can seem "congested" or "backed-up" at times, from all the pedestrians and cyclists.

</doc>
<doc id="5950129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950129" title="Peter J. De Muth">
Peter J. De Muth

Peter Joseph De Muth (January 1, 1892 – April 3, 1993) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Peter J. De Muth was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He received a B.S. from the Carnegie Institute of Technology in Pittsburgh, and worked as a civil engineer from 1914 until his enlistment in the United States Navy as a chief machinist mate on July 15, 1918. He returned to Pittsburgh and was employed as a sales manager from 1919 to 1922. He was engaged in the real estate business and as a building contractor in 1922.
De Muth was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fifth Congress. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1938. He resumed the real estate and building business in Pittsburgh until June 1949, when he moved to Los Angeles, California. He continued to work in the real estate, insurance, and building business, and was a resident of Laguna Hills, California, until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="5950132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950132" title="Vinegar Tom (play)">
Vinegar Tom (play)

Vinegar Tom is the title of a 1976 feminist play by British playwright Caryl Churchill. The play examines gender and power relationships through the lens of 17th century witchcraft trials in England. The script employs features of the epic theater associated with German playwright Bertolt Brecht, particularly the non-realistic use of songs. The play's title comes from the name of one character's pet cat, supposed to be her familiar spirit, likely inspired by the supposed imp of one Elizabeth Clarke, a woman tried and executed for witchcraft in Essex in 1645. The play was inspired by the Women's Rights Act in 1970 and explored the thought that women were treated unequally to men in England, both at the time in which the play takes place, and the time in which the play was written.
The play tells the story of Alice, who is in her twenties and living in a small village. Alice and her mother Joan are accused of witchcraft after an altercation with their neighbours, followed by several mishaps upon their neighbours' farm - supposedly the result of Joan's "witchcraft". It is later implied that Vinegar Tom, Joan's cat, may have been behind it all. The plot includes witchcraft, some slating of the Christian faith, and the oppression of women. It was written at the height of the second feminist movement in the 20th Century. Churchill, a highly influential feminist writer, uses this script to display how much control men have in society and how women have historically been treated as chattel, taught to be subservient to men. All of the songs are set in the present, rather than the time period of the play, and reflect, in one way or another, the gender and sexual discrimination present in society. Betty, one of the play's characters, is classed as mad or ill simply because she does not want to marry. The play also outlines society's rejection of people who do not conform to the mainstream, or who are "different".
Background Information.
'Vinegar Tom' was written by British playwright Caryl Churchill in 1976. Churchill collaborated with the feminist theatre company 'Monstrous Regiment' during the writing process, while completing work with another company 'Joint Stock'. Churchill and members from 'Monstrous Regiment' had met at a pro-choice protest march in the 1970s and quickly discovered that they were mutually interested in putting on a production about the social hardship of women in 17th century England and how marginalised women of this period, would often be branded as 'witches'.
Churchill and 'Monstrous Regiment' saw this moment in history as a useful vehicle, and parallel, for highlighting contemporary (late 20th century) attitudes towards women and so interspersed various scenes in the play with contemporary songs, to be sung in modern dress.The music for the songs was composed by Helen Glavin, a founder member of Monstrous Regiment, she also wrote the lyrics for "If you drown",one of the songs in the play. The group worked closely for several months on the development of "Vinegar Tom". On October 12, 1976, "Vinegar Tom" was presented for the first time at the Humberside Theatre, Hull, England. The original cast included:
The opening of the play shows a woman (Alice. The audience do not know her name yet), who is in her early 20s and a character named, simply, Man. Rather than individualising the character 'Man' by giving him a name, Churchill uses a shorthand, story-telling technique, as used by Brecht, in order to show a 'type' or 'archetype', to the audience. By 'distancing' the character in this way, the audience is more likely to think about the situation/issue (a man using a woman for sex/the issue of sin and punishment/withcraft) rather than become over-absorbed in who the characters are.

</doc>
<doc id="5950147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950147" title="Citrus High School">
Citrus High School

Citrus High School (CHS) is a public high school in the town of Inverness, Florida, United States. Citrus High currently offers a four year curriculum in grades 9-12, and currently has an enrollment of 1,500-1,700 students. The school was originally founded in 1911 and in 2011 is celebrating its 100th anniversary. Citrus High, nicknamed the Hurricanes, was the first of the three high schools in the Citrus County District, which also includes Crystal River High, in the coastal town of Crystal River and Lecanto High, located in the center of the county. Last year Citrus high was awarded an "A" school grade by the state of Florida, and is currently awaiting news of this year's status. As of the 2011-2012 school year Mr. Dale Johns is Citrus High's principal, with Dr. Linda Connors, Mrs. Teresa Alvarado, and Mr. Jonny Bishop serving as Assistant Principals.
History.
History
100 Year Anniversary.
CENTURY
Activities.
Sports.
SPORTS
Volleyball
Cheerleading
Dance
Basketball
Football
Wrestling
Golf
Swimming 
Cross Country 
Track & Field 
Soccer
Softball
Baseball
Weightlifting
Clubs.
ACTIVITIES
Biology Club
Paintball Club
Key Club (community services)
SWAT
SADD
Boys volleyball club
Fine Arts.
ARTS
Category 5 (a ccapella group 
Chamber Choir 
Chorus
Drama
Breez (singing group)
Photography
Adults of Citrus High.
Faculty.
STAFF
Notable Alumni.
GRADUATES
Kissy Simmons - Actress, Class of 1993
Shaina Moore - Future Leader of the Free World, Class of 2012
References.
The school's official website is http://www.citrus.k12.fl.us/chs/

</doc>
<doc id="5950153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950153" title="Right by Your Side">
Right by Your Side

"Right by Your Side" is a song by the British pop duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart, and produced by Stewart. The track was released as the second single in the UK from Eurythmics' third album "Touch".
"Right by Your Side" was something of a departure from previous Eurythmics songs, and is an uptempo love song which features a calypso music instrumental backdrop, complete with synthesized steel drum and marimba sounds and a horn section.
"Right by Your Side" became the fourth consecutive Eurythmics single to hit the Top 10 of the UK singles chart during 1983. It also climbed to number 29 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="5950154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950154" title="United States Deputy Secretary of Transportation">
United States Deputy Secretary of Transportation

The Deputy Secretary of Transportation, in the United States government, advises and assists the Secretary of Transportation in the supervision and direction of the Department of Transportation (DOT). The Deputy Secretary would succeed the Secretary in his absence, sickness, or unavailability.
The current Acting Deputy Secretary is Victor Mendez.

</doc>
<doc id="5950175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950175" title="Far Away (play)">
Far Away (play)

Far Away is a 2000 play by British playwright Caryl Churchill. The play has four characters: Harper, Young Joan, Joan, and Todd and is based on the premise of a world in which everything in nature is at war. It is published by Nick Hern Books
Plot summary.
Scene 1 begins in Harper's kitchen. It is late. Harper's niece (Young Joan) enters and claims that she can't sleep. After a few attempts by her aunt to get her back in bed, she tells Harper that she just came back in the house after climbing out her window to investigate a sound that she heard. Their conversation continues with Joan telling Harper that she just witnessed her uncle, Harper's husband, loading bloody children and other people into the back of a lorry. After repeated attempts to censor what Joan saw, Harper tells her that he is saving the children and taking them to a safer place. She tells Joan that she can never tell anyone about what she saw because it would put all of their lives in danger. Harper claims they are on the good side and are making the world a better place.
Scene 2 is roughly 15 years later in a factory where an adult Joan has just begun her professional career as a milliner. Her co-worker Todd is an established hatter and is experienced in the field. Throughout the scenes you see various days at the factory. The hats that Joan and Todd are making are in various stages of completeness, showing the passage of time.
"Day 1:" Todd and Joan exchange in basic conversion about this body of work, talking about their previous works. Todd says that the company has been pushing for hats to be created quicker for the parades, stating that they used to have 2 weeks to finish a hat but now they only have 1.
"Day 2:" Joan and Todd learn more about each other including a discussion about their current hat designs. Todd brings up a hypothesis that the way the company gets contracts is corrupt, claiming there is a certain person's brother-in-law that is involved. Joan wants to know more, but Todd doesn't want to talk about it at work. Joan changes the topic to not liking to watch the trials at night. Todd says he watches them every night.
"Day 3:" Todd and Joan speak about different hat genres (Animal and Abstract). Joan changes the subject and asks why Todd doesn't do something (regarding the corruption). He says he spends days wondering what he should do.
"Day 4:" Joan and Todd complement each other on their almost completed hats. Todd claims he is going to talk to "him" (someone working above Todd). He claims that he is going to talk about the brother-in-law and hint at the possibility of leaking information to a friend of his who is a journalist. He claims that if he lost his job, he'd miss her.
Scene 3 shows the completed hats of Todd and Joan on the heads of prisoners being marched to have the hats "judged".
Scene 4 returns to the factory. Joan states that she can't believe that she won. She doesn't understand why more aren't kept, and claims that they could be re-used. Todd says that keeping more hats would put them out of work. Joan thinks it is sad that all the hats are burned with the bodies. Todd says that the hats are metaphorical for life. He is not bothered that only 3 out of nearly 300 hats that he has made it to the museum. He loves making beauty that disappears. Todd brings up his meeting with "him". "He" said, "These things must be thought about". Todd wonders if "he" was talking about the content of their meeting, or if he should fire Todd. Joan reminds Todd about the journalist he knows. Joan hypothesizes that the whole industry is corrupt. She says that if Todd is fired, she will resign. Todd almost tells Joan that he loves her, but quickly changes to saying that he loves beads.
Scene 5 finds Harper and Todd at Harper's house waiting for Joan to return. They discuss the paranoia caused by not knowing what side various aspects of nature is on. They are very worried about Joan who eventually returns in a very frazzled state. She delivers a monologue about her fear of every natural thing on her journey (a stream, horses, light, and dark). She does not know whose side of the war they are on.
Theme.
The main theme of "Far Away" is fear. More specifically, the fear imposed by a government upon its citizens. This fear permeates the work from the smuggling of people by Joan's uncle to the public march of death for prisoners of the government.
The theme is brought to its climax in Joan's final monologue where she describes being so afraid of the duality created by the propaganda of this new world that she has trouble walking home because she can't tell whose side a stream is on, or the grass, or the flies, etc.
Production history.
"Far Away" was first produced at the Royal Court Theatre Upstairs in London in November/December 2000.
A production of "Far Away" ran at New York Theatre Workshop in New York City from November 11, 2002 to January 18, 2003. The production was nominated for the 2003 Lucille Lortel Awards for Outstanding Costume Design and Outstanding Sound Design.
Gustavus Adolphus College ran the show for 2 weekends from October 30, 2009 to November 7, 2009. It was performed preceding another one of Caryl Churchill's plays Seven Jewish Children, as well as a response to this play called Seven Palestinian Children by Deb Margolin.
The play was performed at the Theatre Royal at the Bristol Old Vic from 24 May to 9 June 2010. It was directed by Simon Godwin, and starred Annette Badland, Tristan Sturrock and Cara Horgan.

</doc>
<doc id="5950187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950187" title="Spare Parts (album)">
Spare Parts (album)

Spare Parts is the second album by the English rock band Status Quo, and the final one in the psychedelic vein. It is also the first in which the group's roadie Bob Young began writing and co-writing songs for and with the band.
The album covers a song written by Carole King and Gerry Goffin, "You're Just What I Was Looking for Today".
Only one song was slated for a single release. This was the Anthony King written song "Are You Growing Tired of My Love", backed with the Alan Lancaster composition "So Ends Another Life". Released in April 1969 it reached no. 46 in UK singles charts.
The album was released in September 1969 but wasn't a commercial success.
Following the disappointment of the album, the band released a non-album single - the Everly Brothers' "The Price of Love", also released in September 1969, with the Francis Rossi & Rick Parfitt composition "Little Miss Nothing" as the b-side.

</doc>
<doc id="5950189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950189" title="Real Detroit Weekly">
Real Detroit Weekly

Real Detroit Weekly (often called just Real Detroit) was a weekly newspaper distributed free of charge every Wednesday from 1999 to 2014, that focused mainly on entertainment news from metro Detroit. It had a proportion of advertisements similar to the "Metro Times" (and even some of the same advertisers). Both publications were usually available at the same establishments. In May 2014, "Real Detroit Weekly" merged with the "Detroit Metro Times."

</doc>
<doc id="5950197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950197" title="Carlos de la Garza">
Carlos de la Garza

Carlos de la Garza is a Los Angeles based record producer, engineer, composer and multi-instrumentalist. He began his career as a drummer in the 1990s for numerous southern California rock and alternative bands before starting a career in the recording industry in 2001. He performed for ska band Reel Big Fish from 1999-2003, appearing on their fourth studio album, "Cheer Up!".
In early 2003, de la Garza worked as an assistant engineer at Capitol Recording Studios in Hollywood, California where he worked alongside artists such as Green Day, Oasis, Gwen Stefani, Beyoncé, Diana Krall, and John Mayer, among others, and was credited in the Grammy and Academy Award nominated soundtrack to the critically acclaimed feature film "Good Night, and Good Luck."
In 2005, he founded Music Friends Recording Studios in Eagle Rock, California. Working with acclaimed producer Mark Trombino (Blink-182, Jimmy Eat World, Drive Like Jehu) he was able to provide engineering duties on records by Steel Train, Hit The Lights, The Audition, Valencia, and Silverstein. His own production and/or engineering/mix credits include Travis, Alkaline Trio, Sugarcult, This Century (Warner Bros), Shoreline's End (Mercury), The Colourist's forthcoming "S/T" (Universal/Republic), Neon Trees' "Habits" and "Picture Show" (Mercury), Tegan and Sara's "Heartthrob" (Warner Bros.), and the newest "S/T" by renowned rock mainstay Paramore (Atlantic/Fueled by Ramen), which debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart in April 2013. He commenced engineering to the Young the Giant's second studio album, "Mind over Matter".
Other artists who have recorded and/or mixed at Music Friends include Finch, Jason Falkner, Moving Units, Ke$ha, Josh Groban, Will Ferrell, John C. Reilly, and Michael K. Williams. He has also composed music extensively for television, feature film trailers, and commercials including trailers for the Fox Searchlight feature "Notorious", the Miramax feature "Youth in Revolt", and the Lionsgate feature "Friends With Kids".
He currently resides in Eagle Rock with his wife Angelyn and their two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="5950212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950212" title="Jonathan Crane">
Jonathan Crane

Jonathan or John Crane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5950216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950216" title="Landing Ship Medium">
Landing Ship Medium

Landing Ship Medium were amphibious assault ships of the United States Navy in the World War II.
Of comparable size to Landing Ship, Tank and the Landing Craft, Infantry, there were 558 LSM (Landing Ship, Medium) made for the USN between 1944 and 1945. The majority of vessels built on this versatile frame were regular transports however there were several dozen that were converted during construction for specialized roles. Most vessels of this type were scrapped during the Cold War, but several were sold by the United States Department of Defense to foreign nations or private shipping companies.
Only one LSM, USS LSM-45 is known to still exist in its original configuration. It is in storage at Marine Station Camp Lejeune in Jacksonville, NC. It was slated to become the centerpiece of the Museum of the Marine, but due to changed plans, is now in danger of being scrapped or sunk as an artificial reef.

</doc>
<doc id="5950217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950217" title="Riverton High School (Utah)">
Riverton High School (Utah)

Riverton High School (RHS) is a public high school in the state of Utah. Located in the southwest corner of the Salt Lake Valley in the Jordan School District, it is also the largest high school in the state, serving 1,978 students from the cities of Riverton and Bluffdale.
History.
In the 1990s, Jordan School District experienced a population growth in the southwest area of its boundaries, creating overcrowded schools, particularly at Bingham High School. Plans were created to accommodate a higher student population in the Riverton, Herriman,and Bluffdale areas. Construction started on Riverton High School in 1997 and was completed in 1999, though a few of its components would not be completed till 2000. Through the first year of the school, the school experienced major adjustments, since most of the students came from Bingham High School and were used to its culture, and had very few student resources and programs. This was dealt with after 2000, with the creation of Silver Rush and other social programs, which included an Honor's Society and the creation of Skills USA. By 2002, as many as 15 programs were created by teachers and the administration to help improve student scores and involvement. As the school progressed through the years between 2003–2005, the school's sport sector was becoming a powerhouse in the region, its education sector was improving dramatically by 50%, and with the change of staff through a short period, it was constantly changing laws to help the school's image in the district. In 2005-2006, the school experience a dramatic jump in school suicides, which created a great concern for Jordan School District. With the support of the administration and staff, Hope squad was created being the first social support program in school history. Many other programs were added after 2006, this includes the attendance policy that was created in 2006, and the P.A.C.K program in 2008 (P.A.C.K. has been removed for the 2011 school year). Riverton saw a significant improvement during the year of 2006-2008 in education and athletics, becoming one of the best schools in the state in 2007.
In 2010 Both the Riverton Boys and Girls Track and Field teams won the Utah State 5A Championships. This was the first state title for the boys and the second state title for the girls.
Student Body Officer Election.
Riverton High school's elections are determined by a majority vote from the student body and from teachers. The positions of President, Communications, Finance, Student Recognition, and Activities are all determined by a majority vote from the student body. Technology, Historian, and Artist are positions determined by the officers elected by the student body. These three positions are to inspire students to progress in these areas and to promote these fields to students around them. All these positions represent different departments within the school. Each of these fields is determined by the candidate's popularity among students and how they present themselves in public. The entire process of elections lasts until the results are announced a month after the campaigning begins.
School's Charity Programs (Silver Rush).
Silver Rush is the school's annual charity drive that focuses on improving surrounding communities ever since it was promoted by the first principal, Mr. "Scooter" in 1999. The school created this program to help students realize and experience what they can do to help others.
School's Student Support Programs.
The Hope Squad was formed in the wake of the 2005-2006 school year, in which five students died (each in a separate incident), including two suicides. Its basic duty is to solve social problems and try to prevent crime and mortality rates in a stressful school environment. Hope Squad has been successful in recent years, creating new programs to benefit students. The group still continues to this day, becoming one of the most successful student programs in the state of Utah.
Test scores.
The ACT includes testing in the areas of Math, Science, Reading and English. Scale scores range from 1 (low) to 36 (high) for each of the four tests and for the Composite. The Composite score is the average of the four test scores, rounded to the nearest whole number.
Advanced Placement Test (AP)
Advanced Placement classes are college-level classes offered at the high school campus. Advanced Placement is a national program administered by the College Board. Many colleges and universities around the nation award credit based on scores from the AP Exams.
Extracurricular Activities.
Riverton High School maintains a highly successful band program, choir program, drama program, and athletics program. The RHS music and drama departments consistently take region and state titles in their respective divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="5950221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950221" title="Reviews in American History">
Reviews in American History

Reviews in American History is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1973 and published by the Johns Hopkins University Press. It publishes reviews of new books on the topic of American history, as well as retrospectives on influential titles of the past. All areas of American history, including political, military, economic, gender, religious, social, cultural, legal, intellectual, artistic, and philosophical, are covered. The current editor-in-chief is Thomas P. Slaughter of the University of Rochester.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="5950231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950231" title="Clam Pond">
Clam Pond

Clam Pond is a small cove in the Great South Bay, on the north side of Fire Island in Suffolk County, New York. It is a popular spot for kayaking and small boat sailing.

</doc>
<doc id="5950238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950238" title="Karen Cliche">
Karen Cliche

Karen Cliche (; born July 22, 1976) is a Canadian actress. She's best known for her roles as a regular on the TV series "Vampire High", "Adventure Inc.", "Mutant X", "Young Blades", and "Flash Gordon".
She is married to Brian Mellersh since September 24, 2005. They have a daughter, born in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5950249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950249" title="Luz Sapag">
Luz Sapag

Luz María Sapag (June 15, 1944 – July 7, 2010) was an Argentine politician, Mayor of the city of San Martín de los Andes and formerly a Senator representing the Neuquén Province under the aegis of the Neuquino People's Movement. 
Sapag was born in Cutral Có, Neuquén. She was a member of the influential Arab Argentine Sapag family – daughter of Elías Sapag, a senator; niece of Felipe Sapag, five-time governor of Neuquén; and sister to Jorge Sapag, governor of Neuquén from 2007.
She became secretary of government of the municipality of San Martín de los Andes in 1987, and in 1991 became Mayor of the city. She was re-elected in 1995, and in 1999 was elected to the Provincial Legislature.
Luz Sapag was elected to the Senate in 2001, and later served as president of the Environmental Committee. In June 2006, prosecutors in Neuquén asked the Argentine Congress to lift her immunity so that she could face trial for abuse of office whilst Mayor of San Martín de los Andes. 
In June 2007 she was re-elected Mayor of San Martín de los Andes and stepped down from the Senate.
Sapag died in a road accident in San Martín de los Andes in the morning of July 7, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5950259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950259" title="Harry Kelley (rower)">
Harry Kelley (rower)

Harry Kelley (1832–1914) was a famous professional oarsman on the Thames. He became the Tyne, Thames, English and World Sculling Champion, a title he won four times.
Sculling career.
The son of Jack Kelley, another Thames waterman, Kelley's first Championship win was in 1857, when he beat James Messenger for the Championship of England. Kelley's technical abilities in a boat soon got him noticed and he was regularly referred to as the best waterman the Thames ever produced, either as an oarsman or as a judge of rowing.
World Champion.
Before 1876, the English Sculling Championship was considered to be the premier event in professional sculling. In 1876, the English Title gained the World status and earlier winners were retrospectively given the title of World Champion.
Kelley first won the World Championship by beating the holder, James Messenger, on 12 May 1857. He lost it to Robert Chambers (oarsman) on the 20 Sept 1859. Chambers had several defences of the Title before Kelley challenged again. The race was on the 8 August 1865 and Kelley won. James Hamill was the American Champion and he challenged Kelley to two races, only one of which was a Championship race. They were held in England in July 1866. Kelley won both of them and he shortly after announced his retirement. Chambers later retook the Title in an open race.
Kelley came out of retirement in 1867 and again challenged Chambers to a match. This race was on the 6 May 1868 with the result that Kelley was again World Champion. He finally lost the Title to James Renforth in a race on the 17 November 1868.
For details of the six World Title races that Kelley was involved in see World Sculling Championship.
Renforth.
Kelley was one of the celebrated English crew which visited America in 1871 with the then champion James Renforth. During a race against a St John's crew on Aug 23 1871, Renforth collapsed and eventually died in Kelley's arms.
A memorial sculpture, erected by public subscription showing the dying figure of Renforth in the arms of Kelley now stands outside Shipley Art Gallery in Gateshead.
Kelley continued to row and on the 5th November 1877 he raced Joseph Sadler over the Putney to Mortlake course for a stake of £400. After an even start Sadler went ahead and was never passed. His time was 24m.02s. After the race Kelley rowed over to Sadler and shook hands to the cheers of the onlookers. After finally retiring from competitive rowing, Kelley went on to act as a steer and trainer for a number of crews and scullers. He steered Australian Edward Trickett against Canadian Ned Hanlan during their race for the World Champion title on the Thames. He was still busy coaching F L Playford for the amateur championship in 1879 and steered the umpire for the Oxford Cambridge Boat Race on a number of occasions.
He died at his home in Fulham in 1914 aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="5950265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950265" title="Adam Riess">
Adam Riess

Adam Guy Riess (born 16 December 1969) is an American astrophysicist at The Johns Hopkins University and the Space Telescope Science Institute and is known for his research in using supernovae as cosmological probes. Riess shared both the 2006 Shaw Prize in Astronomy and the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics with Saul Perlmutter and Brian P. Schmidt for providing evidence that the expansion of the universe is accelerating.
Family.
Riess was born in Washington, D.C., one of three children. He grew up in Warren, New Jersey, where his father (Naval engineer Michael Riess) owned a frozen-foods distribution company, Bistro International, and his mother (Doris Riess) worked as a clinical psychologist. Michael Riess (1931–2007) immigrated to the United States with his parents (journalist, war correspondent and author Curt Riess and Ilse Posnansky) from Germany on the ship SS Europa (1928) in 1936. Adam Riess has two sisters— Gail Saltz, a psychiatrist, and Holly Hagerman, an artist. Riess married Nancy Joy Schondorf in 1998.
Education.
He attended Watchung Hills Regional High School, graduating in the class of 1988. He also attended the prestigious New Jersey Governor's School in the Sciences in 1987. Riess then graduated from The Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1992 where he was a member of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity. He received his PhD from Harvard University in 1996; it resulted in measurements of over twenty new type Ia supernovae and a method to make Type Ia supernovae into accurate distance indicators by correcting for intervening dust and intrinsic inhomogeneities. Riess' PhD thesis was supervised by Robert Kirshner, and won the Robert J. Trumpler Award in 1999 for PhD theses of unusual importance to astronomy.
Work.
Riess was a Miller Fellow at the University of California, Berkeley, before moving on to the Space Telescope Science Institute in 1999. He took up his current position at Johns Hopkins University in 2005. He also sits on the selection committee for the Astronomy award, given under the auspices of the Shaw Prize.
Riess jointly led the study with Brian Schmidt in 1998 for the High-z Supernova Search Team which first reported evidence that the Universe's expansion rate is now accelerating through monitoring of Type 1a Supernovas. The team's observations were contrary to the current theory that the expansion of the universe was slowing down; instead, by monitoring the color shifts in the light from supernovas from Earth, they discovered that these billion-year old novae were still accelerating. This result was also found nearly simultaneously by the Supernova Cosmology Project, led by Saul Perlmutter. The corroborating evidence between the two competing studies led to the acceptance of the accelerating universe theory, and initiated new research to understand the nature of the universe, such as the existence of dark energy. The discovery of the accelerating universe was named 'Breakthrough of the Year' by Science Magazine in 1998, and Riess was jointly awarded the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics along with Schmidt and Perlmutter for their groundbreaking work.
Riess leads the Higher-Z SN Search program which uses the Hubble Space Telescope to discover the most distant supernovae yet seen by humankind. His team has traced the Universe's expansion back more than 10 billion light years. The key finding has been the detection of an early phase of decelerating expansion causing the most distant supernovae to look relatively brighter and thus disfavoring significant astrophysical dimming of supernovae. This result thus confirms the dark energy-dark matter model as perceived from supernovae.
Awards.
Riess received the Astronomical Society of the Pacific's Robert J. Trumpler Award in 1999 and Harvard University's Bok Prize in 2001. He won the American Astronomical Society's Helen B. Warner Prize in 2003 and the Raymond and Beverly Sackler Prize in 2004 for the discovery of cosmic acceleration.
In 2006, he shared the $1 million Shaw Prize in Astronomy with Saul Perlmutter and Brian P. Schmidt for contributions to the discovery of the acceleration of the universe.
Schmidt and all the members of the High-Z Team (as defined by the co-authors of Riess et al. 1998) shared the 2007 Gruber Cosmology Prize, a $500,000 award, with the Supernova Cosmology Project (the set defined by the co-authors of Perlmutter et al. 1999) for their discovery of the accelerating expansion of the universe. Riess was the winner of MacArthur "Genius" Grant in 2008. He was also elected in 2009 to the National Academy of Sciences.
Along with Perlmutter and Schmidt, he was awarded the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics for his contributions to the discovery of the acceleration of the expansion of the universe.
Media appearances.
Riess participated on the NPR radio quiz program "Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!" in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5950268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950268" title="Seán Hillen">
Seán Hillen

Seán Hillen (born 1961 in Ireland) is an artist whose work includes collages and the creative use of photographs.
Early life.
Hillen was raised in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland. He studied at the Belfast College of Art. In 1982, he traveled to London to continue his studies at the London College of Printing, and then at the Slade School of Fine Art.
Early work.
Hillen traveled back and forth between Ireland and England over the course of several years. He photographed scenes related to the conflict in Northern Ireland. He later incorporated these photographs into photomontage work. Eventually, he began to take photographs with the photomontage as his priority.
In 2011 the National Library of Ireland Photographic Archive acquired those c.700 photographs from Hillen which will be held as a permanently as The Seán Hillen Collection, in posterity. They were exhibited in 2012 at the Photographic Archive and 17,000 people attended. 
The photos were acquired as 35mm negatives and high-resolution scans.
Many of these photomontages have lengthy, comical titles such as “Sr. Faustina Appears In London Newry, Miraculously Preventing The Illegal Photography Of Members Of The Security Forces...”. His works on Northern Ireland were published, appearing on the covers of "Creative Camera" and the "Royal Photographic Journal". Taking photos of the Security Forces was, and is, technically illegal. Hillen often pretended to be part of the press or “just an innocent art student”.
"Irelantis".
In 1993, Hillen returned to Ireland. Between 1994 and 1997, he created a new body of work entitled "Irelantis". The "Irelantis" series is a collection of scalpel-and-glue collages. They are a bizarre hybrid of the everyday postcard visuals, mixed with a fantastical other world. Most of these highly decorative collages, showing landmarks from around Ireland, are no bigger than a postcard.
These works are partly influenced by the famous picture postcards of John Hinde. Hillen adapts these nostalgic images, juxtaposing the familiar touristic shots to create an altogether different and complex image.
The "Irelantis" series celebrates the imagery of Ireland. Hillen illustrates places such as Newgrange, The Cliffs of Moher, Trinity College and O'Connell Street.
In addition to John Hinde, Hillen has been influenced by many other artists, including the great photomontage artist John Heartfield. This influence can be seen especially in Hillen's more political montages of the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
Other works.
Hillen has worked in other media and art forms, including sculpture, video, illustration, performance, stage and graphic design.
His later activities include photo series such as the ongoing "Untitled Broken Umbrella Project", which consists of hundreds of photos of broken umbrellas around Dublin.
In 2007 Hillen won, with landscape architect Desmond Fitzgerald, the design competition for an Omagh Bomb Omagh bomb Memorial.
Hillen now lives and works in Dublin.
Further reading.
• Sean Hillen: "Irelantis" Paper Collages. Irelantis Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="5950269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950269" title="Karen Hanton">
Karen Hanton

Karen Hanton MBE is a British entrepreneur formerly founder and Chairman of Toptable, a restaurant booking enterprise in the United Kingdom. 
Hanton is a native of northeast Scotland, but moved to London soon after her Highers. She pursued a career in training and human resources, but at age 29 founded the IT staffing firm Mortimer Spinks. After selling the company to FTSE 250 Executive Search firm Harvey Nash in 1997, she bought and staffed a restaurant business in Fulham, which in 1998 inspired her to found Toptable.
She owned just under half of the company's shares.
The company became profitable in 2005, after surviving years in the red, which Hanton attributes to the rise in consumer broadband accessibility.
At the 2005 Institute of Business Advisers Annual Conference, Hanton presented closing remarks about the four principles of successful of business management to which she ascribes: "keep it simple, have clear objectives, don’t confuse reasons with excuses and be prepared to tweak your ideas."
toptable.com was sold to Nasdaq listed Opentable.com in 2010 for $55m.
She is currently an Investment Partner at ProfoundersCapital and investor in JustAddRed, where her investments include Hire Space and Pets Pyjamas
Awards.
Hanton has received significant public recognition including:
She was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2010 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="5950271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950271" title="Armfelt">
Armfelt

Armfelt is a Swedish noble family and Finnish noble family. Members of this family include Count Gustaf Mauritz Armfelt (1757–1814), a general, courtier and diplomat, and his granddaughter, Alexandra Zheleznova-Armfelt (1870–1933), a composer and collector of Russian folk music.

</doc>
<doc id="5950276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950276" title="Aerostatics">
Aerostatics

Aerostatics is the study of gases that are not in motion. The corresponding study of gases in motion is called aerodynamics. It is a subfield of fluid statics.
Aerostatics studies density allocation, especially in air. One of the applications of this is the barometric formula.
An aerostat is a lighter than air craft, such as an airship or balloon, which uses the principles of aerostatics to float.

</doc>
<doc id="5950280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950280" title="Community of place">
Community of place

A community of place or place-based community is a community of people who are bound together because of "where" they reside, work, visit or otherwise spend a continuous portion of their time. Such a community can be a neighborhood, town, coffeehouse, workplace, gathering place, public space or any other geographically specific place that a number of people share, have in common or visit frequently. 

</doc>
<doc id="5950283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950283" title="Jack Renner (golfer)">
Jack Renner (golfer)

Jack Renner (born July 6, 1956) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour from 1977–1988, and on the Champions Tour from 2006–2007.
Renner was born in Palm Springs, California. While in high school at the age of 17, he won the U.S. Junior Amateur. He attended the College of the Desert in Palm Desert, California. He turned pro in 1976 and joined the PGA Tour in 1977. 
Renner had three PGA Tour event wins during that phase of his career. His first win was at the 1979 Manufacturers Hanover Westchester Classic. In 1981, he earned his second Tour victory at the Pleasant Valley Jimmy Fund Classic. His last win came at the 1984 Hawaiian Open. He had 53 top-10 finishes including over a dozen 2nd or 3rd place finishes in his PGA Tour career. His best finish in a major was T9 at the 1985 U.S. Open.
After his PGA Tour days were over, Renner played some on the Nationwide Tour. His best finish in that venue is a T-22 at the 1993 NIKE Utah Classic. He turned 50 in July 2006 and made his debut on the Champions Tour at the U.S. Senior Open.
Renner was known for his outstanding short game. He has a sister (Jane) who played on the LPGA Tour and a brother (Jim). He lives in San Diego, California.
PGA Tour wins.
PGA Tour playoff record (1-0)

</doc>
<doc id="5950284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950284" title="Christii fly">
Christii fly

The Christii fly ("Ectaetia christii") is a fly species named after the late Iain Christie, a farmer and amateur entomologist from Dunbartonshire. It measures 2 mm ( in) long and is black in colour. Christii flies live under the bark of smaller branches or twigs of dead aspen trees.
Discovery.
Iain Christie originally discovered the Christii fly with several others in the late 1980s, but the fly was not recognised as a new species until 1997, during a survey of the flora and fauna of the Cairngorms. The research was conducted for the book "The Nature Of The Cairngorms", which includes 223 species mainly found there and 1,153 further species for which the Cairngorms are nationally noted. Graham Rotheray of the Museum of Scotland and Dave Horsfield of Scottish Natural Heritage found the Christii fly under the bark of a decaying aspen tree near Grantown-on-Spey. Since then, it has been found in Norway and two or three more times in the Cairngorms.
Rotheray described the Christii fly as "a superb example of a boreal species which has lain undiscovered in Scotland for thousands of years" and "a specialist species which adapted and probably came north with the retreat of the ice". He also believed the fly to be a relict from the ice age.

</doc>
<doc id="5950286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950286" title="The Cricket Match">
The Cricket Match

The Cricket Match may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5950289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950289" title="Movement for European Reform">
Movement for European Reform

The Movement for European Reform, abbreviated to MER, was a pan-European alliance of national centre-right political parties with conservative, pro-free market and Eurosceptic inclinations. It consisted of the Conservative Party of the United Kingdom and the Civic Democratic Party of the Czech Republic.
Founded on 13 July 2006, MER was created as a precursor to the Alliance of European Conservatives and Reformists (AECR) and European Conservatives and Reformists (ECR), a political group in the European Parliament that was launched in June 2009 following European elections. Its operations folded into the ECR and the AECR later that year.
History.
MER was formed as an interim measure to function outside the European Parliament until a new group could be formed within it after the 2009 elections. Until then, its MEPs continued as members of the now-dissolved ED subgroup within the broader EPP-ED group.
Since its launch, it was unclear as to whether the MER would remain a simple pan-European alliance or apply for official recognition as a "political party at European level" (sometimes called a "Europarty"). The body's founding statement expressly offered membership to parties from non-EU member states, a characteristic of other Europarties, and its commitment to fight the 2009 election together suggested an appetite for recognition.
After the 2009 European election, members of the MER initiated the European Conservatives and Reformists Group, a new political group in the European Parliament.
The MER website stopped being updated in 2007 and, in June 2009, the British Conservative Shadow Foreign Secretary William Hague said that the MER's aims and activities would be folded into the new European Parliamentary group.
Ideology.
MER's position was that the European Union should exist; however, it should be a looser supranational organisation than the current structure. This makes it more Eurosceptic than the three major European-level political movements (the European People's Party, Party of European Socialists and European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party), but less Eurosceptic than formations such as the Europe of Freedom and Democracy, the successor to the Independence and Democracy group in the European Parliament.
Members.
Members of MER were:
In the first week of March 2007, under Petar Stoyanov, the Bulgarian Union of Democratic Forces (UDF) decided to join. A day after the UDF's announcement, the Presidency of the European People's Party (EPP) recommended that UDF be suspended from the EPP. The President of the EPP Wilfried Martens justified the suspension, arguing that:
In mid April 2007, the UDF backtracked and stated that it remained loyal to the EPP and that it would never leave the EPP section of the EPP-ED Group to join another Group. A month later, in the first-ever elections for the European Parliament in Bulgaria (20 May 2007) the UDF failed to elect any seats. As a result, Petar Stoyanov - who was accused by his critics of making poor decisions during the campaign, including the MER choice - resigned as UDF leader. In September 2007, the UDF formally withdrew from the MER and re-affirmed its membership with the EPP.

</doc>
<doc id="5950296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950296" title="Melissa Claire Egan">
Melissa Claire Egan

Melissa Claire Egan (born September 28, 1981 in Pound Ridge, New York) is an American actress, best known for her roles as Annie Lavery on "All My Children" and Chelsea Lawson on "The Young and the Restless".
Personal life.
Egan is a middle child, with two brothers, Ryan and Scott. She became engaged to Matt Katrosar in February 2013. Egan graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a BA in Dramatic Art.
Career.
She has guest-starred on such television series as "Dawson's Creek" and "One Tree Hill". Her debut film role was as Ali Court in the 2005 movie, "Wrestling". On July 10, 2006, she debuted on the daytime soap opera "All My Children" as runaway mother Annie Novak Chandler. Coincidentally, one of her first acting appearances was on "All My Children" at age 12, playing an extra.
Egan guest starred as an exotic dancer on the CBS primetime drama "Criminal Minds" on November 3, 2010.
On January 20, 2011, a statement was released on her Facebook page that she has decided to leave All My Children: "After 4 and a half incredible years as a member of the All My Children cast, I have made the extremely difficult decision to leave the Pine Valley family that I have come to love and respect so much."
Egan returned to All My Children for a three episode arc to wrap up Annie's storyline with Ryan Lavery and Emma Lavery which culminated on August 5, 2011.
On October 3, 2011, it was announced that Egan would join "The Young and the Restless" as a mystery woman, Chelsea Lawson, involved in Billy Abbott's arrest in Myanmar. Her first airdate was November 11, 2011. Ironically, the actor who portrayed Billy Abbott, Billy Miller, acted alongside Egan on "All My Children".
On June 7, 2012, Melissa played the role of Milo's date Jessica on the new TBS sitcom "Men at Work".
Egan has served as a celebrity spokesperson for Proactiv Solution along with former AMC co-star Chrishell Stause.

</doc>
<doc id="5950301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950301" title="Ballinluig">
Ballinluig

Ballinluig (Gaelic: "Baile an Luig") is a village in Perth and Kinross, Scotland, with a population of approximately 240 . It lies on the banks of the River Tummel and is approximately 4 miles south-east of Pitlochry. It developed with the building of the Highland Railway, and sat where a branch line went off to Aberfeldy, both the branch line and Ballinluig station were closed in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="5950316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950316" title="Roberto Payró">
Roberto Payró

Roberto Jorge Payró (Mercedes, Buenos Aires, April 19, 1867–Lomas de Zamora, April 8, 1928) was an Argentine writer and journalist. 
Payró founded the newspaper "La Tribuna" in the city of Bahía Blanca, where he published his first newspaper articles. He then moved to the city of Buenos Aires where he worked as an editor at the newspaper "La Nación". During this time he had the opportunity of frequently traveling both inside and outside of Argentina. 
In 1895, he published a compilation of his articles in the book "Los italianos en la Argentina" ("The Italians in Argentina"). His diaries of travel and impressions gave rise to his novels: "La Australia Argentina (Excursión periodística a las costas patagónicas)" ("Southern Argentina – a Journalist’s Excursion to the Shores of Patagonia"); "Tierra del Fuego e Islas de los Estados" ("The Land of Fire and Islands of the States"); and "En las tierras del Inti" ("In the Lands of the Inti"). He also wrote for "Caras y Caretas", the literary Journal of Fray mocho.
Payró was a correspondent in Europe during the First World War. 
He participated fervently in meetings with other socialist writers including Leopoldo Lugones, José Ingenieros and Ernesto de la Cárcova.
In Payró's novels one can appreciate the unique ironic language style of the period. He utilized typical people and related common situations, showing the lives of the Italian immigrants ('the feisty creoles'). In his "Divertidas aventuras del nieto de Juan Moreira" ("Amusing Adventures of the Grandson of Juan Moreira") he tells the story of a provincial and his political career.
He also wrote historical novels such as "El falso Inca, una serie de cuentos publicados bajo el nombre de Pago Chico" ("The False Inca, a series of accounts published under the name of Pago Chico"). A posthumous work, "Nuevos cuentos de Pago Chico" ("New Tales of Pago Chico"), was published the year following his death.

</doc>
<doc id="5950330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950330" title="Theodore L. Moritz">
Theodore L. Moritz

Theodore Leo Moritz (February 10, 1892 – March 13, 1982) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
He was born in Toledo, Ohio. He graduated from St. Mary’s Institute in Dayton, Ohio, in 1913, and the University of Dayton in 1919. He attended the law department of the Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, from 1920 to 1923. He was engaged as a teacher in parochial schools in Dayton from 1910 to 1913, in Cleveland, Ohio, from 1913 to 1916, and in the Duquesne University Prep School in Pittsburgh from 1918 to 1923. He was admitted to the bar in 1924 and commenced practice in Pittsburgh in 1925. He served as secretary to the Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1933 to 1935.
Moritz was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fourth Congress. He did not seek renomination as a Democrat, but was an unsuccessful candidate for nomination as a Republican and ran for reelection as an Independent candidate in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="5950334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950334" title="CISAC">
CISAC

CISAC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5950344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950344" title="Ma Kelly's Greasy Spoon">
Ma Kelly's Greasy Spoon

"Ma Kelly's Greasy Spoon" is the third album by English rock band Status Quo. It was the first album by the band to leave behind their early psychedelic sound and begin experimenting with the hard rock style which remains their signature sound, as well as the last album to feature keyboardist Roy Lynes. The new album was released in August 1970, and failed to chart. 
The band began experimenting with the new sound when they hired Australian singer-songwriter Carl Groszmann to write a song for them. The song became 'Down the Dustpipe', which was released as a non-album single in March 1970, with the Rossi/Parfitt song 'Face Without a Soul' from the band's previous album "Spare Parts" as its b-side. In Francis Rossi's words, “it was the first record to feature our soon-to-be trademark boogie shuffle”. It became one of the most popular numbers in their live set. The single took the media by surprise as it was so different in sound from their previous work. Radio 1 presenter Tony Blackburn dismissed it on air the first time he played it with the comment, "Down the dustbin for this one." Nevertheless, it was an instant hit, reaching #12 in the UK singles chart and remaining in the top-50 for a solid 17-weeks.
October 1970 saw the release of yet another non-album single, this time a Rossi/Young composition - 'In My Chair', with the non-album b-side 'Gerdundula' (written while in Germany by Rossi and Young under the pseudonyms of Manston and James, with a title reportedly inspired by their German friends Gerd and Ula) - and the band had another hit, with the single reaching #21, just missing the top-20. 'Gerdundula' would later be re-recorded by the band for their next album, "Dog of Two Head".
While on tour the same year, organist Roy Lynes fell in love, claiming that he could see how serious the other band members were about fame and glory, and that he just wanted to settle down to a life with his newfound love. According to the group's producer, John Schroeder, who wrote the booklet notes for the 3-CD compilation "The Early Years", Lynes was "the quietest member of the group" and "somehow always seemed to be the odd one out". Rick Parfitt has said Lynes was "a bit laid back, the Open University type who liked tinkering and finding out about things", and Francis Rossi remarked that, when Lynes showed up at a gig they were playing in New Zealand about ten years later to say hello, "he seemed a much happier bloke".

</doc>
<doc id="5950348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950348" title="The Two of Us (play)">
The Two of Us (play)

The Two of Us is a 1970 play by British playwright Michael Frayn. It consists of four one-act plays for two actors and is Frayn's first published play.
It was first performed at the Garrick Theatre by Richard Briers and Lynn Redgrave.
The four plays that make up "The Two of Us" are:
Lynn Redgrave and John Clark later optioned "The Two of Us" for a successful 1975 coast to coast United States tour. Unable to find one actor willing and able to play all the male parts, director Clark settled for 3 actors. For "The New Quixote" he had cast a black actor to increase the woman's dilemma, but when the play reached Elitch Gardens in Denver, the theatre producer refused to let the play go on unless the part was recast with a white actor. The same refusal was repeated throughout the tour, a sign of those times.

</doc>
<doc id="5950349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950349" title="Jacques Brel is Alive and Well and Living in Paris">
Jacques Brel is Alive and Well and Living in Paris

Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris is an American musical revue of the songs of Jacques Brel. It was filmed in 1975.
Original Off-Broadway Production.
The original show debuted Off-Broadway on January 22, 1968 at The Village Gate Theater in Greenwich Village and ran for more than four years. Its original performers were Elly Stone, Mort Shuman, Shawn Elliott, and Alice Whitfield. The production was directed by Moni Yakim with Production Supervision by Eric Blau. On January 25, 1972, a Fifth Year Gala, entitled "Hommage à Jacques," was celebrated at Carnegie Hall with Brel in attendance. His songs were interpreted by twenty-two artists, including George Lee Andrews, Jack Blackton, Chevi Colton, Sally Cooke, Jack Eddleman, Elinor Ellsworth, Rita Gardner, Amelia Haas, Robert Jeffrey, Judy Lander, Ted Lawrie, Carolyn Leslie, Joe Masiell, Arlene Meadows, Stan Porter, Betty Rhodes, Howard Ross, Mort Shuman, Elly Stone, Fran Uditsky, Henrietta Valor, and Alice Whifield. In 1974, it was revived at the Astor Place Theatre for a limited run. 
The revue, consisting of around 25 songs, is performed by four vocalists, two male and two female. Jacques Brel contributed most of the music and French lyrics; English translations were provided by Eric Blau, Stone's husband, and Mort Shuman, a Brill Building songwriter responsible for such hits as "This Magic Moment", "Viva Las Vegas", "Teenager In Love", and others.
The production enjoyed considerable international success. In 1968 Moni Yakim directed a Canadian production which opened in Toronto featuring Robert Jeffrey, Judy Lander, Arlene Meadows, and Stan Porter. In the 1970s, a production by Taubie Kushlick in Johannesburg, South Africa became the longest-running musical production in that country's theatrical history. A cast recording was released and is regarded as containing the definitive English-language versions of some of the songs. In 1975, a film version of the original production was released as part of the American Film Theatre series. During that decade the show also enjoyed successful runs in Sydney, Paris, Dublin, Amsterdam, and Copenhagen. 
In 1973, "Jacques Brel" was produced by Ray Shepardson in the lobby of Cleveland, Ohio's State Theatre. It was intended to play for two weeks, but continued through 1975, with a 522-performance run that remained the longest theatrical run in the city's history for many years. The performance is credited as a major factor in the rescue and restoration of the theater and its adjacent venues, which are now Playhouse Square Center, the largest theater complex in the USA outside of New York City.
A 1988 limited-run revival served as the 20th anniversary production of the show at Town Hall in Manhattan (and one night at The Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C.). It was produced by Eric Blau and Dr. Reuben Hoppenstein and was directed by Elly Stone and starred Karen Akers, Shelley Ackerman, Elmore James and Kenny Morris. 
In 1995 the show was revived in London starring Michael Cahill, Alison Egan, Liz Greenaway, and Stuart Pendred. A cast recording of this production was released on August 12, 1997 with Jay Records.
Revival Shows.
In 2006, a new production opened Off-Broadway at the Zipper Theater in New York City for an open-ended run. While this revival used most of the same Blau-Shuman translations as the original production, there were also significant changes: the order of songs was rearranged, numbers were reorchestrated, and some songs were dropped or added. The revival also included expanded staging and choreography. The acclaimed reinvented production was the longest running and most successful revival of the show, running for more than a year. It was nominated for several awards including the Drama Desk, Drama League, and Outer Critics Circle. It was directed by Gordon Greenberg with musical direction and new arrangements by Eric Svejcar and starred Robert Cuccioli, Natascia Diaz, Rodney Hicks, and Gay Marshall. The role played by Hicks was later done by Drew Sarich (July-October 2006), Jim Stanek (October 2006-January 2007), and former "American Idol" finalist Constantine Maroulis (January-February 2007). Diaz was replaced by Jayne Patterson (January-February 2007), who had been an understudy in the production. Other understudies included Kevin del Aguila, Tamra Hayden, and Ann Mandrella, the wife of Sarich. The cast recording of the new production was recorded by Ghostlight Records for release on November 21, 2006.
In 2008, a new production starring Leigh McDonald, Tony McGill, Emma Yong and George Chan, ran at the DBS Theatre in Singapore for a limited run. It was directed by Nathalie Ribette and musically directed by Chris Nolan (musician).
In 2010, a new production ran in Stratford, Canada, at the Stratford Festival. It starred Jewelle Blackman, Brent Carver, Mike Nadajewski, and Nathalie Nadon.
References.
"The Singer's Musical Theatre Anthology" by Stanley Green and Richard Walters

</doc>
<doc id="5950358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950358" title="Robert Sheheen">
Robert Sheheen

Robert J. Sheheen is an American lawyer and politician from Camden, South Carolina. He was a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1977 to 2000; he served as speaker of from 1986 to 1994. Sheheen received a bachelor's degree from Duke University in 1965 and a law degree from the University of South Carolina in 1968. He has received honorary degrees from The Citadel and Winthrop University.

</doc>
<doc id="5950359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950359" title="Maria Wallis">
Maria Wallis

Maria Wallis QPM was the Chief Constable of the Devon and Cornwall Constabulary in the United Kingdom from 2002 until 26 July 2006. A native of County Fermanagh, she commanded the Devon and Cornwall Constabulary which included responsibility for 3,500 police officers, more than 2,000 civilian staff and 362 police community support officers. Chief Constable Wallis commanded the largest geographical police area in England, extending 180 miles from the Dorset and Somerset borders in the east to the Isles of Scilly in the west.
Career.
Wallis joined the Metropolitan Police as a constable in 1976 after graduating from Bristol University with a degree in Social Administration and Sociology. 
Prior to her service with Devon and Cornwall Constabulary, Wallis served with the Metropolitan Police Service for 18 years undertaking various roles including working at the Community Relations Policy Unit at New Scotland Yard as a Chief Inspector, with responsibility for developing policies on Domestic Violence and Racial Attacks, as well as working as a Detective Superintendent in South East London. 
She became the Deputy Chief Constable of Sussex where Wallis was awarded the Queen's Police Medal(QPM) in January 2002. At the time Wallis was short-listed to head the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) in her native Northern Ireland, but withdrew following her promotion to Devon & Cornwall. 
As Chief Constable of the Devon and Cornwall Constabulary, Wallis presided over the fourth largest reduction in crime out of all the police force areas of the UK in 2005-2006. Attempts at controlling overtime costs and the implementing labor study recommendations brought undue criticism on Chief Constable Wallis. Mass protest arose from the attempt to implement recommendations of a position regrading study. The evaluation was a re-grading exercise which was meant to ensure fair pay for all, but meant some faced pay cuts of up to £8,000< causing hundreds to protest. 
Retirement.
Chief Constable Wallis retired in July 2006. In announcing her retirement, Wallis added that the last two months had also been very challenging personally as well as professionally because her mother had died the previous month and her father subsequently was unwell. She said she had always put the needs of the force first and was "enormously proud of the achievements of our staff, in particular the recent excellent performance". However her police authority had urged her to “consider her position”. David Money, the authority chairman, said: “There has been damage to the confidence of the staff, damage to the confidence of the police officers and damage to the community. We need to move forward to restore confidence. There came a point where, for all our sakes, change was necessary and desirable.” 
On the day of her retirement, Association of Chief Police Officers of England, Wales & Northern Ireland (ACPO) President Ken Jones said: “I would like to express my heartfelt thanks and support to Maria Wallis who has dedicated many years to the police service and has been outstanding in her contribution to the national work of ACPO as well as to the forces in which she has served. It is the job of a chief constable to raise performance and drive down crime, both of which have been achieved under the leadership of Maria. Nationally, Maria, on behalf of all chief constables, has spearheaded key criminal justice reforms and led the service through the development of Local Criminal Justice Boards. She has helped improve services for victims and witnesses and seen through significant changes to the charging regime. Her departure is a great loss to the service and she will be very much missed”.
Controversy.
There was a growing amount of resentment against Wallis when she decided to cut the pay of civilian staff. Hundreds of them walked out in 2005. Senior detectives also had problems with her. In her defence supporters said that this problem with the senior staff came about because of their old-fashioned-ness and her modern methods clashing with their ways. Also they had resented a woman in this position. 

</doc>
<doc id="5950360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950360" title="W900">
W900

W900 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5950365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950365" title="Sparky Marcus">
Sparky Marcus

Sparky Marcus (born Marcus Issoglio; December 6, 1967) is an American actor. He was born in Hollywood, California. He had a prolific career as a child actor.
Career.
Marcus was well known for playing the role of the precocious child but also worked extensively as a voice actor for Hanna-Barbera throughout the 1980s. He started acting at five playing Shelby on "Sigmund and the Sea Monsters" (1973–1975). He also appeared on "The Nancy Walker Show" (1976), "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman" (1976–77) (Marcus played child evangelist Jimmy Joe Jeeter, who died of electrocution in the bathtub), "Grandpa Goes to Washington" (1978), "The Bad News Bears" and "Goodtime Girls" (1980).
Voice acting.
As a voice actor for cartoons he is probably best known for his role as Richie Rich on the series from Hanna Barbera (1980–1982). He later had regular roles as a voice actor on "Shirt Tales" (1982–1984), "Space-Stars" (1981), "Saturday Supercade" as the voice of Dexter on "Space Ace" (1984), "Challenge of the GoBots" (1984), "The Puppy's New Adventures" (1984), "The Reluctant Dragon" (1981), "" (1984), "Banjo the Woodpile Cat" (1979), " CBS Library" (1980–1982) and "The Get-Along Gang" (1984–86).
Television guest appearances.
Marcus has also made several TV guest appearances, including "Trapper John, M.D.", "Happy Days", "WKRP in Cincinnati", "What's Happening!!", "Maude", "Emergency!", "The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries", "The Bob Newhart Show", "Eight Is Enough" and "Starsky and Hutch."
Film roles.
Marcus also appeared in the feature films "Freaky Friday" (1976) and "The Pinballs" (1977), as well as in many TV movies, including "The Stableboy's Christmas" (1978) and "Goldie and the Boxer" (1979). His last movie role was a brief cameo as a bellboy in the 1983 Steve Martin comedy "The Man with Two Brains."

</doc>
<doc id="5950372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950372" title="Alshard">
Alshard

Setting.
Alshard's world is named "Midgard", and the setting includes many deities from Norse mythology (for example 'Odin' and 'Thor'), but most of the deities died in "Ragnarök", the ancient war of the gods. Midgard is a fantasy world, but guns, motorcycles, robots, androids, airships, tanks, and other mechanical items are present in the setting.
Player characters are called "Questers" and possess a crystal (called a "Shard") of ancient gods, and can use supreme divine powers by using it. Questers seek an ideal world, "Asgard", and stand against the world's enemy, the abyss, and the evil empire "Wahres Reich" (German for "the True Empire"). The game title, Alshard is a coined term that means "a Shard with complete power." Every Shard has ego and tries to guide the owner to Asgard.
Midgard and Wahres Reich.
Midgard is about as large as Eurasian Continent in the actual world. More than 70 percent of it is occupied by Wahres Reich. Wahres Reich is a theocratic empire which worships the god of machinery, "Deus Ex Machina". Imperial science technology called Kabbalah are well-developed. However, in contrast to other technology systems such as ancient race Alf's "Relics" and desert tribe Jarhead's "Gears", Kabbalah wastes mana of world and increases the abyss which is the enemy of world. Wise men and Questers in Midgard hate the abyss and blame Wahres Reich for using dangerous Kabbalah technology. Also the empire looks on Questers as imperial enemies and is hunting Questers for their Shards possess enormous power according to imperial proclamation.
By Kabbalah technology, Reich's army possesses many modern weapons including tanks and airships, and is the strongest military force in Midgard. The same person holds posts as the Kaiser and the Pope in this theocratic state. The present Kaiser, Gustav Joseph II, is a very taciturn and incredibly old man at 412 years old. It would be a large incident if he said just one word. The line of Kaisers born in the monogenesis from the women who were called Blessed Virgin. To prevent the accident, several clones of Blessed Virgin are made, but subjects of Reich are not told the truth. Some propagandas tell that these clones are twins. These tragic Blessed Virgins appear in early scenarios as beautiful and innocent heroines whom questers should help.
The empire has more than 10 big arcology cities as representative by imperial capital "Gladsheim" in the empery. Arcology cities are structured of complex skyscraper and they are in the frontier of Reich's science power. Future scientific equipment, including air cars can exist only in the cities where the power of Shard was applied. The urbiculture of the cities are developed and is very different from the outside fantasy world, PCs can play cyberpunk adventures in there.
The imperial overstretch of Wahres Reich cause frictions and strained relations with other nations as follows.
Races in Midgard.
"This section is a stub."
Cosmology.
Cosmology of Alshard is called "Yggdrasil universe" and described as the world tree Yggdrasil. Many worlds are connected by Yggdrasil like as branches and leaves of the tree. Several major worlds (including Midgard and Blue Sphere) are called "root worlds". Minor worlds and parallel universes of root worlds are called "leaf worlds". The abyss that try to change everything into void is similar to the disease of the tree that blights leaves and roots.
Yggdrasil universe includes many worlds as follow.
Alshard GAIA.
GAIA's world is named Blue Sphere. It is an alternate Earth. There is magic, but it is concealed from public knowledge; it is united magic with science in "Alchemy", a highly developed process; for instance, the magic device named "Chamber staff" strengthens magic with magical bullets.
Blue Sphere is invaded by the abyss that it is the enemy of Questers.
The game presents a starting character with the choice of various classes: returner (time traveler), homunculus (artificial humanoid), psychic, overlander (plane-shifter), dhampir, machinehead (animate machine like as Transformers) and intelligent weapon (including "Chamber staff") and etc. The setting is inspired by recent Japanese games, novels and animations, including Fate/stay night, Lyrical Nanoha and Haruhi Suzumiya series.
"This section is a stub."
System.
Standard RPG System uses only 6 sided dice. To determine whether the action is successful or not the player rolls only 2d6, if the total of the dice rolled by the player and ability/class adjustments is more than or equal to difficulty score the action succeeds. To determine damage the player rolls a number of 6 sided dice. The number of dice that are rolled increases with various class abilities.
Character classes.
Players choose up to three classes during character creation—for example, fighter/fighter/fighter (a 3rd-level fighter), valkyrie/valkyrie/scout (a 2nd-level valkyrie/1st-level scout), or black magician/white mage/wizard (a 1st-level black magician/1st-level white mage/1st-level wizard).
4 base classes (fighter, scout, black magician and white mage) have important core abilities. Therefore, player characters are encouraged to choose at least one basic class.
Sub-classes are the classes that have not only abilities but also various cultural backgrounds. Sub-classes represent ethnos, memberships of organizations, schools of magic and lifestyles.
Non-human race characters are represented by racial classes. These classes provide the unique racial abilities, magics, items and martial arts.
Overlander and overlander-alternative classes represent plane-shifters who came from various worlds in Yggdrasil universe.
Advanced classes and Einheriere classes are the special classes for high-level characters. Einheriere characters gain immortality.
At this time there are more over 70 character classes and about 2,800 class abilities. In Standard RPG System, all spells and skills are comprised in class abilities.
Kago, divine protections.
The characters' ability scores are decided by the selection of classes almost automatically. Moreover, characters possess supreme divine powers according to their classes. For example, fighters possess the power of 'Thor', which adds extra damage to damage rolls, while white mages possess the power of 'Idun', which can raise the dead. Supreme divine powers are named , and work much like hero points. Each character can use "Kago" three times every a session, according to three classes was chosen during character creation.
References.
The rule books are only released in Japanese language. Translations of some of the book titles are noted in brackets.

</doc>
<doc id="5950382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950382" title="Piledriver (album)">
Piledriver (album)

Piledriver is the fifth studio album by the English rock band Status Quo, released in 1972. It was the first to be produced by the group themselves, and their first on the Vertigo label after their departure from Pye Records.
The album's only single, "Paper Plane" (by Francis Rossi and Bob Young), with the b-side "Softer Ride" (written by Rick Parfitt and Alan Lancaster), was to become the first in a sequence of thirty-three Top 40 hits on the UK Singles Chart when it peaked at #8 after its release in November 1972. The b-side would later be incorporated into the band's following album, "Hello!", released the following year.
The album itself was released in December the same year, and reached the highest position of #5 in the UK charts, spending 37 weeks there.
Reception.
In their retrospective review, Allmusic applauded the album as both crowd-pleasing and moderately intellectual, commenting that "Despite the name, most of the music on Piledriver is varied and subtle enough to be interesting." They particularly praised "A Year" and "Big Fat Mama". Robert Christgau asserted that the band had no decent singer or guitarist, and criticized their attempts at ballads and blues as "boring".

</doc>
<doc id="5950396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950396" title="World Team Olympiad">
World Team Olympiad

The World Team Olympiad was a contract bridge meet organized by the World Bridge Federation every four years from 1960 to 2004. Its main events were world championships for national teams, always including one open and one restricted to women ("Open" and "Women" "categories" in WBF terms). A parallel event for seniors was inaugurated in 2000.
Although the Olympiad has been discontinued, its main constituent championships continue within or beside the World Mind Sports Games, first held October 2008 in Beijing, China, and the subsequent results are listed here.
The 1960 "Olympiad" was the first meet organized by the WBF, although the organization has adopted one older event that now confers the title "World Champion", the Bermuda Bowl competition.
The Olympiad championships differed from other world-level championships for "national"
teams primarily by inviting every WBF member country to enter a team in each tournament. Other world championships, including the older Bermuda Bowl for open teams that is now contested every odd-number year, require qualification at a "zone" level. For example, about 40 national open teams from European Bridge League member countries may compete biennially for about six entries in the Bermuda Bowl tournament.
Over the twelve World Team Olympiad cycles, the fields grew from 29 open and 14 women teams in 1960 to 72 open, 43 women, and 29 seniors teams in 2004. For the first World Mind Sports Games there were 71 open and 54 women entries. The seniors international cup continued as a non-medal event with 32 entries.
Open Teams.
Teams representing Italy and France won five and four of the twelve Open Team Olympiad tournaments. The Italian Blue Team won three in a row 1964 to 1972, overlapping its run of ten Bermuda Bowls (1957–1969). Another Italian team won the last two Olympiads and made it three in a row in the first rendition as part of the World Mind Sports Games, 2000 to 2008, overlapping its run of seven European championships (1995–2006).
Women Teams.
Teams representing eight different countries won the Olympiad series for Women during its twelve renditions, led by the United States with four. England won the first rendition as part of the World Mind Sports Games, beating host China by one IMP in 2008.
Senior International Cup.
Teams representing the United States won both renditions of the Senior International Cup. From 2008 the World Bridge Federation continues the tournament in conjunction with the World Mind Sports Games although it is not a WMSG event.
Currently "a bridge a player belongs to the 'Seniors' category if he has
at least his 60th birthday in the calendar year in question." For the next rendition (2012) players born in 1952 or earlier will be eligible. (The threshold increased one year annually from 2005 to 2010.)
World Mind Sports Games.
After the 2004 Olympiad, the WBF and the world governing bodies of three other games established the International Mind Sports Association and initiated its first priority, the quadrennial World Mind Sports Games. The first WMSG were held in Beijing October 2008, about two months after the summer Olympic Games.
Thus a WBF initiative to integrate bridge with the Olympics was abandoned in favor of a long-term goal, advancing the WMSG as a "stepping stone on the path of introducing a third kind of Olympic Games (after the Summer and the Winter Olympics)". The multi-event "World Team Olympiad" was discontinued in favor of participation in the WMSG but the constituent events of the Olympiad continue—Teams championships in Open and Women categories as part of the WMSG; in Seniors and Transnational categories as non-medal side events.

</doc>
<doc id="5950405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950405" title="Hello! (album)">
Hello! (album)

Hello! is the sixth studio album by the British rock band, Status Quo. Released in September 1973, it was the first of four Quo albums to top the UK Albums Chart, as well as their first album on which all tracks had been written by the group themselves. (Bob Young was not an official member, but the group's roadie and harmonica player, as well as co-writer, primarily with Francis Rossi, of several songs throughout their career). It was also the first Quo album on which drummer John Coghlan was credited with songwriting.
Keyboard player Andy Bown and saxophonist Stewart Blandamer both played on "Forty-Five Hundred Times". This was Bown's first appearance on a Status Quo album, although he would guest on most subsequent releases, and become a permanent member of the line-up a few years later.
1973 began for the band in February when their old record company Pye, following the group's success for their new label in 1972, decided to release a single from their 1971 album "Dog of Two Head". The single, Rossi and Young's "Mean Girl" reached #20 upon its release. It was backed by the Rossi/Parfitt composition "Everything", taken from the band's 1970 album "Ma Kelly's Greasy Spoon".
In August 1973 the only single from the album, Rossi and Young's Caroline was released, reaching #5. This was the group's first single to reach the UK top five. Its B-side was a non-album track called "Joanne", written by Alan Lancaster and Rick Parfitt.
The 8-track album was released in September the same year. It became the most successful album the band had ever released. Initial copies of the record on vinyl came with a large black and white poster of the group. Of the 8 tracks on the album, only 6 of them were new. "Caroline" had already been heard by the public due to its single release, whereas "Softer Ride" had served as the b-side to the band's "Paper Plane" single from their previous album "Piledriver".
No other singles were issued from the album, although a live version of Roll Over Lay Down appeared on a three-track EP released in May 1975, which reached No. 9 in the UK Singles Chart.
This was the band's first album to feature the band's name written in the now-familiar font used on most subsequent album covers.
Reception.
Allmusic gave the album a mixed retrospective review, criticizing the over-simplicity of many of the songs and overindulgence of some, while praising their enjoyable energy. However, they concluded that the album manages to be effective and enjoyable in spite of its flaws, concluding, "Clearly the product of a band at their commercial and creative peak, "Hello!" wears its strengths and weaknesses well: not particularly flashy or intelligent, but without exception confident, comfortable and fun." 

</doc>
<doc id="5950424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950424" title="Eric Dancer">
Eric Dancer

Sir Eric Dancer (born 17 April 1940) is a British businessman and currently Lord-Lieutenant of Devon.
Dancer was born in Sheffield in 1940. He won a scholarship to King Edward VII School and went on to Sheffield Polytechnic where he became a graduate of the Chartered Institute of Management and the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply. After moving to Devon in 1980 he attained the Diploma in Company Direction at Exeter University.
His career has been in industry, with over 30 years at Board level of which the last 20 were as Managing Director of Dartington Crystal, prior to his retirement in 2000.
He was the founding Chairman of Devon and Cornwall Training and Enterprise Council, the TEC National Council, the West Country Development Corporation, served as a National TEC Assessor, Advisor to the Secretary of State for Employment, Member of the National Training Task Force, Member of the Councils of the CBI and Royal Society of Arts and as a Governor of the University of Plymouth.
In 1988 he was appointed Her Majesty’s Lord-Lieutenant of Devon, a Knight of Grace of the Order of St John and Justice of the Peace.
In 2001 he received an Honorary Doctorate from Sheffield Hallam University and in 2002 was commissioned Honorary Captain Royal Naval Reserve.
Honorary Doctorates of Law and Business were conferred by Exeter and Plymouth Universities respectively in 2010.
He is a Freeman of the City of London, Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Glass Sellers, Life Member of the Royal Society of Arts, President, Patron or Trustee of some 20 Charities in Devon, Chairman of the Magistrates Advisory Committee for Devon and Cornwall and Devon County President of The Reserve Forces and Cadets.
Dancer lives in South Devon with his wife Carole and having given up flying light aeroplanes, gliders and sailing now, in what little free time he has, enjoys music, reading, current affairs and world travel, having visited all 7 continents.
Dancer was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1991 for services to business and training and Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) in the 2013 Birthday Honours for his work as Lord-Lieutenant.
Honorary Doctorate.
Sir Eric Dancer was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Business from Plymouth University in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5950427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950427" title="Sonderbund westdeutscher Kunstfreunde und Künstler">
Sonderbund westdeutscher Kunstfreunde und Künstler

The "Sonderbund" — as it is normally called; its complete name being Sonderbund westdeutscher Kunstfreunde und Künstler (the "Separate League of West German Art Lovers and Artists") — was a "special union" of artists and art lovers, established 1909 in Düsseldorf and dissolved in 1916. In its first years, the Sonderbund mounted some landmark exhibitions, successfully introducing French Impressionist, Post-Impressionist and Modern Art to the western parts of Germany.
The international movement of Secessionism, which since 1890 began to cover the European art scene, entered Düsseldorf, its renowned art school and artist societies at a very late date. In 1908, a group of younger artists first organized a "special exhibition" ("Sonderausstellung"), the year following they reunited in a "Sonderbund" exhibition works of their own with French contemporary art lent by local collectors and the Galerie Bernheim Jeune of Paris. Encouraged by museum professionals, in August 1909 the Sonderbund was officially established.
The lasting fame of the "Sonderbund" is founded on its three "International Art Exhibitions", 1910 and 1911 in Düsseldorf, 1912 in Cologne, and especially on the latter exhibition, which supplied a breathtaking review of early modern art: Vincent van Gogh, Paul Cézanne, Paul Gauguin, Pablo Picasso and the neo-impressionists Henri-Edmond Cross and Paul Signac, the first generation was set in context to more recent efforts all around Europe, with a special focus on Edvard Munch.
The organizers of the 1913 Armory Show were highly impressed by the exhibition in Cologne, and thus first rate European art soon made its way to the United States.
References.
Literature.
Magdalena M. Moeller: "Der Sonderbund". In: Düsseldorf. Eine Großstadt auf dem Weg in die Moderne. Der westdeutsche Impuls 1900-1914, Kunstmuseum Düsseldorf 1984, p. 126-142

</doc>
<doc id="5950429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950429" title="Wild Honey (play)">
Wild Honey (play)

Wild Honey is a 1984 adaptation by British playwright Michael Frayn of an earlier play by Anton Chekhov. The original work, a sprawling five-hour drama from Chekhov's earliest years as a writer, has no title, but is usually known in English as "Platonov", after its principal character "Mikhail Platonov", a disillusioned provincial schoolmaster.
Frayn's adaptation was given its first production at London's National Theatre in 1984 and won Olivier Awards in three categories: for Ian McKellen as "Actor of the Year in a Revival", Christopher Morahan as "Director of the Year" and John Gunter as "Designer of the Year". "Anna Petrovna" was played by Charlotte Cornwell.
The play opened at New York's Virginia Theatre in December 1986 presented by impresario Douglas Urbanski with McKellen repeating his title role, but otherwise with an American cast which included Kim Cattrall, Kathryn Walker and Kate Burton.
The play was broadcast as a radio play on the digital radio station, BBC7 on 31 January 2010 as part of a BBC radio season of documentaries, drama, short stories and essays to celebrate the 150th anniversary of Chekhov's birthday. Ian McKellen returned to play Platonov, while Anna Calder Marshall played Sasha.

</doc>
<doc id="5950432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950432" title="Blue for You">
Blue for You

Blue for You is the ninth studio album by English rock band Status Quo, released in March 1976 and is both the last album to feature the 'Frantic Four' lineup (due to Andy Bown officially joining the band as keyboardist following its release), and the last one they produced themselves, which resulted in subsequent albums having a noticeably lighter, more pop oriented sound. 
Parfitt's "Rain", the first single from the album, reached #7 in the UK charts after its release in February 1976. Its b-side was the non-album track "You Lost the Love", written by Rossi and Young.
The album was released the following month. It entered the British album chart at #1 and stayed there for three weeks, making it one of their most successful long players.
An edited version of Parfitt and Young's "Mystery Song" was the second single from the album and, released in July that year, peaked at #11 a few months later. Parfitt and Lancaster's "Drifting Away", from their 1974 album "Quo", served as the single's b-side.
In December that year the band decided to release a cover of "Wild Side of Life", a song made famous by "Hank Thompson and His Brazos Valley Boys", and written by Arlie Carter and William Warren. Its b-side was a new Rossi/Lancaster composition - "All Through the Night". The single reached #9.

</doc>
<doc id="5950435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950435" title="Magliano de' Marsi">
Magliano de' Marsi

Magliano de' Marsi is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950438" title="Massa d'Albe">
Massa d'Albe

Massa d'Albe is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy. It is part of the Marsica.
The town was founded in the 14th century by the inhabitants of the ancient Alba Fucens, whose remains are in the area. The current "comune" was formed after 1915 by the union of two former "comuni", Masa and Corona, destroyed by an earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="5950441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950441" title="Jürgen Kießling">
Jürgen Kießling

Jürgen Kießling (1940 or 1941 – 13 July 2006) was a representative of the Berlin Senate and spokesman for the 12 host cities during the 2006 FIFA World Cup. His duties included coordinating the "Fan Mile" on the Straße des 17. Juni near Berlin's Brandenburg Gate, a spot where hundreds of thousands of fans watched the matches on giant screens during the month-long tournament.
He shot himself hours after the World Cup Final and died in hospital two days later. According to police, he left suicide notes indicating a personal, not a political, motive.

</doc>
<doc id="5950447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950447" title="Montereale, Abruzzo">
Montereale, Abruzzo

Montereale is a "comune "and town in the province of L'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the natural park known as the "Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park".
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950449" title="Martha Sleeper">
Martha Sleeper

Martha Sleeper (June 24, 1910 – March 25, 1983) was a silent film comedienne of the 1920s and Broadway and film actress of the 1940s.
Family.
Martha Sleeper reputedly spent her first years on a sheep ranch in Wyoming. Her father, William B. Sleeper, was an official of the Keith-Albee-Orpheum vaudeville circuit in New York City. Her mother was Minnie Akass. He retired to Los Angeles, California in 1923 because of ill health. She was under contract to Hal Roach studios beginning in 1924, when she was 14 years old. Her father was found dead of heart disease on September 1, 1925, in bed at his home on 1756 North Tamarind Street. Martha, then 15 years old, with her mother and sister, had taken a short trip to New York City. 
Martha Sleeper is a direct descendant of Edward Akass who emigrated to the USA from England around 1858.
Dancer who studied ballet.
She studied dancing for five years with the Russian ballet master, Louis H. Chalif, in his New York dancing studio. Her first public exhibitions were at Carnegie Hall at his class exhibitions. One of her dancing photos was sent to an uncle in Los Angeles, California. He framed and displayed it on a wall of his home. The home was sold to Emory Johnson and his mother, Emily Johnson. Emily wrote "The Mail Man" and recommended Martha Sleeper for a part in films after noticing the teenager's photo. 
Author.
In 1926, aged 16, the young actress wrote and published a book entitled "Hollywood Be Thy Name". She wrote the story while doing screen work and performing four hours of school work daily. The volume was "a romance of work, adventure, and success in Hollywood". 
Film career.
Martha Sleeper's film career began in 1923 and continued until 1945. Her early comedy efforts with Hal Roach include "The Mailman" (1923), "The Racing Kid" (1924), "Trailing Trouble" (1924), "Please, Teacher!" (1924), "A Ten Minute Egg" (1924), "Sweet Daddy" (1924), and "Outdoor Pajamas" (1924). She also appeared in a handful of silent "Our Gang" shorts including: "Better Movies" (1925), "Baby Clothes" (1926) and "Thundering Fleas" (1926),and also had a small role in a Laurel and Hardy short "The Chimp" (1932). Martha's final movies were mainly in the late 1930s, concluding with a small role in "The Bells of St. Mary's" (1945).
Businesswoman.
After achieving prominence on the New York stage, Sleeper left abruptly in 1949. She sailed from New York on a 40-foot schooner. Her destination was the Virgin Islands and a vacation with her husband. However, when she reached Puerto Rico she fell in love with the island and opened a hand-made clothing shop there in 1950. Sleeper sewed native dresses in San Juan and resolved never to return to the US mainland. 
Before World War II, Sleeper designed jewelry. Using her hands productively was not a new thing for her. She was proficient in selling many of her Martha Sleeper Creations to stores in neighboring islands and on the United States mainland.
Death.
Martha Sleeper died in Beaufort, South Carolina on March 25, 1983.
Year of birth.
Many sources cite 1907 as Sleeper's year of birth, but this appears to be incorrect. She was born just after the 1910 census was taken, and a "Martha Sleeper" does not appear in 1910 census records; however, a "Martha Sleeper" is listed as 9 years old in the 1920 census and 19 years old in the 1930 census. In addition, the Social Security Death Index records the date of birth of a "Martha Stelling" (Sleeper's third husband's surname) who died in March 1983 in Beaufort County, South Carolina (as Sleeper did), as June 24, 1910. This, too, confirms the inaccuracy of sources listing 1907 as the year of her birth, as does Sleeper's 1983 New York Times obituary, entitled "Martha Sleeper Is Dead At 72."

</doc>
<doc id="5950451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950451" title="Von Rohr">
Von Rohr

The earliest recorded family member was Otto von Rohr (c1350-1427), the German Bishop of Havelberg from 1401 to 1427. The Von Rohrs are Swedish House of Nobility noble family number 807 and Finnish House of Nobility noble family number 85.
von Rohr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5950453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950453" title="Morino">
Morino

Morino is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950456" title="Ocre">
Ocre

Ocre is a "comune" (municipality) and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950461" title="Ortona dei Marsi">
Ortona dei Marsi

Ortona dei Marsi is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy. It is included in the Marsica traditional area.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950465" title="Ortucchio">
Ortucchio

Ortucchio is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950467" title="Garden River First Nation">
Garden River First Nation

Garden River First Nation, also known as Ketegaunseebee ("Gitigaan-ziibi Anishinaabe" in the Anishinaabe language), is an Ojibwa band located at Garden River 14 near Sault Ste. Marie.
The Garden River reserve consists of two non-contiguous areas, totaling 20,703.5 hectares. The larger, main area is located along the St. Marys River and Highway 17. The Garden River runs through the reserve as a tributary of the St. Mary's River. It is bordered by the Unorganized North Algoma District, Macdonald, Meredith and Aberdeen Additional, the city of Sault Ste. Marie, the Rankin Location Indian reserve, and Sugar Island Township, Michigan, USA.
Garden River First Nation is governed by a band council consisting of a chief and 12 councillors. Council elections are held biannually. The current chief is Lyle Sayers.
History.
Garden River First Nation was created as a legal entity when Lord Elgin, Governor General of the Province of Canada, approved in law the Robinson Huron Treaty on November 29, 1850. The treaty had been negotiated between the British colony's representative William B. Robinson and numerous Ojibwa chiefs from the Lake Huron watershed earlier that year, and had been signed by these representatives on Sept. 9, 1850. The treaty extinguished Ojibwa title to the land in exchange for 17 reserve lands and annual annuities. Each reserve had to register its band members because an increase to annuity amounts would be determined on a per-person basis.
Garden River First Nation was represented in the treaty by Shingwaukonse, who was also generally recognized as an Ojibwa grand chief by other bands in both the Lake Huron and Lake Superior watersheds. Shingwaukonse and his band had been living at their traditional garden lands at the mouth of the Garden River since 1841, after leaving a settlement near the rapids of Sault Ste. Marie. The treaty formally recognized the band's reserve lands in this vicinity as reservation 14. Upon his death in 1854, Shingwaukonse was succeeded as chief by his son Augustine Shingwauk. The last hereditary chief was Shingwaukonse's second son Buhgwujjenene, who succeeded his brother Augustine.
In the treaty's schedule of reservations, the fourteenth reservation is "a tract of land extending from Maskinongé Bay, inclusive, to Partridge Point, above Garden River on the front, and inland ten miles, throughout the whole distance; and also Squirrel Island." For many years subsequent to signing the treaty, Garden River First Nation disputed the survey of their reserve conducted by the Province of Canada. In April 2003, the government of Canada returned 3,492 hectares of land to the reserve from the adjacent geographic townships of Anderson and Chesley. This resolution was negotiated between the band, the government of Canada, and the province of Ontario in accord with the Indian Lands Agreement of 1986. Ontario also released all mineral rights and revenues on the returned land to Canada to administer for the use of the band.
In a letter written in October 1855, Johann Georg Kohl in his "Kitchi-Gami: Life Among the Lake Superior Ojibway" cites visiting "Rivière au Désert" ("Garden River" in French), located few miles for the mouth of the St. Marys River, and then records a Menaboju story of an encounter with the "Beaver King", in the recounting of "The Ledgend of Beaverhead Rock and the Origin of the St. Mary's River". Kohl also expressed of a beautiful birch bark biting art work he had seen while at Rivière au Désert
Highway 17 dispute.
Highway 17, the primary route of the Trans-Canada Highway, was realigned when a four-lane bypass opened north of the existing roadway on October 31, 2007. The reserve objected to the renaming of the old road as Highway 638, and has erected its own signs identifying the road, unofficially, as Highway 17B. The municipal councils of Sault Ste. Marie and Macdonald, Meredith and Aberdeen Additional, which border Garden River on either side and are also located on the route of the disputed roadway, both passed municipal resolutions in 2007 supporting Garden River's position.
The provincial government of Ontario eventually acceded to the Garden River band's demand, officially designating the route as Highway 17B in early 2009.
In February 2010, Garden River's band council publicly warned that they would consider imposing tolls on the routes of both Highway 17 and Highway 17B through their territory if the provincial government did not assist the council with a funding shortfall of approximately $1 million. This was actually going to be imposed in protest of HST and native people having to pay the tax, not because they wanted a million dollars.
Population.
Garden River First Nation has a population of 2,134 members registered under the Indian Act, according to the latest statistics (June, 2006). However, only 1,004 members are resident on the band's reserve, while 1,130 members live off the reserve, predominantly but not exclusively in Sault Ste. Marie. According to Statistics Canada, the 2001 census showed the following: that more than 45 per cent of the on-reserve population were under 25 years old; that over 93 per cent had English as their only mother tongue; and that over 56 per cent identified themselves as Catholic and 28 per cent as Protestant.

</doc>
<doc id="5950471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950471" title="Ovindoli">
Ovindoli

Ovindoli is a village and "comune" of the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy. Close to Rome, it is a popular resort for both summer and winter sports, including hiking, biking, equestrian activities and downhill and cross-country skiing.
Geography.
Ovindoli lies in the Apennine Mountains of Abruzzo, within the regional park of Sirente-Velino.
History.
Ovindoli became known as a downhill skiing destination following the First World War, but it was not until 1959 that the mountain organized as a modern ski resort; at the time, it was called Valturvema. During the 1961–62 season, ski lifts began to operate and the trails were expanded. Charles Rogers, an American working at that time in the US Embassy in Rome served as President of the Society that worked to develop the area as a ski resort and oversaw the expansion activities. In 1994, the ski resort changed management and was named Monte Magnola and modernized with new trails, ski lifts and snow making capabilities.
Twin towns.
The town has been twinned with the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5950472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950472" title="Old Abe">
Old Abe

Old Abe (May 1861 – March 26, 1881), a female bald eagle, was the mascot of the 8th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment in the American Civil War. Later, her image was adopted as the eagle appearing on a globe in Case Corporation's logo and as the screaming eagle on the insignia of the U.S. Army's 101st Airborne Division.
Capture and sale.
In spring of 1861, Chief Sky set up a hunting and fishing camp near the South Fork of the Flambeau River, within the present day Chequamegon National Forest, east of Park Falls, Wisconsin. Here, he noticed a treetop nest, with two fledgling eagles, and to capture them, cut down the tree. One eaglet died from the fall, and the other became the young Indian's pet. That summer, Chief Sky and his father canoed down the Chippewa River on a trading expedition. At Jim Falls, Wisconsin, they encountered Daniel McCann, who lived nearby in Eagle Point. The Indians sold the eagle to McCann in exchange for a bushel of corn.
In August 1861, John C. Perkins, assisted by Seth Pierce, Frank McGuire, Thomas G. Butler and Victor Wolf, recruited a company of volunteers from Eau Claire and Chippewa Counties. This company was called the "Eau Claire Badgers". Soon after its formation, McCann offered to sell the eagle to the Badgers, for $2.50. In his "History of Old Abe", published in 1865, Joseph O. Barrett, who helped McCann bring the eagle to Eau Claire, gave a description of the transaction, which can be paraphrased as:
"Will you buy my eagle," said McCann, "only two dollars and a half?"
Captain Perkins named the eagle after President Abraham Lincoln, his quartermaster, Francis L. Billings, made a special perch on which to carry the bird into battle, and a young soldier, James McGinnis, volunteered to take care of her.
Civil War.
On September 3, 1861, the Badgers embarked, aboard the steamer "Stella Whipple", on a trip down the Chippewa to the Mississippi and up the Wisconsin River to Madison, Wisconsin. They arrived on the 6th and were immediately mustered into service as Company C of the 8th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment. They became the regimental color company and were given the name "Eagle Company". The regiment also became the "Eagle Regiment". After a few weeks of training at Camp Randall, it began to play an important role in the Western Theater of the American Civil War.
Island Number Ten.
On October, 12, the regiment left for St. Louis, Missouri, where the eagle got loose and flew out of sight. Fortunately, a policeman soon returned him. On the following day, the regiment left by rail to Fredericktown, Missouri, and on October 20, 1861, took part in the battle of Fredericktown. Subsequently, they were assigned guard duty until March 4, 1862, when they relocated to Point Pleasant, near New Madrid, Missouri, where they became part of General John Pope's Army of the Mississippi. From this base, during March and April, they participated in the battle of Island Number Ten, which ended with a major victory that opened the Mississippi to Union forces down to Fort Pillow, just above Memphis Thousands of Confederate prisoners were taken, along with valuable supplies.
Corinth.
In May 1862, the 8th participated in General Henry Halleck's Siege of Corinth, whose objective was to secure a critical rail junction of the Mobile & Ohio and Memphis & Charleston railroads. On May 9, 1862, during the approach to Corinth, the Eagle Company experienced its first serious combat at the battle of Farmington, Mississippi, during which Old Abe Spread his wings and screamed. Here, Captain Perkins died and was replaced by the newly promoted Captain Victor Wolf. On May 29, after a skirmish at defensive works before Corinth, the Confederates withdrew during the night. The next day, the regiment marched into the city. That day, James McGinnis became sick with a fatal illness and was replaced as eagle bearer by Thomas J. Hill, who served until David McLain took over on August 18.
On August 22, after being bivouacked in summer quarters, the regiment arrived in Tuscumbia, Alabama, which is in the northwest corner of the state a few miles from the Mississippi border. By this time, General Ulysses S. Grant had taken over Halleck's responsibilities in northern Mississippi. The 8th Wisconsin was still part of the Army of the Mississippi, but General William Rosecrans had replaced Pope as commander. The regiment was in the second brigade of General David S. Stanley's second division, which was led by Colonel Joseph A. Mower. Pope's army was assigned to hold 20 miles of rail from Corinth east to Iuka, where the 8th Wisconsin was stationed. On September 13, 1862, the Confederate Army of the West under General Sterling Price appeared at Iuka and forced the regiment back to Farmington.
Shortly thereafter, forces under Rosecrans and General Edward Ord attempted to capture Price's army, which awaited, at Iuka, the arrival of massive reinforcements from General Earl Van Dorn's Army of West Tennessee. On September 19, during the battle of Iuka, a fresh north wind caused an acoustic shadow that prevented Ord from hearing the battle. Consequently, he was unaware of it, and his troops stood idle while fighting raged a few miles away. Nevertheless, the Army of the Cumberland forced Price to withdraw during the night. He soon linked up with Van Dorn in Ripley.
On October 3 and 4, the combined Confederate armies launched a full scale assault on Corinth, which was repulsed by troops under Rosecrans. During heavy fighting in this Second Battle of Corinth, 21 soldiers of the 8th Wisconsin died, and 60 were wounded. Colonel Mower was wounded in the neck and briefly captured.
Newspaper accounts of this battle claimed that Old Abe soared over the front lines. According to David McLain, these stories are exaggerated:
… a bullet cut the cord that held the eagle to his perch. About the same time that the cord was cut, Old Abe was shot through one wing, cutting out three quill feathers, but not drawing blood, and the bearer (McLain) was shot through the left shoulder of his blouse and right leg of his pants.
Vicksburg.
On November 2, 1862, the regiment moved to Grand Junction, Tennessee, where it joined forces being assembled for General Grant's first attempt to take the strategic river city of Vicksburg. From this base, Grant moved down the Mississippi Central Railroad in conjunction with General William Tecumseh Sherman, who launched a simultaneous advance north of the city. Confederates attempted to defend the railroad's Tallahatchie River bridge near Abbeville, but retreated when they learned of a flanking maneuver by Grant. Skirmishes were fought along the railroad to Oxford, and the Confederates were pushed south past Water Valley, but after the battle of Coffeeville, managed to stall the Federal advance at Oakland.
During this push, the 8th Wisconsin, with Old Abe, was in the thick of the fighting. In Oxford, the regiment was accosted by a southern girl who scornfully exclaimed: "Oh! See that "Yankee Buzzard".", enraging the men, drawing a verbal response from the 8th's ranks that caused her to retreat hastily to her house. This was a name by which southern civilians and soldiers referred to Old Abe. Under orders from their officers, Confederate troops made numerous attempts to kill or capture the eagle, but they never succeeded. 
On December 20, while Grant was stalled, General Van Dorn led a successful cavalry raid on the Union supply base at Holly Springs. After destroying the supplies, Van Dorn and General Nathan Bedford Forest moved north into Tennessee tearing up railroad and telegraph lines. With his infrastructure disrupted, and with Sherman's advance turned back at Chickasaw Bayou, Grant was forced to end the campaign and retire to Memphis.
At the time of Van Dorn's raid, the Wisconsin regiment was stationed in Holly Springs on guard duty. Its troops, were surprised, overwhelmed, captured, and immediately paroled. Consequently, their commander, Colonel Murphy, was dismissed. He was replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Robbins, who was promoted to Colonel. On December 28, when the regiment had moved to La Grange, Tennessee, David McLain turned over his job as eagle bearer to Ed Homeston.
In March 1863, the regiment went to Helena, Arkansas, where it became part of Grant's plan to cross the Mississippi south of Vicksburg. His objectives were to separate Vicksburg from Confederate units under General Joseph E. Johnston and to prevent supplies from reaching the city on the Southern Railroad.
From Helena, the regiment went to Young's Point, Louisiana, where they joined the second brigade of the third division of Sherman's XV Corps, under the command of Brigadier General Mower, who had been promoted on November 29, 1862. Here, on April 13, 1863, a promotion to Lieutenant Colonel went to Major John Wayles Jefferson. He had been with the regiment since it was formed, and as the grandson of Sally Hemings, is believed to have been also a grandson of Thomas Jefferson.
On May 2, Sherman's corps crossed the river at Grand Gulf and proceeded toward Raymond, Mississippi, which the XVII Corps under General James B. McPherson occupied on May 12. Sherman bypassed Raymond and advanced on Jackson, which he and McPherson took on May 14, and from which Johnston had withdrawn. After Sherman appointed Mower as military governor of Jackson, Union troops burned part of the town, destroyed numerous factories, and cut the railroad connections with Vicksburg. Grant's objectives were further consolidated when his army prevailed at the battle of Champion Hill on May 16 and at the battle of Big Black River Bridge on May 17. On May 22, the regiment participated in Grant's all out assault on Vicksburg. When this operation failed, Grant reluctantly settled into a siege.
On July 12, 1863, the regiment returned to Vicksburg, shortly after its surrender on July 4. Subsequently, the regiment camped in various places near Vicksburg, from which they joined several mop-up operations. During this period, in September, Ed Homeston resigned his position as eagle bearer, John Burkhardt took charge of Old Abe, and Colonel Robbins was replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Jefferson. Under his command, the regiment joined McPherson's expedition to Canton, from October 14 to 20, and participated in expeditions toward Pocahontas, Arkansas against General Nathan Bedford Forest. From February 3, 1864, until March 5, they took part in Sherman's Meridian expedition against an important railroad center and arsenal in eastern Mississippi. 
In the following letter to Governor Edward Salomon, General William T. Sherman summarized the activities of the Eighth Wisconsin during the Vicksburg campaign:
H 15 A C,<br>
Sept. 21st, 1863<br><br><br>
"To His Excellency, the Governor of Wisconsin:"<br><br>
Sir Lt. Col. Jefferson, of the Eighth Wisconsin, is about to start for his home on a short leave of absence, during the period of rest allowed us by the lull of military events in this quarter. I avail myself of the opportunity to express to you my personal and official approbation of the entire regiment since I have had the honor to count it as one of my command. The Eighth Wisconsin has ever done its whole duty, in the camp, on the march and in battle. It has shared with us all the honors and success of our conquest of Mississippi and has displayed peculiar courage and gallantry at Jackson, May 14th, and throughout the siege of Vicksburg.<br><br>
It also, under the leadership of Gen.Mower, cleared the west bank of the river, driving the enemy out of Richmond, La., and bore patiently and man­fully the deadly sickness of Young's Point, till the fall of Vicksburg admit­ted of its recall to join us on this higher and more healthy ground. I am glad to report that the men are fast recovering from the sickness caused by that exposure, and I hope it will share with us our future labors and hon­ors. If within your power, I hope you will fill its thinned ranks, and then I will promise all I can to ensure its return to your State, bearing a full share of honor and fame in the establishment of our General Government on a basis so firm, that no internal or external power can shake it during this generation.<br><br>
With great respect, etc.,<br>
W. T. SHERMAN,<br>
"Maj. Gen."
Sherman was not the only general who had a high regard for the 8th Wisconsin and Old Abe. In the words of David McLain:
I have frequently seen Generals Grant, Sherman, McPherson, Rosecrans, Blair, Logan, and others, when they were passing our regiment, raise their hats as they passed Old Abe, which always brought a cheer from the regiment and then the eagle would spread his wings …
Red River Campaign.
In early 1864, many soldiers in the 8th Wisconsin became eligible for veteran furlough. However, General Sherman made a special request that they join General A. J. Smith's forces who had been assigned to the Red River Campaign, along with troops from the Army of the Gulf, under General Nathaniel P. Banks, and Admiral David Dixon Porter's Mississippi River Squadron. After agreeing to Sherman's request, the regiment joined the Right Wing of the XVI Corps, under the command of General Mower. On March 10, 1864, the contingent began a voyage from Vicksburg down the Mississippi and up the Red River to Simmesport, Louisiana, where they disembarked on March 12. Two days later, Mower's command surprised and captured Fort DeRussy, which opened the river up to Alexandria.
After arriving there on March 16, the troops from Vicksburg settled down to wait for Banks to arrive and to assess opposing forces under General Richard Taylor, who was the son of President Zachary Taylor. While waiting, General Mower assembled a task force, with which he proceeded twenty five miles to Henderson's hill on Bayou Rapides. Here, he encountered Confederate defenses. After leaving a blocking force to engage the defenders at the front, he made a detour of 15 miles to get to their rear, where he arrived around midnight on the cold and rainy night of March 21. On the way, a courier from General Taylor was captured and provided the countersign. This enabled Mower's forces, including the 8th Wisconsin, to overcome the defenses without a shot being fired. In addition to 262 prisoners, 4 guns and 400 horses were taken.
This success made it possible for Smith's army to move quickly upriver to Grand Ecore, where it prepared to support forces of General Banks, which were advancing on Shreveport. On April 8, Banks was routed by Taylor at the battle of Mansfield. This was a decisive victory, for it stopped the Union advance and turned the campaign into a general retreat.
That evening, retreating units under Banks reached Pleasant Hill nearly simultaneously with Smith's XVII and XVI Corps, which included the 8th Wisconsin. These reinforcements enabled the Union to win the next day's battle of Pleasant Hill, but Banks immediately ordered a retreat to Grand Ecore, and from there, to Alexandria. During this retreat, the regiment fought rear guard actions at Natchitoches, Monett's Ferry, and Cloutierville.
On May 16, Union forces reached Mansura where Taylor's army attempted to prevent them from reaching river transportation. After heavy fighting, the Confederates fell back, and the Union troops marched toward Simmesport, where Bailey was building a bridge over the Atchafalaya River that would allow them to reach transport ships. On the 18th, Banks learned that Taylor’s force was deployed near Yellow Bayou and arranged for Mower to stop the Confederates. After several hours of see-saw action, the ground cover caught fire and forced both sides to retire. The next day, Smith's army embarked and reached Vicksburg on the 24th.
In early June 1864, General Smith ordered Mower to launch a forceful demonstration to deter interference with Mississippi river traffic near Lake Village, Arkansas. This town is named for its location on Lake Chicot, an oxbow lake formed from the Mississippi. On the evening of June 5, Mower disembarked and camped near Sunnyside Landing. The next morning, as he marched along the south side of the lake, Confederates, led by General Colton Greene, fought a delaying action at Ditch Bayou and then withdrew. The Union troops advanced to Lake Village, camped there overnight, and the next day, boarded transports that took them to Memphis. At Ditch Bayou, the regiment lost 3 killed and 16 wounded.
Return to Wisconsin.
On June 19,1864, 240 reenlisted veterans left Memphis on furlough, with their eagle. They arrived at Chicago on the 21st. The next day, flags were displayed along the streets of Madison, the bells of the city were rung, and a national salute was fired. At the Capitol, crowds of citizens assembled to greet the veterans and Old Abe. Here, they were addressed by several dignitaries, including General Lucius Fairchild, Colonel Jefferson and Chauncey Abbott, who was a former mayor of Madison.
A few days later, on June 26, 56 veterans of Company C arrived at Eau Claire, with the eagle, and were greeted with booming cannons, martial music, patriotic songs, and an abundant feast. Citizens of Chippewa Falls, constructed a huge wigwam. Here, according to Reverend Joseph O. Barrett, who spoke at the celebration, a great feast was served to Old Abe and the soldiers on July 4, 1864. Afterwards, a procession circled through the streets, headed by a band, the eagle and the veterans.
In August 1864, the veterans and Old Abe returned from furlough to Memphis. During their absence, the regiment had been active in northern Mississippi. Following Forrest's victory over a large Union force at Brice's Crossroads, on June 10, 1864, Sherman vowed to track him down with forces under "two officers at Memphis who will fight all the time, A. J. Smith and J. A. Mower." A month later, Mower's four brigades overtook Forrest near Tupelo, Mississippi, repulsed a series of attacks, and inflicted hundreds of casualties, including the slight wounding of Forrest himself. On August 13, 1864, the day after Mower had been promoted to Major General, the regiment, including the returned troops, participated in another defeat of Forrest's command at Hurricane Creek, Mississippi This was Old Abe's last battle.
Postbellum.
After Wisconsin took possession of Old Abe, state officials classified him as a “War Relic” and created an “Eagle Department” in the Capitol building, which included a two room “apartment,” a custom bathtub for the eagle, and a caretaker. Later John Hill served in this capacity.
Old Abe became a nationally known celebrity, whose presence at events was requested by individuals and organizations from the state and the country. Old Abe appeared at the 1876 Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the 1880 Grand Army of the Republic National Convention. Other events were fundraisers for charities, which included: the 1865 Northwest Sanitary Fair in Illinois, Soldiers' Home Fair, Soldier's Orphan's Home, Harvey Hospital, and Ladies Aid Society of Chippewa Falls.
In February 1881, a small fire broke out in the basement of the Capitol. After Old Abe raised an alarm, the fire was quickly put out. However, the eagle inhaled a large amount of thick black smoke, and about a month later, lost strength and began to decline. On March 26, 1881, in spite of the efforts of numerous doctors, Old Abe died in the arms of caretaker George Gilles.
On September 17, 1881, Old Abe’s stuffed remains were placed in a glass display case located in the rotunda of the Capitol. Four years later, Old Abe was moved, within the Capitol, from the rotunda to the G.A.R. Memorial Hall. In 1900, his remains were transferred to the new building of the State Historical Society of Wisconsin. However, pressure from veterans convinced Governor Robert M. Lafollette to return Old Abe to the Capitol building in 1903. That year, President Theodore Roosevelt viewed the remains and expressed his pleasure at being able to see the eagle he had studied in school as a child. In 1904, Old Abe’s remains and the glass case were destroyed in a fire that razed the Capitol building.
Since 1915, a replica of Old Abe has presided over the Wisconsin State Assembly Chamber in the Capitol, and another is on display at the Wisconsin Veterans Museum in Madison. A stone sculpture of the eagle is at the top of the Camp Randall Arch.
In memoriam.
In 1865, Jerome Case incorporated Old Abe into the trademark of the J. I. Case agricultural equipment manufacturing company of Racine, Wisconsin. This trademark was retired in 1969.
The insignia of the U.S. Army's 101st Airborne Division is a depiction of Old Abe. Wisconsin was the territory of the original 101st Division after World War I, and the insignia's design is based on Civil War traditions of the state. The black shield derives from black hats worn by members of the Iron Brigade. This was a famous Civil War unit composed of western regiments, which included three from Wisconsin, but not the 8th regiment.
Old Abe is the mascot of Eau Claire Memorial High School, whose athletic teams are known as "Old Abes", and of Racine Case High School, whose teams are "Eagles".

</doc>
<doc id="5950477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950477" title="Pescina">
Pescina

Pescina () is a township and "comune" in the province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, central Italy. It is a part of the mountain community Valle del Giovenco.
Geography.
Pescina borders on the communes of Celano, Collarmele, Gioia dei Marsi, Ortona dei Marsi, Ortucchio, Ovindoli, San Benedetto dei Marsi, and Trasacco.
Located in the flatland areas of the province, Pescina has a milder climate compared to other towns and cities in Abruzzo, with temperatures averaging between in the colder months (such as January) to in the warmer months (such as July). Rainfall is relatively heavy, averaging annually and occurring mostly in the late autumn. In the winter snowfall is also relatively abundant.
History.
The Earthquake of 1915.
The earthquake of 1915 (also known as the earthquake of Avezzano) was a dramatic seismic event occurring on 13 January 1915, which struck the entire area of Marsica, situated in the interior of Abruzzo. It was one of the most catastrophic earthquakes to occur in Italian territory, leaving 120,000 victims in Marisca and surrounding areas.
The earthquake occurred at 7:48 AM local time and attained a magnitude of 11 on the Mercalli scale, resonating about 1000 times at lesser magnitudes in successive months. The initial aftershock registered a 7 on the Mercalli scale and was felt throughout all of central Italy.
Pescina was completely leveled by the event. The victims were about 5,000 out of a total population of 6,000. The few who survived were generally badly injured and remained homeless since all of the buildings in town were destroyed. The earthquake completely isolated the area and news of the disaster was only learned of in the late afternoon. Rescuers left on the evening of the 13th, arriving only the day after because of the impassability of the roads caused by landslides and debris.
The seismic event brought to light the lack of preparedness of the Italian state. Eminio Sipari, deputy of the college of Pescina, protested that many victims probably would have been saved with proper precautions. The continuation of World War I, which had begun in autumn of 1914, brought troops to the region and secured the permanence of forces in the afflicted area.
The earthquake of 1915 created interest in the Appennini mountain chain which had not seen such disastrous earthquakes before 1915. Segments of the population which had no geological competence developed theories to explain the great earthquake, placing the blame on human activities in the area. In this case, it was the drainage of lake Fucino which was credited for causing the quake. However, such as the case with all other previous earthquakes, the great quake of 1915 was caused by the movement of and release of pent-up energy of an important tectonic fault.
Like most other areas of Italy, Pescina has a diaspora still extant in the New World. The families of "Galli" and "Villanucci", which have had a presence in Pescina since at least 1880, have members in at least two American cities: Portland, Maine and Providence, Rhode Island.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950481" title="Pescocostanzo">
Pescocostanzo

Pescocostanzo is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy

</doc>
<doc id="5950484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950484" title="Balmoral (play)">
Balmoral (play)

Balmoral (aka "Liberty Hall") is a 1987 farcical play by British playwright Michael Frayn.

</doc>
<doc id="5950485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950485" title="Pettorano sul Gizio">
Pettorano sul Gizio

Pettorano sul Gizio is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy

</doc>
<doc id="5950489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950489" title="Barbara Boggs Sigmund">
Barbara Boggs Sigmund

Barbara Boggs Sigmund (May 27, 1939 – October 10, 1990) was a daughter of the powerful Democratic United States Representative Hale Boggs of Louisiana, and Lindy Boggs, who became a Congresswoman from Louisiana after her husband Hale died in an air crash.
Biography.
A graduate of Stone Ridge School of the Sacred Heart and Manhattanville College, she taught at the Stuart Country Day School of the Sacred Heart (Princeton, N.J.), which, in honor of her life, now annually awards the Barbara Boggs Sigmund Alumnae Award.
Sigmund worked as a letter writer for President John F. Kennedy, and served as a member of the Mercer County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders. In 1982, she finished fourth out of nine in the 1982 New Jersey Democratic Senate primary, which was won by Frank Lautenberg (who has since served more than 20 years in the Senate). The other two candidates with more votes were former United States Congressmen. She was elected Mayor of the Borough of Princeton, New Jersey from 1983 to her death in 1990.
Sigmund founded "Womanspace", a Mercer County, New Jersey non-profit agency that provides services — 24-hour hotlines, crisis intervention, emergency shelter, counseling, court advocacy, and housing — to victims and survivors of domestic and sexual violence.
In 1990, Sigmund died of cancer, aged 51, following an 8-year battle. She had lost an eye to the disease, necessitating an eyepatch. The patch became iconic when she attended events as the mayor, sporting an eye patch matched to her outfit. 
Her siblings are Cokie Roberts and Tommy Boggs. In addition to her mother and siblings, she was survived by her husband, Paul Sigmund, and their three sons, Paul Jr., David, and Stephen.
Though her political work was in New Jersey, Sigmund was inducted posthumously in 2005 into the Louisiana Political Museum and Hall of Fame in Winnfield. The Hall of Fame had earlier inducted her father and mother.

</doc>
<doc id="5950490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950490" title="Pizzoli">
Pizzoli

Pizzoli is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the natural park known as the "Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park".
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950493" title="Poggio Picenze">
Poggio Picenze

Poggio Picenze is a comune and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy. Poggio Picenze is a small city with about 1,000 inhabitants. Located on Italy’s Highway 17, it is from the Abruzzese Apennines and about from the city of L'Aquila. It sits above sea level and overlooks the Aquila basin. It is also part of the mountain community of Campo Imperatore-Piana Navelli.
Geography.
This farming town has the characteristic of being divided into two distinct urban areas. The region is known for the numerous white limestone quarries that mined and processed the ""La Pietra del Poggio"" (White Stone). Its white gentle appearance and its physical characteristics make it easy to work with, but moreover, it also has the properties of being hardened and covered with a golden patina over time. Due to this resource and the work of master masons of Poggio were authors of hundreds of ornate doorways, balconies, patios, porches, fountains, and eagles.
History.
Poggio Picenze’s name derives from the ancient castle which was built on the side of Mount Picenze, the name derives in turn from Piceni, also called Picentia, which established several settlements in the area around the 3rd century B.C. The date of the castle dates back to around the year 1000, it is referenced in documents around 1173. ""Podio de Picentia"” had fortified walls and six towers, including one high in the middle. Remains of the castle are still visible in the old part of town.
Pre-feudal era.
Poggio Picenze castle's position repeatedly exposed it to raids. In 1423, the castle withstood the siege for two long days by Braccio da Montone, giving time for the denizens to organize resistance, but eventually capitulated before the ruthless conqueror. One of the castles of the Contado Aquilano (L’Aquila Countryside), was given by Emperor Charles the V, after a peasant rebellion in 1533 to Antonio Aldana; later it belonged to the Alfieri family from L'Aquila.
Feudal era.
Poggio Picenze was assigned to the Spaniard Giagiacomo of Léognan Castriota, a talented leader who in 1566 settled there in preference to all his many possessions. After Léognan, the estate passed in the 18th century to the Marquis De Sterlich of Chieti, Italy. The town was badly damaged in the October 6th, 1762 earthquake and required substantial reconstruction work. In 1806, the era of feudalism endeded, and Poggio Picenze's castle was partially demolished in 1832 as it became unsafe due to continual earthquakes.
Modern era.
In the late 19th century, Poggio Picenze would experience out migration that affected most of Italy, where 75 percent of the population would leave in the span of a century. Despite air raids on nearby L’Aquila during World War II, Poggio Picenze’s historical buildings remained relatively unscathed .
In 2009, Poggio Picenze would suffer fatalities from an earthquake that occurred at 3:32 local time (1:32 UTC) on 6 April 2009, and was rated 5.8 on the Richter scale and 6.3 on the moment magnitude scale; its epicenter was near L'Aquila, the capital of Abruzzo, which together with surrounding villages suffered the most damage. There have been several thousand aftershocks since, and more than thirty of which had a Richter magnitude greater than 3.5.
Architecture.
Poggio Picenze’s white stone provides many noteworthy architectural artifacts.
Fontana di San Rocco.
The fountain is bounded by a staircase and is characterized by two tanks closed in niches with three columns topped by capitals. The tanks are supported by small piers. The drinking fountain is of exquisite workmanship, and the simplicity of the lines gives it simple elegance.
Chiesa di San Felice Martire.
The parish church is dedicated to Saint Felix the Martyr. Its first unit was built around the mid-15th century, and suffered severe damage during the earthquake of 1762 but was soon rebuilt and enlarged. Its stone facade of the late 16th century was finally restored in 1870 with local stone. 
The interior has three naves divided by columns, with a Baroque-Classical style interior altars, statues and paintings. The altar is dedicated to St. John and was the work of Renaissance master Thomas Rocco of Vicenza.
Chiesa Della Visitazione.
This church was built between the 15th and 16th centuries. Its facade is Romanesque, whose upper part has a crucifix in high relief. In the early 20th century, farmers attended the Mass before going to work in the fields.
Church of San Giuliano di San Rocco.
This church’s construction dates from the early 15th century, where previously there was a small hospital until 1447. It had a simple design with crisp front and pilasters in local stone, the interior has a single aisle with tettoe ceiling in wood. The church of San Rocco while notable, was destroyed by an earthquake January 13, 1915.
Festivals and events.
Many cultural events of Poggio Picenze take place throughout the summer. 
Poggio Picenze in Blues.
A popular festival is the ""Poggio Picenze in Blues"," which is held traditionally on the second weekend of July. It is a music festival featuring rhythm and blues in the town square. The square’s acoustics with medieval architecture make it popular with musicians.
Feast of the Patron Saint San Felice.
On June 18 the feast of the patron saint is celebrated. In the morning, the faithful attend a Mass in his honor, then the festival committee members take place the effigy in a case which was donated by the city of Gerona, Spain. The climax of the festival, La Banda Musicale (Music band) and bonfires announce the opening of the reliquary. The Saint is placed on the dais to be carried in a procession through the streets of the city. After completing the course, traditional gunfire announces that the saint made his appearance to the city and is ready to return to church.
Sagra Degli Spizzichi E Della Pecora Alla Chiaranese (Festival of the Sheep to Chiaranese).
This festival is held annually on Friday Saturday and Sunday in the first week of August. Its advent was in the early 1970s and was devoted primarily to those who have migrated out but are still devoted to Poggio Picenze, it is sometimes referred to as ""The Emigrant's Week"." It celebrates being connected to those who have migrated throughout the world and to welcome them back.
Sports.
The town of Poggio Picenze organizes annual sporting events such as running and cycling races. The bowling club offers an elite school bowling club.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950496" title="Harriton House">
Harriton House

Harriton House, originally known as Bryn Mawr, is an historic house on Pennsylvania's Main Line, most famously the residence of Charles Thomson, the secretary of the Continental Congress. It was originally built in 1704 by Rowland Ellis, a Welsh Quaker, and was called Bryn Mawr, meaning "high hill." The modern town of Bryn Mawr is named after the house, and the National Register listing is under the original name.
It was originally built as a "T"-shaped, two-story, fieldstone dwelling with a gable roof. The original front section is approximately 37 feet wide and 22 feet deep and rear extension approximately 18 feet wide and 23 feet deep. A one-story brick kitchen was added to the end of the rear extension. The house was renovated in 1911 and major additions made in 1926.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Harriton Association.
The Harriton Association was started by a group of people who were concerned that the house and its surrounding grounds, which were privately owned at the time, would be subdivided and developed. The Association removed the 1926 additions and restored the house to look as it did when Charles Thomson lived in it in time for the 1976 Bicentennial of the United States.
The Association operates Harriton House as an historic house museum and cultural resource. Tours are given from Wednesday through Saturday, and special events are held at the house through the year.

</doc>
<doc id="5950498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950498" title="Prata d'Ansidonia">
Prata d'Ansidonia

Prata d'Ansidonia is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950505" title="Pratola Peligna">
Pratola Peligna

Pratola Peligna is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy. As of 2009, it has a population of 7,888 inhabitants.
Geography.
Pratola Peligna is located in the Province of L'Aquila in Abruzzo. It is considered part of the Southern Zone of Italy. It is bordered by Caramanico Terme, Corfinio, Prezza, Raiano, Roccacasale, Salle, and Sulmona. The town has five localities (in Italian "frazioni"): Badia-Bagnatura, Capo la Costa, Costa d'Orsa, Ponte la Torre, and Villa.
History.
The town did not officially take the name of Pratola Peligna until after the unification of Italy in 1863.
Honors.
Following World War II, the Italian Republic awarded Pratola Peligna with the Bronze Medal of Civil Merit (Medaglia di bronzo al Merito Civile).
"Strategically important centre, during the last world war, was subjected to constant and violent bombings that caused numerous civilian casualties and the destruction of the industry. The population, forced to take refuge in the surrounding countryside, contributed to the war of liberation with the Constitution of the first partisans, suffering a fierce retaliation by the German Army."
-Pratola Peligna (AQ) 1943-1944
Employment.
There are 159 industrial firms and 192 service firms located in Pratola Peligna. The remaining laborers work at the other 201 firms and the 49 administrative offices in the town. In all, 2,137 citizens work in Pratola Peligna, or 27% of the population.

</doc>
<doc id="5950507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950507" title="Gothic Beauty">
Gothic Beauty

Gothic Beauty is an American magazine established by editor Steven Holiday in the fall of 2000 after the success of the Internet social group of the same name. "Gothic Beauty" covers numerous aspects of underground culture including fashion, music, events and various forms of entertainment. Issues have included interviews with such Goth and Goth-friendly musicians as Alice Cooper, Diamanda Galás, KMFDM, Rasputina and Peter Murphy. Also featured are interviews with fashion designers and other icons of the gothic and alternative subcultures, and myriad music reviews. Their main office is currently located in Portland, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="5950509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950509" title="How Can This Be">
How Can This Be

"How Can This Be?" (Atlantic PRCD 5092 "PROMOTIONAL COPY NOT FOR SALE") is the third single from Debbie Gibson's album "Body, Mind, Soul" (LP 82450), released in 1993. It was released in the U.S. for promotion only.
(Deborah Gibson) Music Sales Corp., ASCAP

</doc>
<doc id="5950510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950510" title="Raiano">
Raiano

Raiano is a town and "comune" of the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
Geography.
Raiano is located at above sea level, on the western side of the Peligna Valley. In his Naturalis Historia, Pliny the Elder subdivided the Peligna region and its people into three categories: "Paelignorum Corfinienses, Superequani et Sulmonenses". Raiano lies in the Corfinienses region on the south side of the Aterno river valley, only from the remains of the ancient city of Corfinium.
History.
The Villa Ragiani, or "Castrum Radiani", was raised on the hill of Castellone in the Middle Ages, with the earliest references appearing in 872. This little village, that in the 10th century hosted for a short time emperors Otto I and Otto III, was ruled throughout the Middle Ages by the feudal events of the surrounding area and the Kingdom of Sicily, subject to the successive reigns of the Normans, the Hohenstaufen, the Angevins, and the Aragonese.
It maintained a notable importance, however, thanks to the barracks in the north-western Peligna Valley and its strategic position along the old Celano-Foggia Path and the ancient Via Tiburtina Valeria. The old town was deserted in the second half of the 15th century, after many earthquakes.
Notes and references.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950513" title="Rivisondoli">
Rivisondoli

Rivisondoli is a village and "comune" in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy. It is a ski resort.
Geography.
The village is placed in the plateau of Cinque Miglia and extended on the flank of Monte Calvario.
History.
The small mountain town, whose origins are lost in the mists of time (the first mention dates back to the eighth century AD - Diploma Grimoaldo II, Duke of Benevento, in 724).
Rivisondoli rose in the 12th century in a strategic position along an important military and commercial route, the "Via degli Abruzzi" and was renowned for its production of weapons. A fire almost completely destroyed the village in 1792. Subsequently, the establishment of the Sulmona-Isernia railway helped the development of tourism. In 1913 the Italian Royal Family had its residence here.
Economy.
The village's economy is based on winter tourism, with many skilifts, chairlifts, hotels, restaurants, bars and pubs.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950517" title="GgNMOS">
GgNMOS

ggNMOS is an abbreviation for grounded-gate NMOS. A ggNMOS is an electrostatic discharge (ESD) protection device used within CMOS integrated circuits (IC). The importance of using of such devices within ICs can been seen in the statistics reported by , in which 35% of all IC field failures are claimed to be associated with ESD damage.
Principle of Operation.
Structure.
As the name implies, a ggNMOS device consists of a relatively large (W/L) NMOS device in which the gate, source, and body are tied together to ground. The drain of the ggNMOS is connected to the I/O pad under protection. A parasitic "npn" bipolar junction transistor (BJT) is thus formed with the drain (n-type) acting as the collector, the base/source combination (n-type) as the emitter, and the substrate (p-type) as the base. As is explained below, a key element to the operation of the ggNMOS is the parasitic resistance present between the emitter and base terminals of the parasitic npn BJT. This resistance is a result of the finite conductivity of the p-type doped substrate.
Operation.
When a positive ESD event appears upon the I/O pad (drain) the collector-base junction of the parasitic npn becomes reverse biased to the point of avalanche breakdown. At this point the positive current flowing from the base to ground induces a voltage potential across the parasitic resistor, causing a positive voltage to appear across the base-emitter junction. The positive VBE forward biases this junction, triggering the parasistic npn bipolar transistor.

</doc>
<doc id="5950520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950520" title="Rocca Pia">
Rocca Pia

Rocca Pia is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy. His territory extended up to the level of Cinquemiglia. Rocca Pia is also the name of a castle in Tivoli, near Rome of Italy.
Castle Rocca Pia.
The castle replaced the earlier Callisto II Borgia and derives its name from Pio II Piccolomini, the Humanist Pope who had ordered that the castle be built in Tivoli. Niccolo and Varrone were the two architects entrusted with the construction of the castle. The castle took one year to build and its main purpose was to control the city and to prevent any future revolts or violence.

</doc>
<doc id="5950523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950523" title="Rocca di Botte">
Rocca di Botte

Rocca di Botte is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, central Italy.
References.
Rocca di Botte is an Italian town of 910 people in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region. It is part of the mountain community Marsica 1. During the Middle Ages the town was known as Rocca de Bucte according to some documents dating back to the twelfth century. Rocca di Botte suffered a serious outbreak of plague in the seventeenth century, which caused a sharp depopulation. In 1496 the country became a fief of the important Roman family of the Colonna thanks to the donation made to this dynasty by Ferdinand II of Naples.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950526" title="Rocca di Cambio">
Rocca di Cambio

Rocca di Cambio is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy. 
Located in the northern part of the Altopiano delle Rocche, the communal territory is included in the Sirente-Velino Regional Park. Sights include the Abbey of Santa Lucia and the nearby Campo Felice ski resort.
Numerous buildings were damaged in the course of the 2009 L'Aquila earthquake, whose epicenter was located nearby, on the boundary with Lucoli.
References.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950528" title="Boian, Alberta">
Boian, Alberta

Boian, is an unincorporated community in Alberta, Canada. It is located in the floodplain of the North Saskatchewan River, 6 km east of Willingdon, in County of Two Hills No. 21. It is the oldest Romanian settlement in Canada.
History.
The first Romanian colons arrived here in late 19th century, most of them coming from Bukovina, then part of the Austrian Empire as "Duchy of Bukovina". Today, most of the remaining inhabitants are of Romanian descent.
The community was named for Boian, the Romanian village in Bukovina, from where the settlers originated. In the fall of 1903, the community built a Romanian Orthodox Church, named by locals like the one in their homeland, "St Mary Orthodox Church". It was completed in the summer of 1905. By the year 1909, the need of a Romanian language school became more accentuated, and a small building was constructed in 1910, including almost all the subjects taught in Romania at the time.
The Romanians of Boian later encouraged their relatives from Edmonton or Calgary to move there, due to the fertile farmland, the lakes and forests.
Today, the Romanian school is a museum showcasing Romanian immigration in Alberta, photos of the first Romanian settlers in the area and the typical Romanian farmer's life in rural Canada. As well, the house of the local family Yurko has been moved to the Ukrainian Cultural Heritage Village where it portrays the similarities and differences between Ukrainian Canadian and Romanian Canadian culture.

</doc>
<doc id="5950529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950529" title="Rocca di Mezzo">
Rocca di Mezzo

Rocca di Mezzo is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.
It is home to the seat of the Sirente-Velino Regional Park.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950535" title="Roccacasale">
Roccacasale

Roccacasale is a "comune" in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy. Built on the slopes of the Monte della Rocca in the central Apennines, the village overlooks the Peligna Valley and the town of Sulmona.
The village arose from a small settlement called Casali, which had few inhabitants prior to 925. As a result of the construction of the fortified "rocca", sited to control the entrance to the Valle del Sangro and the Cinquemiglia plain, from Saracen or Byzantine, the centre formed, with the passing of time, into a typical medieval walled village on the slopes directly under the castle. The higher part of the village consists of steep roads leading towards the castle, and linked by narrow passageways between buildings constructed on the naked bedrock. Inside the ancient village are the church of Saint Michael Archangel (consecrated in 1579) and the remains of the baronial "palazzo", constructed by the de Sanctis, barons of Roccacasale, next to the church more recently than the castle; very little remains of the "palazzo" today.

</doc>
<doc id="5950537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950537" title="John Barrett (ice hockey)">
John Barrett (ice hockey)

John David Barrett (born July 1, 1958 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player.
Career.
A defenceman, Barrett was selected in the 1978 NHL Entry Draft by the Detroit Red Wings with whom he spent most of his NHL career. His older brother Fred was also an NHL defenceman. Both of their careers were cut short by injuries. Following repeated kneecap breaks, John retired after 488 NHL games, recording 20 goals, 77 assists, (97 points), and 604 penalty minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="5950539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950539" title="Roccaraso">
Roccaraso

Roccaraso is a town and "comune" of the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950545" title="San Benedetto dei Marsi">
San Benedetto dei Marsi

San Benedetto dei Marsi (Latin: Marruvium or Marrubium; Greek: ) is a "comune "and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is on the eastern shore of the dried Lake Fucino, from the remains of another ancient site, Alba Fucens.
Near the town is the stream Giovenco, identified as the ancient stream known as "Pitonius".
History.
The ancient "Marruvium "was the chief city of the Italic tribe of the Marsi; "Marruvii "or "Marrubii " is another form of the name of the Marsi, and was used by Virgil as an ethnic appellation ("Marruvia de gente", Aen. vii. 750).
In accordance with this, Silius Italicus also describes Marruvium as deriving its name from a certain Marrus, who is evidently only an eponymous hero of the Marsi. (Sil. Ital. viii. 505.) We have no account of Marruvium, however, previous to the Roman conquest of the Marsic territory; but under the Roman Empire it was a flourishing municipal town; it is noticed as such both by Strabo and Pliny, and in inscriptions we find it called "splendidissima civitas Marsorum Marruvium". (Strab. v. p. 241; Plin. iii. 12. s. 17; Mommsen, "Inscr. R. N." 5491, 5499; Orell. "Inscr." 3149.) 
It was also called Civitas Marsorum, and, in the Middle Ages, Civitas Marsicana. (Lib. Colon. pp. 229, 256.) It is noticed in the Tabula Peutingeriana, which places it 13 M. P. from Alba; but it was not situated on the Via Valeria, and must have communicated with that high-road by a branch from Cerfennia. (Tab. Peut.)
The town was an episcopal see in the Middle Ages, being destroyed in 1340 during the Angevine wars for the conquest of the Kingdom of Naples. In 1580 the see was moved to the neighboring town of Pescina. 
Main sights.
Considerable ruins of the ancient city still remain, including portions of its walls and the remains of an amphitheatre, and numerous inscriptions, as well as statues, have been discovered on the site. These ruins are situated close to the margin of the lake, about below Pescina. (Holsten. ad Cluver. p. 151; Romanelli, vol. iii. p. 180-186; Kramer, "Fuciner See", p. 55; Hoare's "Class. Tour", vol. i. pp. 357-361. The inscriptions are collected by Mommsen, ("I. R. N." pp. 290-294.)
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950552" title="Free Me (Debbie Gibson song)">
Free Me (Debbie Gibson song)

"Free Me" (Atlantic Japan / Warner-Pioneer AMDY-5109) is a song by Debbie Gibson, released as a single in 1993, from her album "Body, Mind, Soul". It was released as a 12" single for promotion only in the U.S. and U.K. and as a commercial CD-single in Japan.
Track listing (Atlantic DMD 2001).
"PROMOTIONAL COPY NOT FOR SALE"<br>
"Free Me"
(Deborah Gibson/Carl Sturken/Evan Rogers) Music Sales Corp., ASCAP/Bayjun Beat Music/Warner-Tamerlane Pub. Corp./Could Be Music, ASCAP

</doc>
<doc id="5950555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950555" title="San Demetrio ne' Vestini">
San Demetrio ne' Vestini

San Demetrio ne'Vestini is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy
In the 18th century, was ruled by the Arcamone family. ( Duke of San Demetrio ) - ( Arcamone Palace )
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950558" title="San Pio delle Camere">
San Pio delle Camere

San Pio delle Camere is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950561" title="San Vincenzo Valle Roveto">
San Vincenzo Valle Roveto

San Vincenzo Valle Roveto is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950567" title="Titannus">
Titannus

Titannus is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe. He first appeared in "Marvel Team-Up" (vol. 3) #2, and was created by Robert Kirkman and Scott Kolins.
Fictional character biography.
Originally, Titannus was a Skrull who, lacking shape-shifting abilities, became one of the subjects of the Super-Skrull project, giving him enhanced strength and a healing factor that would allow him to recover from any wound. Leaving his world, he eventually arrived on the planet Trellion, where he was brainwashed by the inhabitants to act as their agent. Believing that he was fleeing an oppressive ruler, he escaped with the woman he loved (against her will) and traveled to planet Earth in an attempt to seek the aid of the heroes so they could revolt against Trellion.
His spacecraft crash landing in Japan, Titannus observed the heroes of Earth for several months and attempted to 'gain their attention' by destroying Tokyo, defeating the premier superhero of Japan, Sunfire and killing countless soldiers of the Japanese army.
Sensing the disturbance, Doctor Strange assembled a new team of Defenders to oppose the alien, consisting of Spider-Man, She-Hulk, Ms. Marvel and Nova, seeking out the Incredible Hulk out of a need for his strength, the team as a whole meeting Wolverine in Tokyo where he was already attempting to fight Titannus. Titannus attempted to win them over to his side by recounting the story he had been brainwashed with and claiming that he had merely lost his temper when attacked by Sunfire, but Doctor Strange sensed little truth in Titannus' words, and Spider-Man stated that they did "not" help someone who blew up a city just because he had a tragic story to tell them. Despite their best efforts, however, the gathered heroes were unable to stop Titannus, who displayed enough power to defeat even the Hulk with ease by absorbing the gamma radiation that powered the behemoth, as well as breaking She-Hulk's left arm. When Titannus' beloved was woken up by Strange and Nova, the truth was revealed and Titannus, having been so dependent on his love for her, was driven to suicide by her rejection--apparently killing himself by crushing his own head. (Spider-Man later speculated that she had been angry at the failure of her peoples' plan to attack Earth's heroes).
However, his healing factor was so advanced that it allowed him to grow a new head, although he appeared to suffer from total amnesia, possibly because of his development of a completely new brain. Later, some insane scientists from Tokyo took control over Titannus and ordered him to attack the United States, believing that Titannus had been part of a US attempt to conquer Japan. Again some superheroes (Doctor Strange, Spider-Man, Ms Marvel, She-Hulk, Wolverine, Luke Cage and Captain America) had to assemble to subdue the monster. Titannus was defeated and taken in by S.H.I.E.L.D., thanks to the new arrival of new hero Crusader, who distracted him by creating an illusionary reality where he'd killed all of his opponents while Doctor Strange found the location of the people who controlled him, modifying their technology to keep Titannus dormant.
Other versions.
Earth-5012.
In a reality where the Avengers never disbanded, the Vision detected Titannus' ship upon its arrival. After making contact with Titannus, the Avengers came with him to Trellion, sympathising with him because of his 'false' story, only to be attacked by Titannus and the natives of the planet upon their arrival.
The Wasp was killed instantly, Hank Pym (Apparently another Hulk in this timeline) was announced missing in action, and Captain America was executed to break the spirits of the remaining Avengers. It took five years for the reserve Avengers to rescue the team, and another five before the Trellions were convinced to leave Earth alone. In this world, Reed Richards presumably made an unknown fatal mistake that led to the deaths of many, and the Iron Man of this timeline took on the familiar trappings of Doctor Doom to oppose Richards. During the first story arc of the third "Marvel Team-Up" series, this twisted version of Tony Stark has come to Earth 616, the primary Earth of the Marvel Universe, and now goes by the name of Iron Maniac.

</doc>
<doc id="5950569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950569" title="Sant'Eusanio Forconese">
Sant'Eusanio Forconese

Sant'Eusanio Forconese is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
Sant'Eusanio is a pictureque hamlet nestled in the mountains of central Italy.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950571" title="Sante Marie">
Sante Marie

Sante Marie is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy
It is served by a station on the Rome-Pescara railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="5950577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950577" title="Santo Stefano di Sessanio">
Santo Stefano di Sessanio

Santo Stefano di Sessanio is a "comune" and hill town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy. Located in an Italian national park, the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park,in the highest region of the Apennines, this medieval hill town sits adjacent to the high plain of Campo Imperatore.
Population and economy.
The tiny medieval village of Santo Stefano lay largely abandoned with many of its ancient building in ruins and only 70 inhabitants until recent years. Now, many of the village's buildings have been restored. Some comprise the Sextantio Albergo Diffuso, or extended hotel. Other structures have been restored as vacation homes. The village's population as of 1 January 2009 was 124. However, with its proximity to Rome of by car, or less than two hour's drive, the small village has become a fashionable weekend and summer retreat, among its most notable part-time residents is Lucio Dalla, the Italian singer and songwriter. The village's main source of income is tourism with small boutiques, art galleries and eateries tucked into ancient stone structures.
Along with its neighbor Castel del Monte, Santo Stefano has been named one of Italy's prettiest villages, "I Borghi Piu belli D’Italia", and recognized by the Slow Food movement for its sustainable agriculture, in particular its gourmet lentils, "lenticchie". The town holds a festival the first weekend September of each year, the "Sagra delle Lenticchie", celebrating this food.
History.
“Sessanio” or "Sextantia”, as it was called in Roman times, is the patron saint of the village. Many structures in the village date from the 11th through 15th centuries. In the 12th century, Santo Stefano was part of the Baronage of Carapelle, which included Castel del Monte, Calascio, Capestrano, Carapelle, Castelvecchio, Ofena, and Villa S. Lucia. The still standing village portal and now destroyed circular tower (the town's most notable architectural landmark) were constructed by the Medicis. The entrance portal, which leads to the village's main square, is emblazoned with the Medici coat of arms. Other historic structures include the Church of Santa Maria in Ruvo, Casa Fortezza, the Church of Santo Stefano, the ruins of the Palazzo Anelli, the Church of Santa Maria delle Grazie, and the Convent S. Maria del Monte.
2009 earthquake.
In the 2009 L'Aquila earthquake, Santo Stefano lost its two most precious architectural prizes: its Medici Tower, the town's iconic symbol, which totally collapsed, and its 17th century Church of the Madonna del Lago, which lost most of its front facade and suffered a major roof collapse. The hill town's other ancient masonry buildings largely survived although many suffered structural damage. The Medici Tower is believed to have been rendered vulnerable to collapse because of 20th-century renovations to the tower's observation platform, which replaced a wooden deck with one made of reinforced concrete, thus making the tower top-heavy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950578" title="Angelo La Barbera">
Angelo La Barbera

Angelo La Barbera (July 3, 1924 – October 28, 1975) was a powerful member of the Sicilian Mafia. Together with his brother Salvatore La Barbera (Palermo, April 20, 1922 – January 17, 1963) he ruled the Mafia family of Palermo Centro. Salvatore La Barbera sat on the first Sicilian Mafia Commission that was set up in 1958 as the capo mandamento for Mafia families of Borgo Vecchio, Porta Nuova and Palermo Centro. 
Gaia Servadio, an English\Italian journalist who wrote a biography on Angelo La Barbera, described him as the symbol of the quick, clever gangster. The new post-war mafioso who in the end became the victim of the many politicians he himself had built. He represented the proletariat who tried to become mafioso, middle class, and ultimately did not succeed.
Mafia career.
Angelo and Salvatore La Barbera were born in the slums of the neighbourhood of Partanna-Mondello in Palermo. Their father was an itinerant charcoal burner and vendor. They started with petty larceny and murder and raised themselves to become prominent leaders of a new generation of mafiosi in the 1950s and 1960s who made their fortune in real estate transactions, cigarette smuggling and heroin trafficking. The brothers were bent on transcending the indignities of their poverty. Angelo la Barbera became the protégé of a local Mafia boss, and by 1952 they had organized a building supply company. They then murdered the right-hand man to the contractor Salvatore Moncada, so that they could become the construction entrepreneur’s lieutenants. 
By 1955 Angelo La Barbera had become the vice-boss and de facto head of the Palermo Centro cosca. One of the La Barbera’s hitmen was Tommaso Buscetta, who subsequently became a pentito (collaborating witness) in 1984. Still in his thirties, Angelo la Barbera began acting like a man of affairs, acquiring bulldozers, trucks and other construction equipment as well as apartment buildings. Generous and charming, he assumed the life style of a Chicago gangster of the 1930s, with new cars, luxurious clothes and frequent visits to Milan and Rome, where he stayed in the best hotels, surrounded by beautiful women. Buscetta remembers Angelo La Barbera as "arrogant and haughty".
The La Barbera brothers together with other upstart Mafia bosses like Pietro Torretta and their henchmen formed the so-called ‘New Mafia’ which adopted new gangster techniques. Other smaller cosche came to recognize the supremacy of these bosses – a supremacy achieved by sheer violence. Men who were starting their ‘careers’ in their shadow were forming into new generation of mafiosi; they had initiative, and the road to leadership of a cosca had suddenly become quicker and available to those who were fast with their tommy-guns. One of these upstarts was Tommaso Buscetta, another was Gerlando Alberti.
Ties with politics.
The new generation of mafiosi like La Barbera needed to create a new political base of their own, pushing forward new politicians through which they could influence control over regional corporations, credit banks and circumvent building regulations. Angelo La Barbera had connections with local politicians of the Christian Democrat party (DC - Democrazia Cristiana) – in particular with Salvo Lima, the mayor of Palermo from 1958-1963. In 1964, during an investigation, Lima had to admit that he knew Angelo La Barbera. According to Buscetta, Lima’s father, Vincenzo Lima, was a "man of honour" of the Palermo Centro Mafia family that was led by the La Barbera brothers. Lima's election was supported by the La Barbera clan. Their candidate in the national parliament was Giovanni Gioia.
Lima’s period as mayor of Palermo was later referred to as the "Sack of Palermo" because the construction boom led to the destruction of the city's green belt and villas that gave it architectural grace, to make way for characterless and shoddily constructed apartment blocks. In the meantime Palermo’s historical centre was allowed to crumble. The La Barbera's were connected to the leading construction entrepreneur Francesco Vassallo. In five years, 4,000 building licences were signed, more than half of them in the names of three pensioners who acted as front men and had no connection with construction at all.
Heroin trafficking.
The La Barbera brothers were present at a series of meetings between top American and Sicilian mafiosi that took place in Palermo between October 12–16, 1957, in hotel Delle Palme in Palermo. Joseph Bonanno, Lucky Luciano, John Bonventre, Frank Garofalo, Santo Sorge and Carmine Galante were among the American mafiosi present, while among the Sicilian side there were Salvatore "Ciaschiteddu" Greco and his cousin Salvatore Greco "The Engineer", Giuseppe Genco Russo, Gaetano Badalamenti, Calcedonio Di Pisa and Tommaso Buscetta. One of the issues at the meetings was the organisation of heroin trafficking to the United States.
In 1960 Angelo La Barbera was spotted in Mexico City and subsequently expelled from the United States and Canada for allegedly organising trafficking in heroin. According to Buscetta, La Barbera tried to smuggle heroin from Mexico into the US, but was stopped by Carlo Gambino, the boss of the powerful Gambino crime family in New York, who threatened to kill him if he would proceed.
On the Commission.
Salvatore La Barbera became a member of the first Sicilian Mafia Commission when it was set up somewhere in 1958. However, the La Barbera’s soon ran into trouble with the Commission, when the contractor Moncada (formerly La Barbera’s patron) complained before the Commission that the La Barberas overcharged him on building supplies. The Commission decided in Moncada’s favour and ordered Angelo La Barbera to give up the leadership of the Palermo Centro family—which he refused to do. Angelo La Barbera refused to recognize the authority of the Commission over his family altogether.
First Mafia War.
The La Barbera brothers were the protagonists in a bloody conflict between rival clans in Palermo in the early 1960s. Known as the First Mafia War—a second started in the early 1980s—the struggle was about wresting control of Palermo’s rackets in the markets, sale of building-sites, construction and heroin trade to North America from the older Mafia.
The conflict erupted over an underweight shipment of heroin. Cesare Manzella, the Greco cousins from Ciaculli and the La Barbera brothers had financed the shipment. Suspicion fell on Calcedonio Di Pisa, who had collected the heroin for Manzella from the Corsican supplier, Pascal Molinelli, and had organised the transport to Manzella’s partners in New York. 
The case was brought before the Mafia Commission, but disagreement on how to handle it, and old hostility towards the La Barberas, led to a bloody conflict, between clan’s allied with the Greco’s, headed by Salvatore Greco "Ciaschiteddu", and clan’s allied with the La Barberas. What sparked a series of attacks and counter-attacks was the killing of Di Pisa on December 26, 1962. The Grecos suspected Salvatore and Angelo La Barbera of the attack. 
On January 17, 1963, Salvatore La Barbera disappeared and was never heard of again. Angelo La Barbera also disappeared, but two weeks later he reappeared in Milan, in the north of Italy, giving a press conference. The involvement of the media in Mafia affairs was unheard of at the time. Meanwhile La Barbera tried to retaliate, but the rival clans were closing in. On May 25, 1963, he was shot in Milan and severely wounded. He was arrested in the hospital. Buscetta admits to having accepted a contract to kill Angelo La Barbera, but claims that someone else carried out the shooting in Milan before he could.
On June 30, 1963, a car bomb in Ciaculli killed seven police and military officers sent to defuse it after an anonymous phone call. The outrage over the Ciaculli massacre changed the Mafia war into a war against the Mafia. It prompted the first concerted anti-Mafia efforts by the state in post-war Italy. The Sicilian Mafia Commission was dissolved and of those mafiosi who had escaped arrest many went abroad.
Trial and death.
Angelo La Barbera was charged with seven murders. He was one of the few mafiosi who received a heavy sentence at the Trial of the 114 against the Mafia in Catanzaro in December 1968. He was sentenced to 22 years, but appealed. In May 1970, a government decree established that defendants whose sentences had not yet become final after they had been held without bail for four to six years had to be released provisionally pending their appeals. La Barbera was one of the benefactors.
Pending the appeal, he was sent into banishment in the North of Italy and later to Linosa, a remote island off the coast of Sicily. When he was finally locked up in a prison in Perugia in 1975 three mafiosi stabbed him to death on October 28, 1975. By then his power and influence had declined sharply. The Mafia family he had led was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="5950581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950581" title="List of Pirates of the Caribbean characters">
List of Pirates of the Caribbean characters

This is a list of characters appearing in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" film series.
Primary characters.
Captain Jack Sparrow.
Captain Jack Sparrow is the protagonist of On Stranger Tides, portrayed by Johnny Depp. First introduced in the film ' (2003), he later appears in the sequels ' (2006), ' (2007), and ' (2011). Originally conceived as a supporting character, Jack Sparrow was brought to life by actor Johnny Depp, who based his characterization on The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards and cartoon character Pepé Le Pew. He insists on being introduced as "Captain" Jack Sparrow.
Sparrow is one of the Brethren Court, the Pirate Lords of the Seven Seas, acting as Pirate Lord of the Caribbean. He can be treacherous and survives mostly by using wit and negotiation rather than weapons or force, preferring to flee most dangerous situations and fight only when necessary. Sparrow is introduced seeking to regain his ship, the Black Pearl, from his mutinous first mate, Hector Barbossa, and attempts to escape his blood debt to the legendary Davy Jones while battling the East India Trading Company. He is attracted to four women throughout the series, Elizabeth Swann, Angelica, Scarlet, and Giselle. During Dead Man's Chest, Elizabeth fell in love with Jack. Fearing that she would betray Will, she literally "drowned" her guilt by a single kiss. She is currently the only character to kill Jack Sparrow.
In his quest of the Fountain of Youth, he becomes reacquainted with his love interest Angelica, who takes him aboard the "Queen Anne's Revenge". Aboard the "Revenge", Jack leads a mutiny that is eventually crushed by Blackbeard. Working with Blackbeard and Angelica, Jack leads them to the Fountain.
Jack Sparrow is also the subject of a children's book series, "", which chronicles his teenage years. The character has also appeared in numerous video games.
Will Turner.
William "Will" Turner, Jr. is a main character of the first three films in the series, portrayed by Orlando Bloom as an adult and by Dylan Smith as a child at the beginning of the . The only son of pirate "Bootstrap" Bill Turner, Will is a blacksmith's apprentice working in Port Royal. He secretly loves the governor's daughter, Elizabeth Swann (Keira Knightley), although he occupies a lower social class. Will is an exceptional swordsman, though he lacks actual combat experience. Despite being mild-mannered, Will is brave, as seen when he confronts Captain Jack Sparrow in a sword fight and by his response to Barbossa's attack on Port Royal. He is loyal to those he cares about and would risk everything to protect them, especially Elizabeth. This trait is seen throughout the films as Will's character develops more by his reaction to unforeseen circumstances rather than his personal ambition or deliberate choices. Most likely he would have continued plying his trade, never presuming to rise above his current station, pining for the woman he believes he can never have. At his best, Will is clever, heroic, and courageous and never shirks responsibility or leaves an obligation unfulfilled. He can also be preoccupied and brooding and, early on, demonstrated rather simplistic and naïve views, although his character gradually matures and deepens into a more complex and worldly man as the films progress.
By the end of the third film, Will, now married to Elizabeth, has replaced Davy Jones as the immortal captain of the "Flying Dutchman".
Elizabeth Swann.
Elizabeth Swann (later Elizabeth Turner) is the main protagonist of the first three films in the series and the leading lady of the series, portrayed by Keira Knightley as an adult and by Lucinda Dryzek as a child in the 's prologue. She is known to use the alias "Elizabeth Turner," but this later becomes her married name when she weds the character, Will Turner (Orlando Bloom).
Elizabeth is a spirited, intelligent, and independent-minded character. Her beauty attracted the attention of several men including William Turner, Hector Barbossa, Pintel and Ragetti, James Norrington, Sao Feng and Captain Jack Sparrow. Throughout the three films, she transforms from a proper lady into a courageous pirate. Piracy and life at sea have always fascinated Elizabeth, but she is revolted by pirates' aggressive, wild nature, especially Captain Jack Sparrow, who made his escape from Port Royal at her expense, though she is grateful to him for saving her life. Even after becoming a pirate, Elizabeth retains her refined manners and morals, as well as her loyalty and compassion for loved ones (including Will Turner, her father, and later, Jack Sparrow and James Norrington).
Elizabeth adapted easily to piracy, for instance, learning swordsmanship from William. She was able to defend herself against multiple opponents and could fight using two swords simultaneously. Elizabeth has natural leadership abilities, learned seamanship quickly, and possesses an innate talent for battle strategy, having devised defensive and offensive maneuvers against her opponents. She later uses a Chinese Jian sword and is seen carrying a multitude of other weapons on her person including knives, firearms, and what appears to be a small grenade.
She also would often speak her mind even if it meant offending others; for example she called a potentially dangerous enemy, Sao Feng, a coward right to his face. That is why Sao Feng replied, "Elizabeth Swann...there is more to you than meets the eye, isn't there? And the eye...does not go wanting." (2007) Elizabeth was a brave and resourceful woman. During her brief reign as Pirate King, Elizabeth proved to be very charismatic and encouraged the pirates to face off against Cutler Beckett's fleet which showed that she had a talent for leadership. However there was a darker side to Elizabeth's personality as shown when she handcuffed Jack Sparrow to the mast of the "Black Pearl" in order to give her and the others time to escape from the Kraken. However she felt extremely guilty for leaving Jack (though she told Jack that she was not sorry before leaving him to his doom) and was a member of the crew that went to rescue him from Davy Jones' Locker.
At the end of the third film, "At World's End", Elizabeth is married to Will Turner, who had to carry on a ten-year duty aboard the "Flying Dutchman". It is shown in the post credit scene that Elizabeth had raised a son, who waited along with her for the sunset which signaled Will's return.
Antagonists.
Hector Barbossa.
Hector Barbossa, portrayed by Australian actor Geoffrey Rush, appears in all of the films. Barbossa was first introduced in the series as the main antagonist in the events of the , and pirate captain of the "Black Pearl" after committing mutiny against the ship's former captain, Jack Sparrow. Having met his demise in the climax of the film, his character is revealed to have been resurrected at the end of the , becoming a supporting protagonist in '. In the third film, it is revealed that Barbossa is also one of the nine pirate lords as Pirate Lord of the Caspian Sea. In the fourth film, ', he has become a privateer in the British Royal Navy and is ordered to be Jack's guide on an expedition for the Fountain of Youth.
In the first film, Barbossa is captain of the pirate ship "Black Pearl", and is the main antagonist of the film. His plan is to break the Aztec curse he and his crew are under and bring an end to Jack Sparrow, one of his arch rivals. Originally the ship's first mate under Captain Sparrow, Barbossa persuaded Jack to reveal the bearings to Isla de Muerta where the Chest of Cortez, containing 882 pieces of Aztec gold, was hidden. After Sparrow divulged the location, Barbossa and the crew mutinied and marooned Sparrow to starve on a tiny island. But he didn't know that Sparrow was still alive and seeking for revenge.
Barbossa and the crew found the Aztec treasure, but ran afoul of a curse placed upon the gold by the Aztec gods, which rendered the pirates undead. To lift the curse, the crew had to return all 882 coins to the chest and offer their blood. They still need their former shipmate Bootstrap Bill Turner's blood, who sent one coin to his son, Will. In retaliation, Barbossa tied Bootstrap to a cannon and threw him overboard. For years, Barbossa searched for the last coin, which was now possessed by Elizabeth, daughter of Governor Weatherby Swann. Barbossa sets sail for Port Royal after detecting a "signal" when the coin touched the sea.
Believing Elizabeth is Bootstrap's daughter, Barbossa makes off with her and the medallion. He reveals their cursed state en route to Isla de Muerta. Elizabeth's blood is offered, but the ritual fails. Will, aided by Sparrow, rescues Elizabeth and escapes with the medallion. Sparrow is taken prisoner aboard the Pearl, and Barbossa pursues the Interceptor. Catching them, Barbossa learns Will's true identity and tricks Will into believing that Jack, the crew, and Elizabeth will be freed. He instead maroons Jack and Elizabeth on a deserted island (the same one he marooned Jack on years before) while, inspired by an idea of one of his crew, he takes Will to Isla de Muerta to be killed to break the curse. Before the final battle, as Barbossa is about to kill Will, Sparrow makes another unexpected return to Barbossa's astonishment at his escape. When he threatens to kill Jack too, Jack reveals to Barbossa that he has led the British Royal Navy to the island and he convinces Barbossa to capture the HMS Dauntless, leaving Jack the Black Pearl. While the pirates battle the Royal Navy, Jack reveals his trickery and duels Barbossa. Barbossa stabs Jack during a duel, but Jack reveals that he holds a coin and is now also cursed. When Barbossa attempts to kill Elizabeth, Jack fatally shoots Barbossa with the pistol after Will tosses his coin with his blood on it into the chest, breaking the curse.
Following the events of the second film, Barbossa is revealed to have been resurrected by Tia Dalma in order to save Jack Sparrow from Davy Jones' Locker. Returning in the third installment, he plays a much more positive role and joins forces with Will, Elizabeth and the "Black Pearl" crew in their attempt to rescue Jack from the Locker. After defeating Davy Jones and Lord Beckett, Barbossa reclaims the "Pearl" from Jack and sails in search of the Fountain of Youth. By the events of the fourth film, it is learned that Barbossa has lost the "Black Pearl" to the pirate Blackbeard, and has become a privateer in service of the King as part of his plan to take revenge on Blackbeard. After killing Blackbeard during the film's climax, he becomes the new captain of Blackbeard's ship, the "Queen Anne's Revenge".
Davy Jones.
Davy Jones, portrayed by Bill Nighy, appears as the main antagonist of ' and the secondary antagonist of '. Davy Jones is the captain of the "Flying Dutchman" (based on the feared ghost ship of the same name featured in nautical lore), roaming the seas in search of souls to serve upon his vessel for a century. In the story, his original purpose was to carry souls of those who died at sea from this world to the next on his vessel. He was charged with this duty by his one true love, a sea goddess named Calypso. For every ten years at sea he could spend one day ashore to be with her. Ten years after first being charged with the duty, Jones prepared to be reunited with his true love on land, but became enraged and saddened when she didn't show. Unable to deal with Calypso's betrayal, he ripped out his heart and placed it in a chest, burying it on land. This chest became known as the Dead Man's Chest, the primary object being sought after in the second film. Jones then abandoned his duties, and instead ruled the seas as a tyrant with a damned crew bound by oath to serve aboard the "Dutchman" for one hundred years each. Bound to the duties of the "Flying Dutchman" both he and his crew slowly transformed into sea monsters.
Cutler Beckett.
Lord Cutler Beckett, portrayed by Tom Hollander, is introduced as a secondary antagonist of the ' and serves as the primary antagonist during the events of the '. A devious, ruthless, manipulative, elegant and treacherous mastermind, Beckett is the chairman of the East India Trading Company and a representative of King George II of Great Britain.
Angelica.
Angelica, played by Penélope Cruz in "", is the daughter of Blackbeard and a love interest for Jack Sparrow. She met Jack just before she was to take a vow of celibacy in a Spanish convent; she later blames Jack for her corruption.
Angelica is first mate of the "Queen Anne's Revenge". She claims to be Blackbeard's daughter, and constantly is shown to care for his well-being yet is on the edge of betraying him for her own desires and usually manipulating him into doing what she wants. After the battle at the Fountain of Youth she unintentionally poisons herself while trying to remove Barbossa's poison-laced sword from Blackbeard's chest, Jack tricks Blackbeard into sacrificing his life to save Angelica's. Angelica is Blackbeard's daughter, even though she almost acts like she isn't. Although Blackbeard intended to let her die so he could survive, Angelica holds Jack responsible for her father's death, though he angrily pointed out that he was doing what a good father would've done. Jack then maroons her on a deserted island, and gives her a pistol loaded with one shot to shoot herself rather than starve to death. Seeing that he still loves her, Angelica tries to convince Jack not to leave her on the island by claiming she has knowledge of several artifacts that can give him control of the ocean and that she is pregnant with his child, but he doesn't fall for either of her ruses. It was then Angelica finally admits her love for Jack, who is somewhat touched by this, but he still leaves to row away, as he knows she still cannot be trusted. Angered, Angelica then uses the sole round from her pistol in an attempt to kill Jack as he rows away, but misses, inciting Jack to taunt her of having done so. This left Angelica to rant out in Spanish against Jack as he rows away from her.
In a post-credits scene, Angelica finds Blackbeard's voodoo doll made in Jack's image, and smiles, hoping that she would finally get some revenge against Jack (it is unknown if that doll still works or not).
Blackbeard.
Edward Teach, commonly referred to as Blackbeard, is portrayed by Ian McShane, is based on the historical figure of the same name and appears as the main antagonist of . Blackbeard is a notorious pirate and Jack's most recent nemesis. He is one element retained from the novel "On Stranger Tides" by Tim Powers, from which "" draws inspiration. Blackbeard is the heartless pirate captain of the "Queen Anne's Revenge" and a master of black arts, who wants to find the Fountain of Youth to escape a prophecy of his death by a one-legged man. Blackbeard's prophetic murderer is later revealed to be Hector Barbossa, who amputated his leg to escape Blackbeard's attack on the "Black Pearl", which Blackbeard then shrunk and placed in a bottle with countless other ships. With the exception of Angelica, who has a blind familial loyalty to him, Blackbeard has zombified his entire staff of officers to follow his every order to ensure their loyalty. Said by Jack to be "the one pirate all pirates fear", Blackbeard practices voodoo and appears to have the power to literally command ships using his sword. The origin of Blackbeard's sword and crew is unknown, but it is thought that he is not a part of the Brethren Court.
Blackbeard's history prior to "On Stranger Tides" is slightly different than in real-world history. He is still alive in 1750, though the story about his death at the battle of Ocracoke Inlet in 1718 still circles the Caribbean. As stated by Jack Sparrow, people believe that Blackbeard was beheaded, and that his headless body swam three times around his ship before climbing back on board.
In the film's climax, Blackbeard and Barbossa engage in an intense battle at the Fountain of Youth, with Barbossa ultimately stabbing Blackbeard with a poison-laced sword and Angelica accidentally cutting herself on the sword when trying to remove it from her father. As Blackbeard and Angelica learned earlier in the film, the nature of the fountain requires two people to drink from the fountain with two silver chalices belonging to Juan Ponce de León, with the person drinking an additional mermaid tear gaining the life from the other person. As both Blackbeard and Angelica lay dying, Blackbeard asks his daughter to sacrifice herself to save him, which Angelica willingly agrees to, but Jack secretly switches the cups to give her the one containing the mermaid Syrena's tear, thus sparing her life and killing Blackbeard. Meanwhile, Barbossa claims Blackbeard's magical sword, and, assuming command, leaves with Blackbeard's crew. Joshamee Gibbs then delivers all of Blackbeard's bottled ships to Jack.
Supporting characters.
Bootstrap Bill Turner.
William "Bootstrap Bill" Turner, Sr., portrayed by Stellan Skarsgaard, is a crewmember on Davy Jones' "Flying Dutchman" and Will Turner's father. He was once an associate of Jack Sparrow's who remembers him fondly as a "good pirate and a good man" in the first film. When Sparrow's first mate, Hector Barbossa, led a mutiny against Sparrow and left him stranded on a small island, Bootstrap was the only one who did not participate, and when the crew uncovered the cursed Aztec Gold, Bootstrap avenged Sparrow and atoned for not defending him by sending his coin to his young son, so that he and the crew would not be able to find it and thus remain cursed forever. This act enraged Barbossa greatly, and he punished Bootstrap by tying his bootstraps to a cannon and throwing him overboard. Due to the curse, Bootstrap could not die, and was forced to suffer constantly due to the lack of oxygen and crushing water on the seabed.
Ten years later, sometime before the curse was lifted and Barbossa defeated by Sparrow and William, Bootstrap is found by Davy Jones, captain of the Flying Dutchman, and offered to be rescued from his fate in exchange for one hundred years working on his ship. Bootstrap agrees, and is depicted as any other crewmember on Jones' ship, with oceanic flora and fauna growing from his body. Eventually, Bootstrap is sent by Jones to remind Sparrow of his debt to him, since it was Jones who raised the Black Pearl from the bottom of the sea for Sparrow in the first place, and Bootstrap brands Sparrow with the Black Spot, a sign that the Kraken, Jones's leviathan, is hunting him.
Bootstrap is eventually reunited with his son on the Dutchman following a confusion regarding their surnames, and Bootstrap is given the horrible task of whipping Will in the back (so that Jimmy Legs will not do Will any worse harm). Despite the flogging, Bootstrap and Will bond rather uneasily, and Bootstrap eventually aids Will in stealing the key to the Dead Man's Chest from a sleeping Jones, although at the cost of surrendering his soul to Jones for eternity during a game of Liar's Dice. Despite Bootstrap admitting that he abandoned him at an early age and does not deserve salvation, Will promises to free his father no matter what.
However, Jones discovers this and punishes Bootstrap by forcing him watch the Kraken destroy the Edinburgh Trader, the ship which is harbouring Will. Following the devastation, Jones orders Bootstrap locked in the brig. Bootstrap, however, remains unaware that Will survived, and is too devastated to resist his imprisonment.
While in the brig, Bootstrap begins to lose his humanity due to the grief of the loss of his son, and becomes slightly delusional, shown when Elizabeth Swann, Will's lover, is locked in the same brig as Bootstrap and briefly tells him that Will survived. Within a few minutes, Bootstrap forgets their conversation completely. Later, when Admiral James Norrington helps Elizabeth and the other prisoners escape, Bootstrap follows and corners Norrington on the edge of the ship, alerting the other crewmen. In his delusion, Bootstrap impales Norrington through the stomach, killing him. This apparently wins him Jones's trust, as Jones does not order him imprisoned again.
In the final battle against Jones and Cutler Beckett, Bootstrap, still delusional, encounters and fights Will, not recognising him. He is subdued by Will, and only recognises his son after seeing Jones stab Will and catching a glimpse of Will's dagger. In a fit of rage, Bootstrap attacks Jones and is nearly killed before Sparrow uses Will to stab Jones' heart. With their captain gone, Bootstrap and the other crewmen cut out Will's heart and place it in the Dead Man's Chest, restoring him as the new captain of the Dutchman.
Following the battle's end, Will offers the now-free Bootstrap to leave the Dutchman and live a normal life, but Bootstrap, desiring to make up for having abandoned Will when he was a boy, chooses to stay with his son aboard the Dutchman.
Lieutenant/Lieutenant Commander Theodore Groves.
Lieutenant Commander Theodore Groves, played by Greg Ellis, is a British Royal Navy Officer under Commodore Norrington's command in "The Curse of the Black Pearl". He is present when Jack Sparrow steals the "Interceptor" and notes Sparrow's cleverness, saying "That's got to be the best pirate I have ever seen", the opposite of Norrington's oft-stated opinion that Sparrow is "without a doubt the worst pirate I have ever heard of". He is absent in Dead Man's Chest but reappears in the third movie. Between the events of "Dead Man's Chest" and "At World's End", Lieutenant Groves is appointed as Lord Cutler Beckett's second-in-command aboard the H.M.S. Endeavour. He stars in "At World's End" aboard the Endeavour and is present when Captain Jack Sparrow makes a daring escape from Cutler Beckett's grasp. He admiringly wonders if Jack plans everything out or just makes it up as he goes along but is scared off by a glare from Beckett. During the final battle, he asks Cutler Beckett for orders as the H.M.S. Endeavour was being pounded by The Black Pearl's and the Flying Dutchmann's cannons. Beckett remains in a state of shock during the entire battle, forcing Lieutenant Groves to order the crew to abandon ship. Somehow he is picked up by the Armada and saved by the British soldiers. Groves later resurfaces in the events of "On Stranger Tides", and is promoted to Lieutenant Commander while working under Captain Barbossa to find the Fountain of Youth aboard the "H.M.S. Providence". He accompanies Barbossa on the shores of Whitecap Bay, only to be stranded there with the beach party as flesh-eating mermaids tear the "Providence" apart along with its crew. He scolds Barbossa for not helping the crew as the "Providence" is attacked but Barbossa warns him to remain silent.
While Captain Jack Sparrow and Barbossa were held captive by the Spaniards, Lieutenant Commander Groves snuck through the Spanish picket lines (aided by a distraction Jack Sparrow made in a daring escape) and freed Barbossa from his bonds, although he lost his wig during the venture. He reached the Fountain of Youth with Barbossa and fought off Blackbeard's crew seeing his fellow generals and soldiers being rapidly killed by the crew. The fight is stopped by the sudden arrival of the Spanish. Trying one last time to get a British victory in the quest, Groves stood defiantly on top of the fountain claiming the Fountain to be property of the British Empire while holding a British flag. But at the same moment, the Spaniard shot Groves. When the Spanish began destroying the Fountain of Youth, Groves' body was being carried away by two British officers.
Cotton.
Cotton, played by David Bailie, is a mute pirate, having lost his tongue before the film series began. Unable to speak, he trained his Blue-and-yellow Macaw, voiced by Christopher S. Capp, to use a large number of phrases to essentially speak for him. No one was able to figure out how he did this. He is hired by Jack and Gibbs in "The Curse of the Black Pearl" to retrieve the "Black Pearl" from Barbossa. He returns in the two sequels, loyally serving Jack. At the climax of the third film, he leaves Tortuga on the "Black Pearl", now commandeered by Barbossa. Cotton's parrot, along with Jack the Monkey, often serve as comic relief. It is unknown what became of Cotton before the events of "On Stranger Tides", but his parrot is seen trapped alongside Jack the Monkey inside the bottle that Blackbeard had shrunk the "Pearl" into.
Mr. Cotton's Parrot is voiced by Christopher S. Capp. After Cotton ended up losing his tongue and could not speak anymore, he bought his parrot from Tortuga and trained it to speak different pirate sentences such as yes, no, "Walk the plank", and "Dead men tell no tales", for him. Cotton's parrot was nearly shot by Jack Sparrow when it said "Walk the plank," and in "At World's End" it left Cotton, squawking "Abandon ship! Abandon ship!", after it saw the hundreds of ships in Beckett's armada, but joined Cotton again, after Beckett's defeat.
Marty.
Marty, played by Martin Klebba, is a dwarf pirate hired by Jack and Gibbs to search for the "Black Pearl" in "The Curse of the Black Pearl". He has only one line of dialogue in the first film, but he becomes more prominent in the second and third films as one of the main crew members. At the end of "At World's End", he leaves with Barbossa on the stolen "Black Pearl". Marty often provides comic relief such as being blown off his feet after firing a blunderbuss in "At Worlds End".
Jack the Monkey.
Jack is Barbossa's pet capuchin monkey, named after Jack Sparrow to mock him after Sparrow was marooned on a deserted island. During "The Curse of the Black Pearl", Jack, like the rest of the crew, is cursed, turning undead in lunar light and bestowed with indestructibility. Jack temporarily becomes mortal again when Will lifts the curse, though he later steals another coin and becomes cursed again. During "Dead Man's Chest", he resides on the Black Pearl and torments the crew (and gets tormented back, if Jack Sparrow didn't start it first) until he is bartered to Tia Dalma for the location of the "Flying Dutchman" and the jar of dirt she gives to Jack Sparrow. He is shown wandering near a boot, which with hindsight is revealed as Barbossa's, and later rejoins the resurrected captain. In "At World's End", Jack serves mainly as a comic relief character. It is shown throughout the second and third films that the crew members of the "Black Pearl", particularly Jack Sparrow, like to shoot at Jack the monkey. Jack has stolen several objects, such as Will's medallion and Ragetti's wooden eye, though their owners were able to retrieve them. Most of the crew is not partial to Jack, with the exception of Barbossa, who is also the person he is most loyal to. In a scene at the end of "At World's End", Barbossa cheerfully declares that Jack is a 'daddy's boy'.
In "On Stranger Tides" the "Black Pearl" only appears as a shrunken ship in a bottle, after Blackbeard captured it and presumably used his voodoo magic. Barbossa is the only one to escape the vessel before its capture and the fate of all human characters aboard is unknown. However, both Jack the monkey and Cotton's parrot are still present on a miniature version of the ship, to which Jack Sparrow comments that the monkey is even more annoying that way. At the end of the film, Sparrow reclaims the bottle with the "Pearl" and is discussing with Gibbs the plan to return it to normal size.
In "Curse of the Black Pearl", Jack is played by Tara, a ten-year-old female capuchin, and Levi, an eight-year-old male. The skeletal monkey was added in post-production by Industrial Light and Magic. In "Dead Man's Chest" and "At World's End", Jack is played by Boo Boo, a twelve-year-old male and Mercedes, a ten-year-old female. Keira Knightley stated that the capuchins were very difficult to work with because of their short attention spans, adding "Oh, and that monkey! I want...to stuff...the monkey!". Geoffrey Rush would often have to wait for them to look in his direction before delivering his lines, and they often had to spray them with squirt guns to grab their attention. Rush was accidentally struck a few times as well.
Several plush toys have been developed by Disney, including both as a regular monkey and as a skeleton. Other toys, such as figurines and Mega Bloks also include Jack.
Governor Swann.
Governor Weatherby Swann, portrayed by Jonathan Pryce, is the governor of Port Royal and the father of Elizabeth Swann. In contrast to his strong-willed daughter, he is something of a milquetoast. Both Elizabeth and the Governor sailed from England to the Caribbean eight years prior to "Curse of the Black Pearl", along with then Lieutenant James Norrington, presumably when Swann assumed the governor's post. Swann is a doting father, and he wishes for his daughter to accept Commodore Norrington's marriage proposal. However, he eventually comes to accept that she truly loves Will Turner. According to the Pirates of the Caribbean Visual Guide, Elizabeth's mother died when Elizabeth was a young child. It is possible that Governor Swann holds some sort of peerage, as his butler refers to him as M'Lord. Many Colonial Governors held peerages or knighthoods, however, it is not directly stated in the films whether Swann holds one.
In Dead Man's Chest he opposed Will and Elizabeth's arrest by Lord Beckett for freeing Sparrow. After Beckett freed Will so he could go search for Jack Sparrow, Elizabeth escapes jail with help from her father Weatherby Swann but he is captured by Ian Mercer while Elizabeth is sent off by Beckett to offer Letters of Marque to Jack in return for the compass after threatening Beckett with his life.
Later on Port Royal Beckett informs Governor Swann about his daughter's status and that EITC ship are in chase of the Black Pearl and that Elizabeth, if caught, will be saved and Weatherby will be freed as long as he gives good reports to England about Beckett's presence.
In "At World's End", Weatherby Swann is forced to use his authority to allow Beckett to execute several pirates. In a deleted scene, Swann comes on board the Flying Dutchman when Beckett confronts Davy Jones about the attack on pirates fleets, Swann asks Jones if he offered the pirates a chance to surrender as Swann was concerned if his daughter was on board one of them, Jones informed him that his daughter is dead as she apparently went under with the Black Pearl which it was pulled down to the bottom of the sea by the Kraken. Weatherby attempted to stab the heart of Davy Jones with a knife but Admiral Norrington stopped him and Jones informed him about the consequences of stabbing his heart, Beckett and Ian Mercer informed Swann that his daughter was still alive, and finally after Norrington plead dropped the knife and walked away [http://%5B%5Bhttp://potc4.weebly.com/trilogy-deleted-scenes.html%5D%5D]. After this however due to him having a fairly good knowledge of the Dead Man's Chest and his attempt at stabbing it Beckett ordered Swann to be killed and informed others such as Admiral Norrington that Swann was going back to England.
He later appeared in Davy Jones' locker informing the crew of the Black Pearl about the chest and ignored Elizabeth's request to come aboard the Pearl, saying he was proud of her and that he will give her love to her mother.
Sao Feng.
Sao Feng (Traditional Chinese: 嘯風; Simplified Chinese: 啸风; pinyin: "Xiàofēng"; literally "Howling Wind") is portrayed by Chow Yun-fat. Sao Feng is the pirate lord of the South China Sea and his character is based on the legendary Chinese pirate Cheung Po Tsai. Feng owns a bathhouse that caters to the highest paying clients. He also has two known ships at his disposal, the "Empress" and the "Hai Peng". Sao Feng is tall and has a moustache that is about a foot long. His head is shaven. Extensive scars cover him, especially his scalp. He wears black clothing and speaks English proficiently, but with a slight Chinese accent. Chinese characters adorn his robes; it is unclear what they specifically are, but appear to match his name. He is also heard reciting a few lines of a Chinese poem in Cantonese. His weapon of choice is a dao. Personality-wise, Feng is depicted as unscrupulous, honour-less, and will do anything to join with the winning side (which he considers to be "just good business"), even if it means betraying his best friends.
In "At World's End", Barbossa and Elizabeth intend to rescue Jack Sparrow from Davy Jones' Locker. They visit Feng at his bathhouse in Singapore, requesting a ship and a crew. Feng is suspicious and informs them that earlier that day someone broke into his uncle's temple and attempted to steal the navigational charts to World's End. He reveals the thief to be Will Turner. Barbossa and Elizabeth deny knowing Will, but when Feng threatens to kill him, Elizabeth reacts, confirming they are allies. Barbossa explains that the Brethren Court has been summoned to convene on Shipwreck Cove and Feng, being one of the nine Pirate Lords, is honor bound to attend. Feng demands to know why they want to sail to the Locker. When Will admits they want to rescue Jack, Feng becomes enraged and declares that he would only resurrect Sparrow to kill him in person. Barbossa reminds Feng that Jack is one of the nine Pirate Lords and still in possession of his "piece of eight," a pirate lord's insignia and didn't have a successor to give it to before his "death." Feng then notices a fake tattoo dissolving on a servant's shoulder and, assuming he is Barbossa's spy, seizes him.
Hidden below, Gibbs and the "Black Pearl" crew toss up swords through the floorboards to Barbossa and Elizabeth. Feng commands they drop their weapons, threatening to kill their man. When Barbossa replies that he is not with them, Will asks "If he's not with you , and he's not with us, then who's he with?", then, Mercer and East India Trading Co. marines burst in and open fire. Feng joins the fight against the E.I.T.C. troops, and leads Barbossa and the others through an exit. During the battle, Feng and Will confront each other while Mercer secretly listens in. Will tells Feng that if he wishes to make a deal with the E.I.T.C. then he needs what Will offers — the two strike a deal. Will wants the "Black Pearl" to free his father from Davy Jones. In exchange, Feng can have Jack Sparrow to barter to the East India Trading Company for his own freedom. Feng agrees and provides Will with a ship and crew, then covers Will and the others' escape from Singapore. Unbeknownst to Will, however, Feng makes his own deal with the East India Trading Company to turn over all the pirates, including Will, in exchange for the "Black Pearl" and his own freedom.
After Jack and the "Black Pearl" are rescued and the crew escapes the Locker, Will leads them to an island where he and Feng arranged to meet. Jack, Barbossa and the crew are taken captive when Feng arrives in the "Empress". After a brief confrontation between the parties, Feng directs Sparrow's attention to Lord Cutler Beckett's approaching ship, the "Endeavour". Feng hands over Sparrow and the crew to the East India Trading Company, but learns Beckett is keeping the "Black Pearl". Barbossa then sways Feng to their side by revealing that he intends to release Calypso from her human form to help them battle Beckett and his minions. Feng, mistaking Elizabeth for Calypso, aids their escape in exchange for her. Seeing no other option and to save the crew, Elizabeth agrees to go with Feng.
In his quarters, Feng reveals that he believes Elizabeth is Calypso. He tells Elizabeth it was the first Brethren Court who imprisoned the sea goddess, Calypso, in human form. Elizabeth pretends to be Calypso, and discusses with Feng what she might do for him if freed. When she asks what would happen if she refused to grant her favors, he suggests he would take them by force. He then forcefully kisses her, but she pushes him away. While angrily approaching her once more, he is caught by cannon fire as the "Flying Dutchman" suddenly attacks. When the smoke clears Elizabeth finds Feng under a small pile of rubble, impaled with a huge piece of drift wood. Dying, Feng pronounces Elizabeth the captain of the "Empress", and gives her his "piece of eight", a jade stone on a necklace, telling her that she must take his place at the Brethren Court. Elizabeth becomes the Pirate Lord of the South China Sea. His last words are, "Forgive me, Calypso."
In the film, Sao Feng recites part of a Chinese poem in Cantonese. That poem is the first four sentences of "" ("Guan Shan Yue", The Moon at the Fortified Pass) by the renowned Tang poet Li Bai (701-762 AD), which is one of the Three Hundred Tang Poems (an anthology designated in the Qing as the most popular Tang poems).
Spaniard.
The Spaniard, portrayed by Óscar Jaenada, is King Ferdinand's most trusted agent. Introduced in "On Stranger Tides" as the secondary antagonist, the Spaniard leads a Spanish force to the Fountain of Youth to destroy it. His men find the silver Chalices of Juan Ponce de León on the wreck of his ship, though they were later stolen by Jack Sparrow. In the final battle at the Fountain, the Spaniard remorselessly killed Theodore Groves, who tried to stop them by proclaiming the Fountain as the property of the British Empire, though he would later tell one of his men to take note of Groves' bravery, showing that he has a sense of honor.
Philip Swift.
Philip Swift, portrayed by Sam Claflin, is a stalwart missionary who was captured by Blackbeard. Introduced as a captive missionary in "", Philip's life was spared thanks to Angelica's belief that her father's soul can be saved. Along the journey to find the Fountain of Youth, Philip meets Syrena, a beautiful mermaid with whom he develops a close bond. Acting as Syrena's protector, he risks his own life for the mermaid, eventually falling in love with her. After being mortally wounded during the film's climatic battle, Philip returns to Syrena and frees her. Begging Syrena for her forgiveness, Philip is taken underwater and healed by Syrena by her kiss, as stated earlier in the film that a mermaid's kiss can "save a man from drowning." His further fate is unknown but it can be assumed that after Syrena healed him, he is somewhere else living with her.
The character of Philip Swift, along with the characters of Angelica and the mermaid Syrena, was introduced with the departure of Will Turner (Orlando Bloom) and Elizabeth Swann (Keira Knightley) following the events of the .
Syrena.
Syrena, portrayed by Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey, is a mermaid captured by Blackbeard's crew, who need a mermaid's tear when they reach the Fountain of Youth. Philip notices that she can not breathe and he opens the glass tank a little to allow air to flow through. When the glass tank Syrena is being carried in shatters, the character changes to a human form, causing missionary Philip Swift to remove his shirt and cover Syrena's naked body. Philip then carries her the rest of the way due to her inability to walk and names her in an attempt to make Blackbeard realize she is a person and not a creature as he used to call her. Philip and Syrena develop a strong bond and eventually they fall in love, which Blackbeard exploits by apparently killing Philip, revealing that he is alive, and using it to obtain Syrena's tears of joy. Syrena is left to die, but a mortally wounded Philip returns to cut her loose. She swims off, and after returning the chalices needed for the ritual at the Fountain of Youth to Jack Sparrow, Syrena offers to save Phillip, but he only asks her forgiveness. She kisses Philip, as a mermaid kiss can prevent one from drowning, and pulls him underwater with her to heal him.
William Turner III.
Son of Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann first appears in Pirates of the Caribbean 3 At World's End, where he and his mother are waiting for his father on the beach and when there is a flash on the horizon, he sees Will aboard the Flying Dutchman.
Anamaria.
Anamaria, played by Zoe Saldana, is a pirate whose ship was stolen, some years in the past, by Jack Sparrow. She joins Mr. Gibbs and Will Turner in order to get a chance to confront Sparrow, at which time Anamaria slaps him repeatedly, whereupon Will intervenes and promises her the "Interceptor" (the ship Jack had "borrowed" to chase the "Pearl") in exchange for her cooperation on the journey. Reluctantly, Anamaria agrees. In the end, she allows Jack to captain the "Pearl". She doesn't appear in any further films, and her final fate is unknown.
Brethren Court.
The Brethren Court comprises nine pirate lords from the different seas. There have been four meetings over the centuries. The First Court met when they mutually agreed that the goddess, Calypso, should no longer rule the seas and oceans. With help from Davy Jones, her lover, they entrapped her within human form. Many years later, the Fourth Court meets to address Lord Cutler Beckett's assault on piracy. When Captain Barbossa proposes releasing Calypso to help them fight Beckett and the East India Trading Company, the other pirate lords initially refuse, fearing Calypso's vengeful wrath.
Each pirate lord always carries a "piece of eight" insignia. The "pieces" are actually various small trinkets, used as the original court members were so poor that they lacked any money among them, Gibbs sarcastically commenting that "the nine pieces of whatever we happened to have in our pockets at the time" wasn't considered "piratey" enough. Each "piece of eight" must be presented to verify a pirate lord's identity, and it is handed down to that lord's successor when he or she dies.
The Fourth Court includes main characters Jack Sparrow, Hector Barbossa, and Elizabeth Swann (Sao Feng's successor), as well as Chinese Mistress Ching, Indian Sri Sumbhajee Angria, African Gentleman Jocard, Turkish Ammand the Corsair, Spanish Eduardo Villanueva, and French Capitaine Chevalle. Jack Sparrow's father, Captain Teague, is a former pirate lord, although he is now the keeper of the "Pirata Codex" and the prison dog which supposedly escaped Pelegosto by using sea turtles, mirroring Jack's lie about escaping the deserted island. After every other lord votes for him or herself to be the "pirate king", Jack votes for Elizabeth, giving her the plurality.
Captain Teague.
Captain Edward Teague, played by Keith Richards of The Rolling Stones, is Jack's father who was also formerly the pirate lord of Madagascar, before he became keeper of the code. He first appeared in "At World's End".
Teague was once the most feared pirate in the world and as such receives respect and fear from all of the pirates in the Brethren Court. At one point Teague was the Pirate Lord of Madagascar but later resigned to become the Keeper of the Pirate Code, the "Pirata Codex", which he keeps with him at Shipwreck Cove. He firmly believes that the pirate code is law and will kill anyone who claims otherwise, which happens in the film when, at the Brethren Court, the first mate of the Pirate Lord of India says to "Hang the code" (colloquially saying to "Ignore" the code). Teague immediately guns him down. Despite his gruff demeanor, he does have a sense of humor as well as musical skill though he said recently he forgets some tunes when on his ship, and he does seem to be fond of his son, calling him "Jackie". During a conversation with Jack, who asks about his mother, Teague shows him a shrunken head. Jack then comments, "She looks great!".
Jack references the fact that Teague has "seen it all, done it all", hinting that Teague has experienced a great deal during his pirating career. Likewise, his crew seems to be made up of older pirates. It is possible that Teague was at one of the three previous meetings of the Brethren Court (he seems to have an awareness of how the meetings go), or has fought in a battle or war of the like that the current Brethren face. He also seems to have a knowledge of immortality as he warns his son "It's not just about living forever, Jackie, the trick is living with yourself forever." He may be lonely as he spends his time at Shipwreck Cove and it appears his wife died at some point in the past, possibly killed by Amazonians or Melanesians who shrunk her head, which he carries with him everywhere. It is clear that his relationship with his son is strained, highlighted by Jack's negative facial expression when Barbossa calls for Teague.
Captain Teague seems to be the new master of the jailhouse dog that was last seen on Pelegosto about to be devoured by the natives (it was later explained in "" that Teague was the original owner of the dog). Teague explains the dog's apparent escape to Pintel and Ragetti by merely shrugging his shoulders and commenting, "Sea turtles, mate" mirroring to how his son Jack lies about his escape from the rumrunners' island.
After Jack escaped from St James's Palace, he was chased through the streets of London by the Royal Guard. Just as one of the soldiers aimed his musket at Jack, he was shot in the back by Teague. Later, inside the "Captain's Daughter" pub, Teague gave Jack a significant amount of information about the Fountain of Youth. When Jack asked him, "Have you ever been there?", Teague sarcastically replied, "Does this face look like it's been to the Fountain of Youth?". Teague then vanished when Jack looked away.
Minor characters.
Murtogg and Mullroy.
Mullroy and Murtogg, played by Giles New and Angus Barnett, are two Royal Marines in Port Royal. They serve as comic relief characters, easily becoming distracted from their duties by getting into arguments, and are the 'civilized' equivalent of Pintel and Ragetti. Like their pirate counterparts, they display a dichotomy of a fat, blustering, dominant figure versus a thin, semi-perceptive, reticent figure. They are first the guards of the "H.M.S. Interceptor" until one of their arguments over seeing the "Black Pearl" (Murtogg says he saw the "Pearl" but Mullroy didn't) allows Jack Sparrow to board it. Afterwards, they serve on the "H.M.S. Dauntless" and survive the final battle. They reappear in "At World's End", put in service to the East India Trading Company's forces. They are posted as the main guards of the Dead Man's Chest, but it is stolen by Jack during another argument. They later stow away on the "Black Pearl", casting their lot with the pirates, and join Barbossa after the battle is over. Since they were on the Black Pearl after Blackbeard shrinks it into a bottle, it is presumed that they, along with the rest of the crew are trapped on it.
Lieutenant Gillette.
Lieutenant Gillette, played by Damian O'Hare, is Commodore Norrington's Flag Lieutenant in Port Royal. He is left in H.M.S. Dauntless during Norrington's absence and loses the ship to Jack Sparrow. He accompanies Commodore Norrington on the H.M.S Dauntless in pursuit of both the Black Pearl and the Interceptor. When they rescue Elizabeth, she warns Lieutenant Gillette about the curse of the pirate crew aboard the Black Pearl but he refuses to believe her. When the cursed pirates ambush the H.M.S. Dauntless, Gillette, who was left in charge of the Dauntless at the time, fights off the cursed pirates with the remainder of his crew before Norrington and his Royal Marines arrive to reinforce the dwindling resistance against the pirates. He survives the final battle of "Curse of the Black Pearl". It was at first believed that he perished during Norrington's ill-fated pursuit of Jack Sparrow between the events of "Curse of the Black Pearl" and "Dead Man's Chest", but he returns unharmed in "On Stranger Tides" as one of Captain Barbossa's Lieutenants aboard the H.M.S Providence. He assists Barbossa in claiming the Fountain of Youth before Blackbeard and the Spaniards do. He was killed in a duel with Blackbeard by Blackbeard's sword.
Mercer.
Ian Mercer, played by David Schofield, is Lord Beckett's facially scarred, loyal personal assistant in "Dead Man's Chest" and "At World's End". Despite serving faithfully in his official capacity as a clerk, Mercer often executes Beckett's more sinister agendas as an assassin and spy. He is eventually put aboard the "Dutchman" to serve as Davy Jones's keeper after the death of Admiral James Norrington. He also can be seen dueling Barbossa when the Pearl is being taken over from the E.I.T.C.. Mercer sees his marines are mostly beaten, jumps ship, and is presumably picked up by the "Endeavour". During the maelstrom battle, Mercer is shielded by Davy Jones from a cannon blast. Seeing several corpses of marines, Jones takes advantage of Mercer's distraction and uses his tentacles to strangle him and constrict his throat from the inside. Mercer falls to the deck, dead, as Jones takes the key to the Dead Man's Chest from around his neck.
Mercer is named after actor Ian Mercer, who would later portray Blackbeard's Quartermaster in "On Stranger Tides".
"Flying Dutchman" crew.
The "Flying Dutchman" crew are captured sailors who willingly surrender to Davy Jones to avoid death for 100 years. Originally, those who joined helped ferry souls to the next world; but after Davy Jones abandons his duty, he uses them for his own purposes. This has caused Davy Jones and every crewman to gradually transform into deformed creatures resembling sea life. Along with Bootstrap Bill Turner, the crew complement includes Amlanto, Angler, Broondjongen, Bunglash, Clanker, Crash, Driftwood, Emealle, Finnegan, Greenbeard, Giant Clam, Hadras, Jelly, Jimmy Legs, Koleniko, Maccus, Manray, Morey, Ogilvey, Old Haddy, Palifico, Penrod, Piper, Quittance, Ratlin, Roam, Turtleman, Two-Head, Urchin, Weedey, Wheelback, Wyvern, and Yanker. Several of them (including Hadras) are apparently killed when they fall into the maelstrom at the climax of the third film. Most of the crew use swords and other weapons in combat, but one crewman named Morey (having a moray eel for a head) is seen biting a man's head off. These men seem to hold stronger ties to the ship than its captain, as shown when they abandoned all duties when Davy Jones was killed, but not to grieve for their fallen captain. Instead the crew members, almost instinctively, made Will the new captain, after which they resumed their normal human forms. Some were apparently killed during the final battle, but due to their very violent nature, they may have survived and just been defeated (though this seems unlikely for some, such as Morey, who was decapitated by Barbossa). Maccus and Ratlin are Davy Jones' two most trusted men. Maccus has four eye sockets, but only two of them are empty. He also has the head of a hammerhead shark. Jimmy Legs controls the Dutchman's wheel. Hadras is a crewman whose head is half shell and the other half is his face. Hadras was carrying his head while he captured Norrington. When Norrington gave Hadras the Dead Man's Chest, Hadras dropped his own head. In order to catch up with the crew, Hadras' head burys itself into the shell and the head becomes a crab. Penrod is a crewman who has six legs on his torso. He has four legs and a shell for a back. Palifico seems to be made almost completely out of coral, and Weedey has two arms and legs, but he is actually hiding 10 tentacles within his body. Wyvern is the most bizarre of the crew- his body is actually attached to the Flying Dutchman's framework, resembling more a coral reef or underwater rock face than a man. It is implied that all the crew members will eventually share this fate.
"Black Pearl" cursed pirate crew.
The "Black Pearl" crew was originally captained by Jack Sparrow. A decade prior to "The Curse of the Black Pearl", Barbossa led a mutiny and marooned Sparrow. Soon after, Barbossa and the crew became cursed after stealing coins from an ancient Aztec chest. They became immortal, but the curse rendered them unable to feel, taste, or satisfy their desires. The lunar light exposed them as skeletal beings. Later, the curse was broken, and the ship once again fell under Jack's command. At the end of the third film, "At World's End", the "Pearl" briefly returns to Barbossa's hands before losing it and his leg prior to the events of "On Stranger Tides".<br clear=all>
Crew members that appear in "The Curse of the Black Pearl" include Bo'sun (played by Isaac C. Singleton Jr., a large African man that acts as Barbossa's second in command), Clubba (played by David Patykewich, a large bald man with facial tattoos and a large earring), Grapple (played by Trevor Goddard, a sailor who fights with a large grappling iron), Jacoby (played by Vince Lozano, a man with a long black beard and uses hand grenades), Koehler (played by Treva Etienne, a slender African man with dreadlocks), Mallot (played by Brye Cooper, who wields a large mallet), Scratch (played by Finneus Egan, sporting blond dreadlocks who wields a dagger), and Twigg (played by Michael Berry Jr., an Irish sailor who is often paired with Koehler). In the film, five of them (Clubba, Grapple, Jacoby, Mallot and Scratch) are knocked apart by either explosion or impact and died instantly when the curse was lifted. Koehler is also killed in the final battle by James Norrington, revealing to the pirates that they are mortal once again; it is unknown what happened to Bo'sun, Twigg, and the rest of the crew, although it is likely they were arrested by the British and executed.
Bo'sun, Twigg and Jacoby appear in Kingdom Hearts II as cursed pirates. They are voiced by Beau Billingslea, Adam Leadbeater, and John DiMaggio respectively.
"Edinburgh Trader" crew.
The Edinburgh Trader is a merchant vessel commanded by Captain Bellamy, who is played by Alex Norton. Three other members, Bursar, played by Max Baker, the Quartermaster, played by Steve Speirs,and a sailor, played by Matthew Bowyer are a superstitious pair duped into believing that Elizabeth's dress is possessed by a ghost when it is found by the sailor. Various crew members also believe this. Most hands are killed when the Kraken attacks the ship. The few survivors are captured and executed by the "Flying Dutchman" crew on Davy Jones's orders.
King Ferdinand.
King Ferdinand VI of Spain is portrayed by Sebastian Armesto and based on Ferdinand VI of Spain. He rules Spain from his palace in Cadiz. After learning about the discovery of the Fountain of Youth, King Ferdinand sends his most trusted agent, known only as the Spaniard, to find and destroy the Fountain, because he saw it as the abomination in the eyes of God.
King George.
King George II of Great Britain is portrayed by Richard Griffiths and based on George II of Great Britain. He rules Great Britain and Ireland. Just before the events of the second film, he orders Cutler Beckett to take control of Port Royal and report events back to him. He does this to try to rid Piracy from this part of the world. At some point before the events of the fourth film, he employed Hector Barbossa as a Privateer. When Jack Sparrow refused to lead an expedition to the Fountain of Youth, the King sent Barbossa to find the legendary spring as he did not want the Spanish to have the key to eternal life.
Giselle.
Giselle, played by Vanessa Branch, is a blonde wench in Tortuga who appears in the first three films. She is a friend of Scarlett. Both women seem to have relationships going with Jack Sparrow, though they frequently slap him for having cheated on them with each other. They are last seen at the end of the third film, strolling down a pier with Gibbs after once again slapping Jack following his declaration that he lied to them several times and on several levels.
Scarlett.
Scarlett, played by Lauren Maher, is the woman who slaps Jack for cheating on her with her friend Giselle in "Curse of the Black Pearl". In "Dead Man's Chest" Scarlett and Giselle ask Will Turner to give Jack a message from them, as they both believe he has abandoned them for some other woman, and then they slap Will. In "At World's End" the two women have reconciled their differences somewhat. At the end of the film, they are looking forward to a ride Jack promised them on the "Pearl", only to find that Barbossa has stolen it, upsetting Jack and making it impossible for him to keep his promise.
Cabin Boy.
Cabin Boy (played by Robbie Kay), a dirty deck-scrubber, but still a brave pirate, who fights in the mutiny scene on the "Queen Anne's Revenge." He also takes part at the "Fountain of Youth" and fights Barbossa and his crew, and also frees Phillip from his bonds so he could save Syrena from dying in the sun.
Gunner.
The Gunner (played by Deobia Oparei) was one of Blackbeard's zombie officers serving aboard the "Queen Anne's Revenge". He fought against Jack Sparrow during the mutiny before being subdued by Salaman and the Cook. He died when Blackbeard himself was killed at the Fountain of Youth.
Quartermaster.
The Quartermaster (played by Ian Mercer) was a zombie serving aboard the "Queen Anne's Revenge". He could predict things before they happened as seen when he predicted Blackbeard's death by a one legged man. He died at the Fountain along with all the other zombies.
Master-at-Arms.
The Master-at-Arms (played by Derek Mears) was a zombie in "On Stranger Tides" under the command of Blackbeard. He died at the Fountain along with his fellow zombies.
Yeoman.
Yeoman (played by Danny Le Boyer) was a zombie who helped carry Syrena's glass coffin through the jungle but ended up tripping causing the coffin to shatter. He died at the Fountain along with the other zombies.
Prison Dog.
The prison dog (played by A dog) guards the Port Royal jail keys by carrying them in its mouth during "The Curse of the Black Pearl". Prisoners vainly attempt to retrieve the keys from it (in a reference to the Disney Parks's Pirates of the Caribbean ride). The dog appears again in "Dead Man's Chest" with Pintel and Ragetti after they have escaped prison and are headed for Pelegosto to search for the "Black Pearl". He was named " Poochie " by Pintel until he was left on Pelegosto. The dog is eventually left on Pelegosto, where the cannibal tribe chases after it, leaving Jack Sparrow to climb aboard the "Black Pearl". In an extra scene after the credits of "Dead Man's Chest" it is revealed that the dog becomes the chief of the Pelegosto tribe. The dog reappears during the third film as the keeper of the Pirata Codex keys on Shipwreck Island. Captain Teague explains the dog's presence by saying, ""Sea turtles, mate,"" a reference to Jack Sparrow's tall tale of his own escape from being marooned. The DVD case for "At World's End" confirmed that the dog literally rode on the backs of sea turtles.
Leech.
Leech, played by San Shella, is an Indian pirate under Captain Jack in "The Dead Man's Chest". He contemplates mutiny because the crew is angered by Jack's actions, and later claims that the "Black Pearl" can be crewed by six men, showing that he has decided to incite to mutiny. He disobeys orders from Will to not continue climbing as they are climbing the cliff on Pelegosto Island. He and the others in his cage continue climbing anyway, which proves fatal after Leech grabs a snake. He panics, causing the others to let go of the cliff, causing them to fall into the canyon and die.
LeJon.
LeJon is a pirate who serves under Jack Sparrow in "Dead Man's Chest". He is captured on Pelegosto along with the rest of the crew, and is one of those who is not eaten immediately, instead put into a cage dangling above the canyon. They try to escape, but are spotted after Leech and the others in the second cage fall to their deaths. He manages to escape along with Will, Gibbs, Cotton and Marty. They meet Pintel and Ragetti at the "Black Pearl". After reuniting with Jack, he and the others escape, and he continues to serve under Jack even when faced with Davy Jones. He dies during the Kraken's attack while trying to ignite explosives to repel it.
Ho-Kwan.
Ho Kwan is a pirate who serves under Jack Sparrow in "Dead Man's Chest". He is captured on Pelegosto along with the rest of the crew, and is one of those who is not eaten immediately, instead put into a cage dangling above the canyon. They try to escape, but are spotted after Leech and the others in the second cage fall to their deaths. He manages to escape along with Will, Gibbs, Cotton and Marty, but is not shown again.
Lian.
Lian appears in At World's End in Singapore as one of Sao Feng's body guards along with her twin sister Park. She is present when Elizabeth Swann and Hector Barbossa visit Sao Feng. When a group of EITC soldiers led by Ian Mercer barge into the bath house, Lian and Park fight alongside Sao Feng. When Mercer aims his gun at Elizabeth, William Turner pushes her out of the way and the bullet hits Park square in the forehead killing her. Determined to avenge her sister, Lian ambushes Mercer in a small shop stand. She manages to stab him with a steel chopstick from her hair, but Mercer shoves her to the ground and shoots her dead.
Park.
Park appears in At World's End in Singapore as one of Sao Feng's body guards along with her twin sister Lian. She is present when Elizabeth Swann and Hector Barbossa visit Sao Feng. When a group of EITC soldiers led by Ian Mercer barge into the bath house, Park and Lian fight alongside Sao Feng. When Mercer aims his gun at Elizabeth, William Turner pushes her out of the way and the bullet hits Park square in the forehead killing her instantly. Lian would avenge her by ambushing Mercer in a small shop stand, but she gets pushed to the ground and also shot and killed.
Mr. Brown.
Mr. Brown, played by Ralph P. Martin, is a drunken blacksmith Will Turner is apprenticed to at the beginning of "The Curse of the Black Pearl". He normally does nothing to help Will and takes credit for the work Will does for Brown. After Jack Sparrow defeats Will in his shop while fleeing from Commodore Norrington, Brown prevents Jack's escape by knocking him over the head with a wine bottle from behind, allowing Norrington and his men immediately burst in and capture Jack. Norrington thanks Brown for his help, to which the blacksmith replies drunkenly "Just doing my civic duty sir."
Chaplain.
Chaplain is an English first mate of a ship. He is a strong Christian, as when he is killed in the Dead Man's Chest he is holding a cross. Chaplain's ship is sunken by the Kraken under the order of Davy Jones and he is one of the few people that survive. One of his crew is confronted by Jones, and Jones asks the crew member if he fears death. The crew member, clearly terrified, nods. Jones offers him and the rest of the crew an "escape" from death. Chaplain yells to the member, "Don't listen to him!" and Jones switches his attention to Chaplain, grabbing him around the neck and asking him, "Do you not fear death?". Chaplain tells Jones, "I'll take my chances, sir." Jones orders his own crew to send him "to the depths," and Chaplain is killed.
Salaman.
Salaman (played by Paul Bazely) was an Indian pirate serving aboard the "Queen Anne's Revenge" in "On Stranger Tides" who later took part in the mutiny against Blackbeard. He was last seen heading for Tortuga under the command of Captain Hector Barbossa after the battle at the Fountain of Youth.
Hernán Cortés.
Hernán Cortés was an unseen character based on the conquistador of the same name. As Barbossa said, Cortés was very greedy and he began to conquer the Aztec empire. He was about to stem the slaughter with his Spanish armies and when there were only rare Aztecs the Aztec Indians then gave him 882 pieces of their gold. Cortés took it but still was not satisfied with his greed. The Heathen gods could not take his greed anymore and cursed the gold so that anybody who removes a single piece would be cursed. The curse would turn someone completely insatiable, and also into a skeleton when placed in the moonlight.
Tai Huang.
Tai Huang, played by Reggie Lee, is Sao Feng's first mate and his most loyal assistant. He joins Barbossa's crew on their quest to rescue Jack from Davy Jones' Locker, although he later betrays and captures them for Feng. It's not sure whether he does this out of true loyalty to Feng, as while in the Locker he tells Sparrow that his loyalties lie with "the highest bidder," suggesting that Feng had just happened to have the upper hand more often and therefore was who Tai Huang was most willing to serve. He (reluctantly, at first) serves Elizabeth Swann after Feng appoints her as captain and pirate lord just before his death. He is last seen cheering a victory cry on his ship.
Tamara.
Tamara, played by Gemma Ward, was a mermaid who attacks Blackbeard's crew. When she first appears, she sings the song "My Jolly Sailor Bold" to the crewmen as the other mermaids appear. She tries to seduce Scrum and when he tries to kiss her she reveals her true monster form. She tries to attack but Ezekiel hits her with an oar. The mermaids then afterwards attack the crew.
Whitecap Bay Mermaids.
Whitecap Bay Mermaids are a vicious and dangerous horde of mermaids with siren skills. When Tamara appears and sings the song "My Jolly Sailor Bold" the rest of the mermaids appear and try to attract and enchant the sailors. When Tamara reveals her true form they attack the crew and begin a bloody battle. Several of them died or were wounded. They finally escaped when Jack Sparrow explodes the lighthouse. In a deleted scene Jack meets one of them and calls her "Marina", she slaps him and leaves with the rest of her people. They were played by: Jorgelina Airaldi (Marina), Sanya Hughes (Mermaid #1), Daphne Joy (Mermaid #2), Antoinette Nikprelaj (Mermaid #3), Breanne Beth Barrett (Mermaid #4) and Toni Busker (Mermaid #5).

</doc>
<doc id="5950586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950586" title="Scontrone">
Scontrone

Scontrone is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.
References.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="5950590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950590" title="Nautilus (secure telephone)">
Nautilus (secure telephone)

Nautilus is a program which allows two parties to securely communicate using modems or TCP/IP. It runs from a command line and is available for the Linux and Windows operating systems. The name was based upon Jules Verne's Nautilus and its ability to overcome a Clipper ship as a play on Clipper chip.
Nautilus is historically significant in the realm of secure communications because it was one of the first programs which were released as open source to the general public which used strong encryption. It was created as a response to the Clipper chip in which the US government planned to use a key escrow scheme on all products which used the chip. This would allow them to monitor "secure" communications. Once this program and another similar program PGPfone were available on the internet, the proverbial cat was "out of the bag" and it would have been nearly impossible to stop the use of strong encryption for telephone communications.
The project must move end of May 2014 due to the deplorable decision of Fraunhofer FOCUS to shut down the developer platform that hosted dozens of vital free software
projects like mISDN, gpsd, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5950591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950591" title="Robert Werdann">
Robert Werdann

Robert Werdann (born September 12, 1970) is a retired American professional basketball player. Born in Sunnyside, New York, he attended academic and athletic powerhouse Archbishop Molloy High School in Queens, New York, graduating in 1988. He was selected by the Denver Nuggets in the second round (46th overall) of the 1992 NBA Draft. A 6'11" center from St. John's University, Werdann played in three NBA seasons. While playing for St. John's, Werdann was third-team All-Big East as a junior. He played for the Nuggets and New Jersey Nets. He also played with the Harrisburg Hammerheads of the CBA.
In his NBA career, Werdann played in 47 games and scored a total of 101 points.
He later became an assistant coach with the New Orleans Hornets after earlier working for the team as a player scout for five years.
The Golden State Warriors named Robert Werdann an assistant coach for the 2010-2011 season for head coach Keith Smart, along with Jerry Sichting, Calbert Cheaney, and Mark Price.
In 2011, he became an assistant coach with the Charlotte Bobcats. In 2013, he was coaching in Puerto Rico.
In October 2013, he was hired by the Idaho Stampede as an assistant coach for the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5950592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950592" title="Scoppito">
Scoppito

Scoppito is a "comune "and town in the province of L'Aquila, in the Baschi region of southern Italy.
Sports.
S.P.D. Amiternina.
S.P.D. Amiternina is an Italian association football club, based in this city.
In the season 2011–12 the team was promoted for the first time, from Eccellenza Abruzzo to Serie D after.
Its colors are yellow and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5950598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950598" title="Waterhouse F.C.">
Waterhouse F.C.

The Waterhouse Football Club is a football team based in Kingston, that competes in the Jamaican National Premier League.
Their home stadium is Waterhouse Stadium.
History.
The club was founded in 1968 as "Harlem Kickers", changed to "The Great West Football Club" in 1972 until it was renamed Waterhouse in 1979 and started with their home ground at Emmett Park. Their home ground has since been moved into the community, The Waterhouse Stadium, which can hold a capacity of up to 5,000.
They won the league title in 2005/2006, which was said to be dedicated to the late Peter Cargill, their coach who died in a car crash.
Current squad.
"2013/2014 Season"

</doc>
<doc id="5950599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950599" title="Scurcola Marsicana">
Scurcola Marsicana

Scurcola Marsicana is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.
It is located at the feet of Mount San Nicola, on the western rim of the former Fucine Lake.
History.
The most ancient findings of human presence in the area date from the 9th-8th centuries BC.
The name is of Lombard origin, and is first mentioned around 1150 AD.
In the nearby, in the Piani Palentini, was fought the Battle of Tagliacozzo between Conradin of Hohenstaufen and Charles I of Anjou. The city was also the seat of a massacre of the local population by the Piedmontese troops in the aftermath of the unification of Italy.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950605" title="Audience (disambiguation)">
Audience (disambiguation)

An audience is: 
Audience or The Audience may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5950607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950607" title="Here Comes the Rain Again">
Here Comes the Rain Again

"Here Comes the Rain Again" is a 1984 song by British pop duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart. The song was released as the third single in the UK from the album "Touch" and in the United States as the first single. It became Eurythmics' second Top 10 U.S. hit, peaking at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Here Comes the Rain Again" hit number eight in the UK Singles Chart, becoming their fifth consecutive Top 10 single in that country.
Song information.
The track is similar in musical style to past Eurythmics singles and its melancholy lyrics draw a comparison between the painful and tragic feelings of unrequited love with falling rain. Notably, the group adorned the recording with the composition and arrangement skills of Michael Kamen, resulting in more natural feel to the overall finished product (versus the heavily synthetic aesthetic of the "Sweet Dreams" album and its singles). 
Stewart explained to Songfacts that creating a melancholy mood in his songs is something he excels at. He said: "'Here Comes the Rain Again' is kind of a perfect one where it has a mixture of things, because I'm playing a b-minor, but then I change it to put a b-natural in, and so it kind of feels like that minor is suspended, or major. So it's kind of a weird course. And of course that starts the whole song, and the whole song was about that undecided thing, like here comes depression, or here comes that downward spiral. But then it goes, 'so talk to me like lovers do.' It's the wandering in and out of melancholy, a dark beauty that sort of is like the rose that's when it's darkest unfolding and bloodred just before the garden, dies. And capturing that in kind of oblique statements and sentiments."
The string arrangements by Michael Kamen were performed by members of the British Philharmonic Orchestra. However, due to the limited space in the studio, the Church, the players had to improvise by recording their parts in other parts of the studio. The song was then mixed by blending the orchestral tracks on top of the original synthesized backing track.
During Eurythmics reunion "Peacetour" they performed an in-studio concert for the A&E Network in the U.S. Dave Stewart revealed that the lyrics to the song came into being after an argument between himself and Lennox while they were doing some songwriting in New York City's Columbus Hotel. The basic melody had already been written and Lennox looked out the window after their fight and noticed it was starting to rain. She announced, "Here comes the rain again."
The running time for "Here Comes the Rain Again" is in actuality about five minutes long and was edited on the "Touch" album (fading out at approximately four-and-a-half minutes). Although it was edited even further for its single and video release, many U.S. radio stations played the full-length version of it. The entire five-minute version did not appear on any Eurythmics album until the US edition of "Greatest Hits" in 1991.
The song became the group's second top ten hit in the US. It debuted at #53 on 28 January 1984 and reached its peak position of #4 on 31 March of that year. In the UK, the single debuted at #20 on 21 January 1984 and reached its peak position of #8 on 4 February.
Music video.
The music video, featuring both Annie Lennox and Dave Stewart, was directed by Stewart, John Gerschfield and Jon Roseman, and released in December 1983, a month before the single came out. The video opens with a passing aerial shot of The Old Man of Hoy on the Island of Hoy in the Orkney Islands before transitioning to Lennox walking along the rocky shore and cliff top. She later explores a derelict cottage while wearing a nightgown and holding a lantern. Stewart stalks her with a video camera. In many scenes the two are filmed separately, then superimposed into the same frame. The result is that the viewer may perceive one as being a ghost in the world of the other.

</doc>
<doc id="5950609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950609" title="Secinaro">
Secinaro

Secinaro is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy. It is located in the Aterno River valley, on the slopes of Monte Sirente.
In the nearby a "crater field" (including a series of craters ranging from 140 to 2 m in diameter) was recently attributed to a meteor rain.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950610" title="Buddy Schwimmer">
Buddy Schwimmer

Buddy Schwimmer (born 1950) is an award-winning West Coast Swing dancer, a choreographer, and the inventor of the Nightclub Two Step. He has also been known as "The King of Swing", as well as "The Man with a Thousand Moves". He was a performer on the 1977 television variety show "Dance Fever" with Lynn Vogen, as well as the 1992 show "Big Band Ballroom Bash".
Schwimmer has founded his own swing competition, organizes the World Swing Championships in Las Vegas, and works as a dance teacher and coach.
Biography.
In 1965, at the age of 15, Schwimmer invented a new American partner dance, which he called "Nightclub Two Step". He developed this dance while practicing dance with his sister and searching for a way to dance to popular slow ballads.
Schwimmer had a dance studio in Costa Mesa for 22 years, and worked out of Moreno Valley for 10 years, teaching on the road.
In the mid 1990s, Schwimmer opened the "5-6-7-8 Dance Studio" in Redlands, California.
On July 31, 2006, Schwimmer's "5-6-7-8 Dance Studio" suffered a major fire while Schwimmer was in Los Angeles watching his son, Benji, compete on the program "So You Think You Can Dance". The studio, which holds both private lessons and classes with from 5 to 25 students, resumed full operations in September 2006.
In 2011, the studio 5-6-7-8 suffered another bout with mother nature and was forced to close. Buddy, being the trooper that he is, found another building and built a bigger and better studio and reopened under a new name, "Schwimmer's The Dance Center" with over of dance floor and 3 rooms for classes, the largest being approximately with the coolest ceiling fan you've ever seen. The New studio located at 1445 West Park Avenue, Redlands California 92373 held its Grand Opening in March to over 400 visitors dancing the night away to the music of Jumpin' Jack Smith with special exhibitions by Benji Schwimmer, Torri Smith and Brennar Goree, Tom and Sossy Hyatt and many others.
In 2012, Buddy purchased a campground in Arrowbear and plans to open a "non-profit" camp so that everyone can experience dance! His "Buddy Schwimmer's Resort to Dance" is currently undergoing renovations.
Children.
As of 2006, Schwimmer's son, Benji Schwimmer, who is sometimes called the "Prince of Swing" after his father, was the reigning United States Champion of West Coast Swing, and the winner on the 2006 televised competition "So You Think You Can Dance".
Buddy also has a daughter, Lacey Schwimmer, who has won national dance championships and came in fourth in season three of "So You Think You Can Dance". Lacey has danced for six seasons as one of the professionals on "Dancing with the Stars". Buddy appeared in the 13th season to help Lacey's partner Chaz Bono. Buddy also taught Jared Murillo, who has won national titles with Lacey Schwimmer. Murillo trained in West Coast Swing directly with Buddy Schwimmer.
He is a Mormon and brought his children up in the faith.

</doc>
<doc id="5950616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950616" title="Jane Relf">
Jane Relf

Jane Relf (born 7 March 1947) is the younger sister of Keith Relf of the Yardbirds. After the Yardbirds disbanded, Keith formed Renaissance and Jane joined on vocals. After Keith's death the surviving members of Renaissance reformed as Illusion, under which name they recorded two albums with Jane's vocals to the fore. Since Illusion dissolved Jane has sung on various Jim McCarty projects including Stairway and Renaissance Illusion.
Jane has released one solo single "Without a Song From You" b/w "Make My Time Pass By" in 1971 and also recorded a promotional single "The Fishermen" for Findus Frozen Foods.
Discography.
With Renaissance
With Illusion
With Stairway
With Renaissance Illusion

</doc>
<doc id="5950617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950617" title="Tione degli Abruzzi">
Tione degli Abruzzi

Tione degli Abruzzi is a "comune" in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950621" title="Tornimparte">
Tornimparte

Tornimparte is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
Geography.
Tornimparte is subdivided into 23 wards (frazioni): Castiglione, Capo La Villa, Villagrande, Capolitto, Case Tirante, Piè la Villa, Piagge, Pianelle, Colle San Vito, Colle Santa Maria, Barano, San Nicola, Colle Massimo, Colle Perdonesco, Viaro, Molino di Salomone, Piè la Costa, Colle Castagno, Collefarelli, Colle Fiascone, Forcelle, Palombaia, Rocca Santo Stefano.
Villagrande is the principal town and it is the administrative seat of the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="5950624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950624" title="Trasacco">
Trasacco

Trasacco is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950625" title="USS LSM-397">
USS LSM-397

USS "LSM-397" was a 520-ton (empty) Landing Ship Medium (LSM) of the United States Navy. Built at Charleston Navy Yard, South Carolina, and commissioned in July 1945, she served with the U.S. Atlantic Fleet for her entire Navy career, initially with the Amphibious Force. She was reassigned to the Service Force in May 1954. "LSM-397" was decommissioned in February 1958, and was sold in May 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="5950627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950627" title="Villa Sant'Angelo">
Villa Sant'Angelo

Villa Sant'Angelo is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of Italy, which lies in the Aterno River valley near the convergence of the Sirente and the Gran Sasso mountain ranges. Many of the municipal functions are managed cooperatively with adjacent villages, comprising the "Comunità Montana Amiternina".
The adjacent "frazione "of Tussillo sits just west of the village on the base of Saint Peter's Mountain
History.
Until recently, it was assumed that the origins of Villa Sant'Angelo dated back to the Middle Ages, however archaeological excavations have revealed the presence of buildings dating from Roman times. Ancient walls and portions of a necropolis (including tombs, terracotta and 4th Century bronze and silver coins) have been discovered in a series of digs conducted between 1986 and 2005.
In the early 20th century, numerous residents of Villa Sant'Angelo emigrated to the United States, beginning the decline of population from the peak of 1,027 recorded in the 1921 census. The communities of East Brady, Pennsylvania, and New Castle, Pennsylvania, in the United States absorbed many of these migrants.
At 3:32AM on the morning of April 6, 2009, a devastating earthquake hit central Italy, in particular Abruzzo. Approximately 90% of the buildings in Villa Sant'Angelo were destroyed and 17 people were killed.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950634" title="Villa Santa Lucia degli Abruzzi">
Villa Santa Lucia degli Abruzzi

Villa Santa Lucia degli Abruzzi is a little comune and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park.
Gallery.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950636" title="Peter Farrell (Irish footballer)">
Peter Farrell (Irish footballer)

Peter Desmond Farrell (16 August 1922 – 16 March 1999) was an Irish footballer who played as an a right-half for, among others, Shamrock Rovers, Everton and Tranmere Rovers. As an international, Farrell also played for both Ireland teams – the FAI XI and the IFA XI. In 1949 he was a member of the FAI XI that defeated England 2–0 at Goodison Park, becoming the first non-UK team to beat England at home. Farrell's playing career followed a similar path to that of Tommy Eglington. As well as teaming up at international level, they also played together at three different clubs.
Club career.
Shamrock Rovers.
Farrell was born and raised in the Convent Road area of Dalkey and was educated at Harold Boy's National School and Dun Laoghaire CBS which he won a scholarship to. He was playing football with Cabinteely Schoolboys when spotted by a Shamrock Rovers scout and subsequently joined Rovers on his 17th birthday in August 1939. Among his early team-mates was the veteran Jimmy Dunne. With a team that also included Jimmy Kelly, Tommy Eglington, Jimmy McAlinden and Paddy Coad, Farrell later helped Rovers reach three successive FAI Cup finals. They won the competition in 1944 and 1945 and finished as runners up in 1946.
Everton.
In July 1946, together with Tommy Eglington, Farrell signed for Everton. In eleven seasons with the club he played 421 league games and scored 14 goals. He also played a further 31 games in the FA Cup and scored a further 4 goals. In 1951 he was appointed Everton captain and during the 1953–54 season he led them to the runners up place in the Second Division, thus gaining promotion to the First Division. During his time with the club his team mates, apart from Eglington, also included Alex Stevenson, Peter Corr, Harry Catterick, Wally Fielding, Tommy E. Jones, Brian Labone and Dave Hickson. He was never sent off during his spell at Goodison Park.
Later years.
Farrell left Everton in October 1957 and followed Tommy Eglington to Tranmere Rovers where he became player-manager. He played 114 league games for Tranmere, before leaving in December 1960. After a spell as manager at Sligo Rovers, Farrell became manager of Holyhead Town and, helped by a number of former Everton and Tranmere players, he guided them to the Welsh League (North) title.
In September 1967 Farrell signed a one year contract to manage St. Patrick's Athletic F.C. [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1967/0908/Pg003.html#Ar00300:95D2D39A92F68F134692635E9152D394B2F69F0335A1734C].
He managed Pats in their 1967-68 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup ties against FC Girondins de Bordeaux but resigned in March 1968.
He also managed his own insurance business.
Ireland international.
When Farrell began his international career in 1946 there were, in effect, two Ireland teams, chosen by two rival associations. Both associations, the Northern Ireland – based IFA and the Republic of Ireland – based FAI claimed jurisdiction over the whole of Ireland and selected players from the whole island. As a result several notable Irish players from this era, including Farrell, played for both teams.
FAI XI.
Farrell made 28 appearances and scored 3 goals for the FAI XI. While still at Shamrock Rovers, he captained the FAI XI on his international debut on 16 June 1946, against Portugal. On 21 September 1949, together with Johnny Carey and Con Martin, he was a member of the FAI XI that defeated England 2–0 at Goodison Park, becoming the first non-UK team to beat England at home. After Martin had put the FAI XI ahead with a penalty in the 33rd minute, Farrell made victory certain in the 85th minute. Tommy O'Connor slipped the ball to Farrell and as the English goalkeeper Bert Williams advanced, Farrell lofted the ball into the unguarded net. He scored his second goal for the FAI XI on 9 October 1949 a in 1–1 draw with Finland, a qualifier for the 1950 FIFA World Cup. His third goal came on 30 May 1951 as Farrell scored the opening goal in a 3–2 win against Norway.
IFA XI.
Farrell also made 7 appearances for the IFA XI between 1946 and 1949. On 27 November 1946 he made his debut for the IFA XI in a 0–0 draw with Scotland. Together with Johnny Carey, Con Martin, Bill Gorman, Tommy Eglington, Alex Stevenson and Davy Walsh, he was one of seven players born in the Irish Free State to play for the IFA XI that day. The draw helped the team finish as runners-up in the 1947 British Home Championship. Farrell also helped the IFA XI gain some other respectable results, including a 2–0 win against Scotland on 4 October 1947 and a 2–2 draw with England at Goodison Park on 5 November 1947.
Honours.
"Player"
Shamrock Rovers
Ireland
Everton
"Manager"
Holyhead Town

</doc>
<doc id="5950638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950638" title="Villalago">
Villalago

Villalago is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950640" title="Simon Tan">
Simon Tan

Simon Leonardo P. Tan (born August 13, 1970) is a Filipino bassist. Beginning classical guitar lessons at age 13 at the Yamaha School of Music stimulated his later exposure to electric guitar and, inevitably, his interest in the electric bass. In 1988, he studied the contrabass at the University of the Philippines College of Music until 1992, and thereafter embarked on a professional musical career. His ability as a multi-genre bass player readily caught attention, notably in the pioneering Manila-based blues band, Lampano Alley, led by the Filipino blues singer and recording artist, Binky Lampano; followed by his tenure as bassist and composer with the award-winning Philippine jazz group, WDOUJI.
Influences.
Simon Tan's influences are varied and span different genres ranging from rock, classical, blues and jazz. His influences as a bass instrumentalist include Roscoe Beck, Ray Brown, Paul Chambers, Charlie Haden, James Jamerson, Marcus Miller, Jaco Pastorius and John Pattitucci. Notable (Filipino) musical (non-bass) influences include vocalist Binky Lampano and saxophonist Tots Tolentino.

</doc>
<doc id="5950644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950644" title="Villetta Barrea">
Villetta Barrea

Villetta Barrea is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.
References.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950647" title="Vittorito">
Vittorito

Vittorito is a "comune" and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy

</doc>
<doc id="5950652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950652" title="Audience (play)">
Audience (play)

Audience is a 1991 play by British playwright Michael Frayn.
The play works on the idea that the characters in the play are actually watching the audience, expecting them to perform. The playwright of the "play" is also in the audience. The comedy ensues as Frayn holds a mirror up to the audience and they see their our own foibles as audience members.
List of Characters.
The Usherette — An Usherette who doesn't quite like her job and just tries to get it done with haste. Often makes mistakes.
Joan — An elderly woman taken to see a show by her daughter Helena. Gets distracted often is not entirely concentrating on the show. Notices a man in the Audience who looks very familiar.
Helena — A woman in her thirties or forties taking her mother Joan out to see a play. Is embarrassed when she realizes the play is very sexual. She is worried about her husband Christopher who is at the wildlife with his friend Charles.
Charles — A very suave man who is taking his girlfriend Amanda out on a date to the theater. His wife believes he is at his Wildlife with his friends Christopher.
Amanda — A very beautiful woman who is being taken on a date with her boy friend Charles to the theater while her husband is in Germany. Is constantly worried that someone she knows will see her on her affair with Charles.
Quentin — A man who enjoys going to the theater and only came to see this show in order to see this one actor he adores. He later discovers that his favorite actor is replaced by an understudy.
Lee — Quinton's protégé, he is taking AP Drama and has to sit through a play with Quinton. He doesn't enjoy it until a teenage girl named Wendy arrives and grabs his attention.
Merrill — A senile old man that cannot help but fall asleep all the time. He often says random non-sequitur things.
Bobbie — Merrill's elderly wife who spends most of her time and energy keeping her husband in line.

</doc>
<doc id="5950662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950662" title="Felix Slatkin">
Felix Slatkin

Felix Slatkin (December 22, 1915 – February 8, 1963) was an American violinist and conductor.
Biography.
Slatkin was born in St. Louis, Missouri to a Jewish family originally named Zlotkin (though it is not certain) from areas of the Russian Empire now in Ukraine. He began studying the violin at the age of nine with Isadore Grossman. He began working professionally at the age of ten and won a scholarship to the Curtis Institute, where he studied violin with Efrem Zimbalist and conducting with Fritz Reiner.
At age 17 he joined the St. Louis Symphony and formed a chamber orchestra of young musicians. In 1935 he won a competition which included a solo appearance with the Hollywood Bowl Symphony Orchestra and Jose Iturbi. Around this time he met cellist Eleanor Aller, also of Russian Jewish extraction, whom he later married. During the Second World War, he served his country as a musician at the Santa Ana Air Force Base and as a conductor of the Army Air Force Tactical Command Orchestra, an organization that raised over 100 million dollars in war bonds.
He settled in Los Angeles and accepted the post of Concertmaster for Twentieth Century Fox Studios, performing numerous violin solos in motion pictures such as "How Green Was My Valley" and "How to Marry a Millionaire". In 1939 he founded the highly-acclaimed Hollywood String Quartet, which produced over 21 albums for Capitol Records and toured the United States, Europe, Australia and New Zealand, including a special appearance in 1957 for the Edinburgh Festival. In 1958, the quartet won a Grammy Award for Best Classical Performance-Orchestra from the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences for its performance of the Beethoven Late String Quartets.
His conducting career included his founding of the Concert Arts Orchestra and appearances with the Hollywood Bowl Symphony Orchestra. He was Frank Sinatra's concertmaster and conductor of choice during the Capitol years of the 1950s. He made over 25 recordings with these orchestras, also on the Capitol label, including a recording of Offenbach’s "Gaîté Parisienne" (a ballet arranged by Manuel Rosenthal), which won a Grammy Award in 1958. He also made over a dozen recordings for Liberty Records establishing “The Fantastic Strings, Fantastic Fiddles, Fantastic Percussion, and Fantastic Brass of Felix Slatkin.” In 1962, his recording entitled "Hoedown" won a Grammy nomination. In 1995, the Hollywood Quartet won the London Grammaphone award for their recording of Schöenberg’s "Verklärte Nacht" and Schubert’s "Quintet in C Major".
Felix Slatkin died from a heart attack at the age of 47.
Sons.
Felix's son, Leonard Slatkin is the conductor of the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, and his other son, Frederick Zlotkin (who uses the original Russian spelling of the family name) is Principal Cellist for the New York City Ballet and the cellist for the Lyric Piano Quartet.

</doc>
<doc id="5950663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950663" title="South Kitsap High School">
South Kitsap High School

South Kitsap High School is a public high school in the South Kitsap School District and is located at 425 Mitchell Ave Port Orchard, Washington.
More than 2,500 students are enrolled across three grades (10th-12th) with 125 teachers.
South Kitsap High School is a three-year comprehensive public school. The South Kitsap school year is divided into three trimesters of 60 days each. Each student has the possibility of earning two credits per trimester (1/3 credit per course), or a total of six credits each year. South Kitsap is on an extended three-period schedule. Students select six classes per trimester. Classes meet for approximately one hour and forty minutes every other day.
History and facilities.
It was originally built in 1921. An addition was made in 1962 followed by two addition and modernization projects in 1978 and 1980. The 337,392 square foot (31,300 m²) building is located on a 51.46 acre (20.8 hectares) site.
Band.
The school is known for its amazing marching band, "The Marching Machine", where they never cease to impress the school with their outstanding talent. In October 2008, the band was formally invited to march in the 2010 Tournament of Rose Parade in Pasadena, California. The band was one of 16 bands selected to perform in one of the most watched parades in the nation. Gov. Christine Gregoire has proclaimed Tuesday, January 26, 2010 South Kitsap High School Marching Band Day.
Gregoire signed the proclamation Jan. 8 in honor of the band’s performance in the 2010 Rose Parade in Pasadena, Calif. 
The band was also selected to perform in the Pearl Harbor Memorial Parade & Salute on December 7, 2011 in Honolulu, Hawaii. The event marked the 70th anniversary of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor during World War II. 
The band was a $10,000 grand-prize winner of the "Schools of the Rock Battle of the Bands," put on by Rock Wood Fired Pizza and Spirits, Seattle radio station KZOK and Xfinity in 2011. The SKHS band was selected over 27 other contestants, including Kingston High School, a school rival. 
South Kitsap High School Marching Band has also won other numerous parades, contests, and competitions.
Choir.
In 2008 the school's chamber choir famously performed a visual form of Handel's "Hallelujah" chorus. The video went viral, with more than 11 million views by August 2012.
References.
- Dennis Sigurdson Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="5950666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950666" title="Happy End (musical)">
Happy End (musical)

Happy End is a three-act musical comedy by Kurt Weill, Elisabeth Hauptmann, and Bertolt Brecht which first opened in Berlin at the Theater am Schiffbauerdamm on September 2, 1929. It closed after seven performances. In 1977 it premiered on Broadway, where it ran for 75 performances.
Production history.
After the success of Weill and Brecht's previous collaboration, "The Threepenny Opera", the duo devised this musical, written by Elisabeth Hauptmann under the pseudonym of Dorothy Lane. Hauptmann's sources included, among others, "Major Barbara."
The story is reminiscent of, but not the source of, the better-known musical "Guys and Dolls", which is based on Damon Runyon's short story, "The Idyll of Miss Sarah Brown".
The debut was plagued by problems. Hauptmann never finished the book of the musical, the play's opening debut saw cast member Helene Weigel reading from a Communist pamphlet on stage, and it was met with near-unanimous pans from the German press and deemed a total failure.
Nevertheless, the musical was subsequently produced in Europe, the first time in Munich in 1956. Successive productions included Hamburg in 1957, London in 1965 at the Royal Court Theatre and Frankfurt in 1983, along with a 1979 German film version.
The musical premiered on Broadway at the Martin Beck Theatre on May 7, 1977 and closed on July 10, 1977 after 75 performances. Directed by Robert Kalfin and Patricia Birch and staged by Birch, the cast starred Christopher Lloyd, Grayson Hall and Meryl Streep.
A 1984 production by Washington D.C.'s Arena Stage was televised as part of the short-lived "America's Musical Theater" series on PBS. 
A production at The Pacific Resident Theatre in 2005 garnered a Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Award for Best Revival of 2005.
A 2006 production by San Francisco's American Conservatory Theater used an English adaptation by Michael Feingold, and also had a CD cast recording. This version has been performed in venues including New York and Baltimore. 
Despite the poor initial reception of the play, several musical numbers have seen continued popularity, including "Surabaya Johnny", sung by Lillian Holiday and "Bilbao Song".
Plot.
A gang of criminals is hanging out in Bill's Beer Hall, plotting their shakedown of a local pharmacist while waiting for their mysterious female boss named The Fly, and her top tough guy Bill Cracker. Bill arrives with a homburg hat – a trophy from Gorilla Baxley, a rival gang leader whom he has just "taken care of". The gang rejoices – Bill's Beer Hall will now be the center of crime in Chicago, as great as the original Bill's Beer Hall in Bilbao ("The Bilbao Song") says the Governor which has since gotten very bourgeois and respectable.
A policeman drops off an old lady who passed out in the street. She turns out to be The Fly in disguise, and tells them a big bank job is set for Christmas Eve – two days away. The Fly is angry that Bill murdered Baxley without her consent and signals the gang to kill him. The Fly leaves and the gang plots to frame Bill for killing the pharmacist they were planning to shake down.
A Salvation Army band begins to play out on the street ("Lieutenants of the Lord"). Sister Lilian (or Lillian) Holiday brings the band inside the bar ("March Ahead"), and begins to try to convert the gang. They try to assault her and Bill comes to her rescue. When the gang and the band leaves, Lilian stays behind with Bill and tries again to reach him, singing "The Sailors' Tango".
Brother Hannibal returns with the band and is shocked at Lilian's behavior. After finding Bill's gun there, the police burst in and arrest Bill for the murder of the pharmacist in his shop.
At the Canal Street Mission, Major Stone is questioning Lilian's actions. She sings a reprise of "The Sailors' Tango". The police come to take Lilian's statement. She gives Bill an alibi – she was alone with him in the bar when the murder was committed. Brother Hannibal faints—the result of an old head injury—and the Major relieves Lilian of all her duties and tosses her out of the mission. The service begins ("Brother Give Yourself a Shove") and Sisters Jane and Mary, who are left to deliver Lilian's sermon, fail miserably.
Meanwhile back at Bill's Beerhall, the Governor, The Fly's new second in command, tells BabyFace that The Fly had made a secret deal with Gorilla Baxley to take over his gang which is now off. He gives BabyFace advice on being tough ("Song of the Big Shot").
Back at the Mission, Bill arrives at the end of the service ("Don't Be Afraid") looking for Lilian. Sam from the gang is there and tells him Lilian is gone as Hannibal sings the final hymn ("In Our Childhood's Bright Endeavor").
Lilian comes to the bar looking for Bill. Sam runs in saying Bill is out of jail and at the Mission looking for Lilian. The Governor gets his gun and goes to the Mission. Hannibal is singing "The Liquor Dealer's Dream". The Governor and Bill go out the door. There are sounds of a fight, a gunshot, and a splash. Bill runs in interrupting the last refrain. "Sing that last chorus again," he cries and jumps out the window just as Lilian comes through the front door.
Christmas Eve – Bill and the gang are preparing for the big bank job. The Professor is fiddling with some sort of two way radio and Sam is dressed as a woman. They joke with Sam who sings "The Mandalay Song".
The Fly's voice comes over the radio and gives the gang their instructions. Bill will be in charge of grabbing the money. As the gang leaves, Lilian enters. She is disappointed Bill has gone back to his life of crime ("Surabaya Johnny").
Bill cries at her song but says he's still tough ("Big Shot Reprise"). The Fly comes in disguised as a newsboy. Bill recognises her and realises he's almost missed the hold up. He runs out and Lilian storms out behind him.
The gang returns but Bill is nowhere to be found. The Fly puts the hit out on him again. "Take care of him tonight and leave worrying about the money till tomorrow" ("The Ballad of the Lily of Hell").
Lilian returns to the Mission and so does Bill. The Major wants nothing to do with either of them. The gang rushes in. Bill shows them he has the money. A cop comes in and the gang offers up the false alibis The Fly had given them. But the cop is there to question Bill about the disappearance of The Governor. The door flies open and The Governor walks in ("Big Shot Reprise 2"). He had only hit his head falling into a shallow part of the canal. Everyone is innocent so the policeman leaves.
Now The Fly comes in, gun drawn. Hannibal shouts "Sadie!" It turns out that he is the Fly's long lost husband ("In our Childhood Reprise"). She gives him the loot which he turns over to the Major. The Major gives Lilian her job back. The Fly steps forward and says the two groups should unite to fight for the poor against the injustices of the rich ("Epilogue: Hosanna Rockefeller"). A drunken Santa Claus appears at an upstairs window and the whole group reprise "The Bilbao Song".
Musical numbers.
Prologue – The Company
"Bill's Beer Hall, December 22"
"The Salvation Army Mission, Canal Street, and the Beer Hall, December 23"
"Scene 1: The Beer Hall, December 24"
"Scene 2: The Mission, later that night"
Quotation.
The phrase "robbing a bank's no crime compared to owning one" comes from this play, and Brecht subsequently added it to publication revisions of the earlier "Threepenny Opera", although it did not originally appear in the first production.
Recordings.
Conductor/Lilian/Dame in Grau/Bill/Sam:

</doc>
<doc id="5950675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950675" title="At Home (Cherish the Ladies album)">
At Home (Cherish the Ladies album)

At Home is an album by Irish-American folk group Cherish the Ladies that was released in 1999 on the RCA label. It contains of combination of traditional Irish folk songs, such as the Irish language "Is Fada Liom Uaimí Uaimí," and purely instrumental numbers, including jigs, reels, and airs. Bobby and Liam Clancy of The Clancy Brothers made guest appearances on the album. One of the members of Cherish the Ladies, Aoife Clancy, was the daughter of Bobby and the niece of Liam. Her brother, Finbarr Clancy, sings with them on "John o' Dreams," while her cousin Dónal Clancy accompanies them on guitar. This was the second-to-last album on which any of the Clancy Brothers appeared together.
Credits.
In alphabetical order:

</doc>
<doc id="5950676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950676" title="The Kipper and the Corpse">
The Kipper and the Corpse

"The Kipper and the Corpse" is the fourth episode of the second series of the British sitcom "Fawlty Towers". It first aired at 9.00pm on BBC2 on 12 March 1979. Distinguishing it from other episodes is its heavy use of black comedy.
Background.
During the early 1970s, John Cleese met a young hotelier called Andrew Leeman. They went on holiday together to the Aegean with their girlfriends between the first and second series of "Fawlty Towers", a time when Cleese was looking for ideas for plots. During the holiday, Leeman told him how when he was working at the Savoy he found a guest dead in his room, and was told to discreetly dispose of the body. Cleese turned this into "The Kipper and the Corpse" and the character who died was named Mr. Leeman in his honour.
Cast.
With:
Plot.
Basil and Sybil are working the bar where Mrs. Chase is fussing over her shih-tzu dog and Dr. Price wants some sausages, but all they can offer him are sandwiches. During the evening, a guest, Mr. Leeman, returns to "Fawlty Towers" feeling unwell in the stomach; we (but not the Fawltys) are introduced at this point to his business colleagues who, after sympathising and making arrangements for a meeting the next morning, leave. As Leeman picks up his key he asks for breakfast in bed, much to Basil's disdain. Not particularly interested in discussing food the way he is feeling, he opts for the Continental breakfast; Sybil offers kippers and he agrees.
The following morning, Dr. Price still yearns for some sausages, while Mrs. Chase makes a fuss of her dog, which bites Manuel and Polly for no reason. They exact revenge by putting liberal lashings of pepper and tabasco sauce on its food, causing it a severe stomach ache. In the kitchen Basil spots that the kippers Terry is cooking for Leeman are out of date. Despite his protestations, he is semi-reassured by Terry and outrightly overruled by Sybil, who orders him to take the breakfast upstairs. So distracted by outrage at industrial action reported in that morning's papers, he fails to notice that Leeman has died (possibly of stomach hemorrhage), assuming that his silence is due simply to rudeness, and instead rants about the strike while tidying the room and opening the curtains. Moments later Polly takes up the milk which had been mistakenly omitted from Leeman's breakfast tray, realises immediately that Leeman has died and hurries downstairs - visibly shaken - to tell everyone. Recalling the "Sell-By" date he spotted earlier, Basil immediately panics that the kippers killed him, but Dr. Price examines Leeman's body and concludes that he actually died at least ten hours ago. Basil, Manuel and Polly are then burdened with the task of trying to move the body from the room without the guests seeing. However, while moving him across the upstairs hall, Miss Tibbs sees the body and gets hysterical, so on Basil's advice Polly slaps her, but rather too hard and in fact knocks her out. The unconscious Miss Tibbs and the deceased are hidden in a bedroom cupboard. Of course, the room's occupants Mr. and Mrs. White want to enter their room there and then, so Basil, Polly and Manuel have to create a distraction, but Mr. and Mrs. White still hear Miss Tibbs moaning in the cupboard and force Basil to let her out. Whilst Basil tells them that she is a madwoman who likes to hide in people's wardrobes, Polly notices that Leeman's arm is sticking out of the cupboard and desperately tries to signal this to Basil, creating confusion.
The body is finally moved to the office, where Major Gowen stumbles across it and assumes that Leeman was shot dead in his sleep. Meanwhile, Dr. Price is still waiting for his sausages, and gets into a brief quarrel with Manuel about breakfast time until Basil clears the misunderstanding up, notably by poking Manuel in the eye. Miss Tibbs, now recovered, goes to the office to confront Basil but, of course, sees the dead body once more and faints. Mr. Leeman is then moved to the kitchen in the linen basket, until Dr. Price insists he be moved, and ends up in reception. When some people (who were shown earlier to be business associates) arrive at reception asking about Mr. Leeman, Basil thinks they are the undertakers. While he is talking to them, the linen basket with Leeman inside is taken away by the laundry men. Acting fast, the staff get him back and again try to hide him in several places, but Manuel loses his strength and gives up, instead hiding himself in the basket until Polly gets him out. Leeman's colleagues are informed of his death by Sybil and prepare to leave, while Basil hides the body behind the hat rack. A commotion occurs, and all the guests who were neglected, including Miss Tibbs (still in shock), Dr. Price (who had to cook his own sausages before realising that they were off), Mr. and Mrs. White (whose room was once again intruded upon) and Mrs. Chase (whose dog is ill from the tabasco sauce and the vet she requested hasn't been called), begin complaining. In a delicious bit of revenge, Basil discreetly calls the laundry men and tells the guests that Sybil (who, apart from some minor assistance, has done nothing but laze about while Basil, Manuel and Polly have caught the hell) will explain all the cock-ups that have occurred. As the guests round on Sybil, Basil hides in the basket and is taken away by the laundry men. Leeman is subsequently seen by all the guests, including a horrified Miss Tibbs, as Sybil desperately calls out Basil's name.
Stage adaptation.
In 1994, "The Kipper and the Corpse" was one of two "Fawlty Towers" episodes that were adapted for the stage and performed at the Theatre Geo in Hollywood. The other was "Basil the Rat".

</doc>
<doc id="5950681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950681" title="Didn't Have the Heart">
Didn't Have the Heart

"Didn't Have the Heart" is the second single from the 1995 album "Think With Your Heart" (LP 33374) by American singer Debbie Gibson. It was issued in the U.S. as a promotional release only and was edited in length from the album version.
(Deborah Gibson) Music Sales Corp., ASCAP

</doc>
<doc id="5950684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950684" title="Here (play)">
Here (play)

Here is a philosophical comedic play by British playwright Michael Frayn. It is about a young couple who move into a new flat and perpetually argue about how they make decisions. It was first performed at the Donmar Warehouse in 1993, when it starred Iain Glen as Phil and Teresa Banham as Cath. It flopped at the time but it has since been re-written. A BBC radio production was broadcast in 2007 with the roles played by Samuel West, Lucy Trageer and Margaret Courtney as Pat the landlady. It was revived on stage at the Rose Theatre, Kingston in April 2012 starring Zawe Ashton, Alex Beckett and Alison Steadman.
It was produced in Athens, Greece in December of 2009, at the "Treno sto Rouf" theater. The critically acclaimed production, starring Iris Chatziantoniou, Vaggelis Rokkos and Kaliopi Tachtsoglou under the direction of Iossif Vardakis, played with the idea of place, as the theater is a converted train car. 
It is available as a book: Publisher S. French, 1994; ISBN 0573694087, and also published by Methuen Publishing Ltd 2001; ISBN 0413752305

</doc>
<doc id="5950693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950693" title="SAIS Review">
SAIS Review

The SAIS Review of International Affairs is an academic journal based at the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS), part of The Johns Hopkins University. The journal's mission is to advance the debate on leading contemporary issues in world affairs. Seeking to bring a fresh and policy-relevant perspective to global political, economic, and security questions, the "SAIS Review" publishes essays that straddle the boundary between scholarly inquiry and practical experience. Issues often include book reviews and photo essays, as well.
The advisory board of the "SAIS Review" is made up of members of the SAIS administration and faculty as well as outside academics and journalists, including: Vali Nasr (Chair), Carla Freeman, Ann Hollick, Thomas Keaney, Robert Kagan, David Lampton, Peter Lewis, James Mann, Moisés Naím, Don Oberdorfer, and Erik Peterson.
The "SAIS Review" is published and distributed biannually by the Johns Hopkins University Press and is available online through Project MUSE. Articles appearing in the SAIS Review are indexed in the Public Affairs Information Service (PAIS), International Political Science Abstracts, and International in Print Bulletin. The full text of the SAIS Review articles is also available in the electronic versions of the Social Sciences Index.

</doc>
<doc id="5950696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950696" title="Recruitment process outsourcing">
Recruitment process outsourcing

Recruitment Process Outsourcing is a form of business process outsourcing (BPO) where an employer outsources or transfers all or part of its recruitment activities to an external service provider. 
The Recruitment Process Outsourcing Association defines RPO as follows: "when a provider acts as a company's internal recruitment function for a portion or all of its jobs. RPO providers manage the entire recruiting/hiring process from job profiling through the onboarding of the new hire, including staff, technology, method and reporting. A properly managed RPO will improve a company's time to hire, increase the quality of the candidate pool, provide verifiable metrics, reduce cost and improve governmental compliance." 
The RPO Alliance, a group of the Human Resources Outsourcing Association (HROA), approved this definition in February 2009: "Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) is a form of business process outsourcing (BPO) where an employer transfers all or part of its recruitment processes to an external service provider. An RPO provider can provide its own or may assume the company's staff, technology, methodologies and reporting. In all cases, RPO differs greatly from providers such as staffing companies and contingent/retained search providers in that it assumes ownership of the design and management of the recruitment process and the responsibility of results."
Occasional recruitment support, for example temporary, contingency and executive search services, is more analogous to out-tasking, co-sourcing or just sourcing. In this model, the service provider is just a source for certain types of recruitment activity. The distinction between RPO and other types of staffing is that in RPO, the service provider assumes control of the process.
History.
While temporary, contingency and executive search firms have operated for decades, the outsourcing of part or all of a company's recruiting process was first realized on a consistent basis in the 1970s. In Silicon Valley's highly competitive high-tech labor market, fast-growing high-tech companies were hard-pressed to locate and hire the technical specialists they required, and so found themselves required to pay large fees to specialized external recruiters. Over time, companies began to examine how they might reduce the growing expenses of recruitment fees while still hiring hard-to-find technical specialists, and began to examine the steps in the recruiting process with an eye toward outsourcing only those portions that they had the greatest difficulty with and that added the greatest value to them. Initial RPO programs typically consisted of companies purchasing lists of potential candidates from RPO vendors. This "search/research" function, as it was called, generated names of competitors' employees for a company and served to augment the pool of potential candidates from which that company could hire.
Over time, as business in general embraced the concept of outsourcing, RPO gained favor among human resource management, to reduce overhead costs from their budgets, and improve the company's competitive advantage in the labor market. As labor markets became more competitive, RPO became more of an acceptable option. Furthermore, through the advent in the 1980s and 1990s of human resources outsourcing (HRO) companies that began taking on the processes associated with benefits, taxes and payroll, companies began recognizing that recruiting should also be considered for outsourcing. In the early 2000s, more companies increasingly considered the outsourcing of recruitment for major portions of their recruiting need. 
Fundamental changes in the US labor market also serve to reinforce the use of RPO: The labor market has become increasingly dynamic, workers today change employers more often than in previous generations. De-regulated labor markets have also created a shift towards contract and part-time labor and shorter work tenures. These trends increase recruitment activity and may encourage the use of RPO.
In the UK, James Caan (also known for his Dragons' Den role on BBC television) was the first to develop RPO in the 1990s and still offers global RPO solutions with his business partners Jon Bennett and Rachel McKenzie through his company, HB Retinue. RPO in the UK can now be considered to be in its third generation. With a much more flexible and consultative approach, RPO providers are increasing their ability to implement changes with much less disruption to client's systems and processes, reducing risk whilst maintaining the values of an implementation.
Everest Group estimates the current size of the RPO market at US$1.4billion in annualized spend with a growth rate of over 25% in 2010-11. The process has moved beyond a nascent stage to a highly competitive environment with multiple service providers and more complex forms of RPO such as multi-country RPO and blended RPO (managing permanent and temporary hires within the same arrangement).
Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) refers to the process by which a company outsources part or all of its recruitment functions. This can include job postings, sourcing, screening, interview scheduling and logistics, offer execution, system compliance, and HRIS (human resources information systems) data entry.
It is important to note the distinction between RPO and HRO or Recruitment process outsourcing and Human Resources Outsourcing. While both fall under the Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) umbrella, HRO refers to the outsourcing of certain HR functions such as HR system input, paperwork processing, benefits management, compensation, and performance management.
Other business drivers include:
•Quality and Speed of Delivery. Utilizing a team of experienced, professional recruiters can increase the quality of hire and the speed with which you fill open positions.
•Anticipated or Unanticipated High Volume Staffing Needs. An RPO partner can help satisfy seasonal or cyclical hiring needs, and ramp your staff up or down at a fair cost.
•Consistent Tracking and Compliance. An RPO partner can handle and assure adherence to all necessary compliance measures within the sourcing, recruiting, and hiring process.
•Employment Brand. A candidate’s experience applying and interviewing for a job at your organization has a direct impact on its employment brand. Your internal HR department is likely being pulled in myriad directions at any given time. A dedicated RPO partner, however, can focus on ensuring a positive experience for candidates.
Just one warning: If your company’s internal recruiting strategy is failing, it can’t be assumed that outsourcing the function will resolve the issues. It can’t be the mindset that an RPO will “do your mess for less.”
To truly be successful the RPO relationship must be a partnership in every sense of the word. All of a company’s key stakeholders need to be brought and bought into the arrangement and work together to accomplish the organization’s recruitment goals.
Benefits.
RPO providers claim the method has lower costs because the economies of scale enables them to offer recruitment processes at lower cost while economies of scope allow them to operate as high-quality specialists. Those economies of scale and scope arise from a larger staff of recruiters, databases of candidate resumes, and investment in recruitment tools and networks. RPO solutions are also claimed to change fixed investment costs into variable costs that flex with fluctuation in recruitment activity. Companies may pay by transaction rather than by staff member, thus avoiding under-utilization or forcing costly layoffs of recruitment staff when activity is low.
They also claim higher quality, because the commercial relationship between an RPO provider and a client is likely to be based on specific performance targets. With remuneration dependent on the attainment of such targets, an RPO provider will concentrate their resources in the most effective way - at times to the exclusion of non-core activity. Traditional internal recruitment teams are less likely to have such clearly defined performance target
Risks.
RPO can only succeed together with a well-defined corporate staffing strategy. A company must manage its RPO activities, providing initial direction and continued monitoring to assure good results. An RPO solution may not work if the company's existing recruitment processes are performing poorly, or if the service provider lacks the necessary recruitment processes or procedures to work with the client. In these situations, it is better for the company to undergo a recruitment optimization program.
Cost and quality can be issues, The cost of engaging an RPO provider may be more than with internal recruiting staff, as the outside provider is likely to have higher business overhead. Poorly implemented RPO could reduce the effectiveness of recruitment, if the provider does not understand the business situation. Service providers may fail to provide the quality or volume of staff required, especially in industry sectors where there are staff shortages. RPO providers do not necessarily act as custodians of their clients' employer brand in the way that a strongly aligned retained search firm or internal recruiting resource would. Many RPO organisations perform their staffing functions and service offsite or offshore, disconnecting the provider from the client company's growth and recruiting strategy, and some of the momentum and energy associated with the rapid upscaling of a workforce through recruitment may dissipate.
Additionally, placing all recruitment in the hands of a single outside provider may discourage the competition that would arise if multiple recruitment providers were used.

</doc>
<doc id="5950702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950702" title="Now You Know (novel)">
Now You Know (novel)

Now You Know is a novel by British author Michael Frayn.

</doc>
<doc id="5950711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950711" title="Billy Blastoff">
Billy Blastoff

The toyline known as Billy Blastoff incorporated several versions of a four-inch tall, plastic, child-faced adventurer produced by Eldon in the late 60's and early 70's. The concept appears to have been licensed from Tomy (of Japan) by Eldon for distribution in the US, Canada and Europe. Billy Blastoff was sometimes packaged as a deluxe Space Set with his friend Robbie Robot (Robbie was also featured in his own packaged set). Billy and Robbie could be purchases separately or packaged with equipment in different Action Sets. Vehicles made for the figures were powered by a gear beneath the figures' pack which also held "AA" batteries. The battery pack could also power several figure-held accessores such as a Radar Scope, Space Gun and underwater light via jack and corded plug. 
Some carded accessory packs were marketed in Europe, and possibly Canada and the US in limited regions. 
Eldon also produces some additional Billy Blastoff "spin-off" products including a bubble-blowing plastic pistol called the Billy Blastoff Bubble Popper and the Billy Blastoff board game.
Available action set combinations.
The earlier sets came with a small comic book that offered a visual storyline of Billy's adventures and promotions for other Billy Blastoff sets and accessories.

</doc>
<doc id="5950714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950714" title="Montesilvano">
Montesilvano

Montesilvano is a town and "comune" of the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy. The name Montesilvano is apparently derived from the Latin which means woody hill (woods - silva). 
Geography.
The town is located on the Adriatic Sea and offers a wide choice of accommodation (hotels, rental flats, B&B) and entertainment both for Italian and foreign tourists.
Montesilvano is situated immediately north of Pescara, to which it is physically connected. Montesilvano is divided into Montesilvano Marina and Montesilvano Colle. The former is the lively, crowded seaside resort; the latter the original medieval comune and citadel.

</doc>
<doc id="5950722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950722" title="Abbateggio">
Abbateggio

Abbateggio is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
The first documents about the village's existence date back to the 10th century.
The economy of Abbateggio is based on mixed agriculture. Livestock are kept and crops including grain, olives, vines and fruit trees are grown. Cheese and honey are also produced.
The Cusano district of the comune is home to the ruins of an ancient castle and other early medieval buildings.
Culture.
Festivals in the town include:

</doc>
<doc id="5950724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950724" title="Alanno">
Alanno

Alanno is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
The first settlement of Alanno dates probably from the Lombard domination. Later it was a possession of the heirs of Ettore Fieramosca.
Main sights.
The most important landmark of Alanno is the Renaissance church of "Santa Maria delle Grazie", built around 1485 to venerate a miraculous apparition of the Madonna. It is outside the town. It has an elegant portal (1505) surmounted by a lunette with a fresco of the "Deposition". The single nave ends with an apse with frescoes attributed to Andrea De Litio's workshop (1522) and a 15th-century triptych with "Madonna, Angels and Saints".
The decoration of the interior is otherwise in Baroque style. The altar, finished in 1642, has a precious 15th century triptych with the "Madonna between St. Sebastian and a Holy Pope".
Other points of interest include the three towers, remains of the medieval walls, the 16th century church of St. Francis and the Wildlife Oasis of Alanno, characterized by numerous birds species and a rich river vegetation.
<BR clear=all>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950726" title="Out and About">
Out and About

Out and About is an album by Cherish the Ladies that was released in 1993 on the Green Linnet label.

</doc>
<doc id="5950727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950727" title="Bolognano">
Bolognano

Bolognano is a "comune" (municipality) and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950729" title="Nova (Frankie Raye)">
Nova (Frankie Raye)

Nova is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Publication history.
The character first appeared as Frankie Raye in "Fantastic Four" #164 (November 1975) and was created by writer Roy Thomas and artist George Pérez. After several years as a minor supporting character, she became a herald of Galactus and assumed the name "Nova" in "Fantastic Four" #244 (July 1982) by John Byrne. The character was killed in "Silver Surfer" #75 (December 1992). Writer Kathryn Immonen and artist Tonči Zonjić revived Frankie Raye in the "Heralds" limited series in 2010.
Fictional character biography.
Frankie Raye worked for the United Nations as an interpreter. She met Johnny Storm and became his girlfriend, despite her fear of fire. The couple soon break up, despite an attempt at reconciliation by Johnny. A brief encounter by the two some time later results in an unpleasant reaction by Frankie. They eventually begin to see each other again. Her fear was eventually explained to be the result of a mental block induced by her stepfather, Phineas Horton, after she was accidentally doused with the chemicals which caused the android original Human Torch (his creation) to burst into flame, in an attempt to prevent her from using the Torch-like powers granted to her by the accident.
After breaking through the block, she regained her full memory and discovered her previously repressed superhuman powers, and became the third person to take the name the Human Torch. She aided the Fantastic Four for a short time, until she volunteered to become the new herald of Galactus. She took the name "Nova". Having previously demonstrated what the Fantastic Four deemed an alarming willingness to kill opponents, she claimed to have no compunction about leading him to sentient populated planets and proved that when she led the Devourer of Worlds to the Skrull home-world to consume it. Nova later attended the trial of Reed Richards by the Shi'ar Empire. When Richard Rider resumed his Nova identity alongside the New Warriors, he was briefly called "Kid Nova" to distinguish him from Raye.
Nova was later rescued from Skrull imprisonment by the Silver Surfer, whom she met for the first time. She then battled the Elders of the Universe. Galactus sent her to locate one of the Elders, the Contemplator, and she was joined in this quest by the Silver Surfer. They journeyed to the Coal Sack Nebula where they were captured by Captain Reptyl. After battling Captain Reptyl, Nova battled Ronan the Accuser. This was followed by a clash with a Skrull duplicate of the Silver Surfer and a romantic flirtation with the real Silver Surfer. Nova and Galactus battled the In-Betweener. Nova then turned her romantic interests toward Firelord.
Nova later encountered an injured Elan. She battled the second Star-Stalker, and then met the Power Pack. A stimulator device temporarily rendered her evil, until she was subdued by Reed and Franklin Richards, and Power Pack.
Frankie Raye was ultimately killed by the alien Morg, who had replaced her as Galactus' herald. The demon Mephisto later made it appear that she had returned from the dead in a failed bid to steal the soul of the Silver Surfer.
In the weekly mini-series "Heralds", a character named Frances appears. After stabbing a customer at the diner where she works following a disruption from space that led to the destruction of a S.W.O.R.D. facility and the release of many cloned scientists and prehistoric life forms, Frances speeds off in a car where she meets a clone of Phineas Horton. After crashing the car while attempting to miss him, Frances looks up at Horton and says "Father?" while the Horton clone greets her with, "Hello, Frankie." As the series continues, female superheroes Emma Frost, Hellcat, Monica Rambeau, She-Hulk and Valkyrie find her and after a brief discussion where they speculate that she could be a returned Frankie Raye, which she denies, claiming her name is Frances, they agree to take her to the Baxter Building. At the same time, a fully flamed Nova arrives in New York, causing Johnny Storm's powers to activate automatically.
Powers and abilities.
Nova originally gained her superhuman powers as the result of a mutagenic reaction to an exposure to unknown chemicals. Originally, she had powers similar to that of the Human Torch: flame generation, projection, and flight.
Her powers were later enhanced exponentially by the infusion of cosmic energies by the world-devourer Galactus. She gained metahuman strength, stamina, durability, agility, and reflexes. She had the ability to manipulate cosmic energy in the form of stellar fire, and which allowed her to project any form of energy possessed by a star, including heat, light, gravity, radio waves and charged particles. She also had the ability to project streams of stellar fire for distances in the hundreds of miles, and to mentally control the flame she projects (for instance, to maintain a sustained ring around a person or object at a fixed distance). She also has the ability to fly at superluminal speeds through intergalactic space and traverse hyper-space. Finally, she possessed near-total physical invulnerability, as was evident when she was once punched by Phoenix III with such force that it launched her from Earth and slammed her into the moon's surface, forming an impact crater in the process. She later expressed amazement that she was able to even survive such a blow, let alone withstand it completely uninjured. Nova's entire body, particularly her head, is plumed with cosmic energy resembling flames.
Frankie Raye was fluent in more than one language besides English.
Other versions.
An alternate universe version of Hercules encountered Nova in the 24th century in the first "Hercules" limited series by writer/artist Bob Layton.
Writer-penciler John Byrne and inker Terry Austin produced a serialized story titled "The Last Galactus Story", which appeared in the anthology comics-magazine "Epic Illustrated" #26-34 (Oct. 1984 - Feb. 1986), and detailed an all-new adventure for the character. The magazine published the first nine serialized installments of a what was to be a 10-part tale. Each ran six pages, with the exception of part eight, which ran 12 pages. The magazine was cancelled as of February 1986, leaving the last chapter unpublished and the story unfinished. According to notes at Byrne's website, the conclusion of the story would see a dying Galactus releasing his power causing a new Big Bang and transforming his herald Nova into the Galactus for the new universe.
During the Fantastic Four's fight with Abraxas, they were briefly allied with an alternate version of Nova. It was revealed at the conclusion that she was actually allied with Abraxas after her Galactus destroyed Earth even after accepting her as his herald. Nova transferred her anger for her failure to the Fantastic Four of the Earth-616 universe in the absence of her own. Abraxas subsequently drew in an army of Novas who had experienced similar traumas to keep the Fantastic Four occupied while he acquired the Ultimate Nullifier, the resulting army of Novas requiring the assistance of an army of alternate Avengers just to keep them occupied.
In other media.
Toys.
A Nova Minimate is featured in the Toys "R" Us exclusive "Heralds of Galactus" boxset.
Film.
Frankie Raye appears in the feature film "" portrayed by Beau Garrett. In this version, the character is a US Army Captain.

</doc>
<doc id="5950730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950730" title="Hamiduddin Farahi">
Hamiduddin Farahi

Hamiduddin Farahi (1863–1930) was a celebrated Islamic scholar of South Asia known for his groundbreaking work on the concept of "Nazm", or Coherence, in the Quran. He was instrumental in producing scholarly work which proved that the verses of the Quran are interconnected in such a way that each Surah, or Chapter, of the Quran forms a coherent structure, having its own central theme, which he called "umood" (the theme which stands out). He also started writing his own exegesis, or "tafsir", of the Quran which was left incomplete due to his death in 1930. The "Muqaddimah", or the Introduction, to this "tafsir" is an extremely important work on the theory of "Nazm-ul-Quran".
Early life.
Farahi was born in "Phreha" (hence the name "Farahi"), a village in the district of Azamgarh, Uttar Pradesh, India. He was a maternal cousin of the famous theologian-historian Shibli Nomani (1858–1914). He studied at MAO College and Allahabad University. In his studies while completing B.A., he proved himself to be an expert in Arabic and Persian languages.
As a teacher.
After finishing his studies, Farahi taught Arabic at various institutions, including M.A.O. College and "Dar-ul-Ulum", Hyderabad. While at Aligarh, he learnt Hebrew from the German Orientalist, Joseph Horovitz (1874–1931), who was a Professor of Arabic at the M.A.O. College. During his stay in Hyderabad, Farahi conceived the idea of establishing a University where all religious and modern sciences would be taught in Urdu. The scheme he prepared for this purpose later materialized in the form of "Jamiah Uthmaniyyah", Hyderabad. He subsequently came to "Sara-e-Mir", a town in Azamgarh, where he took charge of the "Madrasatul Islah" (School for Reform), an institution based on the educational ideas of Shibli Nomani and Farahi. Farahi had served as chief administrator of the school since its inception, but other engagements kept him away from becoming actively involved in its affairs. From 1925, when he came to Sara-e-Mir, to 1930, the year of his death, Farahi devoted most of his time and energy to managing the affairs of the "Madrasa-tul-Islah" and teaching there. A few students - Amin Ahsan Islahi was one of them - received special training from him and later became the bearer of his torch.
Recognition of his work.
Farahi is well known to most scholars of the South Asia, who have acknowledged his outstanding contribution to Islamic thought and learning.
Maulana Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi writes, "It has been generally accepted that in recent times, very few have reached the position Allama Farahi has been blessed with by the Almighty as far as deliberation on the Qur'an is concerned. He has spent the major portion of his life pondering on the meanings of this Book, and has written such a masterful commentary on the Qur'an that it is difficult to find its parallel even in the early period..." 
Maulana Shibli Nomani writes, "It is generally believed that a talented person can in no way remain unknown to the world. Experience as well as history bear testimony to this. However, each rule has an exception. Maulvi Hameed Uddin ... is a good example of such an exception ... In this age, his treatise "Tafseer Nizaam-ul-Quran" is as essential and beneficial to Muslims as pure water is to the thirsty and exhausted."
Maulana Syed Sulaiman Nadvi writes, " ... The Ibni Taimiyah of this age has died on 11 November 1930 --- someone whose brilliance is very unlikely to be surpassed now and whose comprehensive command of oriental and occidental disciplines is a miracle of this era. A profound scholar of the Qur'an ... a unique personality ... an embodiment of piety ... an unfathomable sea of knowledge ... an institution within himself ... a literary genius ... a researcher of prodigious intellect ... It is a matter of great sorrow that such a brilliant personality graced the world and then perished, but the world could not recognize its grandeur ... "
Maulana Manazir Ahsan Gilani writes, "... the revivalist movement launched by Shah Wali Ullah the eighteenth century, in recent years has drawn inspiration from "Tafseer Nizaam-ul-Qur'an" the work of a distinguished scholar, Maulana Hameed Uddin Farahi. Among other features of this commentary (i.e. relationship between the Qur'an and the Bible, and various literary discussions), its salient feature is the unprecedented attempt in it to bring out the coherence between the verses. It is this coherence which sometimes provides enough evidence that the Qur'an is a Divine Book." 
Maulana Abdul Majid Daryabadi writes, "In this age, Allama Hameed Uddin Farahi is the most outstanding personality as far as Qur'anic Studies are concerned. He not only occupies a distinguished position among the scholars of recent times, but, in fact, has discovered some new principles for the interpretation of the Qur'an. The foremost among them is his philosophy of coherence in the Qur'an."
Works.
Most of Farahi's work is in Arabic. Farahi's chief scholarly interest was the Quran, the focal point of all his writings. Most of his published works are in the form of notes that were later compiled by his followers such Maulana Amin Ahsan Islahi and Allama Khalid Masud and others. Some of the books he wrote are:

</doc>
<doc id="5950732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950732" title="Brittoli">
Brittoli

Brittoli is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the natural park known as the "Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park".

</doc>
<doc id="5950735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950735" title="Bussi sul Tirino">
Bussi sul Tirino

Bussi sul Tirino is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the natural park known as the "Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park".

</doc>
<doc id="5950739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950739" title="Dwayne McClain">
Dwayne McClain

Dwayne Eddie McClain (born 7 February 1963) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Indiana Pacers in the 2nd round (27th overall) of the 1985 NBA Draft.
A 6'6" shooting guard from Villanova University, he played one season in the NBA.
As a member of the Pacers during the 1985-86 season, he averaged 3.5 points in 45 games played. McClain was a member of Villanova's National Championship team in 1985.
Dwayne also played professionally in France, Canada, The Philippines, Indonesia and Greece before finishing his career in Australia.
McClain had a career in Australia in the National Basketball League (NBL) during the early 1990s. He started in Australia in 1991 with the Sydney Kings, staying with the team until the end of 1993. After three years away he returned to the NBL for a season with the Gold Coast Rollers in 1996, followed by his last season in Australia in 1997 with the Brisbane Bullets. McClain's record in Australia saw him just miss out on a place on the NBL's 25th Anniversary Team, being the third alternate in voting. He played 105 games in the NBL, averaging 25.4 points, 6.8 rebounds and 5 assists per game.
He was the MVP of the 1989 Continental Basketball Association All-Star Game.
On October 10, 2013, McClain was named in the Sydney Kings 25th Anniversary Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5950741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950741" title="Cappelle sul Tavo">
Cappelle sul Tavo

Cappelle sul Tavo is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
History.
Cappelle sul Tavo has been an independent municipality since 1906. Previously, it was part of the municipality of Montesilvano.
The name probably derives from a number of small "cappelle" (chapels) among the woods. The name "Cappelle" also appears in documents of the 11th and 12th centuries and is represented in the emblem of the town, showing two Gothic chapels. 

</doc>
<doc id="5950747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950747" title="Caramanico Terme">
Caramanico Terme

Caramanico Terme is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy, situated near the confluence of the Orfento and Orta rivers, on a hilltop between the Monte Morrone and the Majella mountains.[http://www.abruzzo2000.com/abruzzo/pescara/caramanico.htm]
History.
The town takes its name from either "cara", meaning rock, or from "arimannia", a Lombard establishment in the late Middle Ages. Then the name Terme was added in 1960 because of the presence of a spa nearby. 
The present settlement is recorded since Lombard times. Then it underwent a remarkable development in the 14th-15th centuries, under the D'Aquino family, and in that period many important monuments were built. 
In 1706 an earthquake nearby destroyed the town.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950751" title="Carpineto della Nora">
Carpineto della Nora

Carpineto della Nora is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara, Abruzzo region, Italy. It is located in the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950757" title="Castiglione a Casauria">
Castiglione a Casauria

Castiglione a Casauria is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the natural park known as the "Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park".
Twin towns.
<BR>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950760" title="Catignano">
Catignano

Catignano is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy

</doc>
