<doc id="5932813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932813" title="Georgia State Route 40">
Georgia State Route 40

State Route 40 (SR 40) is a state highway in the southeast part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The highway travels from US 1/US 23/US 301/SR 4/SR 15 in Folkston east to Church Street in St. Marys. SR 40 is the primary east–west highway of eastern Charlton County and southern Camden County. The highway connects Folkston and St. Marys with Kingsland, where the route meets Interstate 95 (I-95) and US 17/SR 25. SR 40 also serves as the majority of the route from I-95 to Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay and Cumberland Island National Seashore. SR 40 has a pair of auxiliary routes: a connector route in Folkston and a spur route in St. Marys that provides access to the submarine base and Crooked River State Park.
SR 40 was assigned to the Folkston–St. Marys highway in the early 1920s. The highway was first improved in the mid-1920s and paved in the mid-1930s from Kingsland to St. Marys. SR 40 was paved from Folkston east to the Charlton–Camden county line in the late 1930s and from the county line to Kingsland in the early 1940s. The highway was extensively relocated between Folkston and Kingsland in the mid-1960s. SR 40 was expanded to four lanes, much of it divided highway, east of Kingsland in the 1980s. The Georgia Department of Transportation (GDOT) has long-term plans to expand the state highway to a four-lane divided highway from Folkston to Kingsland. The first portion of this project was completed east of Folkston in the mid-2000s.
Route description.
SR 40 has a pair of similarly named official designations west of Kingsland. The Georgia General Assembly designated part of the Okefenokee Parkway from Folkston to I-95, which was then under construction, in 1968. SR 40 from Folkston to Kingsland became one of ten stretches of highway designated part of the Okefenokee Trail by the state legislature in 2006. The highway is a part of the National Highway System for its entire length.
Folkston to Kingsland.
SR 40 begins at the intersection of Main Street and Second Street in the city of Folkston. Second Street carries US 1/US 23/US 301/SR 4/SR 15. Main Street continues west as an unnumbered street through the center of town. Two blocks west of SR 40's terminus, Main Street intersects CSX's Nahunta Subdivision, a very busy dual track rail line that attracts railfans to the Folkston Railfan Platform one block south of Main Street. One block west of the rail line, Main Street meets SR 23/SR 121 (Okefenokee Parkway). SR 40 heads east for one block to Main Street's eastern end at Third Street, an intersection that is adjacent to the Charlton County Courthouse. The state highway turns south onto Third Street for one block, then turns east onto Kingsland Road.
SR 40 meets the eastern end of SR 40 Connector (Cross Street) and leaves Folkston as a two-lane road. The road expands to a four-lane divided highway for about before reverting to two lanes shortly before crossing the Charlton–Camden county line. SR 40 intersects SR 110, which heads northeast to Woodbine, at the hamlet of Colerain. Between Folkston and Kingsland, the highway crosses several streams that feed into the parallel St. Marys River. SR 40 enters Kingsland on King Avenue, which has a grade crossing of the First Coast Railroad and intersects US 17/SR 25 (Lee Street). Here, the state highway expands to a four-lane undivided street. SR 40 expands again to a six-lane divided highway and begins to closely parallel the St. Marys Railroad through a commercial area just west of its partial cloverleaf interchange with I-95.
Kingsland to St. Marys.
Near the east end of the commercial area on either side of I-95, SR 40 becomes a five-lane road with center turn lane. SR 40 gains a median again at its intersection with Kings Bay Road, one of several highways that lead to Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay. Another main highway to the naval base is St. Marys Road, which the highway meets at a partial cloverleaf interchange on the boundary between the cities of Kingsland and St. Marys. SR 40 intersects a branch of the railroad that heads into the naval base and crosses Dark Entry Creek before meeting the southern end of SR 40 Spur (Charlie Smith, Sr., Highway), which heads north along the western edge of the naval base on its way to Crooked River State Park.
SR 40 continues through St. Marys along Osborne Road, which is a five-lane road with center turn lane until after it passes to the south of St. Marys Airport. SR 40 reduces to four lanes and then two as it curves south onto Osborne Street in the center of St. Marys. The highway intersects the St. Marys Railroad near its eastern terminus before reaching its eastern terminus at the intersection of Osborne Street and Church Street. Osborne Street continues south past the historic home Orange Hall and into the St. Marys Historic District, at the southern end of which is the passenger ferry to Cumberland Island and its national seashore.
History.
SR 40 was assigned to the highway from Folkston to St. Marys via Kingsland by 1920. However, the route from Folkston to what became US 17/SR 25 in Kingsland was not marked on maps between 1921 and January 1932. The highway that was to become SR 40 followed most of its present alignment from Folkston to the Charlton–Camden county line in 1919 but had a significantly different route in western Camden County, following what are now Colerain Road, Forestry Road, Marr Cemetery Road, Oakhill Church Road, Willies Loop, Old Folkston Road, Arizona Avenue, and several sections of abandoned highway. East of Kingsland, the highway followed most of its present alignment but crossed the parallel railroad several times.
By 1926, the Kingsland–St. Marys highway was a sand or dirt road. When the Folkston–Kingsland stretch of SR 40 reappeared on maps in February 1932, the highway was recorded as an unimproved but maintained road. SR 40 was under construction along its present alignment from US 17 in Kingsland to the south end of Osborne Street in St. Marys by October 1934; the highway was completed as a paved road by January 1936. The highway from Folkston to the Charlton–Camden county line was under construction by October 1936. The construction was extended east from the county line to the highway's original SR 110 junction in July 1937. When construction concluded in October 1937, there was a paved highway from Folkston to the county line and a graded but otherwise unimproved highway from there to SR 110. SR 40 between Colerain and the western edge of Kingsland was under construction by July 1939 and paving was completed in January 1941. The gap in Kingsland was placed under construction by April 1941 but was not completed until the beginning of 1943.
The first major rerouting of SR 40 occurred between 1963 and 1966 when the highway was moved to its present alignment between the Charlton–Camden county line and Kingsland. By 1982, the highway had been expanded to a divided highway around its interchange with I-95 and to a four-lane undivided highway from there to St. Marys. The divided highway section was extended west toward downtown Kingsland in 1984. SR 40's interchange with St. Marys Road was built and the highway was expanded to a divided highway from Kings Bay Road to SR 40 Spur by 1986. The entire length of the highway was designated a Governor's Road Improvement Program (GRIP) corridor in 1989. GDOT plans to expand the entire highway west of I-95 to a four-lane divided highway. The first new section of the highway to be expanded to a four-lane divided highway was the stretch west of the Charlton–Camden county line, which was completed in 2004.
Bannered routes.
SR 40 Connector.
State Route 40 Connector (SR 40 Connector) is a connector route of SR 40 in Folkston. The route follows Cross Street from US 1/US 23/US 301/SR 4/SR 15/SR 23/SR 121 (Okefenokee Drive) on the north side of town southeast to SR 40 east of Folkston. SR 40 Connector heads east from the U.S. highways as a two-lane road that passes Charlton County High School. The highway continues southeast through a residential area and intersects SR 252 (Burnt Fort Road), which heads southwest toward its western terminus in downtown Folkston and northeast toward White Oak in northern Camden County. SR 40 Connector enters a forested area for the remainder of its course to SR 40 (Kingsland Road). SR 40 CONN was designated along Cross Street in 2005.
SR 40 Spur.
State Route 40 Spur (SR 40 Spur) is a spur route of SR 40 in St. Marys. The route is officially named Charlie Smith, Sr., Highway based on a 1994 Georgia Transportation Board resolution honoring a local politician from Camden County; the highway is also known as Crooked River Road. SR 40 Spur begins at an intersection with SR 40 (Osborne Road) northwest of downtown St. Marys and heads north as a five-lane road with center turn lane through a mixed commercial and residential area. North of its oblique intersection with Colerain Road and Douglas Drive, the spur route expands to a controlled-access divided highway and serves as the western boundary of Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay. Access to the base is provided at intersections with USS Benjamin Franklin Drive opposite St. Marys Road and USS Henry L. Stimson Drive opposite Kings Bay Road. North of the latter junction, SR 40 Spur reduces to two lanes and has a grade crossing with the branch of the St. Marys Railroad that enters the naval base. Further north, the highway has a pair of intersections with USS Andrew Jackson Drive and USS Proteus Boulevard, which serve the northern part of the military reservation. SR 40 Spur leaves the edge of the base as it enters Crooked River State Park. The highway reaches its northern terminus at the park gate a short distance south of the Crooked River. SR 40 Spur was designated by the beginning of 1941 and was under construction later that year. The paved road was completed in 1942. SR 40 Spur was expanded to four lanes from SR 40 to Kings Bay Road around 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="5932829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932829" title="Il castello di Kenilworth">
Il castello di Kenilworth

Il castello di Kenilworth (or, under its original name in 1829, Elisabetta al castello di Kenilworth) is a "melodramma serio" or tragic opera in three acts by Gaetano Donizetti. Andrea Leone Tottola wrote the Italian libretto after Victor Hugo's play "Amy Robsart" (1828) and Eugene Scribe's play "Leicester", both of which following from Scott's novel "Kenilworth" (1821). Daniel Auber composed another opera on the same subject, "Leicester, ou Le chateau de Kenilworth" in 1823.
This opera was the first of Donizetti's excursions into the Tudor period of English history, and it was followed in 1830 by "Anna Bolena", (which was based on the life of Ann Boleyn, the second wife of King Henry VIII), then by "Maria Stuarda" (named for Mary, Queen of Scots) which appeared in different forms in 1834 and 1835. All represented the interests (even obsessions) of many Italian composers of the era, Donizetti's included, in the character of Elizabeth I, whose life he was to explore further in 1837 in his opera "Roberto Devereux" (named for a putative lover of Queen Elizabeth I.) The leading female characters of the operas "Anna Bolena", "Maria Stuarda", and "Roberto Devereux" are often referred to as the "Three Donizetti Queens."
As "Elisabetta al castello di Kenilworth" the opera received its first performance on the 6 July 1829 at the Teatro San Carlo, Naples and, in a revised version at the same house, as "Il castello di Kenilworth" on 24 June 1830.
Synopsis.
It is announced that Queen Elizabeth is to visit Kenilworth, the Earl of Leicester's castle. Leicester is a favourite of the Queen, but now has a new bride, Amelia Robsart, with whom he is in love. Fearing the Queen's displeasure, he asks his servant Lambourne to arrange for Amelia to be hidden until Elizabeth departs. Amelia is taken to a small cell in the castle by Leicester's equerry, Warney. He then tries to seduce her and tells that she has been placed there because her husband no longer loves her. When Amelia rejects his advances, Warney vows revenge.
Amelia manages to escape from the cell and in a secret garden of the castle encounters the Queen. She tearfully tells the Queen about her troubles with Leicester, whom she believes has betrayed her. The Queen goes to Leicester and Warney angrily demanding an explanation. Leicester reveals his marriage with Amelia to the Queen who becomes even more angry and dismisses him.
Warney, still desiring revenge, tries to poison Amelia, but is foiled by her faithful servant, Fanny. In the end, Elisabeth orders the arrest of Warney, pardons Leicester and Amelia, and approves their marriage to the jubilation of all.
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="5932849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932849" title="WMCF-TV">
WMCF-TV

WMCF-TV is a religious television station in Montgomery, Alabama, broadcasting locally on digital channel 46 as an affiliate of TBN. Founded in 1985, the station is owned by Trinity Broadcasting Network. 
Digital television.
WMCF-TV shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 45, on that date. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 46, using PSIP to display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 45.

</doc>
<doc id="5932865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932865" title="Dave Heaven">
Dave Heaven

David Andrew Rhys Heaven (born Uplawmoor, 1959) is a Welsh-descended musician of some renown with a focus on smooth jazz and fusion. Songs such as Midnight Dean Street, Do It Again and Moonflower brought him to the attention of guitarist Pete Downes who invited him to play with PD3, a jazz group with significant and growing support. He has produced a number of albums and singles and in addition is a regular contributor to Red, a South London rock group.
Heaven performs the unusual trick of playing guitar left-handed by simply inverting a right-handed guitar. This has led to a distinct tonal style which, coupled with a rare understanding of jazz harmonics, casts him as a guitarist of some significance.
He has worked in collaboration with writer Paul Honeyford on a number of occasions to produce songs and jingles under the design umbrella of AR Productions.
After studying at the West London Institute of Higher Education a developed interest in Giotto led him to set up his own design company which counts a number of group album covers in its portfolio.

</doc>
<doc id="5932876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932876" title="Ginger You're Barmy">
Ginger You're Barmy

"Ginger You're Barmy" (1962) is a comic novel by David Lodge based on his experiences as a conscript to two years National Service in post-war Britain between August 1955 and August 1957.
Inspiration.
In an afterword written in 1981, the author explains that "few postwar novels dealt directly with National Service, especially if you discount those set in places where conscript soldiers were involved in actual combat, such as Malaya, Korea, Suez". He goes on to explain that "most National Servicemen resented, with varying degrees of bitterness, the confiscation of their freedom for two of the best years of their lives" and felt that they "were being maintained as a cheap standing army, occupied with futile and demeaning tasks". Like the narrator, he himself was drafted into the Royal Armoured Corps after graduating in English from London University and did his training at Catterick Camp before working as a clerk in Bovington Camp in Dorset.
The author explained that the structure of the novel proved problematic in that "most of the drama of National Service was concentrated in the first three months, yet the banal tedium of the rest of it was also an essential element of what the novel was 'about'. The solution employed was to use a 'systematic flashback technique, whereby Jonathan's recall of his, and his friend's induction to the Army is framed by his record of his last few days of service", this technique having been borrowed, albeit subliminally from Graham Greene's "The Quiet American".
Title.
The title comes from the rhyme:
"Ginger, you're barmy,"
"You'll never join the Army,"
"You'll never be a scout,"
"With your shirt hanging out,"
"Ginger, you're barmy."
This rhyme derives from the popular song "Ginger you're barmy" written by Fred Murray, songwriter (composer of "I'm Henery The Eighth I Am"), in 1910 and recorded in that year by Harry Champion - included in the Peelennium, no. 43.

</doc>
<doc id="5932886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932886" title="Black ice (disambiguation)">
Black ice (disambiguation)

Black ice is hazardous frozen water.
Black Ice may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5932891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932891" title="WMPV-TV">
WMPV-TV

WMPV-TV is a religious television station in Mobile, Alabama, broadcasting locally on digital channel 20 as an affiliate of Trinity Broadcasting Network (TBN). Founded in December 1985, the station is owned by TBN. The station broadcasts from a transmitter near Robertsdale, Alabama.
WMPV was the only full-powered station in the Mobile-Pensacola viewing area to transmit an analog signal past February 17, 2009 according to a list from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).

</doc>
<doc id="5932898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932898" title="Fenwick, West Virginia">
Fenwick, West Virginia

Fenwick is a census-designated place (CDP) in eastern Nicholas County, West Virginia, United States, adjacent to and immediately west of Richwood. As of the 2010 census, its population was 116. The town is situated at the bottomland surrounding the mouth of the Big Laurel Creek at its confluence with the Cherry River and has an elevation of 649 m (2129 ft). Fenwick is also the location of the convergence of three state highways: WV 55, WV 39, and WV 20 and acts as the western terminus of the Highland Scenic Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="5932901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932901" title="Ehsan Elahi Zaheer">
Ehsan Elahi Zaheer

Ehsan Elahi Zaheer () (May 31, 1945 – March 30, 1987) was a Pakistani Islamic theologian and author. He was a religious scholar and leader of the Ahle Hadith Islamic movement. He was born in Sialkot, Pakistan and died from an assassin's bomb blast on 1987.
Biography.
Birth.
Ehsan Elahi Zaheer was born on Thursday, May 31, 1945, in the city of Sialkot in Pakistan to a prominent and wealthy Punjabi industrialist family with a history of involvement with the Ahl-e-Hadees. He memorized the Qur'an at the age of 9 years. His father recognized his potential of learning at an early age.
Education.
He studied at Jamia Islamiyyah Gujranwala and at Jamia Salafiyyah in Faisalabad before leaving to study abroad at the prestigious Islamic University of Madinah in Saudi Arabia, where he studied under well known contemporary salafi scholars such as Muhammad Nasiruddin al-Albani and Abd-al-Aziz ibn Abd-Allah ibn Baaz. He got first position all over the world with 93.5% marks in Madina University. He then started teaching and giving weekly khutbahs up until he left for Saudi Arabia. After graduating from the department of Sharia he returned to his country and pursued further education and received his Masters in Arabic, Islamic Studies, Urdu and Persian.
During his final year of study at Medina Bin Baz asked him to deliver lectures, a very rare opportunity amongst attending students. During this time his book ‘al-Qadiyaniyyah’ was also to be printed in Madina. Ehsan Elahi however wanted to include on the book ‘Graduate of Madina University' but at that time he had not actually graduated. He went to see bin Baaz who was at that time the chancellor of Madina University, bin Baaz agreed and granted him permission to do so. Ehsan Elahi Zaheer then asked the Shaikh ‘What if I fail to get my degree?’ to which bin Baaz replied, ‘I will close the University.’ Zaheer during his lifetime held various prominent posts within his country, and at one time was the adviser to the then Pakistani President Zia Ul Haq, on Islamic affairs.
Death.
Ehsan Elahi Zaheer was reported to have fallen out of favour with the Government of General Zia ul Haq for his outspoken opposition to the Sharia Bill and the involvement of the Government agencies in the enforcement of Shariat Law in Pakistan. He had also criticized the politically influenced view of Islam propagated by Jamaat-e-Islami. Thus, it seems, he had fallen foul with virtually every force in Pakistan.
These death threats were finally carried out on March 23, 1987. While giving a speech on the biography of Muhammad, a bomb which had been planted on the stage exploded eventually killing Zaheer along with 18 attendees; 114 were seriously injured. Of the death toll, nine were also scholars and teachers within the Salafi and Ahle Hadith. Zaheer initially survived the blast and after initial treatment at the central hospital of Lahore, he was transferred for further medical treatment in Saudi Arabia.
He died on 30 March 1987 after spending 22 hours in a Riyadh hospital. Bin Baaz, whilst crying, led his funeral prayer in Riyadh. It was considered one of the most historical funerals ever prayed in Riyadh that included countless scholars and students of Islamic studies, and also senior government officials from Pakistan like General Zia ul Haq, General Akhtar Abdur Rehman and Sahabzada Yaqub Khan, the foreign minister. The funeral attendance was estimated above 3 million people, after which his body was taken to the Baqi graveyard. His body was buried next to the grave of Malik ibn Anas. And
Works.
Mostly his works are refutation books to other sects, include books on the Shia, Barelvis, Ahmadiyya, Sufism and many more. 

</doc>
<doc id="5932906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932906" title="Joseph Porges von Portheim">
Joseph Porges von Portheim

Joseph Porges, Edler von Portheim (1817, Prague – September 3, 1904, Prague) was a Czech-Austrian manufacturer and art patron; son of Moses Porges von Portheim.
On completing his studies at the gymnasium he entered his father's cotton mills; there he occupied various positions until 1873, when the business was converted into a stock company, of whose board of directors he was president for several years. His leisure time was devoted to literature and music, and he was well known as a violoncello virtuoso. Porges founded the "Prague Kammermusikvereins", and was also interested in the "Deutsches Theater" of that city. His philanthropy was extensive, the "Josefstädter Kinderbewahranstalt", founded by his father, being an especial object of his benevolence.
References.
Jewish Encyclopedia entry

</doc>
<doc id="5932908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932908" title="Orchard Street">
Orchard Street

Orchard Street may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5932917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932917" title="Indranee Rajah">
Indranee Rajah

Indranee Thurai Rajah (; born 12 April 1963), , is a Singaporean politician and lawyer. A member of the governing People's Action Party (PAP), she has been a Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Tanjong Pagar Group Representation Constituency since 2001.
Legal practice.
Indranee began her legal career in 1987 with Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer. She joined Drew & Napier in 1988 and became a director of the firm in 2001. She is a litigator and has an active court practice as an advocate and solicitor. She specialises in cross-border dispute resolution. She was appointed Senior Counsel by the Chief Justice of Singapore in January 2003.
Recognition.
Indranee has been recognized by "Asia Pacific Legal 500" for her dispute resolution and international arbitration practice. She has been named as a "Leading Individual in the field of Dispute Resolution" in the 2006-07, 2007-08, 2008-09, 2009-10 and 2010-11 editions.
Indranee has also been named as a leading lawyer by "Best Lawyers International: Singapore" and the 2009 "Best Lawyers Annual Guide to Litigation & ADR". In "Best Lawyers International: Singapore", Indranee was also named as a leading lawyer for both the Litigation and Arbitration & Mediation categories in 2008 and 2009.
Political career.
Indranee served as a Deputy Speaker of Parliament from 2006 to 2011.
On 31 July 2012, Indranee was promoted to Senior Minister of State for Law and Education. She assumed these positions on 1 November 1 2012.
On 28 Nov 2013, it was announced that Indranee was heading a high powered 12-member steering committee to provide strategic direction for the planned third law school in Singapore, including its admissions criteria, curriculum development and educational philosophy. Other notable members of this committee include Attorney-General's Chambers chief prosecutor Tai Wei Shyong and Chief District Judge See Kee Oon. Also on the list are senior counsels Amarjeet Singh and N. Sreenivasan, renowned criminal lawyer Subhas Anandan and leading family lawyer Foo Siew Fong.
Education.
Indranee was educated at Marymount Convent Primary School, Marymount Convent Secondary School and Raffles Institution, before going on to the National University of Singapore, where she completed a Bachelor of Law (Honours) degree in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="5932926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932926" title="Forza d'Agrò">
Forza d'Agrò

Forza d'Agrò is an Italian town and "comune" in Sicily, part of the Province of Messina. 
Forza d'Agrò is on the lower peak of a small mountain, while on the higher peak that overlooks the town are the remains of a Norman castle. Much of the town consists of traditional buildings and stone paved lanes that are impassable by car. Due to this lack of recent development, Forza d'Agrò has featured as the backdrop in a number of films, such as" The Godfather" trilogy.
History.
It is not certain if in the valley and hills of Forza d’Agro whether the first settlers were the Sicani or Siculi. It is thought that there may have been a village or commercial port called Phoinix, while further inland, there was a small town named Kallipolis or Agrilla which was eventually destroyed. 
The first Greek settlers arrived between 8th century and the 5th century BC and it is certain that it was them who gave the name ‘Arghennon ‘akron - Silver Promontory (Promontory: a point of high land jutting out into the sea) which is the actual Cape S. Alessio. Over time, Akron changed to Argon then to Agron and finally to Agrò. 
Slight remains of a fort-like structure located at the top of the mountain indicate that Forza D'Agrò had once been a fortress. 
After the Roman conquest in 135 BC the Greek specification of "Arghennon" was substituted by "Agrillae" or "Agrille". The village and suburb and the set of houses within the margin of the River Agrò became known by the Latin name, Vicum Agrillae. 
The zone was then passed on to the Byzantine domain which lasted from 536 AD to 827. During this period, the community adapted the Greek-oriental cult in the hillocks of the valley and the Monastery of the Church of S. Peter and Paul of Agrò was erected. In order to escape from other invasions the, population moved more inland to Casale. In the 8th century, there were more frequent Arabian incursions, and perhaps during this period the Monastery d'Agrò was destroyed. 
It was under the reign of Count Ruggero the Norman and his successors that the Castle of Forza D'Agrò was built and the reconstruction of the Monastery of S. Peter and Paul took place. "Vicum Agrillae" is mentioned for the first time under the decree of Ruggero II 1117. When "Vicum" became too small for the expanding population, the people moved higher up the mountain in search of security and independence to an area known as Magghia on a flat leveling. The area around the guardroom became another picturesque neighborhood known as the Quartarello. The name given to the village was Fortilicium d'Agrò (Fortezza d' Agrò - Fortress of Agrò) abbreviated to Forza D'Agrò. It was in the 14th century that the village slowly took shape and has been conserved to the present day. 
After the revolution in 1674 between Spain and France, Forza D'Agrò remained loyal to the Spanish and it was treated as a territorial conquest. Savoca absorbed Forza D'Agrò, which lost the privileges that had been donated to them by Ruggero II, the Norman King. The University of Agrò lost no time in trying to retrieve its privileges. The first fifty years of 1700 was spent fighting for these rights between the Forzese and the Great Admiralty. Even though the citizens were represented by courageous officials, they almost always had to abide to the authorities of that time. 
At the beginning of 1800 the English occupied the Castle of S. Alessio and the Castle of Forza D'Agrò to defend the area from Napoleonic attacks. In 1866 a law relating to the suppression of religious estates gave the state the power to take possession of ecclesiastical assets. The Franciscan monks of St. Catherine and St. Agustine were forced to leave their convents. The conventes were then transformed into administrative offices. 
In the early 1900 many Forzese left the village in search of fortune, most of them immigrating to America. 
Despite their presence being felt, the area of Forza D'Agrò was almost untouched by the Nazis. Those who were in danger were evacuated via a secret tunnel in the Cape of S. Alessio. 
In 1948, the hamlet of S. Alessio detached itself from Forza d'Agrò, becoming an autonomous community.

</doc>
<doc id="5932931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932931" title="Targum (disambiguation)">
Targum (disambiguation)

Targum may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5932950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932950" title="Maennerchor">
Maennerchor

"Maennerchor" (literally translated "men's chorus" in English) is the name given to German social clubs, primarily in the northeastern United States, Pennsylvania in particular. A Maennerchor was established in Cincinnati in 1857 with the merging of the Liedertafel, the Saengerbund and the Germanic Societies; it was the oldest musical organization of the city. The Indianapolis Maennerchor. founded in 1854 in Indianapolis, Indiana, is another such organization.
The earliest forms of these clubs where "singing societies" that perpetuated traditional choral music, both German and German American culture, providing "Gemuetlichkeit" for new immigrants. Such clubs are typically attended by men and many function as a restaurant and bar, serving German cultural foods and beers.
The Damenchor often serves as the Maennerchor auxiliary for women.

</doc>
<doc id="5932956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932956" title="WFGC">
WFGC

WFGC is a religious television station in West Palm Beach, Florida, broadcasting locally on channel 61 as an affiliate of CTN. Founded May 21, 1993, the station is owned by Christian Television Network. 

</doc>
<doc id="5932960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932960" title="Moses Porges von Portheim">
Moses Porges von Portheim

Moses Porges, Edler von Portheim, or Moses Porges von Portheim (December 13/22, 1781, Prague – May 21, 1870, Prague) was a Bohemian-Austrian industrialist (manufacturer) and vice-burgomaster of Prague-Smichow; knight of the Order of Franz Joseph.
He was one of the earliest and most prominent of the large manufacturers of Austria, and was very closely associated with his younger brother, Leopold (Löw) Judah. Moses and Leopold, the sons of the highly respected but poor Gabriel Porges of the Spira family, experienced adventures in the camp of the sectarian Joseph Frank at Offenburg which have been described by Heinrich Graetz in his ""Frank und die Frankisten"" (Breslau, 1868) and his ""Gesch"." x., and in greater detail by Dr. S. Back in ""Monatsschrift"" (1877, pp. 190 et seq.). Disillusioned, they returned to Prague, and began a small linen business, and in 1808 commenced, with a single cotton-printing press and in a dark shop on the Vltava, an industrial activity which was destined later to reach great dimensions.
In 1830 the rapidly growing business was transferred to the suburb of Smichow, where it developed into one of the largest establishments of the Austrian monarchy, and in 1841 the emperor Ferdinand I of Austria conferred upon the brothers the patent of hereditary nobility with the title "von Portheim", in recognition of the fact that they were the first cotton-manufacturers to employ steam in their works. When this patent had been offered Moses in the previous year, he asked the Oberstburggraf von Böhmen Chotek for a decree of emancipation of the Jews instead, but this request was not granted. Moses later purchased and operated the porcelain-factory at Chodov together with the mines belonging to it, and after the passage of the laws of 1861 he and his brother entered politics, the latter being elected to the diet, while the former officiated for several years as vice-burgomaster of Prague-Smichow. The most noteworthy among the numerous benefactions of Moses Porges is the still existing crèche, which, without distinction of creed or nationality, for eight months of the year, receives and cares for 150 children daily while their parents are at work.

</doc>
<doc id="5932965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932965" title="Ragnar Klavan">
Ragnar Klavan

Ragnar Klavan (born 30 October 1985 in Viljandi, Estonia) is an Estonian footballer who plays for German Fußball-Bundesliga club Augsburg and for the Estonia national football team. He plays the position of left-footed defender.
Club career.
Early career.
Klavan made his first-team debut for Elva at the age of 15 in 2001. A year later he joined to Viljandi Tulevik. After two seasons he moved to Flora in 2003.
Vålerenga.
On 31 August 2004, Klavan signed for Vålerenga on a three-month loan from Flora Tallinn. Klavan made his debut, coming on as a substitute, in a 4–1 win over Molde on 19 September 2004. Klavan would make one more appearance before spending two match being on the bench, without being used. Three months later, Flora Tallinn extended his loan with Vålerenga IF until 30 November 2005. He stayed for only two league games as the following season, he was once again barely used, even from the bench.
Heracles Almelo.
On 4 August 2005, he signed a three-year contract with Dutch Eredivisie club Heracles Almelo. Five days later, Klavan played his first game for Heracles Almelo against RKSV DCG. He scored his first Eredivisie goal and setting up Everton in a 2–2 draw against Vitesse on 31 December 2006.
He scored his second and first goal of the season on 24 August 2007, in the 76th minute in a 2–1 loss against his national teammate Andres Oper's club Roda JC. On 29 December 2007, Klavan extended his contract with Heracles Almelo until 30 June 2008. On the final game of the season, he scored the only goal in the match in a 5–1 loss against Ajax.
On the opening game of the season, he scored and set up a goal for Darl Douglas to score his first goal for the club in a 3–1 win over Feyenoord. That season, he would make 19 appearance and continued to be in the regular team until he left for AZ.
AZ.
On 27 January 2009, he went on a loan to AZ, having previously signed a permanent summer move to the Alkmaar club. The Estonian national player signed a contract for four years. He make his AZ debut, coming on as a substitute, in a 1–0 win over Roda JC on 4 February 2009. While at the club, the club would win their first title in Eredivisie since 1981. At the end of the season, Klavan signed for AZ on a permanent deal.
The next season, Klavan played his first match, since moving permanently, against his former club in a 3–2 loss on the opening game of the season. On 29 September 2009, he became the first Estonian to play in UEFA Champions League group stage as he came on as a substitute in a 1–1 draw against Standard Liège. However under Ronald Koeman, caretaker Martin Haar and Dick Advocaat, he barely get playing time and spend on the bench instead, as he made 11 appearance. But under Gertjan Verbeek, he would become a regular player under him. In the third round of Europa League qualifications, Klavan scored his first European goal in a 2–0 win over Göteborg. Despite losing 1–0 in the second leg, the club would advanced to the next stage, where the club would progress to the Group Stage. In the fourth round of KNVB Cup, Klavan scored his first goal in a 3–0 win over Eindhoven on 10 November 2010.
Augsburg.
On 2 July 2012, he joined German top division side Augsburg on a two-year contract. After appearing twice being un-used on the substitute, he made his debut, coming on as a substitute in the second half, as Augsburg drew 0–0 against Wolfsburg on 14 September 2012. Having played once in the left-back, he would since become a regular player in the first team, playing in the centre-back, along with Gibril Sankoh.
International career.
For Estonia, Klavan is capped 95 times, scoring three goals. He made his national team debut on 3 July 2003 against Lithuania in Baltic Cup. He scored his first goal on 31 May 2006 against New Zealand in a friendly match. Klavan played his 50th game for Estonia national team on 11 October 2008, against Spain in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification. Klavan scored his second international goal on 29 February 2012 against El Salvador in a friendly game, where he was also Estonia's captain for the first time.
Personal life.
His father Dzintar was also an international footballer. On 10 June 2011, Klavan married Lili Orel. Their firstborn, a son named Romer, was born in Augsburg on 8 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5932968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932968" title="Cosmin Bărcăuan">
Cosmin Bărcăuan

Cosmin Bărcăuan (born 5 August 1978 in Oradea) is a retired Romanian footballer.
Honours.
Team

</doc>
<doc id="5932972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932972" title="George Grenfell">
George Grenfell

George Grenfell (born 21 August 1849, Sancreed, Cornwall, died 1 July 1906), Basoko, Congo Free State (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo) was a Cornish missionary and explorer.
Early years.
Grenfell was born at Sancreed, near Penzance, Cornwall. In 1875 he went as a Baptist missionary to Cameroon, West Africa, with Alfred Saker (1814–80), and thereafter did some exceedingly important work in exploring little-known rivers of the Congo Basin. In 1877 he removed to Victoria and explored the Wouri River and in the following year he ascended Mongo ma Loba Mountain.
Congo explorations.
In 1881, cooperating with the Rev. T. J. Comber and others, he established a chain of missions at Musuko, Vivi, Isangila, Manyanga, and other points, and in 1884, in a small steam vessel, he explored the Congo to the equator. He established headquarters at Arthington, near Leopoldville, in 1884, and launched on Stanley Pool a river steam vessel, the "Peace", in which he explored the Kiva, the Kwango, and the Kasai rivers, discovered the Ruki, or Black River, and ascended the Mubangi for 200 miles (320 km) to Grenfell Falls, at lat. 4° 40' N. 
In 1885 he explored with Curt von François other tributaries of the Congo, notably the Busira, along which he found Pygmy Batwa peoples. In the following year he examined the Kasai, the Sankuru, and the Luebo and Lulua, and made careful records of the Bakuba and Bakete tribes. He was awarded the medal of the Royal Geographical Society for his map of the Congo Basin.
In 1891 he was appointed a plenipotentiary for Belgium to delimit the boundary line between the Belgian and Portuguese possessions along the Luanda frontier. He protested to King Leopold against Belgian maladministration in the Congo Free State, but with little effect.
From 1893 to 1900 Grenfell remained chiefly at Bolobo on the Congo, where a strong mission station was established. After a visit to England in 1900, he started for a systematic exploration of the Aruwimi River and by November 1902 had reached Mawambi, about eighty miles from the western extreme of the Uganda protectorate.
Last years.
Between 1903 and 1906 Grenfell was busy with a new station at Yalemba, fifteen miles east of the confluence of the Aruwimi with the Congo.
Meanwhile he found difficulty in obtaining building sites from the Congo Free State, which accorded them freely to Roman Catholics. He grew convinced of the evil character of Belgian administration, in which he had previously trusted. In 1903 King Leopold despatched at Grenfell's entreaty a commission of inquiry, before which he gave evidence, but its report gave him little satisfaction. Grenfell died after a bad attack of blackwater fever at Basoko on 1 July 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="5932977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932977" title="WHBR (TV)">
WHBR (TV)

WHBR is a religious television station in Pensacola, Florida, broadcasting locally on digital channel 34 (remapped to 33.1) from its transmitter at Robertsdale, Alabama as an affiliate of CTN. Founded in January 1986, the station is owned by Christian Television Network. 
From 1986 until 2009, WHBR broadcast on analog channel 33. WHBR terminated analog service on January 20, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5932981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932981" title="Miami Marlins all-time roster">
Miami Marlins all-time roster

The following is a list of players, both past and current, who appeared at least in one game for the Miami Marlins franchise, known as the Florida Marlins from their inception in 1993 through the 2011 season.
Players in bold are members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5932983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932983" title="Smíchov">
Smíchov

Smíchov () is (since 1909) a district of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic, and is part of Prague 5. It is located on the west bank of the Vltava (Moldau) river.
Between 1945 and 1989, the district contained a monument dedicated to Soviet tanks in World War II, which was located in Štefánik square. The monument was removed shortly after the Velvet Revolution and a new glass-and-steel building designed by French architect Jean Nouvel became a symbol of the district. An angel (anděl in Czech) from Wim Wenders' movie "Wings of Desire" is etched into the glass on the façade. The building was demolished in the 1980s and a metro station was built in its vicinity; the local traffic hub was renamed to Anděl from Moskevská (after Moscow). The Staropramen brewery is located in Smichov.
The Ringhoffer factory, founded in 1852 by railway magnate Baron Franz Ringhoffer (1817-1873) and nationalized after World War II, was part of one of the largest industrial enterprises of the Austro-Hungarian Empire (and later of Czechoslovakia). The Ringhoffer Works with more than 30.000 employees played a significant role in central European economy with global relevance, exporting railway carriages, cars (Tatra) and trucks across the world. The factory in Smíchov produced court trains and famous saloon cars for European rulers und after 1945 trams for the entire Eastern bloc. It was moved to Zličín in the 1990s and is now operated by Siemens. The buildings were demolished and replaced by a hypermarket, two multiplex cinemas, two hotels and several other commercial structures.
After the first world war the company based in Bohemia and Moravia hold strong positions in Czechoslovak heavy metal industries. Under occupation by Nazi Germany the "Ringhoffer-Tatra" concern, consisting of wagon, automobile and electro-technical factories principally in Prague-Smíchov and Studenka (wagon construction), Koprivnice (Tatra-automobiles), Kolin and Ceska Lipa, succeeded in holding together despite attempts of the Hermann-Göring-Werke to absorb it. This struggle required a certain level of cooperation with the authorities of the "Third Reich". Ringhoffer-Tatra was nationalized and dissolved after the liberation and restoration of Czechoslovakia in 1945. The last owner and general manager, Baron Hans (Hanus) Ringhoffer (1885-1946) died one year later in detention, the family was expelled without compensation.
Founder of the firm was the coppersmith and inventor Franz Ringhoffer (1744-1827), native of Müllendorf (nowadays in the Austrian province of Burgenland near the Hungarian border), who arrived in Prague in 1769. He set up his workshop in the Old Town and produced brewery pans besides distillery and agrarian technical equipment. His son Joseph (1785-1847) established a hammer mill in Kamenice and extended the business by adapting it to the manufacture of special products for sugar factories and distilleries. Joseph's son Franz (II) (1817-1873), the first Baron Ringhoffer, obtained by government decree a concession for the manufacture of all categories of metal work and machinery for the whole country. He perceived the opportunity offered by railway development and started in 1852 the production of vehicles in Smichov, where he added an iron-foundry. The Works became the largest rolling-stock factory in the former Austrian Empire and then in Czechoslovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="5932990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932990" title="Dritte">
Dritte


</doc>
<doc id="5932992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932992" title="John Jamison">
John Jamison

Sir John Jamison (1776 – 29 June 1844) was an Australian physician, pastoralist, banker, politician, constitutional reformer and public figure.
Family background.
John Jamison was born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, Ireland in 1776. (For the rest of his life he would pronounce his surname "Jemison", in the Irish manner.) 
He was the son of Thomas Jamison (1752/53-1811) and Rebecca (1746-1838). Thomas Jamison was a Northern Irishman, who arrived in New South Wales, Australia, with the First Fleet in 1788, aboard , as a surgeon's mate. Soon afterwards, Thomas was sent to the auxiliary British colony of Norfolk Island, where he served as principal medical officer during the 1790s - while accumulating wealth on the side as a maritime trader. Then, in 1801, after taking leave in England, Thomas was promoted to the position of Surgeon-General of New South Wales due to his intelligence, administrative competence, driving ambition and gift for cultivating useful patrons in London.
Naval career.
Like his father, he trained as a surgeon, joining the Royal Navy in 1799. He served under Admiral Lord Horatio Nelson at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 aboard the . In 1806, he saw further action at the Battle of San Domingo on the same vessel which, incidentally, was Nelson's favourite warship. One year later, Jamison graduated as a physician from Edinburgh University, earning a Doctorate of Medicine.
While serving with the Royal Navy's Baltic Fleet in 1807 - aboard the hospital ship - he was successful in treating an outbreak of scurvy in the allied Swedish Navy, and was made a knight of the Order of Vasa by a grateful Swedish king. He was also knighted by Britain's Prince Regent (afterwards King George IV) in May 1813, and subsequently appointed Inspector of Naval Hospitals and Fleets.
Career in Australia.
Meanwhile, Thomas Jamison had died in London in 1811. Jamison succeeded to his father's property, which included land at Jamisontown on the Nepean River, west of Sydney. He arrived in Sydney on 28 July 1814, aboard the "Broxbornebury", to take up his patrimony. The following year, he accompanied Governor Lachlan Macquarie on his official visitation to the Bathurst Plains, and had the Jamison Valley in the Blue Mountains named in his honour by Macquarie. But two and a half years later, he fell out of favour with the governor, who described him in a private dispatch as being "intriguing and discontented".
Jamison was Australia's first titled free settler and thus head of the fledgling country's social pecking order. He acquired allotments in the heart of Sydney, and accumulated vast tracts of land in the central-western and northern parts of New South Wales between 1814 and 1840. He was a founder of the Bank of New South Wales in 1817, and established himself as one of the most prominent (and wealthiest) men in Australia, enjoying a reputation for lavish entertaining and hospitality at Regentville, his magnificent rural estate near the town of Penrith. In November 1824, he was included in the list of ten men recommended for a colonial council; but some 12 months later, Governor Brisbane withdrew the nomination on account of charges made by Jamison that female convicts had been sent to Emu Plains for immoral purposes. The charges were held to be baseless, and in September 1826 the new governor, Ralph Darling, was instructed that Jamison was not to be given any civil offices. Jamison made various attempts to get this embargo removed; but nearly four years later, the British colonial office continued to give him no satisfaction.
Governor Darling in 1829 mentioned that Jamison was then President of the New South Wales Agricultural Society, "holding perhaps the largest stake in the country". In 1830, London's Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce awarded him the large gold medal "for his successful method of extirpating the stumps of trees". He also won various awards for his wine and other agricultural produce and took a keen, scientific interest in the natural history of the Sydney region. He was a committed Freemason and a founding father of the New South Wales thoroughbred racing industry. Benevolent organisations benefited from his generosity, and in 1830 he helped establish Sydney College - an important educational facility which gave rise to both Sydney Grammar School and the University of Sydney. In 1831, Jamison was restored to the magistracy, and, in 1837, he was belatedly appointed a member of the Legislative Council of New South Wales. During the mid-1830s, he held office as founder-president of the Australian Patriotic Association, which strove to liberalise the colony's political and legal institutions as Sydney evolved from a penal settlement into a thriving, mercantile port.
Jamison established a cloth mill at Regentville in 1842 to supplement the estate's earnings from its vineyard, horse stud, dairy, orchard and collection of grazing paddocks for sheep and cattle. But he suffered the loss of a large proportion of his fortune around this time due to the effects of a protracted drought and an economic depression, which had sent many of the colony's farmers and businessmen broke. He was omitted from the Legislative Council nominations in 1843 on account of his infirmities and comparatively advanced years. (Without doubt, his poor state of health had been accentuated by the hedonistic lifestyle that he had led since his arrival in New South Wales.) Jamison died at Regentville House on 29 June 1844 and was buried in St Stephen's churchyard, Penrith. His grave survives but Regentville House does not: the two-storey Georgian mansion, erected during 1823-1824, burned down in 1869.
Jamison Street in Sydney's CBD, which was once the site of Jamison's town house, commemorates him - as does the Jamison Valley, Jamison County, Jamison Creek, Jamison High School, Jamison Park and a number of other localities in New South Wales.
Children.
Jamison fathered a number of illegitimate children by several mistresses. These mistresses included Mary Griffiths - the daughter of Regentville's dairyman. Jamison married Mary a few months before his death, thus enabling her to be styled Lady Jamison. One of his children by her, Robert Jamison (1829-1878), was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales from 1856 to 1860. Lady Jamison died at Hunters Hill, Sydney in 1874, aged 74. She was interred in Camperdown Cemetery in the inner-Sydney suburb of Newtown. Her grave, like Sir John's, is extant. Another of Jamison's mistresses was Catherine Cain(e), the convict 'housekeeper' assigned to him at his Sydney residence. Catherine gave birth to a daughter by him, Harriet Eliza Jamison, in 1819. Harriet grew up to be a cultivated and pious young woman. In 1837, she married into the colonial establishment. Her husband was William John Gibbes (1815-1868) - a son of the Collector of Customs for New South Wales, Colonel John George Nathaniel Gibbes (1787-1873). The wedding took place at St James' Anglican Church, Sydney, in the presence of the governor. Harriet died in Sydney in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="5933004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933004" title="Joe Sacco (ice hockey)">
Joe Sacco (ice hockey)

Joseph William Sacco (born February 4, 1969) is an American retired National Hockey League player and currently an professional scout for the Buffalo Sabres. His younger brother David Sacco also played in the NHL.
Career.
Playing career.
Drafted in the 1987 NHL Entry Draft by the Toronto Maple Leafs, Sacco played for Boston University before joining the Leafs. Sacco also played for the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, New York Islanders, Washington Capitals, and Philadelphia Flyers. In 738 NHL games, he had 94 goals and 119 assists.
Coaching career.
In the 2005–06 season, two years into retirement from playing, Sacco was hired as an assistant coach for the Lowell Lock Monsters, affiliate of the Colorado Avalanche. On May 7, 2007, after two years as an assistant, Sacco was named head coach of the Colorado Avalanche's new AHL franchise, the Lake Erie Monsters. Sacco then led the Monsters for the next two seasons and while recording somewhat unimpressive season's numbers with limited resources was credited with helping development of younger players to the NHL.
On June 4, 2009, a day after Avalanche head coach Tony Granato was fired, Sacco was promoted and later introduced as the new head coach of the Colorado Avalanche for the 2009–10 season, a job former Avs great Patrick Roy turned down days prior. After being projected finishing 15th in the Western Conference by most hockey pundits, Sacco coached the Avalanche to the 2010 Stanley Cup Playoffs posting a record of 43–30–9 in his rookie year of coaching in the NHL. His team would end up being eliminated in the first round after six games by the San Jose Sharks. On April 28, 2010, Sacco was named a finalist for the Jack Adams Award for NHL coach of the year alongside Dave Tippett of the Phoenix Coyotes and Barry Trotz of the Nashville Predators.
Following the 2012–13 season, his fourth year at the helm, finishing last in the Western Conference and out of the playoffs for a third consecutive year, Sacco was relieved of his duties on April 28, 2013. It brought an end to his eight-year association with the Avalanche.
On July 2, 2013, the Buffalo Sabres hired Sacco as an assistant coach.

</doc>
<doc id="5933013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933013" title="Eachy">
Eachy

An eachy is a name given to a species of lake monster from a variety of locations in Northern England and Scotland. An eachy is typically a large humanoid being of gruesome and slimy appearance seen to occasionally emerge from the lake. An eachy was reported from Windermere in 1873 and Bassenthwaite Lake as late as 1973 when it was supposedly photographed twice. A scientific expedition was launched to find the mystery creature when, in September 1961, three atomic scientists conducted an underwater exploration of the lake. However, they did not find the , triple-humped, python-headed creature that had recently been sighted.
Presumably the name comes from the Middle English "iker" or "eker" (from the older "niker", from the Old English "nicor", meaning "water-sprite" or "hippotamus"), which was a type of sea monster. Although the name looks similar to the Scottish Gaelic each-uisge, the word is morphologically and phonetically dissimilar. The area of the each-uisge is traditionally quite distant from the traditional area of the eachy and the each-uisge was not anthropomorphic but instead a water horse.

</doc>
<doc id="5933020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933020" title="WRXY-TV">
WRXY-TV

WRXY-TV is a religious television station in Tice, Florida, broadcasting locally on digital channel 33 as an affiliate of CTN. Founded January 29, 1995, the station is owned by Christian Television Network. 

</doc>
<doc id="5933039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933039" title="X-Forwarded-For">
X-Forwarded-For

The X-Forwarded-For (XFF) HTTP header field is a "de facto" standard for identifying the originating IP address of a client connecting to a web server through an HTTP proxy or load balancer. This is an HTTP request header which was introduced by the Squid caching proxy server's developers. A standard has been proposed at the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) for standardizing the Forwarded HTTP header.
codice_1 is also an email-header indicating that an email-message was forwarded from one or more other accounts (probably automatically).
In this context, the caching servers are most often those of large ISPs who either encourage or force their users to use proxy servers for access to the World Wide Web, something which is often done to reduce external bandwidth through caching. In some cases, these proxy servers are transparent proxies, and the user may be unaware that they are using them.
Without the use of XFF or another similar technique, any connection through the proxy would reveal only the originating IP address of the proxy server, effectively turning the proxy server into an anonymizing service, thus making the detection and prevention of abusive accesses significantly harder than if the originating IP address was available. The usefulness of XFF depends on the proxy server truthfully reporting the original host's IP address; for this reason, effective use of XFF requires knowledge of which proxies are trustworthy, for instance by looking them up in a whitelist of servers whose maintainers can be trusted.
Format.
The general format of the field is:
where the value is a comma+space separated list of IP addresses, the left-most being the original client, and each successive proxy that passed the request adding the IP address where it received the request from. In this example, the request passed through proxy1, proxy2, and then proxy3 (not shown in the header). proxy3 appears as remote address of the request.
Since it is easy to forge an X-Forwarded-For field the given information should be used with care. The last IP address is always the IP address that connects to the last proxy, which means it is the most reliable source of information. X-Forwarded-For data can be used in a forward or reverse proxy scenario.
Just logging the X-Forwarded-For field is not always enough as the last proxy IP address in a chain is not contained within the X-Forwarded-For field, it is in the actual IP header. A web server should log BOTH the request's source IP address and the X-Forwarded-For field information for completeness.
Proxy servers and caching engines.
The X-Forwarded-For field is supported by most proxy servers, including Squid, Apache mod_proxy, Pound, HAProxy, Varnish cache, IronPort Web Security Appliance, AVANU WebMux, ArrayNetworks, Radware's AppDirector and Alteon ADC, ADC-VX, and ADC-VA, F5 Big-IP, Blue Coat ProxySG, Cisco Cache Engine, McAfee Web Gateway, Phion Airlock, Finjan's Vital Security, NetApp NetCache, jetNEXUS, Crescendo Networks' Maestro, Web Adjuster and Websense Web Security Gateway.
X-Forwarded-For logging is supported by many web servers including Apache. Microsoft IIS 6.0 & 7.0 can use a third party ISAPI filter to accomplish this task. IIS 7.0 can also use a HTTP Module for this filtering.
Z-Scaler uses Z-Forwarded-For instead.
Load balancers.
Barracuda Load Balancer from Barracuda Networks supports user-defined headers such as X-Forwarded-For to 
insert the client IP address into a client request.
Citrix Systems' NetScaler supports user-defined fields such as X-Forwarded-For to insert the client IP address into a client request.
Cisco ACE Load Balancing Modules can also insert this field, usually implemented when the load balancer is configured to perform source NAT, to allow the load balancer to exist in a one-armed configuration, while providing a mechanism that the real servers can use to account for client source IP address. The reference mentions x-forward, however X-Forwarded-For can be substituted.
F5 Networks load balancers support one-armed and multi-armed configurations. Big-IP may also be configured to delegate trust to proxies more than one hop away, and accept custom X-Forwarded-For headers from other sources.
KEMP Technologies LoadMaster supports X-Forwarded-For for non-transparent load balancing in both one-armed configuration and multi-armed configurations.
Coyote Point Systems Equalizer supports X-Forwarded-For fields for load balancing in both one-armed configuration and multi-armed configurations.
OpenBSD relays can insert and/or alter this field.
Amazon's Elastic Load Balancing service supports this field.
LBL LoadBalancer supports one-armed and multi-armed configurations.
Radware AppDirector ADC, Alteon ADC, ADC-VX, and ADC-VA support inserting an header for traffic that is Source NAT towards servers, as well, as being capable of providing persistency of traffic based on the X-Forwarded-For header for distributing traffic from a proxied connection to multiple servers while preserving persistency to servers.
Alternatives.
HAProxy introduced an alternative to "XFF", the more efficient to parse wrapper PROXY protocol. It can be used on multiple transport protocols and does not require inspecting the inner protocol, so it is not limited to HTTP.

</doc>
<doc id="5933040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933040" title="Pointer (rod)">
Pointer (rod)

A pointer or pointing stick is a solid rod used to point manually, in the form of a stick, but always finished off or artificially produced.
The typical pointer is simply a long, slender, often flexible stick made in a strong material, designed to indicate places on maps, words on blackboards etc.
In addition it may be used like any ordinary stick for other purposes, e.g. for punitive caning (compare rulering).
Some are telescopic and can be carried in a pocket like a pen. 

</doc>
<doc id="5933046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933046" title="Elliot Johnson (politician)">
Elliot Johnson (politician)

Sir William Elliot Johnson KCMG (10 April 18628 December 1932) was an Australian politician and Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Johnson was born at Newcastle upon Tyne, England, the son of a scene-painter. He ran away from home at 13, worked in the telegraph office at London, and afterwards assisted his father scene-painting at Covent Garden theatre. He was then apprenticed on a sailing-ship and after obtaining his second mate's certificate, settled in Sydney in 1883. He took much interest in the free-trade movement and was also a follower of Henry George.
In December 1903 he was elected a member of the federal House of Representatives for Lang. He was from 1910 to 1913 whip and secretary to the Liberal party and was a member of the panel of Deputy Chairmen of Committees. He took much interest in the selection of the site for the federal capital, and nominated the Yass-Canberra site which was eventually chosen. In 1911 he was one of the Australian parliamentary representatives at the coronation of King George V.
He was elected Speaker of the House in 1913 and held this position until after the 1914 election. He was again Speaker from June 1917 to February 1923, when William Watt was chosen for the position. Johnson was a man of great industry who made it his business to be thoroughly acquainted with the subjects under debate. He was particularly interested in the question of immigration. As Speaker he was quietly dignified, courteous and efficient.
He was defeated at the 1928 general election. He died at Geelong, Victoria, in 1932. He married, but his wife died before him. He was survived by a daughter. He was created a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) in 1920.
In private life his hobby was painting and etching. A set of his etchings is at the National Library of Australia, Canberra.

</doc>
<doc id="5933050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933050" title="Western red colobus">
Western red colobus

The western red colobus ("Procolobus badius") is a species of Old World monkey found in West African forests from Senegal to Ghana. All other species of red colobuses have formerly been considered subspecies of "P. badius". It is often hunted by the common chimpanzee. In 1994, western red colobus monkeys infected many chimpanzees with Ebola virus when they were hunted/eaten by the same chimpanzees.
Subspecies.
This red colobus has three subspecies, including the nominate:
"P. b. waldronae" is critically endangered, possibly even extinct. The other two subspecies are endangered.

</doc>
<doc id="5933055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933055" title="So (band)">
So (band)

So are an English duo from London active in the late 1980s, that featured Marcus Bell and Mark Long, who were previously members of a band called The Opposition. The duo were managed by Steve Weltman of Esta Management, and were contemporaries of acts such as Climie Fisher and Waterfront. Signing to Parlophone, they released singles such as "Are You Sure?" (UK #62, US #41) and "Would You Die For Me", as well as the accompanying album "Horseshoe in the Glove", produced by Walter Turbitt.
They are not to be confused with the similarly named electronic act, featuring Markus Popp (also of Oval and Microstoria) and the Japanese vocalist Eriko Toyoda.
"Horseshoe in the Glove".
Tracklisting:

</doc>
<doc id="5933058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933058" title="Jamison Newlander">
Jamison Newlander

Jamison Newlander (born April 2, 1970) is an American actor who attended New York University. He starred in the 1987 horror film "The Lost Boys", playing Alan Frog.
Career.
Newlander's best known for his role as Alan Frog a vampire hunter in the 1987 film "The Lost Boys". He also played the part of Anthony in the 1988 remake of "The Blob". In 2003, Newlander wrote, directed and starred in an independent film titled "Rooster". In 2008 he was to reprise his role as Alan Frog along with Corey Feldman as Edgar Frog in "". However, upon DVD release, Newlander's character can only be seen in the alternate ending bonus features of the DVD (and then only momentarily), having not made the movie's final cut. Both he and Corey Haim are however listed in the acting credits for their minor roles.
Newlander starred in a third "Lost Boys" film, titled "", alongside Corey Feldman and Tanit Phoenix. It was filmed in Cape Town, South Africa.
Personal life.
In 2002, Newlander married Hanny Landau.
On August 15, 2008, his wife gave birth to their first child, Nathan Dov Newlander.
On November 12, 2012 his wife gave birth to their second child, Azi Sylvester Newlander.

</doc>
<doc id="5933061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933061" title="Transfer (public transit)">
Transfer (public transit)

A transfer allows the rider of a public transportation vehicle who pays for a single-trip fare to continue the trip on another bus or train. Depending on the network, there may or may not be an additional fee for the transfer. Historically, transfers may have been stamped or hole-punched with the time, date, and direction of travel to prevent their use for a return trip. More recently, magnetic or barcoded tickets may be recorded (as on international flights) or ticket barriers may only charge on entry and exit to a larger system (as on modern underground rail networks). 
Some public transport companies may honor transfers purchased from another company with connecting service.

</doc>
<doc id="5933064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933064" title="WJEB-TV">
WJEB-TV

WJEB-TV, virtual channel 59 (UHF digital channel 44), is a TBN owned-and-operated television station located in Jacksonville, Florida, United States. The station is owned by the Community Educational Television subsidiary of the Trinity Broadcasting Network. WJEB-TV maintains studio facilities located on Emerson Expressway/U.S. 1 in southeastern Jacksonville, and its transmitter is located on Newton Road in the city's Brackridge neighborhood.
Background.
The station first signed on the air on May 29, 1991 and was built and signed on by the Trinity Broadcasting Network, under the licensee Jacksonville Educators Broadcasting, Inc., operated by the TBN subsidiary Community Educational Television. In addition to programming from TBN, the station airs educational programming to prepare local students for the General Educational Development test.
Digital television.
On that date, WJEB terminated its analog signal, on UHF channel 59. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 44. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display WJEB's virtual channel as 59, which was among the high band UHF channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcasting use as a result of the transition.

</doc>
<doc id="5933065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933065" title="YWCA Camp Davern">
YWCA Camp Davern

Camp Davern is a YWCA summer camp for girls 6–16 years old located near Maberly, Ontario, Canada, 100 kilometers west of Ottawa.
The camp has been in continuous operation since 1946, and now has some third-generation campers whose mothers and grandmothers also attended. Originally, a Canadian Pacific Railway train brought campers from Ottawa, stopping on the rail line just north of the camp to let them off. Today, campers travel from Ottawa on chartered buses.

</doc>
<doc id="5933075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933075" title="Giorgio Andreoli">
Giorgio Andreoli

Giorgio Andreoli (between 1465 and 14701553), named also Mastro Giorgio Andreoli or Mastro Giorgio, was born in Intra, on the Lake Maggiore, and died in Gubbio, where he spent most of his life, in 1555. He is considered to be the most important potter of the Italian Renaissance. He is famous as inventor of a particular kind of lusterware ("lustro").
In 1498 he became a citizen of Gubbio and in 1518 invented his remarkable lustre, the chief characteristics of which are its beautiful gold and carmine colors. Good examples of his majolica may be found in the local museums of Gubbio, Urbino, Arezzo, and elsewhere in Italy, and also in the principal museums of decorative art in Europe, such as Berlin, Vienna, Paris, and South Kensington. 
Not all works fired with his lustre were designed by him, for potters of the neighboring cities brought their work to him to be fired. He was assisted in his work by his brothers Salimbene and Giovanni, and after his death it was continued by his son Vincenzo.

</doc>
<doc id="5933085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933085" title="Wakatipu">
Wakatipu

Wakatipu is the name of a district in inland Otago, New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="5933095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933095" title="List of New Zealand Warriors players">
List of New Zealand Warriors players

This is a list of rugby league footballers who have played first grade for the New Zealand Warriors. Players are listed according to the date of their first professional domestic first grade match in which they played for the club. Appearances and points are for first-team competitive matches only.
These lists encompass player records from the:
"Statistics correct as of 13 September 2012".

</doc>
<doc id="5933097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933097" title="WTCE-TV">
WTCE-TV

WTCE-TV is a religious television station in Fort Pierce, Florida, broadcasting locally on channel 21 (digital 38) as an owned and operated affiliate of TBN, under the license name of Jacksonville Educators Broadcasting, Inc., part of the TBN-owned Community Educational Television group.
The station's transmitter is located at the station, on North 25th Street (Martin Luther King, Jr. Blvd.), in Fort Pierce.
In addition to programming from TBN, the station airs educational programming to prepare local students for the GED.
Digital television.
WTCE-TV discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over UHF channel 21, on that date. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 38. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 21.

</doc>
<doc id="5933098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933098" title="Thomas Price (soldier)">
Thomas Price (soldier)

Thomas Caradoc Rose Price, CB, (21 October 1842 – 3 July 1911), often known as Colonel Tom Price, was an Australian soldier, acting commandant of the Commonwealth Military Forces in Victoria in 1902.
Early life.
Price was born in Hobart the fourth son of John Price, fourth son of Cornish Australian Sir Rose Price, 1st Baronet (see Price Baronets). He received some basic education in Hobart and from 1854 was educated at Scotch College, Melbourne. In December 1859 he entered the East India Military College, Addiscombe, England and was commissioned in 1861 in the Madras Infantry.
Military career.
Price began twenty years of service in India with different regiments. He retired from the army in 1883 and returned to Australia. In 1885, having been given much discretion by Frederick Thomas Sargood, then minister for defence, re-organized the Victorian military forces. He originated the mounted rifles, afterwards called the light horse, and was largely responsible for the spread of the rifle club movement.
From 1900, Price saw action in South Africa in the Second Boer War in command of the second Victorian contingent and was mentioned in dispatches.
In 1902 he was assigned command of forces in Queensland until he retired, medically unfit, in 1904.
Late life.
Price retired to Warrnambool, Victoria, his health having been affected by his services in India and South Africa, and lived there until his death in 1911. He was buried with military honours in the Melbourne General Cemetery. He married twice, firstly to Mary, daughter of Thomas Baillie and secondly to Emeline Shadforth, daughter of the Hon. R. D. Reid, who survived him with three sons and a daughter by the first marriage. He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="5933114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933114" title="Erbistock">
Erbistock

Erbistock () is a village and a local government community, the lowest tier of local government, part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales. The village lies on the banks of the River Dee.
The community area, governed by Erbistock Community Council () also includes the small villages of Crabtree Green and Eyton; it had a total population of 409 at the 2001 census.
History.
Erbistock was one of the ancient townships of the Lordship of Bromfield, and was mentioned in the Domesday Book. It later became one of the parishes of the pre-1974 county of Denbighshire but a part lay in the detached part of the old county of Flintshire formerly known as the Maelor Saesneg, the Denbighshire portion having been attached to the Maelor Gymraeg. The Wrexham historian Alfred Neobard Palmer noted that this division was very old, and resulted from the desire of Edward I of England to strengthen English influence in the border borough of Overton. In April 1300 a writ was issued to Richard de Massey, the justice of Chester, to bargain with "certain Welshmen" holding lands in Overton with the offer of exchanging them with parts of the king's demesne lands in Erbistock.
A parish church dedicated to Saint Erbin was mentioned as far back as the 13th century but the present church, dedicated to Saint Hilary, was constructed in 1860. Palmer suggested that the name derives from ""Erbin's stoke"" meaning "Erbin's stockaded ford".
The corresponding civil parish of Erbistock absorbed the neighbouring parish of Eyton in 1935. According to Palmer, Eyton was mentioned as early as 1043, when it was given by Leofric, earl of Mercia, to the minster he had founded at Coventry, and at the time of the Domesday Book survey was held by the bishop of Lichfield.
The village and its picturesque surrounding area have been defined as the "Erbistock Village and Conservation Area" by Wrexham county borough council.
Important Buildings.
Erbistock has two popular pubs. The "Cross Foxes" at Overton Bridge, dating back to 1748, was built by the Wynnstay Estate for its workers. The famous 17th century "Boat Inn" stands beside the River Dee. The inn takes its name from the hand-operated chain ferry which once crossed the river at this point, with remnants of the pull mechanism still existing nearby.
On the riverbank next to the "Boat" is the Grade II listed St. Hilary's church. It was built in 1860, replacing a Georgian structure which had itself replaced an earlier timber-framed and thatched building, and was funded by Caroline Boates of Rose Hill and her daughter. Members of the Boates family also contributed the elaborate stained glass windows; the church contains an 18th-century chandelier and a font bowl that may be Norman in origin.
The Churchyard Extension contains the war graves of a Royal Navy officer and an officer and noncommissioned officer of the army from World War II.
Erbistock Hall is a grade II listed Georgian country house which stands on rising ground overlooking the River Dee. The house was built in 1770 and belonged to the Wynn family of Wynnstay. Originally built in brick in three storeys, it was later reduced to two. It has a notable topiary garden. The house was acquired by Sir Charles Lowther, 4th Baronet circa 1930. It was also owned at one time by the Brancker family.
Bibliography.
Alfred Neobard Palmer, "A History Of Ancient Tenures Of Land In North Wales And The Marches" (1910)

</doc>
<doc id="5933127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933127" title="Rise Robots Rise">
Rise Robots Rise

Rise Robots Rise is an experimental hip-hop band, signed to TVT in the early 1990s, and later to Fibre Productions. The songs of "Spawn" are credited to J. Mendelson and B. Nitze. Tracey Amos often provides guest vocals.
Singer Tom Jones covered the song "If I Only Knew" on a single released in 1994. It is also featured on "Tom Jones Reloaded: Greatest Hits", a collection of covers.
Discography.
Albums.
"Rise Robots Rise" (1992).
TVT 3210-2
"Spawn" (1993).
TVT 3220-2
"Circular File" (1994).
TRI001
EPs.
"Talk Is Cheap/Flowers & Birds" (1991).
TVT 3211-2
"All Sewn Up" (1992).
TVT 3212-2P
"If I Only Knew/All Sewn Up" (1992).
TVT 3213-2
"The Bottle/Strange Brew" (1993).
TVT 3221-2

</doc>
<doc id="5933131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933131" title="Barton Avenue Residential District">
Barton Avenue Residential District

The Barton Avenue Residential District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on August 21, 1992) located in Rockledge, Florida. The district runs from 11 through 59 Barton Avenue. It contains 41 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5933139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933139" title="Alex Debón">
Alex Debón

Alex Debón Latorre (born 1 March 1976 in La Vall d'Uixó, Valencia, Spain) is a former professional motorcycle road racer, who last competed in the Moto2 World Championship. 
He began racing internationally in 2000 after a handful of wildcard rides, but after several years of middling results he became Aprilia's test and reserve rider in 2006. He was promoted to a regular race ride for 2008, after some strong wildcard showings including Catalunya in 2006 and Brno in 2007.
Debón opened the season with a pole position in Qatar, leading on the final lap before dropping to fourth. He took his first GP win on 18 May 2008 at Le Mans in the French Grand Prix. Having qualified on pole, he correctly chose dry tyres in changeable conditions, and pulled away to a huge lead - resulting in speculation that his bike may contain traction control, in preparation for Aprilia's planned MotoGP class bike. It was the 112th GP start of his career.
For 2010 he raced for Ajo Motorsport in Moto2, with a chassis by FTR Moto. He finished second in the first race in Qatar. At Assen, he crashed heavily in qualifying, breaking his collarbone having set the third-quickest time in the session. During the season, Debón announced his intention to retire at the end of the season, and will be replaced by Kevin Coghlan for the season.

</doc>
<doc id="5933141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933141" title="Hri Kumar Nair">
Hri Kumar Nair

Hri Kumar Nair (born 16 June 1966), , is a Singaporean politician and lawyer. He is a Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Bishan-Toa Payoh GRC.
Nair studied in National Junior College and graduated from the National University of Singapore Faculty of Law with a LLB. Prior to entering politics he was a lawyer at Drew & Napier and is a director at the firm. He was appointed Senior Counsel in 2008.
Nair is the youngest of nine children in his family. His wife is a director of Ernst & Young.

</doc>
<doc id="5933142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933142" title="Chess (2006 film)">
Chess (2006 film)

Chess is a 2006 Malayalam film directed by Raj Babu. Dileep plays the male protagonist and Bhavana is his heroine. The film also stars Ashish Vidyarthi, Jagathy Sreekumar, Harisree Ashokan and Vijayaraghavan and Rajyalakshmi.
Plot.
"Chess" is a story of young man who is thrown into the deep end where sharks of the society swim with nonchalance.
Dileep plays the lead role of Vijayakrishnan, whose background is music and other fine arts. But suddenly he gets catapulted into the cruel city life where there is little time for niceties. Vijayakrishnan, in the cruel roll of fate's dice, is pitted against heartless men in khakhis. The schemers kill Vijayakrishnan's father and burn his mother to death. Then they wound Vijayakrishnan badly and leave him to die. The rest of the story is about Vijayakrishnan's revenge on the people who murdered his parents. To do this he acts as a blind man and then one by one he kills the schemers.

</doc>
<doc id="5933143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933143" title="Rockledge Drive Residential District">
Rockledge Drive Residential District

The Rockledge Drive Residential District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on August 21, 1992) located in Rockledge, Florida. The district runs from 15 through 23 Rockledge Avenue, 219 through 1361 Rockledge Drive and 1 through 11 Orange Avenue. It contains 100 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5933151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933151" title="Titusville Commercial District">
Titusville Commercial District

The Titusville Commercial District (also known as Downtown Titusville Historic District) is a U.S. historic district in Titusville, Florida. It is bounded by Julia Street, Hopkins Avenue, Main Street, and Indian River Avenue, encompasses approximately , and contains 21 historic buildings. On January 10, 1990, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It is currently debatable whether or not it is Titusville's main commercial district anymore, as an area in south Titusville near the intersection of SR 50 (FL) and State Road 405 (Florida) close to I-95 (FL) has much more major shopping and dining than Downtown Titusville.

</doc>
<doc id="5933152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933152" title="Biweekly">
Biweekly

Biweekly may refer to an event that occurs twice weekly or once every two weeks.
There are 52 full weeks in a year of 12 months (ISO 8601 defines a year as containing 52 or 53 weeks), making for a possible 26 or 104 biweekly events in a year. This is a greater number than if such events were held twice a month, because most months have more than four weeks (28 days).
In the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand, the term fortnightly is more commonly used.

</doc>
<doc id="5933156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933156" title="Shipping authority">
Shipping authority

A shipping authority is the local government department responsible for shipping.

</doc>
<doc id="5933166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933166" title="Valencia Subdivision Residential District">
Valencia Subdivision Residential District

The Valencia Subdivision Residential District is a historic district in Rockledge, Florida. It runs from 14 through 140 Valencia Road, 825 through 827 Osceola Drive and 24 through 28 Orange Avenue, encompasses approximately , and contains 54 historic buildings and 2 objects. On August 21, 1992, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="5933172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933172" title="Roosevelt Park">
Roosevelt Park

Roosevelt Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933173" title="WBEC-TV">
WBEC-TV

WBEC-TV, virtual channel 63 (UHF digital channel 40), is an educational independent television station located in Boca Raton, Florida, United States. The station is owned by the Broward County Public Schools district, along with student-run high school radio station WKPX (88.5 FM), which features an alternative music format, and carries audio broadcasts of the school board's meetings. WBEC-TV maintains studio and transmitter facilities located in Davie (within the Miami-Fort Lauderdale market). Although based in Broward County and primarily serves and its based withing the Miami-Fort Lauderdale market, WBEC's city of license is located within the West Palm Beach television market.
History.
WBEC traces its history to the launch of Instructional Television of Broward County, Florida (ITV), a local educational cable channel that debuted in the mid-1970s. Some of the in-school programming that was produced by ITV were also distributed to PBS member stations and other educational television stations throughout Florida, especially as a benefit to those without cable television. In order to have unrestricted use of the Instructional Television Center, in 1984, the Broward County Public Schools district reimbursed the funds it had received from the Florida State Department of Education to establish the center. The center placed emphasis on the production and broadcast of instructional television programming, but it also produced television programs for the community that were carried by cable companies that provided broadcast time to the district.
In 1998, the channel was renamed as the Broward Education Communications Network (BECON); the district subsequently expanded to broadcast television after its purchased the license for WPPB-TV, which dates back to June 10, 1986; the station itself would not sign on the air, under the district's ownership, until 1999. On March 15, 2008, the station changed its call letters to WBEC-TV, to reflect its branding, Broward Education Communications.
Digital television.
Digital channels.
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion.
WBEC-TV terminated its analog signal, on UHF channel 63, on June 12, 2009, as part of the federally mandated transition from analog to digital television. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 40. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display WBEC-TV's virtual channel as its former analog channel 63, which was among the high band UHF channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcasting use as a result of the transition.

</doc>
<doc id="5933180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933180" title="WPPB">
WPPB

WPPB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933183" title="Liebigs Annalen">
Liebigs Annalen

Justus Liebig's "Annalen der Chemie (often cited as just Liebigs Annalen") was one of the oldest and historically most important journals in the field of organic chemistry worldwide. It was established in 1832 and edited by Justus von Liebig with Friedrich Wöhler until Liebig's death in 1873. 
In 1997 the journal merged with "Recueil des Travaux Chimiques des Pays-Bas" to form "Liebigs Annalen/Recueil". In 1998 it was absorbed by "European Journal of Organic Chemistry" by merger of a number of other leading national European chemistry journals.

</doc>
<doc id="5933193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933193" title="Westland Mansion">
Westland Mansion

Westland Mansion was the Princeton, Mercer County, New Jersey, home of the twenty-second and twenty-fourth President of the United States, Grover Cleveland. 
The house was built by Robert F. Stockton in the mid-19th century. The National Park Service describes the original house, patterned after Morven (a nearby 18th-century mansion also owned by Robert Stockton) as a "2-1/2-story, stone structure covered with stucco painted yellow, twin parlors on the first floor, spacious rooms, high ceilings, and handsome marble mantelpieces."
Purchased by Cleveland after his second term as president in 1896, the former chief executive lived there from 1897 until his death in 1908. In that time period, Cleveland dramatically altered his home by adding a two story wing to the house. Cleveland's widow, Frances, continued to reside in the house for many years after his death. Today, Westland, while in pristine condition, is privately owned, and thus not open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="5933197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933197" title="Cabbage patch">
Cabbage patch

Cabbage patch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933206" title="Nathan Porges">
Nathan Porges

Nathan Porges (December 21, 1848 – August 27, 1924) was a Bohemian German rabbi.
Biography.
Porges was born in Prostějov in Moravia, then part of the Austrian Empire.
He was educated in his native town Prostějov, at the gymnasium of Olomouc, and at the University of Olomouc (Ph.D. 1869) and the Jewish Theological Seminary (rabbi 1869) of Breslau (Wrocław). He became successively rabbi at Nakel (Nakło nad Notecią) (1875), Mannheim (1879), Pilsen (1880), Karlovy Vary (1882), and Leipzig; he began officiating in the last city in 1888.
Porges died in Würzburg.
Literary works.
Porges wrote many articles, essays, and critiques for periodicals including:
He was the author of:

</doc>
<doc id="5933208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933208" title="Claud Jacob">
Claud Jacob

Field Marshal Sir Claud William Jacob, (21 November 1863 – 2 June 1948) was a British Army officer. He served in the Second Boer War and the subsequent East Africa Campaign. He went on to serve in the First World War as commander of the Dehra Dun Brigade, as General Officer Commanding 21st Division and as General Officer Commanding II Corps in the Fifth Army. During the Battle of the Somme, his corps undertook the British attack during the Battle of Thiepval Ridge in September 1916 and the subsequent assault on St Pierre Divion during the Battle of the Ancre in November 1916. He remained in command of II Corps for the Battle of Passchendaele in Autumn 1917. After the War he commanded a corps of the British Army of the Rhine during the occupation there and then served as Chief of the General Staff in India. He went on to be General Officer Commanding Northern Command in India before temporarily becoming Commander-in-Chief, India and then taking over as Military Secretary to the India Office.
Military career.
Jacob was born on 21 November 1863, at Mahidpur in the Bombay Presidency of British India, to Major-General William Jacob and Eliza Jacob.
From Sherborne School he passed into Sandhurst and was commissioned into the Worcestershire Regiment on 9 September 1882. On 16 December 1884, stationed at Quetta, he secured his transfer from the Worcestershire Regiment to the Indian service and, in July 1886, he became adjutant of the 30th Regiment (Jacob’s) Bombay Native Infantry also known as 3rd Belooch Regiment (now 12 Baloch). He first saw action with the Zhob Valley expedition of 1890 after which he was posted to the 24th (Baluchistan) Regiment of Bombay Infantry (now 6 Baloch) in 1891. Promoted to captain on 9 September 1893 and to major on 10 July 1901, he was selected to command the Zhob Levy Corps, which kept the peace in the North West Frontier Province along the Waziristan and Southern Afghanistan border. He took part in the blockade of the Mahsud Waziri tribe at the end of 1901. Promoted to lieutenant-colonel on 1 October 1904, he was given command of the 106th Hazara Pioneers. Promoted to brevet colonel on 1 October 1908 and to full colonel on 1 January 1911, he was appointed GSO1 of the Meerut Division on 2 September 1912.
At the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, Jacob went with the Meerut division, part of the Indian corps, to the Western Front. He saw action at the closing stages of the Battle of La Bassée in October 1914. Promoted to temporary brigadier-general on 5 January 1915, he was appointed to command the Dehra Dun Brigade, and led the brigade at the Battle of Neuve Chapelle in March 1915 and the Battle of Aubers Ridge in May 1915. Promoted to temporary major-general on 7 September 1915, he became General Officer Commanding the Meerut division and led the division at the Battle of Loos in October 1915. With the Indian Corps was preparing to leave the Western front, he was appointed to take over the 21st Division of the "New Armies" on 18 November 1915. Promoted to the substantive rank of major-general on 1 January 1916 and despite being wounded in March 1916, he was promoted to temporary lieutenant-general on 28 May 1916 and appointed to command II Corps in the Fifth Army in September 1916. During the Battle of the Somme, his corps undertook the British attack during the Battle of Thiepval Ridge in September 1916 and the subsequent assault on St Pierre Divion during the Battle of the Ancre in November 1916. He remained in command of II Corps, having been promoted to the substantive rank of lieutenant-general on 3 June 1917, for the Battle of Passchendaele in Autumn 1917.
Jacob commanded a corps of the British Army of the Rhine during the occupation there. He became Chief of the General Staff in India in January 1920 and was then both promoted to full general and appointed Aide-de-Camp to King George V on 31 May 1920. He returned home to England in 1924, and in November of that year was given the Northern Command in India. When Lord Rawlinson died in March 1925, he acted temporarily as Commander-in-Chief, India, until Sir William Birdwood took over that role in August 1925 and Jacob returned home again. He took up the appointment of Military Secretary to the India Office in April 1926 and, having been promoted field marshal on 30 November 1926, he remained at the India Office until he retired in May 1930.
In retirement Jacob became Constable of the Tower of London. He was also Colonel of 2nd Battalion The Baluch Regiment (now 7th Battalion The Baloch Regiment), Colonel of the 106th Hazara Pioneers and Colonel of the Worcestershire Regiment. In January 1936 he attended the funeral of King George V and in May 1937 he attended the coronation of King George VI. He died at King's College Hospital in London on 2 June 1948 at the age of eighty-four.
Family.
In 1894, he married Clara Pauline Wyatt, daughter of the Reverend J. L. Wyatt, well known as a missionary and student of oriental languages in India, and also a lecturer in Tamil at Cambridge University from 1895 to 1929. The couple had one son, Edward Ian Claud Jacob, who later became Assistant Military Secretary of the War Cabinet and Director-General of the BBC.
Honours.
British
Foreign

</doc>
<doc id="5933217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933217" title="John Shillito Company">
John Shillito Company

John Shillito & Co. (commonly known as Shillito's) was Cincinnati's first department store. It was founded by John Shillito and William McLaughlin in 1832 as "McLaughlin & Shillito", but their partnership soon broke up. In 1857, Shillito, now operating on his own, built a store on Fourth Street, designed by James W. McLaughlin. In 1878, Shillito's moved to a new landmark building on Race and Seventh streets, also designed by James McLaughlin. The fashionable new store had five elevators.
By the early Depression, business was not as good as had been, and in 1930 Shillito's was bought by the F&R Lazarus Co., which became a founding partner in Federated Department Stores a year later. The Shillito name was merged with corporate sibling Rike's to form Shillito Rike's in 1982; the name was dropped altogether in 1986 in favor of Lazarus. On March 6, 2005, the Lazarus name was dropped and the former Shillito's stores now operate under the Macy's brand name.
African-Americans were excluded from shopping at Shillito's until the Civil Rights Movement.
Branch stores were located at: Tri-County Mall (1960), Western Woods (1963), Beechmont Mall (1969), Oxmoor Mall (Louisville, Kentucky, 1971), Fayette Mall (Lexington, Kentucky, 1971), Florence Mall (Florence, Kentucky, 1977) and Jefferson Mall (Louisville, 1979).
The landmark Shillito's department store building has been converted into the Lofts at Shillito Place luxury apartments. It is a contributing property to the Race Street Historic District. When the building was turned renovated in 1998, the developer was surprised to uncover the atrium space with the original hexagonal skylight, and they recreated it in energy-efficient materials. Today there are 18 loft-style apartments on six floors and office space on the main floor.

</doc>
<doc id="5933218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933218" title="E636">
E636

E636 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933222" title="Robbie Brightwell">
Robbie Brightwell

Robert ("Robbie") Ian Brightwell MBE (born 27 October 1939) is a former track and field athlete.
Brightwell was born in Rawalpindi, British India, but moved to the UK with his family in 1946 and grew up in Donnington, Shropshire. He gained his athletic training at Shrewsbury Technical College and went on to become a sportsmaster at Tiffin Boys' School school in Surrey, England.
He was known for his quarter-mile running races, with his first major race taking place during 1961. He broke the British record for 440 yards as well as the European 400 metres record .
During the Olympic Games held in Tokyo 10 to 24 October 1964, he was captain of the men's British Olympic Team. Running the final stage in the men's 4 x 400 metres relay, he passed Wendell Mottley of Trinidad & Tobago to finish second to Henry Carr of the USA. In the individual 400 metres he finished 4th.
His fiancée at that time was Ann Packer who won a gold medal in the women's 800 metres (run) on the day after the men's individual 400 metres final. After winning a silver medal in the 400 metres Ann Packer had no plans to run in the 800 metres and had a shopping trip planned until Brightwell's disappointing 400 metres. She said she ran it for him and broke the world record in the process.
The captaincy of the British Team and his silver medal was the climax of his career. Aged only 24 years early in 1964 he announced that he would retire after the Olympic Games. He and Ann were each awarded the MBE in 1965.
On 19 December 1964 he married Ann Packer. Robbie and Ann are the parents of three sons: Gary, and two former Manchester City players Ian and David. Robbie went into teaching before moving to lecture at the then Loughborough College and before taking up successive directorships with sports companies Adidas UK and Le Coq Sportif UK. He also ran a fishing tackle business for thirty years. He lives with Ann in Congleton, Cheshire.

</doc>
<doc id="5933225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933225" title="Proprietary DVR">
Proprietary DVR

DVRs, or Digital Video Recorders, are devices which record video to a hard drive. The term Proprietary DVR refers to exclusive methodologies used to maintain commercial control over the DVR format and prevent third-party copying of a particular file. CCTV systems are used for the detection and recording of crime, but the analysts and law enforcement personnel who are required to obtain and process video recorded with proprietary DVRs may face problems using the proprietary format. 
Most established manufacturers will provide tools for law enforcement agencies to play and copy footage from such systems.
The opposite of proprietary DVR is standard or PC-based DVR. (Although, in fact, many proprietary DVR's are PC-based devices.)
Currently there is no standard output for the security industry to follow. Because of this, analysts are forced to obtain a compatible "player" in order to view the video. Some proprietary DVRs are delivered to the end-user in an executable player which allows for navigation. Some require the installation of the player. Others simply require a codec to be available on the system that is playing, then it will become viewable in a common player such as Windows Media Player.
Some proprietary DVR systems offer more than one output format, such as the native format as well as a standard format such as AVI. Some also offer a composite video output PAL or NTSC. Some security companies are reluctant to offer anything other than their proprietary format. Reasons cited for maintaining control over the file by making it conversion proof vary, but most companies will make "tamperproof" a sellable feature, while disregarding the work required of an analyst or court in order to present the video.
Another selling point of proprietary DVR systems is compression. Video compression removes information in exchange for a smaller file size. Increasing compression leads to the ability to store longer periods on a disk, at the expense of sacrificing some of the detail in the images. This trade-off must be considered when attempting to balance image quality and recording time in a DVR. As storage drives become cheaper and larger, compression sacrifices are improving.
A problem inherent in proprietary DVR output is accuracy. There is a good chance that the video image as viewed has an incorrect aspect ratio and/or color information. Color may be off simply due to the calibration of the monitor being used, but often color information is not recorded accurately. It is not very common to white balance security cameras unless it is done at set up. Aspect ratios may also be recorded improperly and could actually be quite distorted. Aspect ratios on some players are sometimes user-adjustable by dragging the viewer in one direction or the other.
Contrary to attempts made by proprietary DVR developers, it is possible to change virtually any DVR image into another format, but it cannot be done through digital conversion, such as changing an MPEG-2 to AVI. Instead it is done by intercepting the pixels sent by the proprietary DVR to the users monitor. There are a number of software available that will capture an area of a screen and generate an uncompressed file in a common format.
Gradually technology is improving and DVR systems are capable of having features that analog video could never provide. One feature is the ability to store metadata, such as point of sale information. Another feature may be for an event (movement, panic button, door/drawer opening) to trigger a system to record at a higher resolution. Perhaps the greatest feature is the ability to navigate directly to an area of interest. 
__noTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5933238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933238" title="Granada Charterhouse">
Granada Charterhouse

Granada Charterhouse () is a Carthusian monastery in Granada, Spain. It is one of the finest examples of Spanish Baroque architecture.
The charterhouse was founded in 1506; construction started ten years later, and continued for the following 300 years. While the exterior is a tame ember in comparison, the interior of the monastery's is a flamboyant explosion of ornamentation. Its complex echoing geometric surfaces make of it one of the masterpieces of Churrigueresque style. The most striking features include the tabernacle, constructed to a design by Francisco Hurtado Izquierdo, the church and the famous sacristy, built between 1727 and 1764 by Luis de Arévalo and F. Manuel Vasquez. The charterhouse displays an extensive collection of paintings, prominent among which the works of Fray Juan Sánchez Cotán.

</doc>
<doc id="5933247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933247" title="Not Just Another Bogus List">
Not Just Another Bogus List

Not Just Another Bogus List (NJABL) was a DNS blacklist. 
NJABL maintained a list of known and potential spam sources (open mail relays, open proxies, open form to mail HTTP gateways, dynamic IP pools, and direct spammers) for the purpose of being able to tag or refuse e-mail and thereby block spam from certain sources. NJABL automatically retests only listed open relays every 90 days.
The Open Proxy IPs portion (only) of NJABL data are used in Spamhaus XBL list 
NJABL's dynamic IP list originally came from Dynablock but was maintained independently since Dynablock stopped updating [http://www.njabl.org/dynablock.html] December 2003. The SORBS dynamic IP list is also a development from Dynablock, but is more aggressively inclusive than NJABL's version.
As of March 1, 2013, NJABL is in the process of being shut down. The DNSBL zones have been emptied. After "the Internet" has had some time to remove NJABL from server configs, the NS's will be pointed off into unallocated space (192.0.2.0/24 TEST-NET-1) to hopefully make the shutdown obvious to those who were slower to notice.
As of April 29, the above mentioned pointing of the DNSBL NS's into 192.0.2.0/24 has been done.

</doc>
<doc id="5933249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933249" title="Reptile (album)">
Reptile (album)

Reptile is the 15th studio album by British musician Eric Clapton, released by Duck / Reprise Records on 13 March 2001. The album was produced by Eric Clapton with Simon Climie and is Eric's first album to feature keyboard work by Billy Preston and background vocals by the Impressions.
Personnel.
"Per liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="5933258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933258" title="WPCT">
WPCT

WPCT is an informational television station in Panama City Beach, Florida, broadcasting locally on channel 46 (digital 47) with information for local tourists. Founded March 20, 1995, the station is owned by Beach TV Properties, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="5933259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933259" title="Society for Applied Anthropology">
Society for Applied Anthropology

The Society for Applied Anthropology (SfAA) is a U.S.-based professional association for applied anthropology, established "to promote the integration of anthropological perspectives and methods in solving human problems throughout the world; to advocate for fair and just public policy based upon sound research; to promote public recognition of anthropology as a profession; and to support the continuing professionalization of the field." The Society publishes two journals, "Human Organization" and "Practicing Anthropology".
It has an annual meeting every March, usually in the U.S. The 2013 annual meeting took place in Denver.

</doc>
<doc id="5933269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933269" title="The New Formalist">
The New Formalist

The New Formalist is a U.S.-based literary periodical published (since 2001) monthly in electronic form and once a year in print form. Distributed by "The New Formalist Press" and edited by Leo Yankevich, it has published many of the leading formal poets writing in English today.
Published poets include Jared Carter, Keith Holyoak, Alfred Dorn, T. S. Kerrigan, Richard T. Moore, Joseph S. Salemi and Frederick Turner.
"The New Formalist" also publishes The New Formalist E-book Series.

</doc>
<doc id="5933289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933289" title="Barton railway station">
Barton railway station

Barton was a railway station in the village of Barton, Lancashire, on the Liverpool, Southport and Preston Junction Railway. Situated to the south of the roadbridge on Station Road (off the A5147), the station opened on 1 November 1887, and was renamed Downholland on 2June 1924. Downholland (Barton) largely served as the terminus for trains coming from Southport (initially , then from 1901), though through trains to operated until 1926. The Barton Branch was notable for the "Altcar Bob" service, introduced in July 1906.
The station closed to passengers on 26 September 1938, though the line remained open for goods traffic until 21January 1952. The tracks were lifted shortly thereafter. The site now lies within the boundaries of a local nature reserve, and the heavily overgrown platforms can still be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="5933291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933291" title="DRG H 02 1001">
DRG H 02 1001

The DRG H 02 1001 was a remarkable high-pressure steam locomotive, built by the engineering firm of Schwarzkopff to the design of Dr L. Löffler. The aim was not only to improve fuel economy—the usual reason for adopting high steam pressures—but also to increase the amount of power that could be produced within the German loading gauge.
The H02-1001 locomotive was the only example of the Schwarzkopff-Löffler high-pressure boiler system, a complex technology in which heat was extracted from the firebox by tubes filled with steam rather than boiling water. It was delivered in 1930 to the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DRG). Schwarzkopff guaranteed in the purchase contract a coal saving of 42% over a standard 01 locomotive design, but in the event the DRG never bought the locomotive.
Steam was delivered at no less than 1750 lbf/in² (105 kp/cm²) to two very small outside cylinders of 220 mm diameter. These were compounded with a single 600 mm LP inside cylinder. The wheel arrangement was 4-6-2.
After extensive trials it was found that any increase in efficiency was small compared with the greatly increased maintenance costs. The very complicated H02 1001 was also hopelessly unreliable.

</doc>
<doc id="5933293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933293" title="Nuffield">
Nuffield

Nuffield may refer to:
Institutions (some of the many) founded and endowed by Lord Nuffield from the profits of his businesses:

</doc>
<doc id="5933314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933314" title="Walk cycle">
Walk cycle

In animation, a walk cycle is a series of frames or illustrations drawn in sequence that loop to create an animation of a walking character. The walk cycle is looped over and over, thus having to avoid animating each step again.
Creating a walk cycle.
Walk cycles can be broken up into 4 key frame, namely "Forward Contact Point", "Passing Pose1", "Back Contact Point" and "Passing Pose 2". Frames that are drawn between these key poses (traditionally known as in-betweens/Inbetweening) are either hand-drawn or using computer software to interpolate them. 
Besides the apparent move of the legs, many more details are necessary for a convincing walk cycle, like animation timing, movement of the arms, head and torsion of the whole body. (For example in ).
There exist many techniques to create walk cycles. Traditionally walk-cycles are hand drawn but over time with the introduction of new technologies for new mediums, walk cycles can be made in pixel art, 2d computer graphics, 3D computer graphics, stop motion method, cut-out animation or using techniques like rotoscoping.
References.
How to Create Walk Cycle (Video Tutorial)- http://www.cgmeetup.net/home/how-to-create-walk-cycle/

</doc>
<doc id="5933364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933364" title="Workers Party of America">
Workers Party of America

The Workers Party of America was the name of the legal party organization used by the Communist Party USA from the last days of 1921 until the middle of 1929. As a legal political party the Workers Party accepted affiliation from independent socialist groups such as the African Blood Brotherhood, the Jewish Socialist Federation and the Workers' Council of the United States. In the meantime, the underground Communist Party, with overlapping membership, conducted political agitation despite the repression of the Palmer raids. By 1923, the aboveground party sought to engage the Socialist Party of America in united front actions, but was rebuffed. Both the Workers Party of America and the Socialist Party of America engaged in separate labor party efforts, prior to the Presidential election of 1924. The Socialist Party of America participated in the Conference for Progressive Political Action, which dissolved itself into the Progressive Party. The Workers Party of America succeeded in dominating the national Farmer-Labor Party, but that organization quickly returned to its constituent parts.
At the groups 1925 convention, the group renamed itself the Workers (Communist) Party, and in 1929 the Communist Party, USA. The parties youth affiliate was named the Young Workers League, Young Workers (Communist) League and Young Communist League in tandem with the parent organization.
As the Comintern entered the "Third Period", the principle of a leftist united front was abandoned in favor of a single above ground Communist Party. The aboveground Workers Party of America and underground party were gradually merged in a series of party conferences in the late 1920s.
Publications.
Before the Party established its own publishing house for books (International Publishers) and pamphlets (Workers Library Publishers) the Workers Party and Workers (Communist) Party published a number of items under its own imprint, or in association with the "Daily Worker".

</doc>
<doc id="5933370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933370" title="Edgar Coleman">
Edgar Coleman

Edgar Coleman is an American Classical Pianist.
The multi-talented virtuoso was a pupil of Ozan Marsh, Aube Tzerko (renowned piano teacher and student of Artur Schnabel).
Mr. Coleman began piano studies at the age of four. After only a few years of intensive instruction with Mary Ann Craft (student of Ernest Hutcheson of the Juilliard School), Coleman made his piano debut at the age of seven playing a recital program of Haydn Sonatas for the Beethoven Club.
Upon hearing Mr. Coleman play, Harold C. Schonberg, chief music critic of The New York Times, commented that Edgar is "a moving force of nature with a huge, beautiful sound. His interpretation of the Prokofiev 3rd Concerto is most brilliant ... almost demonic." Conductor, Alan Balter, exclaimed Coleman's interpretation of the Romantic literature as being "a rich, lyrically sensuous sound that is emotionally compelling."

</doc>
<doc id="5933384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933384" title="Königsberg, Bavaria">
Königsberg, Bavaria

Königsberg in Bayern is a town in the Haßberge district, in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 7 km northeast of Haßfurt, and 31 km northwest of Bamberg.
The town is not to be confused with the most famous Königsberg, the former East Prussian city of Königsberg in Preußen (since 1945 Kaliningrad, Russia), nor with Königsberg in der Neumark (since 1945 as Chojna in Poland). It was an exclave of Saxe-Coburg und Gotha until 1918, after having been a part of Saxe-Hildsburghausen.

</doc>
<doc id="5933386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933386" title="WBMM">
WBMM

WBMM is the CW-affiliated television station for Central Alabama's River Region that is licensed to Tuskegee. It broadcasts a 720p high definition digital signal on UHF channel 22 from a transmitter in unincorporated southwestern Bullock County along the Pike County line. Owned by Bahakel Communications, WBMM is sister to CBS affiliate WAKA and ABC affiliate WNCF. However, the latter is actually owned by SagamoreHill Broadcasting but operated by Bahakel through a shared services agreement. 
All three television outlets share studios on Harrison Road in North Montgomery. Even though it is a full-powered outlet, WBMM is part of the national CW Plus programming service. The station has a website typical of CW Plus affiliates with some custom, localized content. The station can also be seen over-the-air in standard definition on WNCF's second digital subchannel. This can be seen on UHF channel 31.2 (or virtual channel 32.2 via PSIP) from a transmitter in Gordonville.
History.
The station signed-on September 17, 1999 as a Pax affiliate airing an analog signal on UHF channel 22. WBMM became an affiliate of Daystar for a year in 2005 before eventually joining The CW (through The CW Plus) in 2006. The latter network switch was the result of The WB and UPN shutting down and merging to form The CW. Prior to The CW's formation, UPN was seen through Troy's WRJM-TV (now WIYC), while The WB aired via cable-only "WBMY," operated by NBC affiliate WSFA as part of The WB 100+ Station Group. 
It was announced on July 7, 2011 that Bahakel Communications would purchase WBMM from SagamoreHill Broadcasting for $3.5 million. The acquiring company then immediately entered into a shared services agreement with SagamoreHill which resulted in WNCF beginning to be operated by WAKA. 
The official transfer of WBMM from SagamoreHill to Bahakel was completed on October 31 after which Bahakel obtained a waiver of Federal Communications Commission (FCC) duopoly regulations that requires a market to be left with eight unique television station owners after a duopoly is formed. SagamoreHill had previously acquired WBMM in 2006 with an FCC "failing station" waiver because the Montgomery/Selma market has only eight commercially licensed full-power stations and the formation of any co-owned duopoly would have left the market with only seven unique station owners. Under the current SSA arrangement with Bahakel, SagamoreHill retains responsibility for WNCF's programming, personnel, and finances while the former company provides that station with sales, administrative, production, and technical services. 
Despite being the senior partner in the proposed agreement, WAKA will vacate its current facilities in South Central Montgomery and consolidate into WNCF's studios at some point in 2012. This is most likely due to the fact (and the irony) that Bahakel has always owned WNCF's facility and has been leasing it to SagamoreHill. Bahakel owned and operated WNCF (as WKAB-TV) until 1985 when it purchased the more desirable WAKA. FCC rules at the time prevented dual television station ownership in a market so the WKAB license was sold but the building and grounds retained. In addition, WNCF's property offers more space for a proposed expansion as compared with the land surrounding WAKA's smaller studios. 
News operation.
In January 2007, WBMM entered into a news share agreement with WAKA allowing the big three affiliate to produce the market's first prime time newscast on this station. Known as "CW News at Nine", the weeknight-only broadcast could be seen for thirty minutes and originated from WAKA's studios featuring most of the CBS affiliate's on-air personnel. WBMM would begin to have competition to its outsourced broadcast on January 7, 2008 after Fox affiliate WCOV-TV entered into a news share arrangement with NBC outlet WSFA. That agreement resulted in Montgomery's second prime time newscast at 9 initially seen only on weeknights for 35 minutes. A weekend half-hour edition began in Summer 2008. 
On April 16, 2010, WNCF expanded its partnership with the Independent News Network (INN) and launched a half-hour weeknight newscasts at 9 on WBMM airing in high definition. As a result, this station terminated its outsourcing arrangement with WAKA. Still known by the same title, the show began to be produced at INN's studios on Tremont Avenue in Davenport, Iowa. The news anchor, meteorologist, and sports anchor were provided by the centralized news operation with other personnel filling-in as needed. WBMM maintained two locally-based reporters at its studios who contributed Montgomery-specific coverage to the newscast that was taped in advance and then fed to the station through satellite relay. 
After WCOV's contract with WSFA expired at the end of 2010, that station entered into another news outsourcing agreement with WAKA to produce a nightly prime time broadcast. On January 1, 2011, WSFA transitioned its prime-time show to its second digital subchannel (then affiliated with the Retro Television Network) resulting in three options for newscasts at 9. A content sharing arrangement would eventually be set up between WBMM and then sister station WLTZ in Columbus, Georgia to share resources when covering East-Central Alabama since Montgomery and Columbus have coverage areas bordering each other. As a result, additional reporters locally employed by WLTZ were seen during "CW News at Nine". After the change in ownership to Bahakel, personnel from the NBC station in Columbus were dropped. At some point in Summer 2012, WBMM and WNCF terminated their newscast outsourcing agreement with the Independent News Network in preparation for local news production duties to be assumed by WAKA.
WNCF and WAKA officially debuted their combined local news operation on February 2, 2013. Based out of what was formerly WNCF's studios on Harrison Road, a newly expanded high definition-ready facility features state-of-the-art production capabilities which has allowed WAKA to finally offer local news in high definition. Despite merging with WNCF, WAKA continues to produce a nightly, half-hour prime time newscast at 9 on Fox affiliate WCOV through a pre-existing news share arrangement. As a result, there are no local newscasts currently airing on WBMM. On February 4, this station began airing a reformatted version of WNCF's longtime weekday morning show "Good Morning Montgomery" (hosted by Alva Lambert, Johnny Green, and Joe Hagler). However, it now airs weekday afternoons from 1 until 2 on WBMM and is currently known on-air as "Good Afternoon Montgomery". The program is similar to a radio talk show with guests interacting with the hosts and opportunities for viewers to call-in. Like all CW Plus outlets in the Central Time Zone, WBMM airs the nationally syndicated morning show "The Daily Buzz" on weekdays from 6 until 8.

</doc>
<doc id="5933390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933390" title="Colchester Gladiators">
Colchester Gladiators

The Colchester Gladiators are an American Football team competing in the South East National League of British American Football League (BAFL). They play their home games at the Colchester Rugby Club in Colchester, Essex and train at the Sir Charles Lucas Centre for Sport and Art in Colchester. The club was first formed in 1983 and entered senior competition in 1985 where they enjoyed a degree of success, winning the Budweiser League Premier Division playoffs in 1988 and only failing to make the post season playoffs on three occasions before the team folded in 1995. They reformed once again in 2003 after a high-profile charity reunion match which featured TV presenter Dermot O'Leary. The Gladiators entered the BAFL the following year, gaining promotion in 2006 only to be relegated after just one season. The Gladiators went on to win the 2013 National League title after recording an unbeaten 13-0 season (including the play-offs).
History.
Team formation (1983 to 1995).
The Colchester Gladiators were formed in October 1983 by a group of friends at a time when American football first started to attract interest in the United Kingdom. After playing competitive matches during the summer of 1984, they were accepted into the American Football League UK for the 1985 season where they competed in the Southern Division. They finished second in their group, qualifying for the playoffs at their first attempt before losing their wild-card match against the London Ravens, who eventually became the league champions.
They transferred to the Budweiser League the following year, finishing third in their first season before winning the Premier Division Southeast Conference in 1987. After a comfortable win over the Cotswold Bears in the quarter-finals, they lost their semi-final to the Leeds Cougars. For the 1988 season, they competed in the North London & East Conference which they won with a perfect 10-0 record, scoring 526 points in their ten games, the second highest total in the entire league. They continued this form going into the playoffs, shutting out the Portsmouth Warriors in the first round before recording a 29–7 win at the Bristol Packers. They were then drawn at home to the London Capitals, who they narrowly beat by a single point to set up a final clash against the Brighton B-52s. They dominated this match, winning 47–28 to claim the divisional title.
Instead of taking promotion up to the National Division of the Budweiser League, the Gladiators' management decided to transfer to the Combined Gridiron League instead, where they competed in the top Crown National Division. Just as they did the previous season, they topped their conference with a perfect 10-0 record, conceding just 42 points. After defeating the Leicester Huntsmen, they once again faced the Portsmouth Warriors. However, they were unable to reproduce the previous season's result, losing a high-scoring game 36–50 and so ending a 25-game winning streak.
By this time, the Gladiators were attracting interest from local media, with regular radio coverage provided by SGR and BBC Essex. They also attracted large crowds, with a record attendance of 1800 - these figures were rivalling those of local soccer team Colchester United (who at that time were struggling to stay in the English Football League), so much so that they enlisted the help of the police to manage game day traffic and parking. They also received television coverage from the BBC and Anglia TV.
In 1990, they played one season in the National Conference Marketing and Management Association (NCMMA), who had taken over operation of the CGL's Crown National Division. They finished second in the Central Conference with a 6-4 record, and lost their first playoff match to the London Capitals.
The following year, they merged with the Chelmsford Cherokee, renaming themselves as the Essex Gladiators, and playing some games at Melbourne Stadium, Chelmsford and some at Gloucester Park, Basildon. They occupied the Cherokee's spot in the NDMA Coca-Cola League Southern Conference, where they finished third in their nine-team group with a 7-3 record, before losing their playoff quarter-final at home to the Nottingham Hoods. The following season saw them struggle, finishing bottom of their group after winning just one match.
At the end of the 1992 season, a merger was proposed between the Essex Gladiators and Kent Mustangs. However, this proposal fell through, and as a result the team name was returned to the original Colchester Gladiators. They transferred over to the British National Gridiron League and competed in the Premier Division Southeast Conference where they finished third out of four teams, thus finishing outside the playoffs. In 1994, they switched leagues once again, this time to the British American Football Association, where they played in the Midlands Conference of Division Three. They finished second in this group with a 7-2-1 record before losing their playoff quarter-final to the Chester Romans.
They were re-aligned to the East Midlands conference the following season, where they finished top with a 9-1 record. After beating their local conference rivals the Southend Sabres in their quarter-final, they were drawn to play away to the Oxford Saints, where they lost by a single point. Despite their success in the leagues, lack of sponsorship money and problems with a permanent home ground put the Gladiator organisation under extreme pressure and the decision was taken to leave the league set up. The club folded soon afterwards.
Gladiators reform (2003 to present).
In October 2003, the decision was made to reform the Colchester Gladiators to mark the 20th anniversary of the team's founding, and so a charity match was set up against the local university team, the Essex Blades. The team management managed to enlist the services of 50 veteran players, together with local TV presenter Dermot O'Leary, who played in the match as a Punt Returner. In front of an estimated crowd of 800 people, together with TV cameras from Sky Sports (who showed highlights of the match with interviews twice during their American Football coverage) and Anglia TV, and cameras from Heat Magazine and the Evening Gazette, the Gladiators dominated the game, winning 50–8 and raising £2,500 for the Barnardo's children's charity.
The Gladiators were accepted into the British American Football League, which they entered the South East Conference of Division Two. They finished third with a 4-5-1 record, missing out on a playoff spot to their local rivals the Essex Spartans. The club benefitted from the lifting of signing restrictions, enabling them to register a squad of over 60 players for the 2006 season. As a result, they won Division Two East with an 8-2 record ahead of the Norwich Devils. Unfortunately, the Devils got some revenge by defeating the Gladiators in a wild-card playoff.
Despite this defeat, the Gladiators were promoted to Division One after the BAFL was restructured for 2007. The club appointed a Youth Programme Head Coach as they sought to establish a long-term strategy. The team struggled at this higher level and they finished the season bottom of their conference with a 0-9-1 record, and so they were relegated back to Division Two South East for the 2008 season. The Gladiators finished the following season in second place after winning seven of their ten games. This was good enough to earn them a wild-card play-off match away to the South Wales Warriors, which they lost 12–21.
The following year saw them dominate their division, winning nine of their regular season games with one declared a tie after it was postponed due to a waterlogged pitch. Home victories against the Bedfordshire Blue Raiders and the Hampshire Thrashers in the play-offs saw the Gladiators qualify for the divisional final against the Leicester Falcons, and also guaranteed promotion to Division One. The final (played at the Keepmoat Stadium) was a high-scoring match, and was finally won by Falcons after Colchester scored a last-minute touchdown but failed to convert the extra point.
2013 saw the Gladiators finish with an unbeaten record in the regular season, finishing with a 10-0 record. After beating Bristol Apache at home, the Gladiators travelled to Southampton Solent, the only other undefeated team in the league, to determine the Southern representative in the National League Final. The Gladiators secured a 12-0 victory and went on to the final, where they beat the Gateshead Senators 33-13 to secure their first National League title since 1988. 
Ground.
During their first incarnation in the 1990s, the Colchester Gladiators played their home games at a number of different venues—this lack of a permanent home ground was one of the reasons cited by the club as a reason for folding in 1995. Since reforming, they had been based at the Broad Lane sports ground in Wivenhoe, which they shared with the local soccer team.
The stadium forms part of a larger sporting complex covering over , which was purchased from a private landowner in 1996 and developed in conjunction with Colchester Borough Council, the University of Essex, Wivenhoe Town Council, Wivenhoe Tennis Club, and the members and supporters of Wivenhoe Town Football Club. The stadium itself has a total capacity of 3,000 people, and comprises a 220-seat stand, covered standing for around 1,300, a clubhouse and bar, and parking for 150 cars. It is also one of only three American football venues in the United Kingdom to use a referee's microphone.
Though since 2010 the Colchester Gladiators have played their home games at the Royal Oak Stadium in Dovercourt which they share with the Harwich and Parkeston football team.
2013 saw the Gladiators return to Colchester at the Mill Road Rugby Club.
Other teams and activities.
In addition to the senior team, the Gladiators have run a youth team for players between the ages of 14 and 18 since 2008. The team play fully kitted football in the 9-a-side and 11-a-side categories. In the 2009 season, they played in the BAFL Youth's Central Conference, where they compete against the youth teams of the Birmingham Bulls, Cambridgeshire Cats, Norwich Devils, Peterborough Saxons, Tamworth Phoenix and the Redditch Arrows. They finished second in this division with a record of six wins, one defeats and one tie and qualified for the play-offs, where they lost 0–24 to the London Warriors.
During the early part of 2008 the Gladiators formed a Dance Team who perform at all the senior team's home games, as well as at club and other promotional events throughout the year. The Dance Team perform modern dance styles and are trained by a professional dance choreographer.
The Gladiators have also played friendly matches in other sports in order to strengthen ties with local organisations. In 2005, they played two challenge cricket matches against local teams. The first of these matches ended in a three wicket victory over Chappels & Wakes Colne CC, which included a three-wicket haul for defensive coach Karl Bourke. The second match ended in a heavy defeat to Frinton CC. In the 2006 close season, a number of Gladiators players joined together with a number of players from Colchester rugby club to play a friendly match at Harwich. After conceding an early try, they came back to win 25–5.
References.
http://www.colchestergladiators.org.uk/index.php?pageId=65

</doc>
<doc id="5933401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933401" title="Niklas Jonsson">
Niklas Jonsson

Niklas Jonsson (born 31 May 1969 in Piteå) is a Swedish cross country skier who competed from 1990 to 2002. He won the silver medal in the 50 km at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano. At that event, Jonsson started 30 seconds ahead of the gold favourite Bjørn Dæhlie. Soon Dæhlie caught up Jonsson, and they were skiing together for most of the distance. Shortly before the finish line, Jonsson escaped, but Dæhlie still finished 21 seconds after Jonsson, which was good enough for the gold medal. Jonsson remained second.
Jonsson's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was a fourth in the 50 km in 1999. His best finish was 3rd in four different World Cup events from 1993 to 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5933408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933408" title="Abu Dhabi National Exhibitions Company">
Abu Dhabi National Exhibitions Company

Abu Dhabi National Exhibitions Company (ADNEC) owns and operates the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre, which is the largest exhibition venue in the Middle East. It is part of an international venue development and business management company overseeing the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre, ExCeL London, the Al Ain Convention Centre, Capital Gate, and Capital Centre. It can also be referred to as ADNEC Group.
History.
ADNEC was established in August 2005 under a decree issued by His Highness Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, President of the UAE and Ruler of Abu Dhabi. ADNEC's initial task was to develop a venue that would replace the old Abu Dhabi International Exhibition Center and attract more meetings, incentives, conferences and events into the emirate . It had the broader goal of enhancing Abu Dhabi's image as a business, leisure and lifestyle destination.
Foundation partners.
Four international exhibition organizing companies, namely, IIR Middle East, Reed Exhibitions, CMP Information, and dmg world media, have signed up for long-term agreements for shows at ADNEC's Exhibition Centre. This Foundation Partner strategy helps maintain a mutual commitment to developing trade events and expanding Abu Dhabi's exhibition sector.
Venue portfolio.
ADNEC's venue portfolio includes the following:
Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre.
Located in the UAE's capital city, the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre was inaugurated in February 2007 by His Highness Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, President of the UAE and Ruler of Abu Dhabi. The venue has a diverse yearly calendar of over 100 events, such as the International Defense Exhibition & Conference (IDEX) and the World Future Energy Summit (WFES), the Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition & Conference (ADIPEC), Cityscape Abu Dhabi, and the Abu Dhabi International Hunting and Equestrian Exhibition.
In October 2009, the multi-purpose Hall 12 was fitted with a retractable tiered seating system, which when activated can seat almost 6,000 spectators and transforms the area into the UAE's largest indoor auditorium.
Al Ain Convention Centre.
Enabling works to double the capacity of the existing venue to are ongoing and construction will commence in late 2009 or early 2010.
It is part of the Al Ain Convention Centre district, which covers an area of , and is estimated to cost AED 3.5 billion. The project will feature three main public parks, a cultural centre, a four star hotel and conference centre, with a retail link to the existing venue. Work is also underway to link the overall development to the Al Ain road grid, via a boulevard.
Capital Centre.
Capital Centre is a mixed-use business and residential micro-city being masterplanned by ADNEC and constructed around the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre. Upon its completion, Capital Centre will comprise twenty-three towers, including six branded hotels, four commercial buildings, eight residential and serviced apartment complexes, and 5 mixed-use developments.
In October 2009, the 408-room Aloft Abu Dhabi opened, which is connected to the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre and part of the Capital Centre development. It is the first Aloft in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. Aloft is owned by ADNEC and operated by Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide. A total of 560 solar panels, covering a total area of , have been installed on the roof of ADNEC Car Park A, to provide 90 per cent of the hot water at Aloft Abu Dhabi. These panels heat water for the hotel's 408 bedrooms, 2 production kitchens, food & beverage outlets, hotel offices and the swimming pool saving an estimated 870 mega watt hours of electricity every year by making use of the infra-red component of sun light to generate energy. Aloft is the first hotel in Abu Dhabi to make use of such solar energy panels.
Capital Gate.
Capital Gate, part of the Capital Centre complex, is a 160 metre, 35-storey tower that's built next to the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre which incorporates a slanting-core concept to feature an 18-degree westward lean. It includes of office space and house Abu Dhabi's first Hyatt hotel. The tower is linked directly to the exhibition venue as well as a 2.4 km Marina Zone currently under development.
In November 2009, the tower topped out its central core and reached its final height of .Capital Gate is the house of Abu Dhabi's second Hyatt hotel – Hyatt at Capital Centre, a presidential style luxury five-star hotel, which has 189 rooms.
In June 2010, the Guinness World Records certified Capital Gate as the “World’s furthest leaning man-made tower.” The new record shows that the Capital Gate tower has been built to lean 18 degrees westwards; more than four times that of the world famous Leaning Tower of Pisa. Investigation and evaluation, which was made by a Guinness appointed awards committee, started in January 2010, when the exterior of the 160-metre (524.9 ft), 35 storey tower was completed.
The Capital Gate project was able to achieve its record inclination through a special engineering breakthrough that allows floor plates to be stacked vertically up to the 12th storey and staggered over each other by between 300mm to 1400mm, which allows for the towers dramatic lean.
The tower features other innovative construction techniques including the world’s first known use of a ‘pre-cambered’ core. The technique utilizes 15,000 cubic metres of concrete reinforced with 10,000 tons of steel. The core, deliberately built slightly off centre, has straightened as the building has risen, compressing the concrete and giving it strength, and moving into (vertical) position as the weight of the floors has been added.
Capital Gate was designed by international architectural firm RMJM. Capital Gate houses the 5-star Hyatt Capital Gate hotel as well as approximately 20,000 m2 of premium office space. Project management and handover of all the restaurants, show kitchens and foodservice areas were overseen by a Dubai based hospitality foodservice design firm.

</doc>
<doc id="5933428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933428" title="Benjamin Harrison Home">
Benjamin Harrison Home

The Benjamin Harrison Home, in the Old Northside Historic District of Indianapolis, Indiana, was the home of the Twenty-third President of the United States, Benjamin Harrison. Benjamin Harrison had the house built in the 1870s of red brick, and it had sixteen rooms. It was from the front porch of the house that Benjamin Harrison instituted his famous Front Porch Campaign in the 1888 United States Presidential Campaign, often speaking to crowds on the street. In 1896, Harrison renovated the house and added electricity. Benjamin Harrison died there in a second story bedroom in 1901. Today it is owned by the Arthur Jordan Foundation and operated as a museum to Benjamin Harrison by the Benjamin Harrison Foundation.
History.
Benjamin Harrison arrived in Indianapolis in 1854 in order to begin a career as a lawyer. In 1867, following his service in the military, he bought a double lot from an auction, on what was then the outskirts of town, on North Delaware Street, just north of present-day I-65. In 1874 construction of a house on the property began, and was completed in 1875, at the cost of $24,818.67 (equal to $ today). The trend for wealthier citizens of Indianapolis to move to the north side of town started with Benjamin Harrison moving his family to 1230 Delaware Street. When built, the property featured many elm and oak trees. Except for the time Benjamin Harrison served as United States Senator from Indiana (1881-1887), and his time as President of the United States (1889-1893), he would live at the home for the rest of his life. Benjamin Harrison would die in the master bedroom of the house on March 13, 1901. While running for president in 1888, Benjamin Harrison would issue campaign speeches to listeners on the street outside his home, in what were called "front-porch speeches". The front porch would not be built until 1896, 3 years after he left the presidency.
After Benjamin Harrison's death, his widow Mary Lord Dimmick Harrison owned the property. In 1939 Mary Lord Harrison sold the house to the Arthur Jordan School of Music (now located at Butler University as the Jordan College of Fine Arts), on the grounds that the house would always serve as a memorial to Benjamin Harrison. The Arthur Jordan School renovated the house, turning the second and third floors into a dormitory for the female students of the school, and making the first floor a museum. The Benjamin Harrison Home became a National Historic Landmark in 1966. In 1974 the Arthur Jordan Foundation once again renovated the house, making it a house museum. The Arthur Jordan Foundation currently leases the house to the 1966-incorporated Benjamin Harrison Foundation, in order for the latter to run a museum inside the house.
Structure.
The Italianate Benjamin Harrison House was built at 1230 Delaware Street from 1874 to 1875, using the plans of architect Herman T. Brandt. The red brick house has sixteen rooms. The bracketed cornices and three-story bay window are indicative of the Italianate architecture style. Interior features include an oak-trimmed walnut staircase, butternut woodwork, and parquet floors. Many renovations took place in 1896, which included electricity and the front porch.
Today.
Presently, the house is open for tours throughout the weeks. Ten of the sixteen rooms are open for visitors, all decorated in the Victorian style typical of Benjamin Harrison's time at the residence. 75% of the 3,700 pieces of memorabilia actually belonged to Benjamin Harrison and his family, and the books in the museum number 2,440. Besides archives regarding Benjamin Harrison, the house also features archives of the Daughters of the American Revolution. The front parlor is set to look as it did when Benjamin Harrison brought his new bride to the house.

</doc>
<doc id="5933446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933446" title="Königsbrück">
Königsbrück

Königsbrück (Upper Sorbian: "Kinspork") is a town in the Bautzen district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated west of Kamenz, and northeast of the Saxon capital Dresden. Königsbrück is known as the western gate of the historic Upper Lusatia region.
History.
First mentioned in 1248 the settlement arose around a fortress in the Bohemian crown land of Upper Lusatia where the "Via Regia" trade route crossed the border with the Margraviate of Meissen. First mentioned as a town in 1331, Königsbrück from 1562 was the administrative centre of a Bohemian state country ("Freie Standesherrschaft"), which passed under the suzerainty of the Saxon Electorate according to the 1635 Peace of Prague. In 1906 the Kingdom of Saxony had large proving grounds laid out for the XII (1st Royal Saxon) Corps stationed at Dresden, that after World War II were used by the Soviet Army and finally closed in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="5933447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933447" title="Time Zone (band)">
Time Zone (band)

Time Zone was an electro band headed by Afrika Bambaataa. Bambaataa worked with different musicians for each Time Zone project.
History.
The first Time Zone single was the 1983 electro song "The Wildstyle" which featured music from a German project called Wunderwerke based in Wactersbach in Germany. Rusty Egan came to see them in their studio on his way to Zurich to meet YELLO. Ian Tregonning was interested in their track "Sex Appeal"; Bambaataa was introduced to their music by Rusty Egan of Visage. The music was recorded in one evening as witnessed by Tregonning and was the first known use of a sampler. Samples of 'Trans Europe Express' by Kraftwerk and CHIC's 'Good Times' were cut into a drum and bassline created by Egan. The song became popular among breakdancers at the time.
In December 1984, Time Zone released their most well-known single, "World Destruction". A collaboration between Bambaataa, ex-Sex Pistol/Public Image Ltd. leader John Lydon, and producer/bassist Bill Laswell. The "World Destruction" single was arranged by Laswell after Lydon and Bambaataa had acknowledged respect for each other's work: 
Afrika Bambaataa: "I was talking to Bill Laswell saying I need somebody who's really crazy, man, and he thought of John Lydon. I knew he was perfect because I'd seen this movie that he'd made ("Copkiller"), I knew about all the Sex Pistols and Public Image stuff, so we got together and we did a smashing crazy version, and a version where he cussed the Queen something terrible, which was never released."
John Lydon: "We went in, put a drum beat down on the machine and did the whole thing in about four-and-a-half hours. It was very, very quick."
Bernie Worrell, Nicky Skopelitis, and Aïyb Dieng also played on the single, which was released by Celluloid Records on December 1, 1984. The track peaked at #44 in the UK Singles Chart in February 1985. 
Although this single did predate Run-DMC and Aerosmith's "Walk This Way", it is sometimes incorrectly referred to as the first rap-rock record. This is not true as Run-DMC had incorporated hard rock guitar into songs, most notably "Rock Box", in April 1984.
Although the song was critically acclaimed, Bambaataa put the Time Zone project on hold while he worked on other projects. In 1992, Bambaataa revived the project with the single "Zulu War Chant". Time Zone released a handful of singles in the early-1990s which were compiled in the 1992 album "Thy Will B Funk". In 1995, the band released another album titled "Warlocks and Witches, Computer Chips, Microchips and You". The album featured contributions from George Clinton and his P-Funk Horns. But neither album sold well, and Bambaataa retired Time Zone.
"World Destruction" was also featured in the first episode of the fourth season of "The Sopranos", "For All Debts Public and Private". The song played at the beginning of the episode as Tony gets his newspaper and again during the closing credits.
In 2005, Bambaataa again revived the Time Zone moniker for an album of breakbeats titled "Everyday People: The Breakbeat Party Album".

</doc>
<doc id="5933462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933462" title="Memorial Home Community Historic District">
Memorial Home Community Historic District

The Memorial Home Community Historic District (also known as Penney Retirement Community) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on February 3, 1999) located in Penney Farms, Florida. The district is bounded by SR 16, Caroline Boulevard, Wilbanks Avenue, and Studio Road. It contains 24 historic buildings and 2 structures.

</doc>
<doc id="5933468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933468" title="Marko Antila">
Marko Antila

Marko Antila (born 1969) is a Finnish film producer and director.
Antila studied in Tampere at the Art and Film School, working first for TV, where he developed his own music format. First directing at Finnish music television MTV3 for 2 years. During that time he made around 40 music videos. Marko Antila moved into commercial business in 1998 where he is well known for his great sense of humour and working with actors. Marko is a storyteller with good visual touch. Marko has won several national and international awards such as Cresta, Epica, Fab. In 2004, Marko directed the TV series "Pelastakaa sotamies Hytönen". This reality show followed TV personality Joonas Hytönen during his mandatory military service in the Finnish armed forces. Marko Antila has founded new company called Mjölk http://www.mjolk.fi/ together with Yrjö Nieminen. His new company makes TV commercials and feature films.
Mjölk's latest film prouduction is "8-ball" feature film (together with Blind Spot Pictures) . Director Aku Louhimies. Movie is based on Marko Kilpi´s book "Elävien Kirjoihin"
Premiere 22 February 2013. www.8-pallo.fi http://8-pallo.fi/

</doc>
<doc id="5933476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933476" title="William Leader Maberly">
William Leader Maberly

William Leader Maberly (1798–1885) spent most of his life as a British army officer and Whig politician. 
He was the eldest child of John Maberly (1777–1845), a currier, clothing manufacturer, banker and MP, who had made and lost a fortune in a lifetime.
He became a Member of Parliament, initially for Westbury (1819–1820), then Northampton (1820–1830), then Shaftesbury (1831–32) and finally for Chatham 1832–1834.
In 1831 he was Surveyor-General of the Ordnance and in 1832 Clerk of the Ordnance. In 1836, He was appointed as joint secretary to the General Post Office, where he strongly opposed the introduction of the penny post, a plan championed by Rowland Hill to charge a fixed price for postage (as is now the normal practice in most of the world). One of Maberly's principal secretaries during his time at the Post Office was the novelist Anthony Trollope, who later parodied Maberly as Sir. Boreas Bodkin in the novel "Marion Fay".
In 1865, the Canadian Post Office Department Secretary William Dawson LeSueur named the settlement of Maberly, Ontario in Maberly's honour.
He had married the Irish novelist the Hon. Catherine C Prittie (1805–1875) in 1830. Their only child William Anson Robert Maberly died at the age of 29 in the Isle of Wight.

</doc>
<doc id="5933477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933477" title="Composite Blocking List">
Composite Blocking List

In computer networking, the Composite Blocking List (CBL) is a DNS-based Blackhole List of suspected E-mail spam sending computer infections.
The CBL takes its source data from very large spamtraps/mail infrastructures, and only lists IPs exhibiting characteristics such as:
The CBL attempts to avoid listing real mail servers, but certain misconfigurations of mail servers can make the system appear infected (for example, servers that send HELO with 'localhost' or a similar incorrect domain.)
Entries automatically expire after a period of time.
The CBL does not provide public access to gathered evidence.
CBL data are used in Spamhaus XBL list.

</doc>
<doc id="5933481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933481" title="Cyril Dessel">
Cyril Dessel

Cyril Dessel (born 29 November 1974 in Rive-de-Gier, Loire) is a former French professional road racing cyclist, who competed as a professional from 2000 to 2011.
In 2006, he won the Tour Méditerranéen on the UCI Europe Tour. he eventually finished sixth. In 2008, he won the 16th stage of the Tour after being in a chase group most of the day, beating David Arroyo, Yaroslav Popovych and Sandy Casar.
Major achievements.
Grand Tour General Classification results timeline.
WD=Withdrew

</doc>
<doc id="5933484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933484" title="Königsee">
Königsee

Königsee is a town and a former municipality in the district of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 12 km east of Ilmenau, and 35 km south of Erfurt. Since 31 December 2012, it is part of the town Königsee-Rottenbach. 

</doc>
<doc id="5933489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933489" title="WBFB">
WBFB

WBFB (97.1 FM; "97-1 The Bear") is a radio station licensed to and operating from studios in Bangor, Maine. The station is owned by Blueberry Broadcasting and is a country formatted radio station simulcasting on co-owned WMCM and WBFE.
History.
97.1 license.
The 97.1 frequency has a long history in Bangor, signing on March 15, 1961 as WABI-FM, owned by the Community Broadcasting Service along with WABI (now WAEI) and WABI-TV. Initially a simulcast of WABI, on March 1, 1973 the station became WBGW, a country music station.
Community Broadcasting Service merged with Journal Publications in 1971 to form Diversified Communications; the company's broadcasting division retained the Community Broadcasting Service name until 1982, when WBGW was transferred to Diversified directly. The call letters were changed to WYOU-FM in 1986.
Diversified announced in 1993 that it would put most of its broadcasting properties, including WYOU and WABI, up for sale; while it would retain WABI-TV following the collapse of a deal to sell it to Vision Communications, the radio stations were sold to Bangor Radio Corporation. Two years later, the station adopted a modern rock format under the WWBX calls. The station eventually changed to a hot adult contemporary format. WWBX and WABI were sold to Gopher Hill Broadcasting in 1997.
WWBX was instrumental in storm coverage during the North American ice storm of 1998. It was Michael W. Hale who made the decision to suspend the music format and allow open phones and dialogue to help those with no power and to provide home-based entertainment. The station allowed listeners from all over central and eastern Maine to call in and share stories of prior storms, survival tips, and even just to let people know they were still waiting for power. Michael W. Hale (the morning host at the time) was so inundated with calls, the station effectively became a talk station for a time. The announcers, Les Newsome, Cindy Michaels (who later worked at WVII-TV), Ted Wallace, Dave Glidden and Rob "On The Radio" Rosewall kept people all over eastern and central Maine informed. Inbound calls for help and assistance were so many, volunteers came to the station to take calls and nearby states. The station than returned to its regular format after the power was restored.
In September 1998, the format was again changed to top 40, with an on air slogan of "B97". The station was an overnight success, giving cross-town rival WBZN the competition needed to spice the small market. Although the ratings were often close, jocks from both stations demonstrated the skills to provide Bangor with large market sounds.
Clear Channel Communications signed a local marketing agreement with Gopher Hill in early 2001; a few weeks later, it bought WWBX and WABI. The company announced on November 16, 2006 that it would sell its Bangor stations after being bought by private equity firms, resulting in a sale to Blueberry Broadcasting to 2008. On September 1, 2008, WWBX dropped the top 40 format in favor of sports talk provided by Boston's WEEI, in a simulcast with WABI; the call letters were changed to WAEI. The call letters were modified to WAEI-FM in February 2009 in order to install the WAEI call letters on WABI. Though WAEI carried WEEI's talk shows, most game broadcasts were not aired on the station. However, it was the flagship of the Maine Black Bears from 2008 until 2011, when it was replaced by sister station WKSQ (WAEI's AM frequency remains a co-flagship). 
Blueberry Broadcasting ended WAEI's affiliation with WEEI on January 11, 2010, replacing it with Fox Sports Radio, "Imus in the Morning", and "The Jim Rome Show"; Blueberry cited a breach of contract. The station swapped formats and call letters with 104.7 FM on September 1, 2011 and became country music station WBFB, in effect returning the format to the frequency after a sixteen year absence (104.7 became classic hits station WBAK the following February, leaving the sports format exclusively on WAEI's 910 AM frequency).
WBFB intellectual property.
The "Bear" country format originated on the 104.7 FM frequency (now WBAK) on September 20, 1996, replacing top 40 station WWFX ("Fox 104.7"); the first song was "Gone Country" by Alan Jackson. The change, which gave rival WQCB its first competition since WYOU-FM became WWBX a year earlier, came soon after WWFX was sold by Group H Radio to Star Broadcasting, a company owned by Mark Osborne and Natalie Knox (current owners of WNSX) that already owned WKSQ and WLKE; the format change was intended to minimize overlap with WKSQ's playlist. The WWFX call letters were replaced with WBFB on April 25, 1997 after the station attempted to obtain the WEBR call sign. Osborne and Knox sold WBFB, WKSQ, and WLKE to Communications Capital Managers in February 2000; that July, CCM announced that it would sell the group (which through other purchases also included WBYA, WGUY, and WVOM) to Clear Channel. Blueberry Broadcasting bought the station along with the other Clear Channel stations in Maine in 2008; on September 28, 2009, WBFB began simulcasting on WLKE and WMCM, replacing their separate country formats. (WLKE would change its call letters to WBFE in 2013.) WBFB moved to 97.1 FM, swapping with WAEI-FM, on September 1, 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="5933490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933490" title="Frederick Starr">
Frederick Starr

Frederick Starr (September 2, 1858 – August 14, 1933), aka Ofuda Hakushi in Japan, was an American academic, anthropologist, and "populist educator" born at Auburn, New York.
Biography.
Starr earned an undergraduate degree at the University of Rochester (1882) and a doctorate in geology at Lafayette College (1885). While working as a curator of geology at the American Museum of Natural History (AMNH), he became interested in anthropology and ethnology; and Frederic Ward Putnam helped him become appointed as curator of AMNH's ethological collection.
In this period, he became active in the Chautauqua circuit as a popular professor and, in 1888-89, as registrar. When William Rainey Harper, president of the Chautauqua Institution was named President of the University of Chicago, he appointed Starr as an assistant professor of anthropology.
Starr was the curator in charge of ethnological subjects at the American Museum of Natural History in New York (1889–91), until he accepted a faculty position at the University of Chicago where he remained for the next 31 years. He was an Assistant professor (1892–95), and he gained tenure the next year.
One of Star's most infamous incidents occurred while traveling in Mexico. Much like Lumholtz, Star traveled to the P'urhepecha community of Cheran, located in the Meseta P'urhepecha in the state of Michoacan. Unlike his predecessor, Star successfully obtained Amerindian bones, said to have been dug up in a nearby ancient burial, which he planned to take back with him to the U.S. It is worth noting that the inhabitants of Cheran were hostile to the idea of having their cemeteries exhumed and remained cautious of Star's motivation for visiting Cheran
In 1905-06 he made a careful study of the pygmy races of Central Africa, and made investigations in the Philippine Islands in 1908, in Japan in 1909-10, and in Korea in 1911.
In his collection of articles regarding the Congo Free State, 'Truth about the Congo Free State', Starr wrote:
Many a time... I have seen a man immediately after being flogged, laughing and playing with his companions as if naught had happened. Personally, though I have seen many cases of this form of punishment, I have never seen blood drawn, nor the fainting of the victim."
This is often cited as an example of the whitewashing campaign King Leopold II fared from 1884 to 1912, also known as the Congo Free State Propaganda War, as floggings with the chicotte were known and documented as an especially cruel form of torture.
Starr happened to be in Japan when the Great Kanto Earthquake of 1923 struck the main island of Honshū. In the absence of news from the devastated area, speculation about his safety was published in the New York Times. His plans to spend several months researching the vicinity of Mt. Fuji were not specific, nor was the extent of the quake area known. Reports that the area near Mt. Fuji were hard hit led to increased concerns. Worries were allayed when Dr. Starr's name was published amongst the list of survivors which was prepared by the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo. As chance would have it, Dr. Starr happened to be in Tokyo on September 1, 1923, when the earthquake struck; and he escaped to the relative safety of Zojo-ji, a famous Buddhist Temple in Tokyo's Shiba district in what is today Minato ward. A brief description from a letter to friends in Auburn, New York, was printed in the Times:
We went to the temple grounds, but at midnight, the priests took us up higher and higher to the innermost temple. Here on the topmost step, I sat till morning, watching the brazen sky beyond the slope meaning ruin to millions." 
Dr. Starr died of bronchial pneumonia at age 74 in Tokyo, August 14, 1933. Services were held at Trinity Cathedral in Tokyo. Amongst those attending was Japanese Premier Makoto Saito.

</doc>
<doc id="5933492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933492" title="Peter Huchel">
Peter Huchel

Peter Huchel (April 3, 1903 – April 30, 1981), born Hellmut Huchel, was a German poet.
Life.
Huchel was born in Lichterfelde (now part of Berlin). From 1923 to 1926 Huchel studied literature and philosophy in Berlin, Freiburg and Vienna. Between 1927 and 1930 he travelled to France, Romania, Hungary and Turkey. In 1930, he changed his first name to Peter and befriended Ernst Bloch, Alfred Kantorowicz and Fritz Sternberg. His early poems, published from 1931 to 1936, are strongly marked by the atmosphere and landscape of Brandenburg. In 1934, Huchel married Dora Lassel. The couple would divorce in 1946 and Huchel would marry Monica Rosental in 1953. Between 1934 and 1940, Huchel wrote plays for German radio. During the Second World War, he served as a soldier until he was taken prisoner by the Russians in 1945. After his release, he began working for East German radio and in 1949, he became editor of the influential poetry magazine "" ("Sense and Form"). After the building of the Berlin Wall in 1961, Huchel came under attack from the East German authorities and the following year he was forced to resign the editorshop of "Sinn und Form". From 1962 to 1971, he lived in isolation under Stasi surveillance in his house in Wilhelmshorst near Berlin. In 1971, he was finally permitted to leave the German Democratic Republic and move, first to Rome, then to Staufen im Breisgau, where he later died. The poem and song "Ermutigung", written by his friend Wolf Biermann in 1968, was dedicated to Huchel.
References.
Hilton, Ian: Peter Huchel. Plough a lonely furrow. Lochee Publications, Blairgowrie 1986.
Nijssen, Hub: Der heimliche König. Leben und Werk von Peter Huchel. (The secret king. Life and Works of Peter Huchel) Nijmegen University Press 1995. Königshausen & Neumann Verlag, Würzburg 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5933505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933505" title="Arturo Tizón">
Arturo Tizón

Arturo Tizón Ibáñez (born 25 May 1984 in La Vall d'Uixó, Valencian Community) is a Spanish motorcycle racer. From 2005-2007, he competed in the 250cc Motorcycle World championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5933511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933511" title="Judith Skelton Grant">
Judith Skelton Grant

Judith Skelton Grant (born 1947) is a Canadian writer, editor and biographer.
Grant is best known for her editing of collections by novelist, playwright, critic, journalist, and professor Robertson Davies, as well as her biography of Davies, "Robertson Davies: Man of Myth".

</doc>
<doc id="5933521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933521" title="Riding with the King (B.B. King and Eric Clapton album)">
Riding with the King (B.B. King and Eric Clapton album)

Riding with the King is a blues album by Eric Clapton and B.B. King that was released in 2000. It was their first collaborative album and won the 2000 Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album. The album reached number one on "Billboard"'s Top Blues Albums and was certified 2× Multi-Platinum in the United States. "Riding with the King" was also released on a DVD-Audio in higher resolution and with a in 2000.
The album was generally well received by reviewers, although some felt that it could have been better, and that the sound on the CD was too polished for a blues album.
Background.
"Riding with the King" was the first collaborative album by Eric Clapton and B.B. King. They performed together for the first time at Cafe Au Go Go in New York City in 1967 when Clapton was 22 and a member of Cream, but did not record together until 1997 when King collaborated with Clapton on the song "Rock Me Baby" for his duets album, "Deuces Wild". Clapton looked up to King and had always wanted to make an album with him. King said they had discussed the project often, and added: "I admire the man. I think he's No. 1 in rock 'n' roll as a guitarist and No. 1 as a great person." At the time of recording "Riding with the King", Clapton was 55 and King 74.
Clapton initiated the recording sessions for "Riding with the King" and included some of his regular session musicians on the album. He also chose the songs and co-produced the album with Simon Climie, who had previously worked on several of Clapton's albums. While this would appear to be a Clapton album recorded with King, Clapton gave King center-stage, who took the lead on many of the songs with his singing and his solos.
Content.
The album contains five "vintage" King songs from the 1950s and 1960s: "Ten Long Years", "Three O'Clock Blues", "Help the Poor", "Days of Old" and "When My Heart Beats Like a Hammer". Other standards include the Big Bill Broonzy-penned "Key to the Highway" (which Clapton had recorded in the early 1970s with Derek and the Dominos), Chicago pianist Maceo Merriweather's "Worried Life Blues", a cover of Isaac Hayes's composition "Hold On, I'm Comin' originally a 1966 single for Sam & Dave, and "Come Rain or Come Shine" from the 1946 musical "St. Louis Woman". The album's title track, "Riding with the King", is a John Hiatt composition that came about when producer, songwriter, Scott Mathews provided the lyrical content by recounting to Hiatt a strange and abstract dream he had of flying on an airplane with Elvis Presley. It is also the title track of Hiatt's 1983 album of the same name that Mathews co-produced but Mathews went uncredited as co-writer. The balance of the tracks were written especially for the album.
The tracks are a mixture of acoustic ("Worried Life Blues") and electric songs ("Three O'Clock Blues"), and vary from slow numbers ("Ten Long Years") to "mid-tempo stomps" ("Help the Poor").
Reception.
William Ruhlmann at AllMusic noted that "Riding with the King" is more about King than Clapton, and that Clapton's role on the album is more of a "supportive" one. He also noted that aside from King and Clapton's guitar, there are often two or three additional guitarists on each track. Ruhlmann said that the result is "effective", but "never really stunning". Dan Moos at PopMatters described the album as a "strong blues cocktail [...] with one part Mr. Clapton slickness mixed with three parts of Mr. King’s blues stature." Steve Futterman at Entertainment Weekly called the "father" and "son" collaboration "triumphant". Louis Gerber wrote in Cosmopolis that "Riding with the King" "goes directly to the heart and soul" and is a "refreshing and sensational album, the best in the popular music genre since the release of Santana's "Supernatural"".
Dave Ferman wrote in "The Spokesman-Review" that while the album was a "great idea well executed", it is not as good as it could have been. Ferman complained that, in his opinion, Clapton has never been a very good blues vocalist, that Joe Sample's keyboards were far too prominent in the mix, and that the CD sounded too "squeaky-clean, [...] antiseptic and clinical" for a blues album.
Nicole Bode wrote in the "Columbia Daily Spectator" that on the album, King takes Clapton "deeper into blues territory than he has ever gone alone". She said that King's presence draws out a "raw, growling" side of Clapton's voice that will surprise most Clapton fans. She was particularly complimentary of "Come Rain or Come Shine", on which she said King uses "a mournful vibrato so tender it almost breaks your heart". Bode also liked the call and response guitar and vocal duet of Clapton and King on "Hold On, I'm Comin', although she did add that Clapton's vocals are not of the same calibre as King's.
"Riding with the King" peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Top Blues Albums in 2000, and was certified 2× Multi-Platinum in the United States. The album also won a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5933531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933531" title="Maberly">
Maberly

Maberly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933553" title="Botryogen">
Botryogen

Botryogen is a hydrous magnesium sulfate mineral with formula: MgFe3+(SO4)2(OH)·7H2O. It is also known as "quetenite". 
It crystallizes in the monoclinic prismatic system and typically occurs as vitreous bright yellow to red botryoidal to reniform masses and radiating crystal prisms. Its specific gravity is 2 to 2.1 and its Mohs hardness is 2.
It occurs in arid climates as a secondary alteration product of pyrite-bearing deposits. 
It was first described in 1828 for an occurrence in the Falu mine of Falun, Dalarna, Sweden. It was named for its grape like appearance from Greek "botrys" for bunch of grapes and "genos" to bear.

</doc>
<doc id="5933554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933554" title="Paul Ferreira">
Paul Ferreira

Paul Ferreira (born January 7, 1973) is a Canadian populist politician and one of the first openly gay politicians elected to provincial office in Canada. He also has the distinction of being the very first Azorean-Canadian MPP. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a member of the Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP) in the February 8, 2007 York South–Weston by-election, but was narrowly defeated in the 2007 general election. He subsequently served as chief of staff to party leader Howard Hampton until Hampton's retirement from that position in 2009 and now works as a special advisor to current party leader Andrea Horwath. On Feb. 8, 2011, Ferreira was acclaimed as the Ontario NDP's candidate in York South-Weston in the 2011 provincial election.
Early life and education.
Paulo (Paul) Ricardo Branco Ferreira was born in the Azores on January 7, 1973. Along with his family, he immigrated to Canada in 1979. They settled in Brampton, Ontario. He attended primary and secondary schools in the Brampton area and went on to study and graduate from Ottawa's Carleton University. Ferreira is an honours graduate of Carleton University’s School of Journalism, where he received awards for academic excellence and community involvement. He speaks English, French and Portuguese.
Involvement with the NDP.
Ferreira's parents—Gilberto and Filomena—were active trade unionists, and he followed their example by becoming a United Food and Commercial Workers union steward at a local drugstore while still in high school. His union experience attracted him to the NDP. Since 1990, Ferreira has held numerous positions in the NDP. He was Vice President of Outreach for the New Democratic Youth of Canada from 1997 to 1999, he served on the Ontario NDP's executive from 2002 to 2004 and he was co-chair of the party's LGBT Committee for a number of years. He has also been active with numerous community groups.
Professional life.
Professionally, Ferreira served as the manager of member relations with the Canadian Society for Training and Development. He also co-edited the society's national magazine, the "Canadian Learning Journal". From 2001 to 2004, Ferreira was part of the management team at one of Canada's largest business intelligence firms. Previously, he was North American manager of public relations for a British-based multinational. He also spent two years as manager of communications and media relations for the North American Broadcasters Association.
Political life.
First election, 1997.
Ferreira got his start as a political activist in 1990 when he joined the New Democratic Party (NDP). After completing a journalism degree at Carleton University in Ottawa, Ferreira returned to Brampton and was the federal NDP candidate in the riding of Brampton Centre in the 1997 election. He finished fourth in the race.
York South–Weston federal election 2004.
In the spring of 2004, Paul Ferreira became the NDP's federal candidate in the west-end Toronto riding of York South—Weston. His main opponent was the incumbent Liberal member of parliament (MP) and former Municipality of Metropolitan Toronto chair Alan Tonks. The main issues in the election, and these were not limited to just York South–Weston, included anger over the governing Liberal party's Sponsorship scandal; Health care; and the first budget by the Dalton McGuinty provincial Liberal government, which included the controversial "Ontario Health Premiums" tax.
Despite the many setbacks that confronted the main Liberal campaign, Tonks won the election 
. Ferreira placed a respectable second. His campaign revived the NDP in York South–Weston and significantly increased the party's share of the vote in the riding to more than 21% (Tom Parkin, the NDP candidate in the 2000 election, received only 3.7% of the vote).
York South–Weston federal election 2006.
Subsequently, he ran again for the same federal office in the 2006 election. The election results were basically a repeat of the previous election, with Tonks finishing first and Ferreira in second place.
Toronto municipal election, 2006.
He was also a candidate for Toronto City Council in the 2006 Toronto municipal election, finishing second in Ward 11.
Ontario provincial by-election, 2007.
York-South Weston riding map from Elections Ontario.
The provincial riding of York South—Weston, which corresponds closely to the boundaries of the federal riding, at the time of the by-election was considered a Liberal stronghold. Historically, the York South part of the riding had been a CCF/NDP stronghold from the mid-1950s starting with Donald C. MacDonald to the mid-1990s with Bob Rae. After Rae resigned from the Legislature, the only NDP candidate that even came close to a victory was David Miller (currently Toronto's mayor, at the time a Metro councillor for Ward One), in the 1996 by-election.
The February 2007 by-election was necessitated by the resignation of former Liberal Member of Provincial Parliament Joe Cordiano, who resigned his seat in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the fall of 2006 to spend more time with his family.
At the January 13, 2007 York South–Weston NDP nomination meeting,Ferreira successfully ran against Brian Donlevy to be the Ontario New Democratic Party candidate in the February 8, 2007 by-election. As the party's candidate, he campaigned on the following issues: the $10 hourly minimum wage; the proposed Blue22 train to Toronto Pearson Airport; the recent wage increases to members of the Ontario Legislature.
February 8, 2007 was a very cold day, and that may have been a contributing factor in the low voter turnout. When the polling stations closed at 8:00 p.m., it took two hours to count the ballots and declare Ferreira the winner. At his victory party, Donald C. MacDonald (the former Ontario CCF/NDP leader from the 1953 to 1970 and local area MPP for almost thirty years), joined Ferreira onstage in a symbolic passing of the generational torch ceremony. One of the coincidences of this NDP election victory was, that it came almost exactly 65 years to the day, when the CCF first won York South, in the February 9, 1942 by-election. In that election Joseph Noseworthy won a surprise victory, similar to Ferreira's.
! colspan="6"|By-election, February 8, 2007
! colspan="2" style="width: 200px"|Party
! style="width: 170px"|Candidate
! style="width: 40px"|Votes
! style="width: 40px"|%
! style="width: 40px"|+/-
On February 19, 2007, Paul Ferreira was sworn in as the tenth member of the NDP caucus in the Ontario Legislature.
In the NDP caucus, Ferreira held the critic portfolios for housing, citizenship and immigration.
Ontario general election, 2007.
York South—Weston is not normally a reliable NDP seat, and the by-election had been marked by low turnout — as a result, going into the general election Ferreira was considered the most vulnerable NDP incumbent.
Ferreira again faced Laura Albanese, the same Liberal candidate as in the by-election. On election night, Albanese defeated Ferreira by a margin of less than 500 votes.
Ontario general election, 2011.
On Feb. 8, 2011—on the fourth anniversary of his by-election victory—Ferreira was acclaimed as the Ontario NDP candidate in York South—Weston for the 2011 election. He was once again defeated by Albanese.

</doc>
<doc id="5933558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933558" title="Parallax (disambiguation)">
Parallax (disambiguation)

A parallax is the difference in the angular position of two stationary points relative to each other from different viewing positions. Parallax may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933562" title="International Software Testing Qualifications Board">
International Software Testing Qualifications Board

The International Software Testing Qualifications Board (ISTQB) is a software testing qualification certification organisation that operates internationally. Founded in Edinburgh in November 2002, ISTQB is a non-profit association legally registered in Belgium.
ISTQB® Certified Tester is a standardized qualification for software testers and the certification is offered by the ISTQB (International Software Testing Qualifications Board). The qualifications are based on a syllabus, and there is a hierarchy of qualifications and guidelines for accreditation and examination. The ISTQB® is a software testing qualification certification organisation having over 200 000 certifications issued; the ISTQB® consists of 47 member boards worldwide representing more than 71 countries (date: March 2012).
Certifications.
Currently ISTQB® provides 4 levels of certification:
Content of the exams.
The exam for the Foundation Level has a theoretical nature and requires knowledge of software development - especially in the field of software testing.
The different Advanced Level exams are more practical and require deeper knowledge in special areas. Test Manager deals with planning and control of the test process. Functional Tester concerns, amongst other things, reviews and Black box testing methods. Technical Tester includes component tests (also called "unit test"), requiring knowledge of White box testing and non-functional testing methods - this section also includes test tools. The Expert Level is still in preparation..
Pre-requisites.
The Foundation Level exam has no pre-requisites. To take the Advanced Level exam, candidates need to pass the Foundation Level exam first and must prove professional experience (for example - the USA requirement is 60 months, India 24 months and Germany 18 months).
Exam.
The Foundation and Advanced exams consist of a multiple-choice tests.
Certification is valid for life (Foundation Level and Advanced Level) and there is no requirement for recertification.
Testing boards are responsible for the quality and the auditing of the examination. Worldwide there are testing boards in 47 countries (date: October 2010). In USA the corresponding organisation is the ASTQB (American Software Testing Qualifications Board), in Britain the Information Systems Examination Board (ISEB) is the local board, and in India it is the Indian Testing Board (ITB).

</doc>
<doc id="5933568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933568" title="Christian Hoffmann">
Christian Hoffmann

Christian Hoffmann (born December 22, 1974 in Aigen) is a former Austrian cross country skier who competed since 1994. He won the bronze medal in the 50km at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano. Four years later at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, Hoffmann finished 2nd in the 30 km freestyle mass start event to Spain's Johann Mühlegg, but was wrongly awarded the gold medal in 2004 upon Mühlegg's blood-doping disqualification of darbepoetin.
Hoffmann's best individual finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was a 5th in the 50 km in 2001. He also won gold in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1999 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Ramsau.
Hoffman also won two World Cup events in his career (10 km: 2003, 30 km: 2004). He and fellow skier Mikhail Botvinov also encountered controversy regarding blood doping in 2002, though both were cleared by the IOC on April 9, 2002. In December 2011 the Austrian Anti-Doping Agency (NADA) gave Hoffman a six-year ban for blood doping done from 2003 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5933588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933588" title="Cuddle up a Little Closer, Lovey Mine">
Cuddle up a Little Closer, Lovey Mine

"Cuddle Up A Little Closer, Lovey Mine" is a popular song. The music was written by Karl Hoschna, the lyrics by Otto Harbach. The song was published in 1908. From the Broadway musical "The Three Twins". The song has now become a standard, performed by many artists, including Julie London and Vic Damone.
Ada Jones and Billy Murray performed it as a duet.
In one scene in Friz Freleng's cartoon "Knighty Knight Bugs", the Singing Sword hums the tune of the song.
Billy Crudup and Sanjeev Ramabhadran sang an English/Hindi version of the song in Woody Allen's film "Everyone Says I Love You."

</doc>
<doc id="5933592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933592" title="Publius Decius Mus (consul 340 BC)">
Publius Decius Mus (consul 340 BC)

Publius Decius Mus, son of Quintus, of the plebeian "gens" Decia, was a Roman consul in 340 BC. He is noted particularly for sacrificing himself in battle through the ritual of "devotio", as recorded by the Augustan historian Livy.
Career.
Decius Mus first enters history in 352 BC as an appointed official, one of the "quinqueviri mensarii," public bankers charged with relieving citizen debts to some extent.
He served with distinction in the First Samnite War under Marcus Valerius Corvus Arvina. In 343 BC, Corvus, leading his army through the mountain fastnesses of Samnium, became trapped in a valley by the Samnites. Decius, taking 1,600 men, seized a strong point through which the Samnites were obliged to pass, and held it against them until nightfall; breaking through their lines, he re-joined the main body of the army, which had gained the summit of the mountain and relative safety. The army then swept into the Samnites, gaining a complete victory and the spoils of the enemy camp. For the rescue of the trapped army he was awarded the Grass Crown by both his own army and by the army he relieved.
In 340 he was raised to the consular rank as co-consul with Titus Manlius Torquatus, when they allied themselves with their former enemies against the Latins in the Latin War. When during his consulate, an oracle announced that an army and the opposite army's general both would go to their deaths, Mus devoted himself and his foes to the Dii Manes and mother Earth to give his army the victory in the Battle of Vesuvius, in which he was slain and the enemy annihilated.
The "devotio".
According to Livy, as the army marched near Capua, it was given to the two consuls in mutual dreams that the army whose general pledged himself and his foemen's host to the Dii Manes and Earth, would be victorious. Upon confirmation from the haruspices the two divulged a plan to their senior officers and their army, that they may not lose heart, for they intended that whosoever's wing should falter first, should so pledge his life to the gods of the underworld and the Earth.
Once the battle was engaged, the left wing began to falter and Decius Mus called upon the Pontifex Maximus, M. Valerius, to tell him the means by which to save the army. The pontifex prescribed the required ritual acts and a prayer (for which see "devotio"). After performing the religious ritual, the fully armored Decius Mus plunged his horse into the enemy with such supernatural vigor and violence that the awe-struck Latins soon refused to engage him, eventually bringing him down with darts. Even then, the Latins avoided his body, leaving a large space around it; and so the left wing of the Romans, once faltering, now swept into this weakness in the enemy lines. Manlius, conducting the right wing, held fast, allowing the Latins to use up their reserves, before crushing the enemy host between the renewed left and Samnite foederati at their flank, leaving only a quarter of the enemy to flee. 
The account of Joannes Zonaras has it that Decius Mus was rather a victim, a human sacrifice by one of his men.
He was the father of Publius Decius P.f. Mus, consul in 312 BC, 308 BC, 297 BC, and 295 BC and the grandfather of Publius Decius P.f. Mus, consul in 279 BC.
In popular culture.
At the behest of Franco Cattaneo, a Genoese businessman, Peter Paul Rubens created a series of eight paintings, modelli for tapestry weavers to recreate, commemorating Decius Mus.

</doc>
<doc id="5933596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933596" title="Nandana Sen">
Nandana Sen

Nandana Sen (born Nandana Dev Sen in Kolkata) is an international actor, writer, and child-rights activist.
Early life.
Sen was born in Kolkata, West Bengal to a Bengali Hindu family. She is the daughter of Nobel Laureate and Bharat Ratna economist Amartya Sen and Padma Shri winner Nabanita Dev Sen, one of the most prominent authors in the contemporary Bengali literature. Nandana Sen's first piece of writing was published when she was a child in the magazine "Sandesh", selected by Satyajit Ray. She spent her growing years in various cities across Europe, India and America.
Nandana Sen was born in New Delhi when her father Prof. Amartya Sen was teaching at the Delhi School of Economics (1965- 1971)
Education.
Nandana Sen studied literature at Harvard University, where she was awarded the Detur Prize in her first year for topping her class, and thereafter every year she also won both the John Harvard Scholarship and the Elizabeth Cary Agassiz Award for Academic Achievement of the Highest Distinction. As a Junior, she was elected early into the academic honor society Phi Beta Kappa. Subsequently, Sen studied Film Producing at the Peter Stark Producing Program at the USC Film School. She wrote and directed various short films, including her thesis film “Arranged Marriage” which was shown at multiple film festivals. As an actor, Nandana trained at the Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute, New York, as well as the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, London.
Professional life.
Along with acting in theatre and films internationally, Nandana also promotes the cause of child protection. Nandana is Smile Ambassador for the global children’s NGO Operation Smile, UNICEF India's National Celebrity for Child Protection and against Gender Based Violence, and Cause Ambassador for RAHI (India's first organization to break the silence about child sexual abuse). She collaborates with the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) as a Child Rights Expert and Juror for Public Hearings. Whenever possible, Nandana Sen has combined her commitment to child rights with her acting work. Nandana has been actively fighting to stop the crisis of child trafficking in India, both with organizations such as the NCPCR and the Terre des hommes foundation as well as addressing this topic in cinema.
Sen experienced her first taste of cinema while still a student when director Goutam Ghose tapped her to play the lead in his dark and disturbing psychodrama The Doll (Gudia) as one of the targets of a middle-age man's sexual obsession.
Her first vehicle in Bollywood was the Rani Mukherjee and Amitabh Bachchan starrer Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s Black (2005) in which she essayed the role of Rani’s 17-year-old younger sister. Sen gave a highly proclaimed performance in the lead role and the film was applauded by both audience and critics. Time Magazine (Europe) selected the film as one of the 10 Best Movies of the Year 2005 from across the globe.
After teaming up on a succession of projects with Indian directors including Ram Gopal Varma and Ketan Mehta, Sen signed for one of the principal roles in the jarring, terrorist-themed American drama "The War Within" (2005) and, in the process, both made a name for herself and began to cultivate a reputation for being drawn to offbeat, challenging, and demanding roles, often with a social or political theme.
In the anti-war film Tango Charlie, Sen played the female lead opposite Ajay Devgan (also starring Sanjay Dutt and Bobby Deol) and with Anil Kapoor in "My Wife's Murder. " Both of these movies did well with critics and audiences. Nandana followed this by signing lead roles opposite Salman Khan in the bilingual Hollywood-Bollywood film Marigold, and Vivek Oberoi in Prince, at the same time playing the protagonist in unconventional but acclaimed films such as Strangers and The Forest.
The British television series "Sharpe" increased her notability. The episode ‘Sharpe’s Peril’ featured Sen in a pivotal role. In 2007, Sen signed on to portray a young rebellious woman fleeing from law authorities in director Shamim Sarif's lesbian-themed period drama "The World Unseen". In 2010, Nandana starred in the Bengali super-hit Autograph, for which she was awarded the TeleCine Award for Best Actress and the Reliance BIG Bangla Rising Star Award.
Sen, whose professional choices have included a tenure as a literary editor at Houghton Mifflin Company, is also a screenwriter, and a published writer in multiple genres, including poetry, narrative non-fiction, and Op Eds. Her first original screenplay to be made into a film was Forever, funded by Telefilm Canada. She was commissioned by Divani Films to adapt R.K. Narayan’s novel "Waiting For the Mahatma" into a film script, and by Big Bang Company to write an original script focusing on a father-daughter relationship. Sen frequently contributes articles to newspapers and journals, and has also translated a book of poems by her mother Nabaneeta Dev Sen, titled "Make Up Your Mind" (iUniverse, 2013). Represented by Ed Victor Literary Agency, Nandana is writing a children’s book in verse, called "Kiss This Kangaroo!"
Personal life.
Nandana Sen was in a nine year relationship with producer Madhu Mantena. As of June 2013, she is married to John Makinson, CEO of Penguin Publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="5933609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933609" title="El Satario">
El Satario

El Sartorio, also known as El Satario, is the name of one of the earliest surviving pornographic films. It was supposedly produced in Argentina in 1907 and includes possibly the first use of extreme close-ups. Others date it to 1930s Cuba.
Summary.
Three young women are bathing in a river. This leads to them having sex with each other. Then the devil appears and forces one woman to perform oral sex on him. Then he has sex with all three.

</doc>
<doc id="5933618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933618" title="Simon Climie">
Simon Climie

Simon Climie (born 7 April 1957 in London) is a songwriter/producer and the former lead singer of the UK pop duo Climie Fisher
Biography.
Climie is the former lead singer of the UK pop duo Climie Fisher, together with Rob Fisher. The pair met when they were both session musicians at Abbey Road Studios. Climie Fisher had hits in more than 35 territories – and number ones in some – with "Love Changes (Everything)", which won an Ivor Novello Award, "Rise to the Occasion", "This Is Me" and many other songs.
After leaving EMI and the final Climie Fisher album "Coming in for the Kill", Climie signed to Sony's Columbia label as a solo artist, releasing an album called "Soul Inspiration" in 1992.
From the mid-90s Climie expanded to production, producing and writing songs for a number of artistes, including Eternal, Louise Redknapp, B.B. King, Michael McDonald and Zucchero Fornaciari.
In Climie's first couple of years as a songwriter, he had songs recorded by George Michael and Aretha Franklin, Pat Benatar, Smokey Robinson and Jeff Beck, which established him as a world-class international talent. Then, on the fringes of session work, he did the Fairlight programming for Scritti Politti's legendary album "Cupid & Psyche".
George Michael and Aretha Franklin's single "I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)" reached number one worldwide, including in the UK Singles Chart and Billboard's Hot 100 in America. Following this, Climie continued to have success with his songs, including "You're Not Alone", which featured on Amy Grant's "Heart in Motion", which sold more than five million copies worldwide – the biggest-selling Christian album of all tme.
Climie is also known for his Grammy Award-winning work as a collaborator with Eric Clapton on many Platinum albums, including "Pilgrim", "Reptile", "Riding with the King", "Me And Mr Johnson", "Back Home" and "The Road to Escondido".
During this time he produced Platinum albums for other artists, including Michael McDonald's renowned "Motown", "Motown II" and "Soul Speak". The latter featured collaborations with Stevie Wonder and Toni Braxton, while the Grammy-nominated "Motown" spawned the huge US hit "Ain't No Mountain High Enough".
In 2011 success continued with Climie's songs. Sara Evans was in the American country music charts for more than six months with "My Heart Can't Tell You No", and Chris Medina – who had already reached number one in a number of territories round the world with his first single – collaborated with Climie on his second single, "One More Time", and several songs on the album "What Are Words".
Together with U2 founder member Larry Mullen, Jr., Climie has co-written the movie score and theme for "Man on the Train" (2011 TriBeCa Productions film) in which Larry stars with Donald Sutherland 
He went on to work with Eric Clapton and produce a number of Grammy Award-winning albums for Eric Clapton, acting as producer and co-writer. Climie also contributed keyboards and programming to Clapton's "Pilgrim".
Climie also worked with Clapton, on Clapton and JJ Cale's album "The Road to Escondido", released in 2006. Apart from Clapton, he also worked with former Doobie Brothers member Michael McDonald on his Motown albums, and the other artistes listed above.
His latest project is the production and mixing of new Eric Clapton album "Old Sock", which shot to number one in the American Billboard Independent Chart in March 2013 after hitting number seven in the Billboard 200 
Personal life.
Climie is the son of David Climie, co-writer of the popular 1960s and 1970s television comedy series, "Oh, Brother!", which starred Derek Nimmo. as well as "Lulu's Back in Town" (see Lulu), the comedy series "Bootsie and Snudge", "Backs to the Land", "Wodehouse Playhouse", "That Was The Week That Was", "The Army Game", the sci-fi series "Out of the Unknown", the radio version of "Whack-O!" and the comedy film "Desert Mice". (See David Climie in IMDB)
Discography.
Includes songs and albums Climie has written, performed and/or produced.
TDF.
TDF was a dance act project featuring Climie and Eric Clapton, with Clapton working under the name of x-sample. "TDF" is an acronym for Totally Dysfunctional Family. The project released one album called "Retail Therapy" on the Reprise record label. The title supposedly alludes to Clapton's "addiction" to buying clothes. Eric Clapton states in his autobiography that he persuaded Giorgio Armani, a friend of Clapton's, to let them do the music for one of his fashion shows.
"Retail Therapy" track listing:

</doc>
<doc id="5933619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933619" title="Mount Makaturing">
Mount Makaturing

Makaturing, is a stratovolcano on Mindanao island in the Philippines. It is found in the province of Lanao del Sur (particularly in the town of Butig) in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao. Makaturing has an elevation of and a base diameter of . It is part of a string of volcanos called the Central Mindanao Arc.
Eruptions.
There is still some controversy on the number of times Makaturing erupted. The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology lists 10 eruptions with the last one occurring on March 18, 1882. But the Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanology Program, citing the "Catalog of Active Volcanoes of the World" (Neumann van Padang, 1953), suggests that some eruptions were actually those of neighboring Ragang volcano. 
Makaturing is one of the active volcanos in the Philippines. All are part of the Pacific Ring of Fire.
Trivia.
On May 18, 1947, Philippine Air Force (PAF) commander Gen. Edwin Andrews died with 16 others when the C-47 transport plane carrying them crashed in Makaturing. Nine years later, the PAF established an air base in Zamboanga City and is now named the Edwin Andrews Air Base from where the Philippine military launches air support operations in the ongoing campaign against separatists.

</doc>
<doc id="5933620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933620" title="Education in Mozambique">
Education in Mozambique

Education in Mozambique is organized by three main stages: primary education, secondary education and higher education. By 2013, the literacy rate was 48%. The largest and oldest university is the Eduardo Mondlane University, in Maputo, founded in 1962. Although having a national public education system, several educational programmes and initiatives in Mozambique are mainly funded and supported by the international community. According to USAID, as of 2009 Mozambique still lacks sufficient schools and teachers to guarantee education for the nation’s youth. An estimated 60% of adults still cannot read and write, with the illiteracy rate higher among women.
History.
Colonial period.
Prior and during the colonial period, native African education in Portuguese East Africa was essentially informal, with initiation rites within tribes the only formal element. Formal education was however provided by Koranic schools in Muslim towns, primarily in the north. These schools focused on knowledge of the Koran and Koranic Arabic. In areas of Portuguese control or influence, schooling was also undeveloped. From the seventeenth century, Portuguese and a small number of Africans received a basic level of education (and inculcation in Portuguese cultural and religious values) at mission schools in Portuguese towns, but many of the children of Portuguese or African princes were instead sent to Goa or Portugal for their education. The small number of educated Africans meant a lack of literate workers, the shortfall being made up in part by Indians.
A growth in the educational activities of missionaries from other countries prompted the introduction of various controls in 1907: education could henceforth be conducted only in Portuguese or the native languages, while schools and textbooks were subject to government approval.
In 1927, the class of "assimilados" was introduced, creating a separate class of Africans who were required to possess, among others, a fluent command of written and spoken Portuguese. This class remained small, however: even by the early 1970s, the literacy rate had reached only 5%. It has been argued that the Portuguese authorities deliberately withheld education from the African population in an effort to prevent the growth of an independence movement, and that education was provided to a select few in order to isolate them from the general population.
In 1930, the education system consisted of 47 elementary schools (28 government-run, and 19 Catholic) with 11,217 students between them, roughly equally divided between Portuguese and Africans; 186 rudimentary schools, which taught basic Portuguese to just under 30,000 Africans (with another 8132 in rudimentary schools run by foreign missionaries); and one secondary school in the capital, which was educating 164 Europeans, 26 Indians, 17 of mixed race, and one African.
Such education as was provided for the African population was strongly geared towards increasing their suitability for work: the Accordo Missionário of 1940, which set out the framework for the provision of education by the church, stated that rudimentary education was for,
The Portuguese did put expand educational provision towards the end of the colonial period: the number of schools of adaptation (successors to the rudimentary schools) rose from 1,122 in 1951 to 2563 in 1958. Education's share of the budget rose from 5.4% in 1964 to 9.5% in 1967. Even this, however, was still dominated by education for the white minority, and by 1962 still only 25% of the population had any education at all. In 1964 attendance was made compulsory for all children within three miles of a school, though the lack of facilities prevented this from being fully implemented.
The Frelimo era.
Frelimo took steps to provide education even before it started the Mozambican War of Independence. A school for Mozambican exiles was founded in Dar es Salaam in the 1960s, though by 1967 it still had only 150 students. The school foundered following the assassination of Eduardo Mondlane in 1969. 
As the organisation took control of areas of Mozambique in the 1970s, it promoted education among both children and adults. Literacy among women was particularly encouraged. By 1971 there were 20,000 students in the FRELIMO-controlled areas of the country, and 1.3 million children were in school by 1977. By 1978, the organisation claimed a nationwide literacy rate of 15%. However, the literacy drive suffered from a lack of trained teachers and from the practical need for many students to spend time on farmwork rather than in classrooms.
The subsequent Mozambican Civil War (1977–1992) also took its toll on educational efforts. Schools, as part of the governmental infrastructure, were a particular target of Renamo attacks, and the literacy rate fell back from 20% in 1983 to 14% in 1990. The situation improved after the end of the war in 1992, and in 1998 the UN estimated a literacy rate of 40%; however the rate among women was still only half that among men. Educational enrolment also showed a strong tapering at higher levels: in 1997 66.8% of primary age children were enrolled, 6.9% in secondary, and only 0.3% in higher education.
Primary and secondary education.
Education is compulsory and free through the age of 12 years, but matriculation fees are charged and are a burden for many families. Families below the poverty line can obtain a certificate waiving the fee. Enforcement of compulsory education laws is inconsistent, because of the lack of resources and the scarcity of schools in the upper grades.
In 2002, the gross primary enrollment rate was 103 percent, and the net primary enrollment rate was 55 percent. Gross and net enrollment ratios are based on the number of students formally registered in primary school and therefore do not necessarily reflect actual school attendance. In 1996, 51.7 percent of children ages 7 to 14 years were attending school. As of 2001, 49 percent of children who started primary school were likely to reach grade 5. At the end of 2003 an estimated 370,000 children in Mozambique were AIDS orphans. It is estimated that HIV/AIDS could lead to a decline in teacher numbers by 2010.
In 2007, one million children still did not go to school, most of them from poor rural families, and almost half of all teachers in Mozambique were still unqualified. Girls’ enrolment increased from 3 million in 2002 to 4.1 million in 2006 while the completion rate increased from 31,000 to 90,000, which testified a very poor completion rate.
Higher education.
History.
Higher education (HE) has never reached more than a tiny fraction of Mozambicans. In 1996, the country had only 40 HE students per 100,000, compared to 638 in Zimbabwe and 5,339 in the United States. The first institution was founded in 1962 and was upgraded to university status (University of Lourenço Marquez) in 1968. It was overwhelmingly white, with only 40 African students at the time of independence in 1975. Independence initially produced a huge exodus of staff and students, student numbers at the university falling from 2433 in 1975 to 750 at the renamed Eduardo Mondlane University (UEM) in 1978. At that time there were only ten Mozambican teachers, with staff from the Communist bloc filling many of the vacancies; the university at this time has been described as, “truly a Tower of Babel”. The percentage of foreign teachers at the institution has steadily declined since then, to 33% in 1991, and then 14% in 2001. During the 1980s, many Mozambican students attended higher education instead in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union.
To increase the number of qualified teachers in the country, a Faculty of Education at the university was established in 1980, but this was superseded by the foundation of the country's second HE institution, the Higher Pedagogical Institute (ISP), in 1985. A third, the Higher Institute for International Relations (ISRI), was founded to train diplomats in 1986. 
Partly due to the establishment of the private universities, student numbers rose from below 4000 in 1990 to almost 12,000 in 1999. Nevertheless, UEM and UP remain by far the largest HE institutions, with approximately 7000 and 2000 students respectively, compared to around 1000 each for UCM and ISPU.
Access.
There are almost twice as many male students as female (1.8:1 in 1999); this discrepancy is more severe in the government universities, where men outnumber women 3:1. There are also substantial class inequalities in access to education. HE students are disproportionately likely to have Portuguese as their native language, and are far more likely than the general population to have educated parents. The two main universities have markedly different catchment patterns: almost 60% of UEM students are from urban areas, and a quarter from rural areas, while for UP these proportions are reversed.
Until 1990, access to HE at UEM was guaranteed for all those completing secondary school. This changed with the introduction of entrance exams the following year. Demand for places now substantially outstrips supply: in 1999, there were 10,974 applicants for 2,342 places. This over-subscription generally applies only to the government schools, with the non-governmental institutions having roughly equal numbers of applicants and places.
Completion rates.
Completion rates at Mozambican HE institutions are extremely low. In the late 90s, only 6.7% of UEM students and 13.1% of UP students eventually graduated. Mario et al. have suggested that the difference between these two rates can be attributed to UEM's requirement of a final dissertation. They caution that the low proportion of students completing their studies can actually be a sign of success, as many students find work before ending their courses, and so do not feel the need to formally graduate.
Non-governmental institutions.
The advent of the non-governmental universities has prompted some controversy. They have been criticised for their motivations (financial and religious, rather than purely educational), and for luring teachers away from the state sector. Many teachers work part-time at the private institutions in addition to their government jobs, so it has been argued that the private universities do at least increase the amount of education which they are providing. As noted above, the new universities have also helped to increase the number of places available and the geographical range of provision.
Institutions.
Universities include:

</doc>
<doc id="5933621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933621" title="Bad Kötzting">
Bad Kötzting

Bad Kötzting (before 2005: Kötzting) is a town in the district of Cham, in Bavaria, Germany, near the Czech border. It is situated in the Bavarian Forest, southeast of Cham.
Overview.
Bad Kötzting has the charming character of a small town and offers quite a variety of attractions for tourists.
The locals pride themselves with having one of the largest mounted religious processions in the world, the "Kötztinger Pfingstritt".
Legend has it that in the year 1412, a man who got injured during forestry was asking for the last rites before dying in a village approximately away from Kötzting. The local priest was unable to comply with the wishes of the man because he needed protection from bears, wolves, and other dangers luring along the way. After asking the young men of the village to protect him, they accompanied the priest to the dying man. After a safe journey, the participants vowed to repeat the ride every year. That is how it remained ever since. Every Whit Monday, the ride of over 900 horses and riders is repeated. The horses wear ornaments and the riders wear traditional Bavarian clothes. The ride starts in Kötzting and goes to the village "Steinbühl", where according to the legend, the man asking for anointment, was dying. Only men from the region are allowed to participate in the procession, the participating horses, however, come from all over Bavaria.
The annual fair is also in town when the procession takes place. A local "Bierzelt" and numerous rides invite the public.
International relations.
Twin towns - Sister cities.
Bad Kötzting is a founding member of the Douzelage, a unique town twinning association of 24 towns across the European Union. This active town twinning began in 1991 and there are regular events, such as a produce market from each of the other countries and festivals. Discussions regarding membership are also in hand with three further towns (Agros in Cyprus, Škofja Loka in Slovenia, and Tryavna in Bulgaria).

</doc>
<doc id="5933632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933632" title="Every Little Movement (Has a Meaning All Its Own)">
Every Little Movement (Has a Meaning All Its Own)

"Every Little Movement (Has a Meaning All Its Own)" is a popular song. Its music was written by Karl Hoschna and its lyrics by Otto Harbach for their musical "Madame Sherry", which opened on Broadway in 1910. 
Since its publication, the song has become a standard, recorded by many artists, including Doris Day. Judy Garland sang it in the 1943 film "Presenting Lily Mars" and Peggy Cummins sang and hummed it in the 1947 film "The Late George Apley", based upon the Pulitzer Prize-winning John P. Marquand novel of 1912 Boston 
The song was sung in 1957 by Polly Bergen on her eponymous NBC variety show and by Ann Morgan Guilbert on an episode of The Dick Van Dyke Show called "The Gunslinger".
Marie Lloyd sang a parody of it in British music halls just before the First World War.
In Rick Besoyan's satirical 1959 musical "Little Mary Sunshine", the song is parodied in the song "Every Little Nothing", which employs the same first five notes and mentions the song by name.

</doc>
<doc id="5933633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933633" title="Samaritan Aramaic language">
Samaritan Aramaic language

Samaritan Aramaic, or "Samaritan", is the dialect of Aramaic used by the Samaritans in their sacred and scholarly literature. This should not be confused with the Samaritan Hebrew language of the Scriptures. Samaritan Aramaic ceased to be a spoken language some time between the 10th and the 12th centuries.
In form it resembles the Aramaic of the Targumim, and is written in the Samaritan alphabet.
Important works written in Samaritan include the Samaritan translation of the Samaritan Hebrew Pentateuch in the form of the targum paraphrased version. There are also legal, exegetical and liturgical texts, though later works of the same kind were often written in Arabic.
Sample.
Exodus XX.1-6:
Notice the similarities with Judeo-Aramaic as found in Targum Onqelos to this same passage (some expressions below are paraphrased, not literally translated):

</doc>
<doc id="5933634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933634" title="Forest Hill, New South Wales">
Forest Hill, New South Wales

Forest Hill is a suburb of Wagga Wagga, New South Wales. Forest Hill is located approximately 10 km east of the central business district on the Sturt Highway. RAAF Base Wagga, Wagga Wagga Airport and the Bureau of Meteorology Regional Office are located at Forest Hill.
Newer streets in Forest Hill are named after Australian trees.

</doc>
<doc id="5933670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933670" title="Alois Dessauer">
Alois Dessauer

Alois Joseph Dessauer (born Aron Baruch Dessauer; February 21, 1763, Gochsheim - April 11, 1850, Aschaffenburg) was a famous German court banker (Court Jew).
He was the son of Baruch Dessauer. He married Anna Elisabeth David, with whom he had 4 children: Joseph Dessauer (1793–1853), Georg Dessauer (1795–1870), Karl Friedrich Dessauer (1799–1845) and Franz Johann Dessauer (1805–1872).

</doc>
<doc id="5933689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933689" title="Jérémy Mathieu">
Jérémy Mathieu

Jérémy Mathieu (born 29 October 1983) is a French professional footballer who plays for Valencia CF in La Liga. Mainly a left back, he can also play as a central defender.
Club career.
Sochaux.
Mathieu started his career with the biggest club in the Franche-Comté region, FC Sochaux-Montbéliard. He made his Ligue 1 debut, during the 2002–03 season, in a league match against CS Sedan coming on as a late-match substitute. Despite being 18, he was inserted into the starting 11, and quickly provided an impact scoring his first professional goal in just his third league match in a 2–2 draw against Rennes. He made 23 league appearances that season scoring 4 goals, which included, excluding his first, an equalising goal against Paris Saint-Germain, and two game-winning goals against Nantes and Le Havre. His play, along with the team itself, was a main factor in the club finishing 5th and qualifying for the UEFA Cup.
Over the next two seasons, Mathieu continued his great form appearing in 63 league matches and scoring 6 league goals. He also performed well in Europe appearing in 14 matches and scoring 2 goals. He also helped Sochaux win the Coupe de la Ligue in 2004. His performances at Sochaux led to strong interest from Italian club Juventus, English clubs Newcastle United, Everton, and Southampton.
Move to Toulouse.
After announcing his desire to move to another club and only having one year left on his current deal, Sochaux agreed to listen to offers for the player. Eventually, he agreed to join Toulouse after agreeing to a four-year deal. He made his league debut for Toulouse against his former club Sochaux playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 victory. He continued this positive play appearing in 36 league matches and scoring two goals against AC Ajaccio and Troyes. The following season, he made 32 league appearances and score another two goals helping Toulouse qualify for the UEFA Champions League. However, both Mathieu and Toulouse had horrible 2007–08 seasons with Mathieu fracturing a bone in his foot, which forced him to miss half the season, and Toulouse finishing just one spot short of relegation. This led to Mathieu pondering his future with the Midi-Pyrénées-based side.
Transfer controversy and success.
Despite heavy interest from Italian side Roma and other Italian outfits, Toulouse refused to budge with efforts to get Mathieu to remain at the club. Mathieu responded by turning down a contract extension, which effectively allowed him to leave on a Bosman transfer at the end of the season 2008–09. Eventually it was agreed by Toulouse and Mathieu that the player would see out the season at Toulouse, after Toulouse turned down a €4.5 million move to Bordeaux.
Despite the ongoing transfer situation, Mathieu remained civil in regards to playing. He made 31 league appearances during the 2008–09 season, contributing to Toulouse's successful league campaign, as well as the team's success in the Coupe de France, where they were eliminated in the semi-finals by the eventual champions Guingamp.
Valencia.
On 10 June 2009, it was announced that Mathieu would be Unai Emery's first signing of the summer for Spanish giants Valencia after securing the left back on a three-year deal. The transfer came into effect on 1 July 2009. He made his debut for the club in a 2–0 win over Sevilla FC.
International career.
Mathieu has received caps with all of France's youth teams beginning with the U-15s. Though, he was a regular with the under-21 squad leading up to the 2006 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, he was not selected to participate in the event. He received his first call up to the senior squad for their friendly against Slovakia. However, he played with the second team, France A', who were playing Slovakia B.
He made his national team debut against the USA in November 2011 where he played 90 minutes.
Club statistics.
As of 27 August 2012

</doc>
<doc id="5933696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933696" title="231045-0637">
231045-0637

231045-0637 is a rock album released in 1979 by Kim Larsen, a Danish rock musician.
While Kim Larsen was a member of Gasolin' he released three solo albums, "Værsgo", "Kim Larsen og Yankee drengene" and "Starfuckers: Vogt dem for efterligninger". The three albums differ on some main points: "Værsgo" is sung in Danish with sparse orchestration; "Kim Larsen og Yankee drengene" is sung in English and recorded with American session musicians in Atlanta, and "Starfuckers" is a casual and jolly live recording. The three albums proved that Kim Larsen was a valid musician in his own right.
231045-0637 (his personal identification number) was his first post-Gasolin' release, and it became a big seller in Denmark and confirmed his status as one of the best Danish songwriters. All 12 songs are very strong and "Dagen før", "682 A", "Blip-Båt" and "Ud i det blå" are classic songs. The album (released in 1979) was recorded in Sweet Silence studios in Copenhagen and was produced by Nils Henriksen. The music on this album is unlike the hard rock of Gasolin' more poppish and is the start of the electronic sounds that would dominate his next records such as "Jungle Dreams" and "Midt om natten". Musically "231045-0637" is a combination of the music he made in the 1970s and the music he would make in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="5933700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933700" title="X2X (We Want More)">
X2X (We Want More)

"X2X (We Want More!)" is a 2003 single recorded by Brooklyn Bounce. It was the first single from their "X-Pect The Un-X-Pected" album. X2X is also the first release by Brooklyn Bounce since the two female members of the group, Alexandra and Ulrica, were replaced by new members Katie and Noreen. X2X peaked at number 37 on the German top 40 chart, but did not have a major impact worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="5933705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933705" title="Private Joy">
Private Joy

"Private Joy" is a song by American musician Prince from his 1981 album "Controversy", released as the B-side of the single "Do Me, Baby". The song describes how Prince will never reveal the identity of his secret lover.
In this bouncy disco-pop number, Prince explains that his lover is no one's but his. He sings about what they do together, and the times they share. He claims that he "strangled Valentino", and that she was "his ever since" and that she "belongs to Prince".
The song ends with guitar riffs and feedback from Prince, and segues into "Ronnie Talk To Russia!", the next track on "Controversy". These guitar sounds were sampled and used in "Orgasm", a song on Prince's 1994 album "Come".
La Toya Jackson version.
American singer La Toya Jackson covered this song for her 1984 album "Heart Don't Lie". Her single had limited release in Japan as a 7" single. Her U.S. hit single "Heart Don't Lie" can be found on the B-side.
According to Jackson, Prince's publishing company, Controversy Music, "approached me about recording songs of his that hadn't gone over too big the first time around. They submitted several songs and I picked 'Private Joy' because it sounded so up-to-date." Though "Private Joy" was Jackson's favorite song from "Heart Don't Lie", it was never released as a single outside Japan. Said Jackson at the time, "I loved the song and my record company loved it, but my father manages me and it was his decision to not release that cut."
The "Los Angeles Times" stated that "note for note, she matches Prince's intensity with her own hard-edged snap, crackle and pop."
Cheyne version.
Artist Cheyne recorded a version for the soundtrack of the 1985 film "Weird Science".

</doc>
<doc id="5933706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933706" title="Julio Camejo">
Julio Camejo

Julio Camejo () (born Julio Antonio Sánchez González on October 29, 1977, in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban Mexican actor and dancer. He has done several Mexican soap operas. He is best known for his role of Veneno in the telenovela Contra viento y marea and Francisco in Destilando Amor.
Personal life.
Camejo he has a daughter Sofia from a previous relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="5933707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933707" title="Limner">
Limner

A limner is an illuminator of manuscripts, or more generally, a painter of ornamental decoration. One of the earliest mentions of a limner's work is found in the book "Methods and Materials of Painting" by Charles Lock Eastlake (1793–1865).
Scotland.
The office of Her Majesty's Painter and Limner is a position within the Royal Household unique to Scotland. The position of portrait painter to the royal household is honorary and for life.
United States.
In early 19th-century America, a limner artist was one who had little if any formal training and would travel from place to place to solicit commissions.
Among colonial America's rising mercantile class, a limner was an unattributed portrait commissioned as a status symbol. The local landowners and merchants who commissioned these portraits posed in their finest clothes, in well-appointed interiors, or in landscapes that identified their position, property, good taste, and sophistication.
A late named artist who began in this genre is the Maine landscape artist Charles Codman, who in Eastern Argus (April 1, 1831) is described as an "ornamental and sign painter" or "limner" who practiced "Military, Standard, Fancy, Ornamental, Masonic and Sign Painting".
Canada.
The Victoria Limners Society was a group of artists working in Victoria, British Columbia from 1971 through 2008. They worked within a variety of artistic styles and mediums, such as painting, sculpting, pottery, and other forms of visual art. The artists include Maxwell Bates, Pat Martin Bates, Richard Ciccimarra, Robert De Castro, Colin Graham, Helga Grove, Jan Grove, Elza Mayhew, Myfanwy Pavelic, Carole Sabiston, Herbert Siebner, Robin Skelton, and Karl Spreitz.

</doc>
<doc id="5933716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933716" title="Types of road">
Types of road

Many types of road exist around the world, all of which are thoroughfares which can be used by motorized traffic. Roads are not necessarily available for use by the general public without permission, highways are available for by the public, although a toll may be charged. In places the term 'highway' is reserved for high capacity roads, in older English there was a distinction between 'highways and Byways'. 
Different terms are used in different countries for broadly the same design, although there are differences. For example Freeway USA, Motorway UK and Autobahn DE all of which are broadly similar. 

</doc>
<doc id="5933718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933718" title="Ethel Walker">
Ethel Walker

Dame Ethel Walker, DBE (9 June 1861 - 2 March 1951) was a British painter of portraits, flower-pieces, sea-pieces and decorative compositions. Her work shows the influence of Impressionism, Puvis de Chavannes, Gauguin and Asian art.
Early life.
Walker was born on 9 June 1861 in Edinburgh, Scotland, the younger child of Arthur Walker (a Yorkshireman) and his second wife, Isabella (née Robertson). Her father was from a family of iron founders. Her secondary education was at Brondesbury in London, where she was taught drawing by Hector Caffierti.
Following secondary school, Walker attended the Ridley School of Art. In 1880 she met fellow artist Clara Christian, and the two women began living, working and studying together. It was during this stage that she developed her strong interest in art (She attended Putney School of Art, and visited Madrid, where she made copies of Velázquez. She then attended the Westminster School of Art in London, where a then popular artist, Frederick Brown, was a teacher. Around 1893 she followed Brown to the Slade School of Art for further study ([http://www.glbtq.com/arts/walker_e.html). She would return to the Slade School in 1912 and 1916 to study fresco and tempera painting; and again in 1921 to study sculpture with James Havard Thomas.
Professional art career.
Walker produced a large body of works from different genres, to include flowers, seascapes, landscapes, and mythical subjects. Walker's influences included in Greek and Renaissance art, as well as Chinese painting and Taoist philosophy. She also took interest in the female form. 
Walker is best known for her portraits of the female form, paying particular attention to the detail of the sitters/models expression and individual temperaments. Her obvious, tactical brush strokes obscure unnecessary details, thereby allowing her to emphasize the aspects of the mood of the moment ([http://www.glbtq.com/arts/walker_e.html]).
In her painting, the "The Mauve Dress" (circa 1930), for example, the sitter's long heavy dress gives the appearance of weighing her down. The woman sitter rests her elbow on a piece of furniture while resting her face in her hand. The dress seems to sap the life of the sitter, who has a dreamy expression on her face. 
Walker was a supporter of the natural female form, often publicly rebuking other women for wearing makeup and heavy clothing that hid their form. Her models were never allowed to wear makeup, lipstick, or nail polish during sittings ([http://www.glbtq.com/arts/walker_e.html]). She painted a series of work that reflected mythological themes, and several works depicting nude female models. 
In one piece, titled "Invocation", Walker used 25 female models, all either scantly clad or nude, kneeling around 3 female models who are wearing sheer cloth (Birds are depicted fluttering overhead in the painting. It is considered her most detailed piece ([http://www.bridgeman.co.uk/search/r_results.asp?artist=Ethel+Walker&nationality=&title=&century=&location=&keywords=&image_no=&prefix=&drawer=&medium=&order=5&page=&view=2).
Walker's works throughout her career seemed to capture the human spirit while celebrating the beauty of the female body. Although no longer considered a major artist in history, the art produced by Walker, who died in London, did have a positive and thought-provoking impact on art as a whole.
Her art is regularly displayed in exhibits at many galleries, most notably The Gatehouse Gallery in Glasgow, Scotland ([http://www.contemporaryartgalleryscotland.net/index.html]).

</doc>
<doc id="5933728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933728" title="Krakow am See">
Krakow am See

Krakow am See is a municipality in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
It is situated southeast of Güstrow at lake Krakower See.

</doc>
<doc id="5933737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933737" title="Friaça">
Friaça

Albino Friaça Cardoso (October 20, 1924 – January 12, 2009), best known as Friaça (), was a Brazilian football striker.
He was born in Porciúncula. In his career (1944 – 1955) he played for Vasco da Gama, São Paulo and Ponte Preta. He won two Rio de Janeiro State Tournament (1947, 1952), one São Paulo State Tournament (1949, which has also top goalscorer), and the South American Championship of Champions (1948). With Brazilian team he won one Copa América in 1949, and participated at 1950 FIFA World Cup, playing 4 matches and scoring the opening goal in the title-deciding match against Uruguay, which Brazil lost 1–2.
He died in Itaperuna in January 2009, aged 84, of pneumonia related organ failure.

</doc>
<doc id="5933742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933742" title="Gordon Kennedy">
Gordon Kennedy

Gordon Kennedy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933760" title="Roger Freeman">
Roger Freeman

Roger Freeman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933768" title="Sylmar Converter Station">
Sylmar Converter Station

Sylmar Converter Station () is the southern converter station of the electric power transmission line Pacific DC Intertie which transmits electricity from the Celilo Converter Station outside The Dalles, Oregon to Sylmar at the northern outskirts of Los Angeles, California, USA. The converter station converts the 500 kV direct current coming from the northern converter station Celilo to alternating current at 60 Hz and 230 kV synchronized with the Los Angeles power grid. The station capacity is 3,100 megawatts.
History.
Originally mercury-arc valves were used as static inverter valves. The valves were series connected in three six-pulse valve bridges for each pole. The blocking voltage of the valves was 133 kV with a maximum current of 1,800 amperes, for a transmission rate of 1,440 megawatts with a symmetrical voltage of 400 kV against earth.
After the Sylmar earthquake in 1971, the static inverter station in Sylmar was reconstructed due to damage sustained.
In 1982, the power rating of the mercury arc valve rectifiers was raised by various improvements to 1,600 megawatts.
In 1985 two six-pulse valve groups of thyristors were added to increase the voltage to 500 kV per pole for a total differential voltage of 1,000 kV. In 1989 the station was extended on the field east of the highway (called Sylmar East Converter Station), where two new 1,100 ampere, 500 kV 12-pulse thyristor converters were added in parallel with the two existing converters, giving a total transmission power of 3,100 Megawatts (3,100 Amperes at +/-500 kV
In 2004, Sylmar East station was upgraded from 1,100 MW to 3,100 MW (rededicated as the Sylmar Converter Station in 2005). The controls and older converters, including the mercury arc valves, were completely replaced (in the same valve hall) by a single pair of 3,100 MW 12-pulse converters built by ABB. The upgrade was made to eliminate the environmental risks of mercury and to reduce the maintenance costs of the obsolete mercury arc valves.

</doc>
<doc id="5933770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933770" title="Baby Sister">
Baby Sister

"Baby Sister" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson, the final taken from her fourth album "Imagination". The single was released in a 7" format in Japan. 
"Allmusic" described the song as "too cute and overdone to be taken seriously" however "The Baltimore Afro-American" complimented the track as "new waveish" "ear candy".
The single is most notable for being a winner of the "Outstanding Song Award" at the sixteenth annual World Popular Song Festival on October 27, 1985 in Tokyo, Japan, where Jackson performed the song live with younger sister Janet on backup vocals. Jackson brought home a silver medallion and $1000 in prize money. The single includes an instrumental mix of "Baby Sister".
Janice Marie Johnson version.
The song originally appeared on Janice Marie Johnson's 1984 solo album "One Taste of Honey". Johnson is best known as a member of the band A Taste of Honey.

</doc>
<doc id="5933775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933775" title="Celilo Converter Station">
Celilo Converter Station

The Celilo Converter Station, built in 1970 and owned and operated by the Bonneville Power Administration, is the northern terminus of the Pacific DC Intertie, near The Dalles, Oregon, in the United States.
History.
The Celilo Converter Station was originally configured with six groups of six-pulse mercury arc valves with a blocking voltage of 133 kV each (for a total of ±400 kV) and a maximum current of 2,000 amperes.
In 1985 two six-pulse valve groups of thyristors were added in order to increase the voltage to 500 kV per pole for a total differential voltage of 1,000 kV.
In 1989 two new 1,100 ampere, 500 kV thyristor converters were added in parallel with the two existing converters, giving a total transmission power of 3,100 Megawatts (3,100 A at ±500 kV).
Until September 2001, the Celilo Converter Station was partially open to the public and included displays describing the history of DC transmission and the Pacific Intertie, but security concerns have closed this facility to the public.
In 2004, the mercury arc valves groups were replaced with light-triggered thyristor groups to eliminate the environmental risks of mercury and to reduce the maintenance costs of the obsolete mercury arc valves.
Related structures.
There was also a DC test facility for testing high voltage equipment nearby (now abandoned, soon to be demolished). At the end of the 1960s, a test transmission line for 1,333 kV was erected at in order to test equipment for this voltage, which was to be used for a planned HVDC from Celilo Converter Station to Hoover Dam. This line, however, was never built.

</doc>
<doc id="5933782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933782" title="Another Day (Solas album)">
Another Day (Solas album)

Another Day is the sixth album by Solas, released in 2003 on the Shanachie Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="5933791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933791" title="Hawker Aircraft">
Hawker Aircraft

Hawker Aircraft Limited was a British aircraft manufacturer responsible for some of the most famous products in British aviation history.
History.
Hawker had its roots in the aftermath of the First World War which resulted in the bankruptcy of the Sopwith Aviation Company. Sopwith test pilot Harry Hawker and three others, including Thomas Sopwith, bought the assets of Sopwith and formed H.G. Hawker Engineering in 1920.
In 1933 the company was renamed Hawker Aircraft Limited and took advantage of the Great Depression and a strong financial position to purchase the Gloster Aircraft Company in 1934. The next year it merged with the engine and automotive company Armstrong Siddeley and its subsidiary, Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft, to form Hawker Siddeley Aircraft. This group also encompassed A. V. Roe and Company; Avro.
Hawker Aircraft continued to produce designs under its own name as a part of the Hawker Siddeley Aircraft, from 1955 division of Hawker Siddeley Group. The "Hawker" brand name was dropped, along with those of the sister companies, in 1963. The Hawker P.1127 was the last aircraft branded as "Hawker".
The Hawker legacy was maintained by the American company Raytheon who produced business jets (including some derived from the BAe 125, whose original design dated back to de Havilland days) under the "Hawker" name. This was the result of purchasing British Aerospace's product line in 1993. The name is currently used by Hawker Beechcraft after Raytheon's business jet interests (Hawker and Beechcraft) were acquired by investors and merged.
Products.
In the interwar years, Hawker produced a successful line of bombers and fighters for the Royal Air Force, the product of Sydney Camm (later Sir Sydney) and his team. These included the Hawker Hind and the Hawker Hart, which became the most produced UK aeroplane in the years before the Second World War.
During the Second World War, the Hawker Siddeley company was one of the United Kingdom's most important aviation concerns, producing numerous designs including the famous Hawker Hurricane fighter plane that, along with the Supermarine Spitfire, was instrumental in winning the Battle of Britain. (During the battle, Hawker Hurricanes in service outnumbered all other British fighters combined, and were responsible for shooting down 55 percent of all enemy aircraft destroyed.)

</doc>
<doc id="5933793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933793" title="Charles Codman">
Charles Codman

Charles Codman (1800 − September 11, 1842) was a noted American painter. Codman, who lived his entire life in Portland, Maine, was known for his landscape and marine paintings.
Career.
Codman was apprenticed to the ornamental painter, John Ritto Penniman, where he began as a decorative painter with no formal training. He is classified as a limner. He eventually produced more mature works of romanticized landscape views. One of his more important commissions was to paint five fireboards (decorative panels placed over hearths during the summertime) in the landscape style for the Portland mansion of shipbuilder James Deering. He also filled commissions for both portraiture and decorative arts.
His work was "discovered" in 1828 by the contemporary art critic, John Neal (1793–1876).
Codman died on September 11, 1842 in Portland, Maine. He is buried in Eastern Cemetery.
Today, Codman's work can be found in various museums and institutions such as the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, the Brooklyn Museum, the Smithsonian American Art Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="5933796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933796" title="Kranichfeld">
Kranichfeld

Kranichfeld is a town in the Weimarer Land district, in Sachsen, preußische Provinz. It is situated on the river Ilm, 18 km southeast of Erfurt, and 16 km southwest of Weimar.

</doc>
<doc id="5933812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933812" title="Ain't We Got Fun?">
Ain't We Got Fun?

"Ain't We Got Fun?" is a popular foxtrot published in 1921 with music by Richard A. Whiting, lyrics by Raymond B. Egan and Gus Kahn.
It was first performed in 1920 in the revue "Satires of 1920", then moved into vaudeville and recordings. "Ain't We Got Fun?" and its jaunty response to poverty and its promise of fun ("Every morning / Every evening", and "In the meantime, / In between time") have become symbolic of the Roaring Twenties, and it appears in some of the major literature of the decade, including "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald and in Dorothy Parker's award-winning short story of 1929, "Big Blonde". The song also contains variations on the phrase "The rich get richer and the poor get poorer" (substituting, "e.g.", "children" for "poorer"); though this phrase predates the song, its use increased with the song's popularity.
Composition.
"Ain't We Got Fun" follows the structure of a foxtrot. The melody uses mainly quarter notes, and has an unsyncopated refrain made up largely of variations on a repeated four-note phrase. The "Tin Pan Alley Song Encyclopedia" describes it as a "Roaring Twenties favourite" and praises its vibrancy, "zesty music", and comic lyrics.
Philip Furia, connecting Kahn's lyrics to the song's music, writes that:
Critical appraisals vary regarding what view of poverty the song's lyrics take.
Nicholas E. Tawa summarizes the refrain "Ain't we got fun" as a "satirical and jaunty rejoinder" toward hard times. Diane Holloway and Bob Cheney, authors of "American History in Song: Lyrics from 1900 to 1945", concur, and describe the black humor in the couple's relief that their poverty shields them from worrying about damage to their nonexistent Pierce Arrow luxury automobile.
Yet George Orwell highlights the lyrics of "Ain't We Got Fun" as an example of working class unrest:
After quoting a few of the song's lines Orwell refers to the era as a time when "people had not yet settled down to a lifetime of unemployment mitigated by endless cups of tea, " a turn of phrase which the later writer Larry Portis contests.
However, others concentrate on the fun that they got. Stephen J. Whitfield, citing lyrics such as "Every morning / Every evening / Ain't we got fun", writes that the song "set the mood which is indelibly associated with the Roaring Twenties", a decade when pleasure was sought and found constantly, morning, evening, and "In the meantime / In between time". Philip Furia and Michael Lasser see implicit references to sexual intercourse in lyrics such as "the happy chappy, and his bride of only a year." Looked at in the context of the 1920s, an era of increasing sexual freedom, they point out that, while here presented within the context of marriage (in other songs it is not), the sexuality is notably closer to the surface than in previous eras and is presented as a delightful, youthful pleasure.
There are several variations on the lyrics. For example, "American History in Song" quotes the lyrics:
The sheet music published in 1921 by Jerome K. Remick and Co. leaves this chorus out completely, whereas a recording for Edison Records by Billy Jones keeps the reference to the Pierce Arrow, but then continues as in the sheet music: "There's nothing surer / The rich get rich and the poor get laid off / In the meantime,/ In between time/ Ain't we got fun?"
Reception and performance history.
It premièred in the show "Satires of 1920", where it was sung by Arthur West, then entered the vaudeville repertoire of Ruth Roye. A hit recording by Van and Schenck increased its popularity, and grew into a popular standard.
The song appears in the F. Scott Fitzgerald novel "The Great Gatsby", when Daisy Buchanan and Gatsby meet again after many years, and the latter forces one of his guests to play it for him. It also appears in Dorothy Parker's 1929 short story, "Big Blonde". Warner Brothers used the song in two musicals during the early 1950s: The Gus Kahn biopic "I'll See You in My Dreams" and "The Eddie Cantor Story". Woody Allen used the song in his 1983 film "Zelig".
In popular culture.
The song was sung by an off-screen chorus during the title sequence and concluding scene in the 1950 comedy, The Jackpot starring James Stewart.
The song was featured in the film "By the Light of the Silvery Moon" (1953), and performed by Doris Day and Gordon MacRae. Day and MacRae also dance to it in On Moonlight Bay (1951) — anachronistically, since the movie is set during the First World War, before the song was written.
British emo/post-hardcore band Baby Harp Seal's song "Eric Arthur Blair" incorporates lyrics from "Ain't We Got Fun?", as well as numerous references to George Orwell and "The Road to Wigan Pier".
It was used as a late 1970s commercial jingle for Little Friskies Cat Food.
It appears in the film adaptation of the novel from 1974, The Great Gatsby, directed by Jack Clayton.
"Ain't We Got Fun?" was used in a 2010 episode of True Blood, "Fresh Blood", as Eric Northman's ring tone.
Trixie Trotter sings the song in Episode 2 of "".
In season 15, episode 1 of "Law & Order: SVU" - "Surrender Benson" - serial rapist/murderer William Lewis (played by Pablo Schreiber) can be seen/heard singing along with the song as he drives down the road with a kidnapped Detective Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay) in a drugged/alcoholic stupor on the floor of the back seat.

</doc>
<doc id="5933819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933819" title="Woodrow Wilson House (Washington, D.C.)">
Woodrow Wilson House (Washington, D.C.)

The Woodrow Wilson House was the residence of the Twenty-Eighth President of the United States, Woodrow Wilson after he left office. It is at 2340 S Street NW just off Washington, D.C.'s Embassy Row. On February 3, 1924, Wilson died in an upstairs bedroom. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1964. The National Trust for Historic Preservation owns the house and operates it as a museum.
History.
The house was built by Henry Fairbanks in 1915 on a design by prominent Washington architect Waddy Wood. President Woodrow Wilson bought it in the last months of his second term as President of the United States as a gift to his wife, Edith Bolling Wilson. He presented her the deed in December 1920, although he had never seen the house. The former president and his wife moved into the home on Inauguration Day, which in 1921 was March 4 (not the current date of January 20). Wilson made several modifications to the house, including: a billiard room, "stacks" for his library of over 8,000 books, and a one-story brick garage.
It was from the balcony of the house that Wilson addressed a crowd on November 11, 1923, as his last public appearance. While the Wilsons had few guests, former British Prime Minister David Lloyd George and former French Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau did visit the ailing former president there. After Wilson's death in 1924, Edith Wilson lived there until her death on December 28, 1961. She hosted First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy for a brunch in the formal dining room. Edith bequeathed the property and all of its original furnishings to the National Trust for Historic Preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="5933826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933826" title="Patrick Neill">
Patrick Neill

Patrick Neill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933836" title="Krautheim">
Krautheim

Krautheim is a town in the Hohenlohe district of Baden-Württemberg, in south central Germany. It is situated on the river Jagst, 12 km (8 mi) northwest of Künzelsau, and 16 km (10 mi) southwest of Bad Mergentheim. The town lies in the border area between the Baden and Württemberg regions. Records from the year 1096 mention the area as "Crutheim", but the modern incorporation was approved during 1972-73.
Geography.
Geographical location.
Krautheim is located at the northernmost point of the Jagst river, at elevation , in southern Germany. The Jagst river, in this area, has dug into the limestone terrain of the Hoheloher Ebene. Characteristic of Krautheim is the view of the same castle visible from afar, which offers a 17 m high and up to 2.70 m thick shield wall (), as an impressive sight. The massive castle keep, with its height of , gives a comprehensive view into the Jagst valley and the surrounding landscape. 
City outline.
The current city of Krautheim is the result of administrative reform during 1972/1973. At the time, there was a merger of the formerly independent municipalities of Baden Krautheim, Gommersdorf, Horrenbach, Klepsau, Neunstetten, Oberndorf and the Württemberg-based communities of Altkrautheim, Ober- und Unterginsbach together. The area was named as the city of Krautheim. The towns have a range between about 60 and 700 inhabitants, and Krautheim itself as the central town has about 2,000 inhabitants.
Among the former municipalities, Altkrautheim, Gommersdorf, Horrenbach, Klepsau, Krautheim, Oberginsbach and Unterginsbach only belong the localities of the same name. The former municipality Neunstetten includes the village Neunstetten und the subdivisions Ölmühle und Untere Mühle. The former municipality Oberndorf includes the village of Oberndorf and the subdivisions of Knock (Kapellenberg) und Stockbrunnenwiesen.
Many sections have changed their names from the former villages. In the urban area of Krautheim are the municipalities of Stein, Windberg and Zimmerbach in the area of former Gommersdorf, Dacht in the area of the former Horrenbach, Nydelingen, Pichintal and Wellendorf in the area of Krautheim before the reform, Obererlenbach in the area of the former Neunstetten, Remenweiler in the area of the former Oberginsbach, and Mutzenbrunn in the area of the former community Oberndorf.
History.
There are several significant events in the history of Krautheim.
Politics.
Town council.
The Kommunalwahl of 13 June 2004 consisted of the following seats, as percentages of the town council:
Coat of arms and flag.
The blazon of the Krautheimer flag is: 12 horizontal stripes of black and silver, split from a red box above the left transept, containing the silver 6-spoked wheel of Mainz. The city flag is black and white.
The oldest known seal of Krautheim from 1473 shows only the Mainzer wheel. After Krautheim in 1806 became part of Baden, the city seal was first a clover leaf, from 1898, but again the Mainzer wheel in 1950, and the city with the Wheel of Mainz resulted in a red and green split shield. The current twelve stripes, of black and silver shield, go back to the arms of the former local nobility, and from them are the flag colors derived. The current coat of arms, which connects the wheel of Mainz, with the arms of the local nobility, was approved for the city on 5 November 1955, by the Baden-Württemberg Ministry of the Interior, who awarded the flag on 14 October 1971.
Economy and infrastructure.
Traffic.
Until 1988, Krautheim was connected with the Jagsttal railway web (Möckmühl - Dörzbach), to the national rail network. Today the nearest railway stations are located in Möckmühl, Schwäbisch Hall Hessental, Bad Mergentheim and Osterburken. The nearest motorway is the A81 (exit Osterburken). The next road is the B19, which runs through the neighboring town of Dörzbach.
Established companies.
The near-Künzelsau-based Würth Group is also of great importance. In Krautheim are also the company Wöhrle (metal goods factory) and Dometic Seitz (supplier of caravan and mobile home owner). The institutions are the Federal Association of Self-Help Association, the largest employers of the physically disabled.
Natural monuments.
The Krautheimer Kuharsch was created by a source, that has very hard water, and formed by sintering a channel whose bizarre form of the name of this natural phenomenon reflects vividly. The Krautheimer Kuharsch is a station on the "Path of Silence" in and around Dörzbach and is under protection. It is located about behind the exit of Krautheim towards Klepsau at the 1025th L.
Sports.
In the Krautheim section, the sports include a football club (TSV Krautheim), tennis (TSC Krautheim) and a volleyball club (ASC Krautheim). In Gommersdorf, the football club is VfR Gommersdorf (National League Odenwald) resident.

</doc>
<doc id="5933839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933839" title="Major League Baseball on TBS">
Major League Baseball on TBS

Major League Baseball on TBS is a presentation of regular season and postseason Major League Baseball game telecasts that air on the American cable and satellite network TBS. The games are produced by Turner Sports, the sports division of the Turner Broadcasting System subsidiary of Time Warner, TBS's corporate parent.
History.
Pre-2007: relationship with the Braves.
Atlanta Braves baseball games had been a local staple on Atlanta independent station WTBS (channel 17, now WPCH-TV; which, like TBS, was owned by Ted Turner's Turner Broadcasting System) since Turner acquired the team's broadcast rights in 1973, and subsequently gained national prominence when the station was uplinked to satellite in December 1976, becoming one of America's first superstations. Along with Chicago-based WGN-TV, WTBS was one of the few television stations that broadcast local sporting events to a national audience, with some even giving the Braves the title "America's Team".
When Major League Baseball was realigned into three divisions each within the American and National Leagues in , TBS offered Major League Baseball $40-$45 million a year for rights to another round of postseason games (presumably, matches from the newly created Division Series). Instead, Major League Baseball along with ABC and NBC formed a revenue sharing joint venture called The Baseball Network (which was dissolved after the 1995 season). Meanwhile, CBS was offering $130 million a year to renew its previous contract (a four-year agreement that began in and ran until ) before being shut out, as well.
In 2003, the Braves telecasts on TBS underwent significant changes for the first time in many years, reflecting an increase in the network's rights fee payments to Major League Baseball. In turn, national sponsors could fulfill their advertising commitments by purchasing ads on TBS, in addition to ESPN or Fox. In the process, Don Sutton and Joe Simpson assumed duties as lead commentators, while longtime play-by-play announcers Skip Caray and Pete Van Wieren had their participation on the broadcasts reduced. This was done in an attempt to combat criticism of Caray's on-air "home team" bias and to market its baseball coverage to fans of MLB teams other than the Braves. Meanwhile, the brand Braves Baseball on TBS was replaced by Major League Baseball on TBS. The move was strongly criticized by Braves fans, Atlanta area media outlets and Braves manager Bobby Cox. Over 90% of Braves fans who voted in an online poll conducted by the "Atlanta Journal-Constitution" preferred Caray and Van Wieren to the more neutral broadcasts. The move backfired, and ratings for the TBS broadcasts declined sharply. After that year's All-Star break, TBS brought back Caray and Van Wieren to work with the two analysts, while broadcasts reverted to the "Braves Baseball on TBS" brand the following year.
2007–2013: Going national.
On July 11, 2006, TBS signed an agreement with Major League Baseball which earned the network exclusive rights to all Division Series playoff games, one of the League Championship Series, as well as rights to the "All-Star Selection Show" held in late June or early July, from 2007 to 2013. A national Sunday afternoon baseball package was also planned starting with the 2008 season. As a part of the deal, the Turner Broadcasting System management decided to relegate Braves game telecasts to air locally within the Atlanta market. On October 1, 2007, the Turner Broadcasting System severed the ties between WTBS and the TBS cable channel, converting the Atlanta station into an in-market independent station that assumed the call letters WPCH-TV, branding on-air as "Peachtree TV".
Along with this, Comcast and other cable providers within the Atlanta market began carrying the national TBS feed for the first time. WPCH-TV continued to air Braves games, but they were only broadcast within the team's designated market area and throughout Canada; in the latter case, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission never allowed the TBS cable feed to be eligible for carriage on Canadian cable and satellite providers as a superstation, only giving permission for the Atlanta area signal (whose programming largely overlapped with the national version of the channel outside of public affairs and E/I-compliant programming seen only on WTBS). WPCH would lose television rights to the Braves after 40 years in 2013, when Fox Sports South – which took over production responsibilities for the games from Turner Sports after the Meredith Corporation, owner of Atlanta's CBS affiliate WGCL-TV (channel 46), assumed WPCH's operations through a local marketing agreement formed in 2011 – acquired the regional television rights to the station's 45-game package beginning with the 2014 season. Although the channel is not available in the country, TBS's game broadcasts are carried in Canada on Sportsnet. All games include a Spanish language play-by-play feed that is transmitted via the SAP audio channel.
Since TBS assumed rights to the regular season package, several contests that have aired on the network have featured the Braves. On October 7, 2010, TBS carried its first Braves postseason game since the package began: Game 1 of the National League Division Series against the San Francisco Giants (a 1-0 win for the Giants).
On the July 2, 2011 edition of the "CBS Sports Spectacular", TBS's Atlanta-based Major League Baseball studio crew of Matt Winer, Dennis Eckersley, Cal Ripken, Jr. and David Wells presented a 2011 Major League Baseball midseason report. This was followed by "MLB 2011: Down the Stretch", which aired on September 24. CBS Sports and Turner Sports have in the past, partnered together to provide coverage of the "NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament" and the Winter Olympics in 1992, 1994 and 1998. On August 29, 2012, "The New York Times" reported that CBS and TBS may strike a potential alliance for a Major League Baseball television contract effective with the 2014 season. According to the report, CBS “would most likely want only the All-Star Game and World Series,” an arrangement almost similar to the one NBC had with Major League Baseball from 1996-2000.
For the 2012 and 2013 seasons, TBS was awarded the rights to televise both Wild Card Playoff games that occur the day before the Division Series games. In exchange, MLB Network was awarded the rights to televise two Division Series games, rights that previously belonged to TBS. TBS retains the right to air any tie-breaker games to determine the team that moves onto a Wild Card Playoff game which are considered part of the regular season; this occurred in 2013 with a match between the Tampa Bay Rays and Texas Rangers.
Terms of 2014–2021 contract.
On September 19, 2012, "Sports Business Daily" reported that Major League Baseball would agree to separate eight-year television deals with Fox Sports and Turner Sports through the 2021 season. Fox would reportedly pay around $4 billion over eight years (close to $500 million per year) while Turner would pay around $2.8 billion over eight years (more than $300 million per year). Under the new deals, both Fox and TBS' coverage will essentially be the same as under the terms of the 2007 to 2013 contract with the major difference being that Fox and TBS will split coverage of the Division Series, which TBS has broadcast exclusively dating back to 2007. More importantly, Fox will carry some of the games (such as the Saturday afternoon "Game of the Week") on its new national sports network Fox Sports 1, effective with the 2014 season.
The new deal between Major League Baseball and TBS was officially confirmed on October 2, 2012. Under the deal:
Scheduling.
TBS typically begins game coverage with the pregame show "MLB on Deck", followed about 38 minutes later by the first pitch of the first game. Each day's coverage ends with "Inside MLB" (which is formatted similarly to sister network TNT's "Inside the NBA"). TBS does not show commercial breaks after the third and sixth innings (and also after the ninth inning, if the game goes into extra innings). Instead, it airs a "Game Break" allowing the studio host and analysts more airtime (similar to what is done for British television coverage of an American sporting event). The studio shows originate from Studio J at Turner Sports's headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia, which is also used for TNT's NBA coverage.
Regular season.
During the regular season, TBS broadcasts a weekly game nationally on Sunday afternoons, under the title "Sunday MLB on TBS". These games are not exclusive to TBS and are blacked out in local markets to protect broadcast stations, national sports cable channels and regional sports networks that hold the local broadcast rights to the games (simulcasts of programming from sister network HLN air in place of the games in the affected areas). Under the deal, TBS can show an alternate game in those markets, but the network has elected not to do so thus far. Also, despite initial reports that TBS would carry games on Memorial Day, Independence Day and Labor Day, these holiday games are not part of the contract. For many years, games on these holidays were shown on ESPN, but that network has discontinued them (with the occasional exception of when they fall into the regular Sunday/Monday/Wednesday night slots) in favor of other live sports events.
TBS released a partial schedule of its inaugural slate of Sunday games on February 27, 2008. More games would be added as the season progressed, generally two weeks before each telecast date. TBS has the second pick of game after ESPN.
Consequently, due to its non-exclusivity, highlights of a scheduled game aired on "MLB on TBS" were not shown on the ESPN baseball highlight show "Baseball Tonight"; instead local broadcasts of the scheduled game were shown. However, highlights of an "MLB on TBS" game did air on the "MLB on Fox" weekly program "This Week in Baseball" (until it was canceled in 2011), as well as "MLB Tonight" on the MLB Network.
Postseason.
Before the postseason, TBS will air any tie-breaker games for divisional or Wild Card championships. Should multiple tie-breaking games be played, or if multiple Division Series games are going on at the same time, those additional games air on TBS' sister network, TNT. However, games between the New York Yankees and the Boston Red Sox are subject to be moved to Fox.
All games in the Division Series round are presented back-to-back, with each game scheduled for a 3½-hour window. If a game exceeds this window, the first pitch of the next game will be switched to TNT. If a game ends within 3½ hours, the studio team will return to provide post-game commentary to pad out the remainder of the timeslot. TBS' League Championship Series coverage will alternate yearly. In 2007, TBS moved the starts of four games to TNT during the Division Series round as the previous games exceeded the time limit. TNT was also scheduled to air Game 4 of the Diamondbacks–Cubs series, which overlapped with Game 3 of the Red Sox–Angels series, but the former game was not played; the night before, the Diamondbacks completed a three-game sweep of the Cubs.
TNT was scheduled to air three entire Division Series games in due to conflicts with TBS. On October 1, it aired Game 2 of the Tampa Bay Rays-Texas Rangers series at 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time, which overlapped with the end of Game 1 of the St. Louis Cardinals-Philadelphia Phillies series and the continuation of Game 1 of the Detroit Tigers-New York Yankees series on TBS (the latter was also to have been Game 2, but Game 1 was suspended after 1½ innings due to rain). On October 2, it aired the rescheduled Game 2 between the Tigers and the Yankees at 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time, two hours before Game 2 of the series between the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Milwaukee Brewers on TBS. On October 4, it aired Game 3 of the Diamondbacks-Brewers series at 9:30 p.m. Eastern Time, one hour after Game 3 of the Tigers-Yankees series started on TBS. Initially, TNT was not scheduled to air a Division Series game in , due to the MLB Network taking over select broadcasts, but on October 7, the Game 2 match between the Cincinnati Reds and the San Francisco Giants, scheduled to start at 9:30 p.m. Eastern Time, was moved to TNT because of a two-hour rain delay before the start of Game 1 of the New York Yankees-Baltimore Orioles game, which started at 8:40 p.m. Eastern Time. The final two games of the Detroit Tigers-Oakland Athletics series were aired in their entirety on TNT due to scheduling conflicts with the Yankees-Orioles series, which aired on TBS due to its higher profile.
Criticism of TBS' coverage.
TBS's coverage has been met with criticism by some observers. As with TNT's NBA playoff coverage, MLB playoff games on TBS are not made available to local broadcast television stations in the participating teams' designated market areas. Under the previous contract, ESPN was required to make those games available over-the-air in these local markets.
Following the Philadelphia Phillies' victory in the 2009 NLCS, studio host Ernie Johnson went to the podium to present the championship trophy. Upon announcing what a pleasure it was for TBS to cover the series, the Philadelphia fans responded with a heavy barrage of boos, to which Johnson quipped "why, thank you".
Fans of the Pittsburgh Pirates, which in 2013, had its first winning season as well as its postseason appearance since 1992, took TBS to task for not broadcasting the traditional pre-game player introductions, "The Star-Spangled Banner", or ceremonial first pitch during their coverage of the National League Wild Card playoff game against the Cincinnati Reds.
Commentators.
Some sports media critics were critical of the announcers used in the coverage as being more skewed towards the National League than the American League, along with the choice of Chip Caray (who along the way, was criticized for making factual mistakes during postseason broadcasts) as the lead voice of the network's coverage, as he had only done Braves baseball telecasts during the 2007 season before TBS assumed rights to playoff coverage. In response to such criticisms, Caray said, "It wasn't the job that I had when I came here in the first place. It would be like being a pinch-hitter or being a relief pitcher that works once every ten days. I'm better when I work more." TBS and Caray parted ways following the 2009 playoffs. Ernie Johnson, Jr., Dick Stockton and Brian Anderson began handling play-by-play duties in his place.
Besides that of Caray, Dick Stockton's performance has in particular, been subject to criticism. Stockton for instance, during the 2013 NLDS (St. Louis vs. Pittsburgh) was cited as often misidentifying players, generally appearing confused at times, and never having hosting chemistry with his analyst Bob Brenly. Meanwhile, Joe Simpson, who was only holdover from the "Braves TBS Baseball" days has been accused of not really adding anything to the booth and often deferring to John Smoltz during their time together on the 2013 Boston-Tampa Bay series.
Technical difficulties and other graphical miscues.
TBS was unable to air most of the first inning of Game 6 of the 2008 American League Championship Series, airing a rerun of "The Steve Harvey Show" (which TBS held rights to at the time) in its place. TBS began airing the game just prior to the last out in the bottom of the first, with announcer Chip Caray apologizing to viewers for "technical difficulties." TBS acknowledged there was a problem with one of the routers used in the broadcast transmission of the relay of the telecast from Atlanta.
During the network's coverage of Game 1 of the 2011 American League Division Series between the Texas Rangers and Tampa Bay Rays, TBS was alleged to have featured doctored headlines with incorrect attributions. On October 1, during the middle of an at-bat during Game 1 of the 2011 ALDS between the New York Yankees and Detroit Tigers, TBS suddenly cut to an ALDS game between the Tampa Bay Rays and the Texas Rangers, which was airing on TNT for about 14 seconds. Moments later (as TBS was coming out of a replay and showing the Tigers' dugout), cameras missed Yankees right fielder Nick Swisher making a diving catch (instead showing Yankees pitcher Iván Nova walking off the mound and pumping his fist).
TBS has also been criticized for placing the center-field camera precisely in the center. Therefore, every time a pitcher began his windup, his head would block the view of home plate.
During the 2012 American League playoffs, TBS was criticized for their graphics and game preview packages. At the start of their coverage of the American League Wild Card Game between the Baltimore Orioles and Texas Rangers, a graphical snafu resulted in Cal Ripken, Jr., who was calling the game with Ernie Johnson, Jr. and John Smoltz, being credited as "Carl Ripken, Jr.". During their pre-game breakdown of Baltimore pitcher Miguel González at the start of Game 3 of the American League Division Series between the Orioles and New York Yankees, TBS jokingly showed a graphic asking "Who is Miguel Gonzalez?" with an arrow pointing to his photo with the simple reply of "This guy". During Game 1 of the American League Championship Series between the New York Yankees and Detroit Tigers, TBS showed a graphic depicting players who played in the postseason before the age of 24 and after the age of 40. In the graphic, Willie Mays' name was misspelled as "Willie Mayes".
Digital on-screen graphics.
Before TBS gained rights to broadcast MLB postseason games in 2007, the network used a score bug on the top left-hand corner of the screen for its Braves telecasts. It was upgraded midway through the 2004 season and used through 2007.
2007–2010.
The on-screen score graphic during this period covered the entire top of the screen, unlike the "Braves TBS Baseball" graphic, which only took up the left half of the top. The look is almost identical to that used during Fox's baseball coverage, except that the illustration of the basepaths is near the left side of the screen instead of flushed on the right. The batting order starting lineup used beginning in 2008 resembles that of a cellphone. There is also a pitch tracker that can only be seen on the network's high-definition feed.
2011–present.
With the start of the 2011 postseason, TBS planned to introduce the following
TBS's standard definition feed now airs a letterboxed version of the native HD feed during game broadcasts to match Fox's default widescreen SD presentation, allowing the right side pitch tracking graphic to be seen by those viewing the SD feed.

</doc>
<doc id="5933847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933847" title="Slant height">
Slant height

The slant height of a right circular cone is the distance from any point on the circle to the apex of the cone.
The slant height of a cone is given by the formula formula_1, where formula_2 is the radius of the circle and formula_3 is the height of the cone (the distance from its apex to the center of the circular base).
If the line segment from the center of the circle to its radius is taken as one leg of a right triangle inscribed within the cone, and the second leg of the triangle runs from the apex of the cone to the center of the circle, then one leg will have length formula_2, another leg will have length formula_3, and by the Pythagorean theorem, formula_6, and formula_7 gives the length of the circle to the apex of the cone. This application is primarily useful in determining the slant height of a cone when given other information regarding the radius or height. 
The variety of geometric implications of the slant height has made it a commonly seen factor in the mathematical community for 3-d geometric study. 
A cone is defined primarily by three central aspects, with which one can determine any one factor given the other two. They are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5933848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933848" title="All-Time Greatest Hits (Barry White album)">
All-Time Greatest Hits (Barry White album)

All-Time Greatest Hits is a compilation of Barry White's songs, released in 1994. The album includes an essay by David Ritz.

</doc>
<doc id="5933853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933853" title="Gordon Kennedy (actor)">
Gordon Kennedy (actor)

Gordon Kennedy (born 22 February 1958) is a Scottish actor. Kennedy grew up in Tranent, East Lothian, and attended George Watson's College in Edinburgh. He then went to the Scottish School of PE at Jordanhill College (now part of the University of Strathclyde) where he studied alongside esteemed friends Ronnie Hurst and Alan Bennett.
He first rose to prominence in the sketch show "Absolutely" and presented the 'original' National Lottery show, alongside Anthea Turner. He has appeared in several dramas, including the role of Sergeant Bruce Hornsby in the BBC drama, "Red Cap". He has also appeared in the BBC Scotland soap "River City".
From 2006 - 2009 he starred as Little John in all three series of the BBC production of "Robin Hood".
Alongside his acting career, Gordon Kennedy is a renowned Rugby Coach of London Wasps Colts in season 11-12.

</doc>
<doc id="5933870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933870" title="Eddie Thomas">
Eddie Thomas

Eddie Thomas MBE (27 July 1926 – 2 June 1997), was a Welsh boxing champion and boxing manager.
Thomas was born in Merthyr Tydfil. After a highly successful amateur boxing career, he turned professional in 1946. He won the Welsh welterweight title in 1948, the British welterweight title in 1949, and the European welterweight title in 1951, retaining it for only four months. He held the British Empire title for a period in the same year.
Retiring in 1954, he became the manager of two of Britain's most successful boxing champions, Howard Winstone and Ken Buchanan.
Thomas had a successful business career for a time, but in 1994 he was forced to resign as Mayor of Merthyr Tydfil.
A BBC TV programme, "Champ from Colliers Row", was made about him in 1997, shortly after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="5933871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933871" title="Agito">
Agito

Agito may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933878" title="Kremmen">
Kremmen

Kremmen is a town in the district of Oberhavel, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is located 15 km west of Oranienburg and 38 km northwest of Berlin. It is known mostly for its castle Ziethen. The local church contains an organ built in 1817 by Tobias Thurley.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5933881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933881" title="Lochailort">
Lochailort

Lochailort () is a hamlet in Scotland that lies at the head of Loch Ailort, a sea loch, on the junction of the Road to the Isles (A830) between Fort William and Mallaig with the A861 loop towards Salen and Strontian. It is served by Lochailort railway station on the West Highland Line. Nearby is Lochailort Inn, a public house, and Our Lady of the Braes, a small Roman Catholic church that was consecrated in 1874 but little used since 1964 as Sunday Mass is celebrated in the chapel at Inverailort House which is located on the opposite side of the loch.
The wife of the owner of Inverailort House, Christian Cameron, was a keen photographer in the late 19th Century. She took many photographs of the house and surrounding area but most of the glass plates were lost or destroyed when the military took over the house during WWII but the surviving photographs have been published in a book. Christian Cameron is said to have died of a broken heart after much of the contents of the house were badly damaged by the army when they emptied it.
The house was requisitioned by the War Office at the end of May 1940 for use in the training of irregular forces as the Special Training Centre. Initially this was operated by MI(R) but became part of Combined Operations. Many techniques of guerilla and irregular warfare were developed there and training techniques which were adopted for Commando training as well as Achnacarry Castle. SOE training was centred on nearby Arisaig House. The army moved out of the house on 20 August 1942 and, after taken over by the Royal Navy, subsequently became HMS Lochailort and was used for the training of naval cadet ratings to be officers on small craft used by Combined Operations. The Royal Navy moved out in January 1945.
The village and nearby buildings have appeared in films such as "Local Hero", "Breaking the Waves" and "Complicity". The main businesses in the area are tourism and salmon farming in the loch.

</doc>
<doc id="5933882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933882" title="Jalview">
Jalview

Jalview is a piece of bioinformatics software that is used to look at and edit multiple sequence alignments. It is written in the Java programming language. The programme was originally written by Michele Clamp whilst working in Geoff Barton's group at the EBI. Jalview 2, a re-engineered version produced by Andrew Waterhouse and Jim Procter whilst working in Geoff Barton's group at the University of Dundee, was released in 2005, and its development is supported by the BBSRC.
It is used widely by a variety of web servers (e.g. the EBI ClustalW server and the Pfam protein domain database) but is available as a general purpose alignment editor.<br>
Jalview has a wide range of functions in addition to multiple sequence alignment viewing and editing including calculating phylogenetic trees and viewing molecular structures. Many of these use external web services to import data.

</doc>
<doc id="5933886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933886" title="Mikhail Ivanov (cross-country skier)">
Mikhail Ivanov (cross-country skier)

Mikhail Ivanov (born November 20, 1977 in Ostrov, Pskov Oblast) is a Russian cross-country skier who competed since 1996. He finished 2nd in the 50km at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City to Spain's Johann Mühlegg, but was awarded the gold medal in 2004 upon Mühlegg's blood-doping disqualification of darbepoetin.
Ivanov's won the bronze medal in the 30 km event at the 2001 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lahti. He also won two World Cup events in his career (30km: 2000, 15km: 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="5933894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933894" title="Vilnius Conference 2006">
Vilnius Conference 2006

Vilnius Conference 2006: Common Vision for Common Neighborhood brought together delegations from the Baltic and Black Sea regions to discuss common interests and reinforce their commitments to the advancement of democracy and common values in their respective regions. The Conference took place in Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania, and was hosted by the President of Lithuania, Valdas Adamkus.
Proceedings.
Vilnius Conference 2006 included Youth, Non-government organizations, and Intellectuals forums. The Conference was opened by a Youth forum on May 1, 2006. Forum participants discussed cooperation in the Euro-Atlantic areas, the New Democracies success stories, the European Union's role in spreading the values of democracy, and other issues. Advancement of democracy in Europe’s east regions, European values and other topics were discussed in the Intellectual's forum. Spread of democracy and its benefits dominated the Non-government organizations forum. Andrei Illarionov, the former adviser to the President of the Russian Federation, delivered a speech dealing with the current situation in Russia. 
The final phase of the Vilnius Conference 2006 was the Heads of State Summit attended by the Presidents of Lithuania, Georgia, Ukraine, Estonia, Latvia, Poland, Moldova, Bulgaria, and Romania. The European Union was represented by Javier Solana. One of the Belarusian opposition leaders, Alaksandar Milinkievič, was also invited to participate in the Vilnius Conference, but he was arrested in Belarus prior to the Conference. 
During the Heads of State Summit, the Vice-president of the United States, Dick Cheney, delivered one of the strongest statements concerning George W. Bush administration's position in regards to the current political situation in Russia. Cheney accused the Vladimir Putin government of taking measures that were anti-Democratic, and bullying his neighbors on energy. Cheney praised Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia for making rapid progress towards democracy. The Head of States discussed the situation in Belarus. 
Participants of the Conference passed a common declaration as well. The Vilnius Conference 2006 ended on May 4, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5933897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933897" title="Ararat Airport">
Ararat Airport

Ararat Airport is located south-west of Ararat, Victoria, Australia on the Western Highway. Its main function is as a gliding club.

</doc>
<doc id="5933900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933900" title="Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative">
Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative

The Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative (DNDi) is a collaborative, patients’ needs-driven, non-profit drug research and development (R&D) organization that is developing new treatments for neglected diseases, notably leishmaniasis, sleeping sickness (human African trypanosomiasis, HAT), Chagas disease, malaria, paediatric HIV, and specific helminth infections.
Acting in the public interest and to respond to patients’ needs, DNDi bridges the existing R&D gaps in essential drugs for these diseases by leading drug R&D projects in collaboration with the international research community, the public sector, the pharmaceutical industry, and other relevant partners. The initiative’s primary objective is to deliver 11 to 13 new treatments by 2018 for these diseases and to establish a strong R&D portfolio. In doing so, DNDi is also working to use and strengthen existing capacities in disease-endemic countries, and advocate for the need to develop new treatments for the most neglected diseases. To date, DNDi has built the largest ever R&D portfolio for the kinetoplastid diseases (leishmaniasis, HAT, and Chagas) and has delivered 6 new treatments: 2 for malaria, 1 for HAT, 2 for visceral leishmaniasis, and 1 for Chagas disease.
Led by its Executive Director Bernard Pécoul, DNDi’s headquarters are in Geneva, Switzerland, with offices in Kenya, India, Brazil, Malaysia, Japan, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and an affiliate in the USA.
Origins.
Despite major advances in drug development in recent decades, essential medicines to treat many diseases that affect the world’s poor are either too expensive, no longer produced, highly toxic, or ineffective. Well aware of these issues from its field experience in poor and remote areas, the humanitarian organization Médecins Sans Frontières committed its 1999 Nobel Peace Prize funds to develop an alternative model for the research and development (R&D) of new drugs for neglected diseases.
As a result, in 2003, seven organizations from around the world joined forces to establish DNDi: 
• five public sector institutions – the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation from Brazil, the Indian Council of Medical Research, the Kenya Medical Research Institute, the Ministry of Health of Malaysia and France’s Pasteur Institute 
• one humanitarian organization, Médecins sans Frontières (MSF) 
• one international research organization, the Special Programme for Research and Training in Tropical Diseases (TDR), which acts as a permanent observer to the initiative.
DNDi won 2012 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award in the Development Cooperation category for developing and delivering new, effective and affordable treatments for poverty related diseases including Chagas disease, sleeping sickness, malaria and leishmaniasis affecting the world’s most vulnerable populations.
Current projects.
Working in partnership with private industry, public institutions, academia and NGOs, DNDi has built the largest ever R&D portfolio for the kinetoplastid diseases and has currently underway six projects in Implementation stage, seven in the clinical, and nine in the pre-clinical.
Accomplishments.
To date, DNDi has made available 6 new treatments for neglected diseases:
Launched in 2007, this antimalarial product is the fixed-dose combination of artesunate/amodiaquine (ASAQ). It is the result of an innovative partnership between DNDi and Sanofi. Produced in Marocco, this product is cheap (available at only 0.5$ for children, 1$ for adults), administered in a simple regimen (1 or 2 tablets once a day for 3 days) and meets the latest WHO guidelines for the treatment of malaria (recommendation of treating malaria with Artesunate-based Combination Therapies – ACTs). End 2011, ASAQ was registered in 30 sub-Saharan countries, in India, and in Colombia, and more than 120 million treatments had been distributed.
The second antimalarian treatment developed by DNDi is a fixed-dose combination of artesunate and mefloquine launched in 2008. Developed by a collaboration between DNDi, Brazil and South-East Asia within the FACT Project Consortium, this product consists of a 2-in-1 combination ensuring that both drugs are taken together in correct proportions. It has a simple and adapted regimen, a 3 years shelf life and a very high compliance rate. ASMQ is produced in Brazil by Farmanguinhos/Fiocruz and was registered there in 2008. Thanks to a South-South technology transfer, it is now also produced by Cipla and registered in India (2011).
NECT, a combination therapy of nifurtimox and eflornithine, is the first new, improved treatment option in 25 years for stage 2 (advanced stage) human African trypanosomiasis (HAT), also known as sleeping sickness. Result of a six-year partnership between NGOs, governments, pharmaceutical companies, and the WHO, it was launched in 2009 and included in the WHO Essential Medicines List. It is cheaper and requests shorter hospitalization than previous treatment. It is much safer than the previously widely used arsenic-based Melarsoproll that kills 5% of the patients. In 2011, it was available in 12 African countries that account for 99% of reported HAT cases.
SSG&PM, a sodium stibogluconate plus paramomycin combination therapy, is a shorter-course, cost-efficient treatment option against Visceral Leishmaniasis in East Africa available since 2010. It is the result of a six-year partnership between DNDi, the Leishmaniasis East Africa Platform (LEAP), the National Control Programmes of Kenya, Sudan, Ethiopia, and Uganda, Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) and The World Health Organization (WHO).
In 2010, a study investigating the three possible 2-drug combinations of amphotericin B (AmBisome), miltefosine and paromomycin was completed in India. All three combination treatments were shown highly efficacious (> 97.5% cure rate). A WHO Expert committee recommended these treatments to be used preferentially to current established monotherapy treatments for VL in South Asia. DNDi is working with TDR and WHO to facilitate their introduction and support VL elimination strategies.
It is the only paediatric dosage treatment for Chagas disease, launched in 2011 through a collaboration between DNDi and LAFEPE (Laboratório Farmacêutico do Estado de Pernambuco). It is designed for infants and young children under 2 years of age (20 kg body weight) infected congenitally. Thanks to its age‐adapted, easy‐to‐use, affordable, and non‐patented tablet, the new treatment contributes to improved dosing accuracy, safety, and adherence to treatment. Paediatric benznidazole was granted registration by Brazil’s National Health Surveillance Agency (ANVISA), with further endemic countries targeted for obtaining registration.
Disease-specific regional platforms.
DNDi works closely with partners in disease-endemic countries to strengthen existing clinical research capacity as well as to build new capacity where necessary. DNDi helped in setting up and works with 3 regional disease-specific platforms in Africa and Latin America:
• The Leishmaniasis East Africa Platform (LEAP) on leishmaniasis
• The HAT Platform on sleeping sickness, or human African trypanosomiasis
• The Chagas Clinical Research Platform (CCRP) on Chagas disease
Their mission is to define patients needs, taking into consideration the local conditions, bring together key regional actors in the field of health, reinforce clinical capacities in endemic regions, address infrastructural requirements where necessary and provide on-site trainings. These platforms contribute to increase the chances of registration, uptake, and sustainable access of new treatments.

</doc>
<doc id="5933907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933907" title="Come Josephine in My Flying Machine">
Come Josephine in My Flying Machine

Come Josephine In My Flying Machine is a popular song with music by Fred Fisher and lyrics by Alfred Bryan. 
History.
First published in 1910, the composition was originally recorded by Blanche Ring and was, for a time, her signature song. A duet by Ada Jones and Billy Murray was recorded in November 1910 and released the following year. There have been many subsequent recordings of the pop standard.
Written in the early days of aviation, it tells of a young man courting his gal by "flying machine" and expresses the technological optimism of the era: "Whoa, dear! Don't hit the moon! "No, dear . . . Not yet, but soon!" It allegedly was based upon Josephine Sarah Magner (April 22, 1883 – July 15, 1966), who was perhaps the first woman parachutist in America with her initial jump in 1905. She was married to early aviation pioneer Leslie Burt Haddock (April 10, 1878 – July 4, 1919), making hundreds of jumps and also assisting him in the building of the first U.S. Army dirigible Signal Corps Dirigible Number 1 designed by her uncle Thomas Scott Baldwin
In popular culture.
The bus riders in 1934's "It Happened One Night" entertain one another with an impromptu performance of this song.
The song is performed in the 1939 feature film "The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle".
It remained popular enough into the 1940s to be featured in a "Follow the Bouncing Ball" sing-a-long cartoon, and parodied by Spike Jones & His City Slickers.
The song was also recorded in 1953 by Benay Venuta for the Broadway musical cast recording of Hazel Flagg.
In 1979, it was sung on an 8th season episode of "The Waltons," "The Silver Wings".
It is featured in a capella versions in the 1997 movie, "Titanic", as well as one deleted scene. The song was recorded by Moya Brennan in the "Back to Titanic" soundtrack.
It was included as a karaoke piece in the 2011 episode of "The Simpsons", "The Man in the Blue Flannel Pants": In an attempt to stop his boss, Mr. Montgomery Burns, from ruining his party, Homer asks the DJ to play the oldest song he has. Coincidentally, the song officially became 100 years old at the time of the episode's release.

</doc>
<doc id="5933917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933917" title="Kröpelin">
Kröpelin

Kröpelin is a town in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 9 km southwest of Bad Doberan, and 23 km west of Rostock.
Kröpelin first appears in the written record in 1177 as "Crapelin" a settlement with Wendish origins. The town's name probably derives from the Slavic word "crepelice" meaning the "place of quail". Kröpelin was granted Lubeck rights in 1249. Granted a town charter on 25 August 1250 by Heinrich Borwin III of Rostock it was known as a shoemakers' town based on the number of people who worked in that profession. 
The town has experienced a number of devastating fires during its history, in 1377, 1560, 1580, 1738 and 1774.
The early Nineteenth century saw Jewish immigration into Kröpelin. The Jewish community built a cemetery outside the town in 1821. During the 1938 November pogrom it was desecrated by the Nazis and then fell until ruin. After the Second World War a memorial stone was erected to those members of the town's Jewish community who had died in the holocaust. In 2012, the cemetery was the subject to a number of anti-semitic attacks including criminal damage and racist graffiti.

</doc>
<doc id="5933920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933920" title="Kittler">
Kittler

Kittler is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5933921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933921" title="Education in the Democratic Republic of the Congo">
Education in the Democratic Republic of the Congo

Primary education in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) is free and compulsory. 
The education system in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is governed by three government ministries: the "Ministère de l’Enseignement Primaire, Secondaire et Professionnel (MEPSP"), the "Ministère de l’Enseignement Supérieur et Universitaire (MESU)" and the "Ministère des Affaires Sociales (MAS)".
Background.
The educational system in the DRC is similar to that of Belgium in that there are six years of primary followed by 6 years of secondary education. The education system has suffered from decades of conflict although recent years have shown an improvement.
In 2000, 65 percent of children ages 10 to 14 were attending school. As a result of the 6-year civil war, over 5.2 million children in the country receive no education. Official numbers for the school year 2009–10, report there were 35,915 primary schools serving 10,572,422 students; and 17,373 secondary schools serving 3,484,459 others.
Of the 10 provinces the hardest hit by a lack of education are the North and South Kivu. More than 42% of children in these provinces have never been to school.
Underfunding.
With a GDP per capita of less than $400, many government programs such as basic education have been left underfunded and underdeveloped. In 2010 only 2.5% of GDP was spent on education. Ranking it 159th out of 173.
Schools in the public sector are not organized by the state. Instead they are organized by an ideological or social group.
The first three groups make up about 80% of the primary schools and 75% of secondary schools. A minority of 12% of the schools are private. Though 65% of preschools are private schools.
Armed conflicts.
Years of civil war has left millions displaced and the government shattered throughout the different regions. 
With one of the world’s deadliest civil wars happening the chaos surrounding the entire country has earned the label of Humanitarian Crisis. 
With over 1.9 million people displaced since the beginning of current civil war many have had to migrate farther and farther from cities and towns in order stay alive.
The largest issue with the educational problem in the DRC is that the children and families are afraid to go to school. The rebel armies of the DRC such as the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda and the National Congress for the Defence of the People are infamous for their use of child soldiers. Schools are one of the main ways these children are abducted and enslaved by these groups.
International organizations.
The poor state of the educational system in place several international organizations are looking to help improve the situation.
The lack of help and resources internally has forced the DRC to ask for help from the outside world.
UN.
The biggest international supporter of educational programs in the region is the United Nations (UN). Unfortunately the UN has had to deal with large fluctuations in commitment for aid for the DRC in the past decade. In 2002 the international commitment was less than 100 million USD and in 2007 it peaked above 250 million USD. On top of this uncertainty from donors the UN also has to deal with the local end of corruption and embezzlement of the funds raised. In 2008 2% of the total funds raised for education never made it to the teachers and children that desperately need it. With all of these issues there is more research being done with how to focus the funding on what the country’s children currently need.
IRC.
The IRC works to increase access to education for girls and boys in rural and peri-urban areas. The organization also supports marginalized girls to enroll and excel at school and responds to education needs during emergencies. In 2013, 275,000 students were enrolled, 675 schools were supported, 3,378 teachers were trained, 8,706 youth were enrolled in accelerated learning programs, and 827 youth were provided vocational training. This work was carried out through four separate programs: Opportunities for Equitable Access to Quality Basic Education (OPEQ) funded by USAID, Valorisation de la Scolarisation de la Fille Project (VAS-Y Fille!) funded by DFID, Empowering Adolescent Girls to Lead through Education (EAGLE) Project and emergency response programs.
UNICEF.
Another major supporter of education in the DRC is the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF). Although the organization has suffered from extreme under funding, UNICEF is still trying to bring emergency safe education to the local children. In North Kivu alone, UNICEF has identified 258 schools which have been looted and/or burnt following attacks and following their occupation by armed groups, imperiling the start of the school year in September for 60,000 children. Despite global recognition of the importance of education in emergencies, education still remains greatly underfunded. UNICEF has only been able to raise 8% of their total goal of 8 million dollars. This funding would allow 228,000 children access to safe and protective education. This would include: establishment of temporary learning spaces, adaptation of the school calendar; reinsertion of children into an appropriate learning environment, psychosocial and recreational activities; awareness raising on life-saving and life-sustaining messages, training of teachers on psychosocial support, peace education and class management, and provision of teaching and learning materials and catch-up classes. Education is a critical protective tool to build preparedness and resilience against future disasters in an ever-changing environment.
Lists.
Schools.
City: Kinshasa

</doc>
<doc id="5933930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933930" title="Configfs">
Configfs

Configfs is a RAM-based virtual file system provided by the 2.6 Linux kernel.
Details.
Configfs appears similar to sysfs but they are in fact different and complementary. Configfs is for creating, managing and destroying kernel objects from user-space, and sysfs for viewing and manipulating objects from user-space which are created and destroyed by kernel space. It is typically mounted at codice_1.

</doc>
<doc id="5933932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933932" title="Mount Ragang">
Mount Ragang

Mount Ragang, also called Mount Piapayungan and Blue Mountain by the local people, is a stratovolcano on Mindanao island in the Philippines. It is the seventh highest mountain in the Philippines.
Location.
Mount Ragang is located on the boundary of the provinces of Lanao del Sur and Cotabato in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao.
Physical features.
Ragang has an elevation of and a base diameter of . 
It is the most active volcano on Mindanao, and is part of a string of volcanoes in what volcanologists call the Central Mindanao Arc.
Eruptions.
There is still some confusion on the number of times Ragang erupted. The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology lists eight eruptions with the last one occurring in July 1916. But the Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanology Programs, citing the "Catalog of Active Volcanoes of the World" (Neumann van Padang, 1953), suggests that some eruptions attributed to nearby Makaturing were actually those of Ragang.
Ragang is one of the active volcanos in the Philippines, which are all part of the Pacific ring of fire.

</doc>
<doc id="5933936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933936" title="Not Like Everyone Else">
Not Like Everyone Else

Not Like Everyone Else is a 2006 TV movie that aired on Lifetime Television and starred Alia Shawkat, Illeana Douglas and Eric Schweig. It is based on a true story of events that happened to Brandi Blackbear in 1999–2000. This telefilm was shot in Shreveport, Louisiana.
Plot.
Shortly after the Columbine High School massacre, Union Intermediate High School (in Tulsa, Oklahoma) was one of many schools around the country increasing security measures to prevent school shootings. Brandi Blackbear wrote horror stories similar to those of Stephen King, dressed in a slightly Gothlike way, and was not afraid to be herself, or to stand up to bullying by popular kids. Her defiance engendered hostility toward her from certain segments of her school's culture. False stories of threats of violence were circulated, and the combination of her writing and authorities' natural hyperawareness following Columbine led to her being suspended. When some of her fellow students later saw her checking out a book on world religions, including Wicca (as research for her stories), they immediately branded her a witch, and eventually accused her of casting a spell that made a teacher sick. Fear of her spread through much of the school, and she was once again suspended.
Finally, her parents went to the ACLU, where they were told they had a good case against the school for violating her civil rights. The ACLU sued the affluent school for $10 million, even though the Blackbears were not sure they deserved that much based on what Brandi had suffered. Still, the ACLU argued that the school would not take any lesser claim seriously. When the school offered a settlement, the Blackbears refused. They were not interested in the money, despite needing it; what they really wanted was to have their story heard in court to inform the public that the school had mistreated Brandi. The judge ruled to dismiss the charges rather than going to trial, and ordered the Blackbears to pay $6000 in court fees, which they could not afford. Eventually it was agreed to drop the fees if the Blackbears dropped their appeal. Earlier that day at school however, Kimberly (the most popular girl in school, and Brandi's main tormentor) tries to interview Brandi for the school newspaper but she declines, and also, everyone at school expresses their admiration for Brandi, causing Kimberly to lose her popularity.

</doc>
<doc id="5933937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933937" title="Blackwater (Altan album)">
Blackwater (Altan album)

Blackwater is the fifth studio album by Altan, released in 1996 on the Virgin Records label. Three of the songs are sung in Irish. "Ar Bhruach Na Carraige Baine" is sung partly in English and in Irish. "Blackwaterside" is sung in English. The final tune is a tribute to Frankie Kennedy written by Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh herself.
Live performances.
Altan played live in concert the following tracks: "Johnny Boyle's/King of the Pipers", "Dark Haired Lass/Biddy From Muckross/Sean Maguire's", "Stór, A Stór, A Ghrá", "Strathspey/Con McGinley's/The Newfoundland Reel", "Tá Mé 'Mo Shuí (I am awake)", "Ar Bhruach Na Carraige Báine", "The Dance of the Honeybees" & "Blackwaterside"

</doc>
<doc id="5933939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933939" title="Kühlungsborn">
Kühlungsborn

Kühlungsborn () is a "Seebad" (seaside resort) town in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is situated on the Baltic Sea coast, 11 km northwest of Bad Doberan, and 25 km northwest of Rostock.
The town has an elongate beach and promenade, many hotels in typical German spa town architecture and a marina. It is the largest seaside spa town in Mecklenburg.
Kühlungsborn is a place with long spa traditions. It was one of the first seaside resorts to be founded in Germany, dating back to the 1860s. While the bicycle is a popular way of transport, the "Molli" steam railway is an historic tourist attraction that also allows to explore the area. In summer times many people rent one of the traditional "Strandkorb" on the beach, a covered chair protecting one from wind and sun.
Town history.
The town of Kühlungsborn was founded on April 1, 1938 with the merger of the three municipalities; Fulgen, Brunshaupten and Arendsee. On the town coat of arms the three flying seagulls on a blue background represent these former municipalities.
At the end of World War II in 1945, many refugees settled temporarily or permanently in Kühlungsborn. In 1953, the East German government partially expropriated and arbitrarily nationalized a number of hotels and boarding houses in the city during the so-called "Action Rose". Over 50 of these institutions were transformed into holiday and health resorts for regulated holidays for East German citizens which were controlled by FDGB Trade Union. If the former owners resisted, they were often convicted in show trials. Many were forced into exile in West Germany. 
During East Germany's standard holiday period of July to August, Kühlungsborn was packed with holidaymakers. The cost of the FDGB holiday facilities was very low, normally 60-100 East German marks for 14 days full board. During this time there were frequent shortages in commercial establishments. Annual festivals were conducted for three decades, during "Baltic Week", usually the first week of July. There were numerous high-profile cultural events during these festivals. Participants from the Baltic Sea countries and Norway were accommodated in boarding houses.
From 1958 to 1990 approximately 100 men of the East German Navy's (Volksmarine) elite 18th Combat Swimmer Command (Kampfschwimmerkommando 18 (KSK-18)) were stationed in Kühlungsborn.
Since the mid-1990s Kühlungsborn has again become a popular year-round destination for the holiday season. 
Kühlungsborn has no tall buildings, because no house is allowed to be built higher than the tallest trees. After the reunification of Germany the historic centre of Kühlungsborn was thoroughly renovated and many historic buildings restored. However, in 1994, 26 historic buildings, examples of resort architecture, were demolished as part of this renovation, such as the "Arendseer Kurhaus" completed in 1906. There are many new hotels and apartments as well as renovated old hotels and guest houses. From 2002-2004 the new marina was built in East Kühlungsborn with 400 moorings. The resort's pier was built in 1991 and the 3,200-metre-long beach promenade was completely renovated in 2007.
For the G8 summit in Heiligendamm in 2007, the press was accommodated in East Kühlungsborn. Around 5,390 journalists from 78 countries representing 1,045 media outlets were accredited and stayed mostly in Kühlungsborn.

</doc>
<doc id="5933941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933941" title="Franck Piccard">
Franck Piccard

Franck Piccard (born September 17, 1965) is a French former Alpine skier. 
A native of Les Saisies, Piccard won a total of four Alpine skiing World Cup races. 
At the 1988 Olympics in Calgary he won a gold medal in the Super-G competition and a bronze medal in the downhill. At the 1992 Olympics in Albertville he won a silver medal in the downhill.
His father gave him the name Franck in tribute to Frank Sinatra.Piccard's siblings Leila Piccard, Ian Piccard and Jeff Piccard also competed as alpine skiers, as does his daughter Lucie. Another brother, Ted Piccard, has competed in both alpine skiing and skiercross.
References.
Sports Reference
FIS-ski biography for Franck Piccard

</doc>
<doc id="5933943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933943" title="Be My Little Baby Bumble Bee">
Be My Little Baby Bumble Bee

"Be My Little Baby Bumble Bee" is a popular song.
The music was written by Henry I. Marshall, the lyrics by Stanley Murphy. The song was published in 1912, and appeared in the 1912 play "A Winsome Widow".
The song has since become a standard, recorded by many artists. Ada Jones and Billy Murray recorded it as a duet on Edison Blue Amberol cylinder record #2140.

</doc>
<doc id="5933947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933947" title="Fire bucket">
Fire bucket

A fire bucket is a bucket filled with water or sand which is used to prevent or extinguish fires. 
Typically, fire buckets are painted bright red and have the word 'FIRE' stencilled on them. 
Often they have a convex, protruding bottom, rendering them useless for other purposes; thus reducing the potential for theft or misuse.
Fire buckets are a low-technology method of fighting small fires. Although largely superseded by more modern forms of fire fighting equipment, they retain some distinct advantages and remain the preferred method for fighting small fires in certain situations. The main advantages of fire buckets are that they are cheap, reliable, easy to use and can be quickly refilled and reinstated. 
Normally, they are hung on dedicated fire bucket stands and placed in prominent positions in rooms or corridors, next to ovens or barbecues, and in government accommodation such as army barrack blocks. They are also commonly found in hyperbaric chambers. 
Oil fires are resistant to water, but small fires can be effectively extinguished when the sand in the bucket is dumped on the fire to starve it of the oxygen it needs to stay alight. This method of fighting liquid fires has generally been replaced by modern foaming agents.
The sand from a fire bucket can also be used to absorb spills of flammable liquids and render them less dangerous, by reducing the risk of ignition and explosion. Fire buckets are often provided at petrol filling stations to absorb any small fuel spills.

</doc>
<doc id="5933949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933949" title="Bairnsdale Airport">
Bairnsdale Airport

Bairnsdale Airport is located south west of Bairnsdale, Victoria, Australia, off the Princes Highway.
It was originally RAAF Station Bairnsdale, which was a training establishment formed during World War II. No. 1 Operational Training Unit (1OTU) and the General Reconnaissance School (GRS) were based there during the war years.

</doc>
<doc id="5933967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933967" title="Neil Coulbeck">
Neil Coulbeck

Neil Coulbeck (1952 – July 11, 2006) was a banker with the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS).
Coulbeck was Head of Financial Markets for North America with RBS until June 2001, when he returned to London as Head of Group Treasury. He had been questioned by the FBI in relation to the collapse of Enron, which involved the RBS subsidiary, NatWest. He is reported to have been the executive who authorised the transfer of assets belonging to Greenwich NatWest, then a unit of NatWest bank, to a small company controlled by Andrew Fastow, CFO of Enron, as part of the alleged scam involving the NatWest Three, although there was no suggestion that he had profited personally from this transaction.
Coulbeck was found dead in a park in Chingford, London on July 11, 2006, having been reported missing by his family the previous week.
Police, who released a photo of Coulbeck, said initially that they were treating his death as "unexplained". However, Susan Coulbeck (widow) stated that her husband had committed suicide because of the stress of being involved with the NatWest Three case. The subsequent inquest heard evidence from Coulbeck's widow, and the eventual verdict was that he committed suicide by slitting his wrists.
Coulbeck was the author of the book "The Multinational Banking Industry" (ISBN 0814713963), published in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="5933973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933973" title="Fire screen">
Fire screen

A fire screen sheet began as a form of furniture that acted as a shield between the occupants of a room and the fireplace, and its primary function was to reduce the discomfort of excessive heat from a log fire. Early firescreens were generally shaped as flat panels standing on attached feet, or as adjustable shield-shaped panels mounted on tripod table legs.
Firescreens in the modern home have become decorative shields of sheet metal, glass, or wire mesh that can be placed in front of a fireplace opening to protect the room from open flames and flying embers that may be emitted by the fire.
Fire screens were used to cover the fireplace when nothing was burning inside it, and make it look more decorative.
Types of fire screen.
The "three-panel" fire screen, which covers the fireplace almost completely, has two side panels angled away from the central panel. It is an effective way of providing decoration in a room.
The "horse screen", or "cheval screen" (cheval is the French word for horse) was in common use from the 18th century. It is a wide screen having two feet on each side, the arrangement of the feet giving the screen its name. Placed in front of the unused fireplace, the decorated screen improves the appearance of a room. Screens are decorated with embroidery, papier maché, painted wood or perhaps stained glass; the frame and feet might be carved.
The "pole screen" also began to appear in the 18th century. It is a smaller screen placed on a vertical pole which is mounted on a tripod; placed between a lit fire and an occupant of the room, the screen can be adjusted up or down to shield the person's face from the heat. The screen might be rectangular or a more decorous shape, and is decorated perhaps with embroidery, lacquer or paint.
The "banner" screen is similar to a pole screen; instead of a solid screen there is a loose piece of silk or embroidery, weighted with tassels on the lower edge; like a banner, it is supported from the top edge by a crossbar connected to a pole.

</doc>
<doc id="5933975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933975" title="Jordi Carchano">
Jordi Carchano

Jordi Carchano (born 2 July 1984 in Sant Quirze del Vallès, Catalonia Spain) is a motorcycle road racer. He raced in the 125cc and 250cc World Championships from to .

</doc>
<doc id="5933982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933982" title="Ballarat Airport">
Ballarat Airport

Ballarat Airport (known officially as the Ballarat Aerodrome) is located west of Ballarat in the outer suburb of Mitchell Park, Victoria, Australia.
History.
Pilot training was first offered on the Ballarat Common in 1914-15. In 1934 the airport was formalised with the construction of a tin hangar.
No. 1 Wireless Air Gunners School (1 WAGS).
In 1940 the site was resumed by the[Commonwealth of Australia and a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) airfield known as Empire Air Training Scheme No 1 Wireless Air Gunners School was established (EATS 1 WAGS) at the Ballarat Showgrounds on 22 April 1940.
The hangar already on the site was relocated to the Commonwealth Flax Mill, and four Bellman hangars and numerous "P"-type hut buildings were erected. In mid-1940 the Wireless Air Gunners School relocated to the aerodrome. During its operation as a WAGS the wireless operators were mainly trained in panel vans and, from mid-1941, in CAC Wackett trainer aircraft.
The Wackett was used up until 1941 and then the Avro Anson was used up until 1945. The Avro Anson was a twin engine model, coloured yellow for training purposes. The plane was flown around the regions of Ballarat, and western Victoria.
This information has been supplied by a former trainee in 1945 discharged late 1945 at the Melbourne Exhibition Buildings in Melbourne. best regards KPQ 24071925
No 1 WAGS was disbanded on 31 December 1945.
Post War.
Unlike many other EATS sites the RAAF retained the airfield as its Radio School until 1961. The then-Shire of Ballarat negotiated with the Department of Interior to become the civil operator of the airfield and sought the maintenance on site of the hangars and other structures, however a majority of the P Huts were sold by the Commonwealth.
In 2006 the aerodrome was recommended for listing on the Victorian Heritage Register due to its ability to illustrate the Empire Air Training Scheme in Victoria. The site was included on the register on 27 July 2007.
The aerodrome continues to perform an important role in emergency services operation, civil operation, flight training and as accommodation for many community groups and organisations.
Motorsport.
The airfield had a brief motor racing career, beginning on Australia Day in 1947 when it held its first motor race meeting. Racing returned in November of both 1950 and 1951, then finally for an International Formula Libre race in February 1961, which was attended by some European Formula One teams. British Racing Motors factory drivers Dan Gurney and Graham Hill finished first and second in the major race, the Victoria Trophy with Ron Flockhart third in a Cooper. Famously on the night before the race Gurney's car was stolen from its hangar and driven into or hidden with, hay bales out on the track with minimal damage.

</doc>
<doc id="5933988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933988" title="Lorenzo Herrera">
Lorenzo Herrera

Lorenzo Esteban Herrera (August 2, 1896 – 1960) is a Venezuelan singer and composer of the first half of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5933990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933990" title="Portis">
Portis

Portis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933991" title="List of educational institutions in Karachi">
List of educational institutions in Karachi

List of educational institutions in Karachi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5933995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5933995" title="Külsheim">
Külsheim

Külsheim is a town in the Main-Tauber district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 12 km northwest of Tauberbischofsheim, and 10 km south of Wertheim am Main.

</doc>
<doc id="5934003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934003" title="Benalla Airport">
Benalla Airport

Benalla Airport is located east of Benalla, Victoria, Australia. Benalla Airport is the home of the Gliding Club of Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="5934005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934005" title="Hermann Dessau">
Hermann Dessau

Hermann Dessau (April 6, 1856, Frankfurt am Main - April 12, 1931, Berlin) was a German ancient historian and epigrapher. He is noted for a key work of textual criticism published in 1889 on the "Historia Augusta", which uncovered reasons to believe that this surviving text of ancient Roman imperial history had been written under circumstances very different from those previously believed. 

</doc>
<doc id="5934006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934006" title="The Edge of Silence">
The Edge of Silence

The Edge of Silence is the fifth album by Solas, released in 2002 on the Shanachie Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="5934007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934007" title="RLI Corp.">
RLI Corp.

RLI Corp. () is an American property and casualty insurance company headquartered in Peoria, Illinois, with more than 50 branch offices conducting business in all 50 states. Founded in 1965 by Gerald D. Stephens, Replacement Lens, Inc. (RLI) was one of the first insurers of contact lenses, and eventually, the company emerged as one of the leading contact lens insurers in the United States. Building upon its success in the contact lens market, RLI further expanded its business into other niche insurance markets. Today, the company offers specialty property/casualty insurance coverage in both the specialty admitted and excess and surplus markets.
RLI conducts its operations primarily through four insurance subsidiaries — RLI Insurance Company, Mt. Hawley Insurance Company, RLI Indemnity Company and Contractors Bonding and Insurance Company. All of RLI's insurance subsidiaries are rated A+ (Superior) by A.M. Best Company, a distinction held by fewer than 10 percent of all property and casualty insurance companies in the country.
RLI insurance coverages are distributed to customers across the U.S. through branch offices that market to wholesale brokers and retail agencies. RLI also provides select coverages through independent agents. The company offers nearly 40 different types of casualty, property and surety coverage ranging from individually underwritten coverages to highly complex coverages.
Some lines of insurance the company offers include: General Liability, Commercial and Personal Umbrella Liability, Commercial Transportation, Executive Products Liability, Professional Liability, Commercial Property, Marine, Crop Reinsurance, Property Reinsurance, Contract Surety, Commercial Surety, and Oil and Gas Surety.
History.
RLI’s history of innovation dates to the early 1960s, when Founder Gerald D. Stephens recognized the expense of replacing contact lenses and founded RLI — Replacement Lens, Inc. — a contact lens insurance agency. In 1965, he acquired the holding company that would later become RLI Corp. RLI was one of the first insurers of contact lenses, and eventually, it emerged as the largest insurer of its kind in the world.
Over time, the demand for contact lens insurance shrank with the emergence of more affordable disposable soft lenses. In order to remain competitive, Stephens expanded RLI’s offerings to include commercial property and liability insurance. In 1994, the company retired its founding contact lens insurance product and in 1996 RLI sold its RLI Vision unit to Maui Jim, a manufacturer of luxury sunglasses. Currently, RLI offers a variety of specialty insurance coverages designed for niche markets that are underserved by the insurance and reinsurance industry.
RLI’s long history of financial strength and stability — evidenced by its A+ “Superior” A.M. Best rating — can be accredited to its unique business model. RLI looks for underserved niches and opportunities to offer enhanced products that are new to the marketplace. The company puts decision-making in the hands of its expert underwriters, which enables producers to quickly and easily get customers the coverages they need.

</doc>
<doc id="5934009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934009" title="Moacir Barbosa Nascimento">
Moacir Barbosa Nascimento

Moacir Barbosa Nascimento (27 March 1921 – 7 April 2000) was a Brazilian international football goalkeeper whose career spanned 22 years. He was one of the world's best goalkeepers in the 1940s and 1950s and known for not wearing gloves because he wanted to feel the ball with his bare hands. Although he won many trophies, his fame is mainly associated with the defeat of Brazil in the decisive match of the World Cup 1950 against Uruguay. He died of a heart attack at age 79.
Success with Vasco da Gama.
On the club level he had his greatest successes with CR Vasco da Gama, Rio de Janeiro. He won several trophies with this side, including in 1948 the Campeonato Sul-Americano de Campeões, the initial precursor to the Copa Libertadores
Copa America 1949.
With the national side he won the Copa America of 1949. The 7–0 win over Paraguay remains to date the highest victory in a final of this competition.
The 1950 match and its aftermath.
In 1950 Brazil played Uruguay in the decisive match of the World Cup finals at the Maracanã stadium in Rio de Janeiro. Brazil was heavily favoured to win, and needed only a draw to win the round-robin tournament, but despite scoring first, Brazil lost 2–1 when Alcides Ghiggia scored the winning goal for Uruguay in the 79th minute after skillfully dribbling past Brazilian defender Bigode and then drilling the ball into the net while Barbosa was out of position expecting a cross into the middle of the pitch. The loss stunned Brazilians and plunged the country into mourning, over what became known as the "Maracanazo", or "the Maracana blow."
Barbosa was blamed for the defeat, for which he suffered for the rest of his life as the match became part of Brazilian folklore. In 2000, shortly before his death, he said in an interview: "The maximum punishment in Brazil is 30 years imprisonment, but I have been paying, for something I am not even responsible for, by now, for 50 years." In 1993, the president of the Brazilian Football Confederation, Ricardo Teixeira, did not allow him to be commentator during the broadcast of one of Brazil's international matches. He was also turned away from a Brazil training session on one occasion out of fear of his being a jinx for the team.
In 1963, Barbosa was presented with the old square wooden goalposts from the Maracanã as a present, which he took home and burned.
Honors.
With Brazil:
Club Level:
Unofficial Tournaments.
With Brasil:
¹) irregular friendly tournament between Brazil and Argentina<BR>
²) irregular friendly tournament between Brazil and Uruguay
Club Level:
¹) with CR Vasco da Gama, CR Flamengo (both R.d Janeiro), CA Boca Juniors and. Racing Club (both Argentina)<BR>
²) with CR Vasco da Gama, Millonarios (Bogotá) and CSD Colo-Colo (Santiago)
In popular culture.
Barbosa plays a large role in Ian McDonald's science fiction novel Brasyl.
Barbosa is the main subject of the novel "The Last Save of Moacyr Barbosa" by Darwin Pastorin.
There is also a Brazilian short film named "Barbosa", premiered in 1988, in which a 49-years old man (Antônio Fagundes) travels back in time trying to avoid Ghiggia's goal.

</doc>
<doc id="5934015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934015" title="Thomas Stangassinger">
Thomas Stangassinger

Thomas Stangassinger (born September 15, 1965 in Hallein) is an Austrian former alpine skier. 
In the 1990s he belonged to the slalom elite. He won a silver medal in the World Ski Championships in Saalbach-Hinterglemm and a bronze medal in the World Ski Championships in Morioka. His career highlight came when he won the slalom competition at the 1994 Olympics in Lillehammer.
World Cup victories.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5934016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934016" title="Air Force Center for Engineering and the Environment">
Air Force Center for Engineering and the Environment

The Air Force Center for Engineering and the Environment (AFCEE) merged with the Air Force Real Property Agency and the Air Force Civil Engineer Support Agency to form the Air Force Civil Engineer Center on Oct. 1, 2012.
AFCEE,[http://www.af.mil/news/story.asp?id=123055342] formerly the Air Force Center for Environmental Excellence, was a Field Operating Agency (FOA) of the United States Air Force that provided a full range of technical and professional services to the Air Force community in areas related to environmental restoration, pollution prevention, environmental planning, design and construction management, and comprehensive planning and design. Regional Environmental Offices (REOs) represented the Air Force to federal, state, and local agencies to facilitate regional environmental compliance and management.
Before the AFCEE was formed, there was not one centralized office where Air Force commanders could go for assistance with their installation's environmental and construction programs. That situation changed in 1991, when AFCEE was approved and created as a field operating agency of the Air Force Civil Engineer.
History.
AFCEE was formed by consolidating a variety of Air Force personnel and assets located throughout the country, including several Air Force Regional Civil Engineer staff functions.
The Center was formally inaugurated with a ribbon-cutting ceremony in Brooks AFB Hangar 9 on November 3, 1991. It originally consisted of four major elements: the Environmental Services Office, the Construction Management Office, the Design Group, and three Regional Compliance Offices (later renamed Regional Environmental Offices).
Staff elements included Mission Support, Environmental and Contract Law, and Public Affairs. In addition, a division from the Human Systems Contracting Directorate was assigned to AFCEE to provide the Center with dedicated environmental contracting support.
The Center, which had started out with only a handful of people, grew rapidly and within a year had in place a full service array of environmental cleanup contracts. Its concentration was on the 19 installations affected by Rounds I and II of the Base Realignment and Closure process.
AFCEE underwent reorganization in 1994. A major change was the transition of the Pollution Prevention and Environmental Planning Divisions of the Environmental Services Directorate into two separate directorates. The execution directorates thus were: Construction Management, Design Group, Environmental Conservation and Planning, Environmental Restoration, and Pollution Prevention.
AFCEE did not have a building of its own when it first began operations. Employees worked in different facilities throughout Brooks, some in leased modular buildings. However, in July 1994 ground was broken for the new, nearly 73,000 square foot (6,800 square meter) headquarters building. A year later, a ribbon-cutting ceremony formally inaugurated the Center's new home.
Organizational streamlining took place in April 1997, with Construction Management and the Design Group merging into one organization called the Design and Construction Directorate. In other changes, the Pollution Prevention Directorate was renamed the Environmental Quality Directorate and the former Design Group's Planning Division moved to the Environmental Conservation and Planning Directorate, completing the establishment of a Comprehensive Planning Division.
Personnel and resources.
The agency employed more than 500 authorized civilians and 48 military members. In addition to its in-house staff, AFCEE had many of the nation's most respected and capable contractors as its partners. The center's multibillion dollar contracting capacity covered the entire spectrum of environmental and construction management services.
Organization.
A civilian director, a member of the Senior Executive Service, headed the center. An executive director, an Air Force colonel also served as the commander of the center's military personnel, assisted the director. They led an organization composed of five business line directorates, a technical directorate, three regional environmental offices and four support directorates. The business line directorates were designed to provide direct services to specific customers and to act as their single point of contact for most AFCEE work.
Operations.
Environmental restoration.
AFCEE performed "cradle-to-grave" management for base environmental restoration that spans the full spectrum of cleanup activities, from preliminary assessment/site investigation to remedial action, remedial process optimization, and site close out. The Center served as the primary restoration agent and consultant to the Air Force Real Property Agency (AFRPA) and major commands (MAJCOMs) for designated bases. It also provided technical assistance to Headquarters, United States Air Force (HQ USAF) and MAJCOMs on issues affecting restoration policy and guidance, and munitions response program development. It was also the Air Force agent for restoration technology transfer. AFCEE identified and validated environmental research and development requirements, managed demonstration projects, and maintained technical libraries. The Center provided technical support to the Air Force Legal Services Agency's Environmental Law and Litigation Division, and the Department of Justice on issues relating to Air Force Third Party Site environmental liabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="5934017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934017" title="Harding Home">
Harding Home

The Harding Home, in Marion, Ohio, was the residence of Warren G. Harding, twenty-ninth president of the United States. Harding and his future wife, Florence, designed the Queen Anne Style house in 1890, a year before their marriage. They were married there and lived there for 30 years before his election to the presidency.
Like James A. Garfield, an earlier U.S. president from Ohio, Harding conducted his election campaign mainly from the house's expansive front porch. During the 3 month front porch campaign, over 600,000 people traveled to the Harding Home to listen to Warren speak. Harding paid $1,000 dollars to have a Sears catalog house built behind his home so newspaper reporters had workspace to type their stories. George Christian (Warren's next door neighbor and Press Secretary) allowed his home to be used as Republican Headquarters for the campaign. 
The house is surrounded by an expansive, elaborately detailed porch. Entry to the house is through a reception hall, with a parlor on the left. A dining room and Harding's office are also in the first floor. There are four bedrooms on the second floor and a bathroom. Built-in closets are an unusual feature for the time.
Mrs. Harding bequeathed the house to the Harding Memorial Association. The Ohio Historical Society now operates the home as a historic house museum and a memorial. The restored house contains almost all original furnishings owned by President Harding and his wife. The adjacent press house features exhibits about the lives of President and Mrs. Harding. The collection at the Harding Home is over 5,000 original artifacts that belonged to Warren and Florence Harding. 

</doc>
<doc id="5934019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934019" title="76 mm divisional gun M1902/30">
76 mm divisional gun M1902/30

76 mm divisional gun M1902/30 () was a Soviet modernized version of the Russian World War I 76 mm divisional gun M1902, employed in the early stages of the German-Soviet War.
Development history.
The M1902 gun was the mainstay of Russian Empire artillery; as such it was extensively used in World War I and the Russian Civil War and remained in service in former parts of the Russian Empire (Soviet Union, Poland, Finland). It was also adopted by some other countries (Romania, Turkey). By 1928, the M1902 formed the bulk of the Red Army's 2,500 artillery pieces.
The M1902 had some reserves for enhancing its firepower. In 1927-1930 more than 20 modernized pieces were tried out. In the end it was decided to adopt the a gun developed at the Perm Plant, by a team headed by E. N. Sidorenko. The result of this modernization was a semi-new gun with drastically improved performance.
This modernization included lengthening the barrel from 30 to 40 calibers, making a hole in the single trail carriage to allow a larger elevation angle, installing a balancing mechanism and adding a new panoramic sight. As a result of such enhancements the muzzle velocity reached 662 m/s, the elevation angle was increased from 17 to 37 degrees and the maximal range was increased from 8,500 to 13,290 m. From 1931 only new L40 barrels were produced. In the mid-1930s a new 6.3 kg armour-piercing round was introduced, giving the M1930 gun the ability to penetrate 56 mm armour at 500 m under 30 degrees meet angle from normal direction and 49 mm armour at a distance of 1,000 m under the same conditions. Direct fire distance was 820 m at 2 m target height. The modernized M1930 gun could easily dispatch any tank of the 1930s, including the new French vehicles Somua S35 and B1 bis.
However the modernization did not address the low mobility and small traverse angle of the gun due to its remaining single trail carriage without suspension. Maximal, horse-drawn, transport speed was only 6–7 km/h. This limited the anti-tank effectiveness of the M1902/30 and essentially rendered the gun obsolete in swift and maneuver warfare, so it was phased out of production in 1937 when the new divisional gun, the F-22, was adopted.
Service.
By 1 June 1941 the RKKA possessed 2,066 M1902 and 2,411 M1902/30 guns. In the beginning of the German-Soviet War these guns were gradually replaced by more advanced F-22, F-22USV and ZiS-3 76 mm divisional guns. Guns withdrawn from front-line service were transferred to the artillery regiments of riflemen divisions in rear military districts of the Soviet Union until they were finally replaced by ZiS-3.

</doc>
<doc id="5934020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934020" title="Bendigo Airport (Victoria)">
Bendigo Airport (Victoria)

Bendigo Airport is located in East Bendigo just north of Bendigo, Victoria, Australia, just off the Midland Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="5934023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934023" title="In a Shanty in Old Shanty Town">
In a Shanty in Old Shanty Town

"In a Shanty in Old Shanty Town" is a popular song written by Ira Schuster and Jack Little with lyrics by Joe Young, published in 1932. Ted Lewis and His Band performed it in the film "The Crooner" in 1932. His version was released as a single and it went to #1, where it remained for 10 weeks.
The Johnny Long and His Orchestra had a million seller of the song in 1946. This version was a slight revision of the Long band's 1940 version. Their version reached #13. Jerry Lee Lewis recorded a version in the winter of 1958/1959. Somethin' Smith and the Redheads re-charted the song in 1956 where it reached #27.
In the contemporary 'stock' dance-band orchestration published by B. Feldman & Co., sole agents for M. Witmark & Sons (arranged by Frank Skinner) credit is given thus: words by Joe Young and music by Little Jack Little and John Siras. Ira Schuster is not given credit. Ira Schuster is also not mentioned in the credits for the song in the 1940 film "Always A Bride" or in the 1951 film "Lullaby of Broadway" starring Doris Day.

</doc>
<doc id="5934031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934031" title="Camp Rhino">
Camp Rhino

Forward operating base (FOB) Rhino, also known as Camp Rhino, was the first US land base established in Afghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom. It was located in the Registan Desert, southwest of Kandahar.
History.
The site was observed by United States Navy SEALs for four days prior to Operation Rhino led by the United States Army's 75th Ranger Regiment (3rd Ranger Battalion) and the 101st Airborne Division. The raid included both Airborne and Air Assault insertions.
Subsequently to Operation Rhino, Objective Rhino was handed off to U.S. Marines from the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit (15th MEU) and Charlie Company BLT 1/1 (Battalion Landing Team) where they set up Camp Rhino in order for coalition forces to continue leading combat operations throughout Kandahar.
Before the Rangers' capture of Objective Rhino, it is believed that the small desert outpost was being built for use as a drug distribution hub.
The facility was surrounded by a wall and four hardened guard towers. Within the facility there were numerous new warehouses, offices, and even a small mosque which was declared off limits to all personnel as a sign of respect. The paint on some of the buildings was barely dry. Sealed roads ran throughout the camp, and it was also bisected by a cement moat.
Camp Rhino was in use from 26 November 2001 to 1 January 2002. At its peak, the camp contained about 1100 U.S. Marines, under command of Brigadier General James Mattis, as well as U.S. soldiers and sailors, Australian Special Air Service Regiment (SASR), and dozens of embedded reporters.
Strategic importance.
Camp Rhino was the US-led coalition's first strategic foothold in Afghanistan and made the ground war in Afghanistan possible. While Rhino was being established, fierce battles between Taliban and Northern Alliance troops were still underway near Kandahar. But then the Taliban, realizing that US forces were now very close and were willing to operate at night, capitulated and retreated north to the mountains of Tora Bora.
Relieved at Camp Rhino by the 26th MEU, a Light Armored Reconnaissance Element of the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit and coalition forces then deployed forward to capture the Taliban stronghold of Kandahar International Airport in mid-December 2001, following a three-week period of consolidation at Rhino.
Kandahar International Airport then became the main coalition base in southern Afghanistan, while Bagram Air Base was established further to the north near Kabul. The majority of forces who had initially based out of Rhino had re-located to Kandahar by Christmas Day.

</doc>
<doc id="5934036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934036" title="Vote for Larry">
Vote for Larry

Vote for Larry is a comedic political fictional romantic novel by Janet Tashjian. The book is the sequel to "The Gospel According to Larry", and stems around the United States presidential election in 2004.
Premise.
Josh Swensen becomes a reluctant celebrity when his anti-commercialist alter ego "Larry" gains teenage followers world wide. Josh fakes "Larry's" own death and hides in Boulder, Colorado under the alias of Mark. When his past catches up with him, he must once again face the public as "Larry". He has difficulty maintaining his austerity, problems with his girlfriend and ex-girlfriend, a threat from his nemesis betagold, self-identity problems and the rather unusual problem of running for U.S. President. Among other problems is the problem of almost being killed by an opponent in the candidacy for president. In this book, the fictional Congress passes a constitutional amendment to lower the presidential age requirement to 18.
Point of view/style.
The novel is written in the first person with the perspective coming from the main character, Josh Swensen. With the main character being 18 at the end of the narrative, the style comes off as plain, direct, and using language familiar to younger adults.
Setting.
The story initially takes place in Colorado, but then the narrative develops into a nationwide setting. The time period in the novel begins in mid to late 2003 and ends sometime after Election Day in 2004. The time period of the novel attempts to match the process of a presidential election by following the primary schedule, the convention schedule, and other key campaign events such as fund raising and debating.
Quirks.
In both "The Gospel According to Larry" and "Vote for Larry", there are extensive footnotes that contain many of the jokes.

</doc>
<doc id="5934037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934037" title="Mathieu Blin">
Mathieu Blin

Mathieu Blin (born 20 May 1977 in Paris) is a French rugby union footballer playing Paris club, Stade Français in the elite Top 14 competition. His usual position is at hooker.
In both 2003 and 2004, Stade Français won the French championship, defeating Toulouse in 2003 final, and Perpignan in 2004. The club was also a finalist in the 2005 final, though they were defeated by Biarritz. He scored two tries in Stade's 48 to 8 win over Newcastle in the 2004-05 Heineken Cup quarter-final. They went on to defeat Biarritz in the semi-final, before facing Toulouse in the final at Murrayfield, which they lost. He was a replacement in the 2005-06 Top 14 9–12 semi-final loss against Toulouse.

</doc>
<doc id="5934038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934038" title="Echuca Airport">
Echuca Airport

Echuca Airport is located south Echuca, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5934046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934046" title="Cromarty Rose">
Cromarty Rose

MV "Cromarty Rose" was the vehicle ferry serving the Nigg-Cromarty route across the Cromarty Firth, providing a summer only service from 1987 to 2009.
History.
MV "Cromarty Rose" was one of the smallest car ferries in the UK, and the only ferry serving the Black Isle, crossing the Cromarty Firth between Nigg and Cromarty. She is a 50 passenger, 2 car vessel built in 1987 in Ardrossan, Scotland for Seaboard Marine (Nigg) Ltd who operated the Cromarty-Nigg service until 2001. After a tendering process, the contract passed to the Cromarty Ferry Company, who purchased the "Cromarty Rose" from her previous owners.
Service.
Built for the Cromarty service, "Cromarty Rose" operated there from 1987 to 2009. Evening cruises were available for parties of between 10 and 50.
"Cromarty Rose" became the world's smallest drive-in floating cinema in November 2008, with a showing of "The Maggie", to launch the Cromarty Film Festival.
There were some doubts about the future of the service in August 2009 following two engine failures and the resignation of the skipper over concerns about the maintenance standards of the ferry.
In February 2010, Southampton Marine Services announced that they had won a £500,000 contract to build a new ferry for the Cromarty-Nigg service. and "Cromarty Rose" sailed from Cromarty on 16 February 2010, bound for the Bristol Channel, to run a service to the island of Steep Holm and Flat Holm . She was renamed "Westward Ho" by her current owner. She is operated by MW Marine.
The replacement vessel, "Cromarty Queen", arrived in Cromarty on 10 October 2010, and commenced the summer service in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5934050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934050" title="Hamilton Airport (Victoria)">
Hamilton Airport (Victoria)

Hamilton Airport is located north of Hamilton, Victoria, Australia. The airport is about west of Melbourne and is home to Sharp Airlines and the Hamilton Aero Club. The terminal, called the "Sir RM Ansett Terminal" is named after Reginald Miles Ansett.

</doc>
<doc id="5934053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934053" title="Daphne (disambiguation)">
Daphne (disambiguation)

Daphne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934055" title="Prairie Creek">
Prairie Creek

Prairie Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934062" title="Education in Ghana">
Education in Ghana

Education in Ghana from nursery school up to an undergraduate degree level takes about 20 years. Education is compulsory from 4 to 15("basic Education curriculum"). Children begin their education at the age of three or four starting from nursery school to kindergarten, then primary school (elementary school), junior high school and senior high school (secondary school), and finally university. In the past decade, Ghana's spending on education has been around 25 percent of its annual budget.
Since Ghana's independence, the country has been one of the most educational in sub-saharan Africa. Teaching is mainly in English, Ghana's official language.
Education is one of the main challenge of Ghana. The education gap between older generation(born in 1980) and the younger generation shows both the progress made and the one to be done to sustain Ghana's growing economy.
History.
In the pre-colonial times, Education in Ghana was informal: Knowledge and competencies were transmitted orally and through apprenticeships. The arrival of European settlers brought new forms of learning: Between the 16th and the 19TH century, “fort schools”, colonial schools and “mission schools” were providing a bookish education, contributing to the construction of a local elite.
Since the independence in 1957, Education in Ghana has known several major reforms: in 1961, the Education Act introduced the principle of a free and compulsory primary education. As a result, the enrollment almost doubled the next year. This sudden expansion was however hard to handle: Ghana quickly fell short of trained teachers and the quality of the curriculum (lacks in English or in Mathematics) was put into question. Despite the rapid increase of school infrastructures, the enrollment slowly declined until 1973. The year 1974 saw attempts of reforms. Based on the “Dozbo committee report”, they followed 2 goals: reducing the length of pre-tertiary education (The structure primary school/Junior High School/Senior High school was created) and modifying programs in order to promote more practical contents at school. Those reforms were however very partially implemented due to financial limitations and political instability. The GER dropped sharper in the 1980’s, falling below the 70%: Into an economic downturn, the country was failing at solving the deficit of teachers, maintaining the infrastructures and convincing the parents to bet on school instead of a paid work.
The year 1987 marks the beginning of new serie of reforms , financially backed by numerous international organizations and countries. The 1987 Education Act aimed at turning the 1974’s Dozbo committee measures into reality: a national literacy campaign was launched, pre-tertiary education was reduced from 17 to 12 years and vocational education appears in Junior High School. Education was made compulsory from 6 to 14. The reform achieved to impose a new education structure, as well as to increase the enrollment and the number of infrastructure. Yet the promise of a universal access to basic education was not fulfilled. Vocational programs were also considered as a failure. The return to constitutional rule in 1992 gave a new impulse by reclaiming the duty of the state to provide a free and compulsory basic education for all. The local government Act of 1993 initiated the decentralization in education administration, by transferring power to district assemblies. The Free, Compulsory and Universal Basic Education(FCUBE) provided an action plan for the period 1996-2005, focusing on bridging the gender gap in primary-school, improving teaching materials and teacher’s living condition. It was later completed by significant acts, like the creation of the “Council for Technical and Vocational Education and Training” in order to promote vocational education(2006), or the founding of the national accreditation board (2007), introducing a national accreditation for all tertiary level institution. In 2007-2008, the two years in Kindergarten were added to the free and compulsory education (which is now going age 4 to 14).
Statistics.
Ghana's spending on education has been around 25 % of its annual budget in the past decade.
The Ghanaian education system from Kindergarten up to an undergraduate degree level takes 20 years.
The ratio of females to males in the total education system was 96.38% in 2011 and the Ghana education system annually attracts a high-number of foreign students particularly in the tertiary education. The adult literacy rate in Ghana was 71.5% in 2010, with males at 78.3% and females at 65.3%. The youth female and male ages 15–24 years literacy rate in Ghana was 81% in 2010, with males at 82%, and females at 80%.
Since 2008, enrollment has continually increased at all level of education (pre-primary, primary, secondary and tertiary Education).With over 98% of its children in school, Ghana currently has the second highest school enrollment rate in all of Africa.
The number of infrastructures has increased consequently on the same period. Vocational Education (in "TVET institutes", not-including SHS vocational and technical programs) is the only exception, with an enrollment decrease of 1,3% and the disappearance of more than 50 institutions between the years 2011/12 and 2012/2013. This drop would be the result of the low prestige of Vocational Education and the lack of demand from industry.
In 2011/2012, tertiary education gathers 261,962 students: 202,063 in the public sector and 59,899 in the private sector, divided in 142 tertiary institutions
Structure of formal education.
Overview.
The Ghanaian education system is divided in three parts: "Basic Education", secondary cycle and tertiary Education. "Basic Education" lasts 11 years(Age 4-15), is free and compulsory. It is divided into Kindergarten(2 years), primary school(2 module of 3 years) and Junior High school(3 years). The junior high school(JHS) ends on the Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE). Once the BECE achieved, the pupil can pursue into secondary cycle. Secondary cycle can be either comprehensive (assumed by Senior High School) or vocational(assumed by technical Senior High School, Technical and vocational Institutes and a massive private and informal offer). Senior High school lasts three years and ends on the West African Secondary School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). Other secondary institutions leads to various certification and diploma. Tertiary education is basically divided into university (comprehensive Education) and Polytechnics(vocational education). The WASSCE is needed to join a university Bachelor degree program.A bachelor degree lasts 4 years and can be followed by a 1 or 2 year Master. The student is then free to start a Phd, usually completed in 3 years.Polytechnics are opened to vocational students, from SHS or from TVI. A Polytechnic lasts 2 or 3 years. Ghana also possesses numerous colleges of education. The Ghanaian education system from Kindergarten up to an undergraduate degree level takes 20 years.
The academic year usually goes from August to May inclusive. The school year in primary education lasts 40 weeks in Primary school and SHS, and 45 weeks in JHS.
"Basic Education".
Basic Education lasts 11 years. The curriculum is free and compulsory (Age 4-15) and is defined as "the minimum period of schooling needed to ensure that children acquire basic literacy, numeracy and problem solving skills as well as skills for creativity and healthy living". It is divided into Kindergarten, Primary school and Junior High School (JHS), which ends on the Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE).
Kindergartenlasts for 2years (Age 4-6). The program is divided in 6 core areas: Language and Literacy (Language Development),Creative Activities (Drawing and Writing),Mathematics (Number Work), Environmental Studies, Movement and Drama (Music and Dance), and Physical Development (Physical Education)
Primary school lasts 6 years(Age 6-11). The courses taught at the primary or basic school level include English, Akan language and Ghanaian culture, ICT, mathematics, environmental studies, social studies, Mandarin and French as an OIF associated-member; as further languages are added, integrated or general science, pre-vocational skills and pre-technical skills, religious and moral education, and physical activities such as Ghanaian music and dance, and physical education. There is no certificate of completion at the end of primary school.
Junior Secondary School lasts 3 years(Age 12-15). The Junior High School ends on the Basic Education Certificate(BECE), which covers the following subjects:English Language, Ghanaian Language and Culture, Social Studies, Integrated Science, Mathematics, Basic, Design and Technology, Information and Communication Technology, French (optional), Religious and Moral Education.
Secondary cycle.
Students who pass the BECE can proceed into secondary education, general or vocational.
The secondary general education is assumed by the Senior High School(SHS). The SHS curriculum is composed of core subjects, completed by elective subjects(chosen by the students). The core subjects are English language, mathematics, integrated science (including science, ICT and environmental studies) and social studies (economics, geography, history and government). The students then choose 3 or 4 elective subjects from 5 available programmes: agriculture programme, general programme (divided in 2 options: arts or science), business programme, vocational programme and technical programme.
The Senior high school's curriculum is similar to the US High School's: same structure Core/elective classes, and same core classes entitlements. Yet the Ghanaian SHS lasts only 3 years, as a result of numerous reforms: Originally a three years curriculum, it was extended to 4 years in 2007. However, early 2009 this reform was immediately reversed by the new NDC government, making SHS a 3 years curriculum again. The length of the SHS is still a disputed question.
The curriculum ends on a final exam called the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE), formerly called Senior Secondary School Certificate (SSSC) before 2007. A SHS ranking is established every year by the Statistics, Research, Information, Management and Public Relations (SRIMPR) Division of the Ministry of Education, based on the WASSCE results.
Vocational and technical Education (also called “TVET”) takes different forms. After obtaining the BECE, students who wish to pursue in vocational Education have two main possibilities: Following the vocational and technical programs as elective courses in a SHS, or joining a technical and vocational institute(TVI).
SHS students follow the usual SHS 3 year curriculum. They can then – provided sufficient results at the WASSCE – join a university or polytechnic program. TVI students usually follow a 4 year curriculum, divided in two cycle of two years, leading to “awards from City & Guilds, the Royal Society of Arts or the West African Examinations Council". They can then pursue into a polytechnic program. The state of vocational education sector remains however obscure in Ghana: 90% of the vocational education is still informal, taking the form of apprenticeship. The offer of formal vocational education within the private sector is also hard to define and the ministry of Education recognizes even its incapacity to give a clear overview of the public vocational education, many ministries having their own programs.
International schools:
there are also international schools such as the Takoradi International School, Tema International School, Galaxy International School, The Roman Ridge School, Lincoln Community School, Faith Montessori School, American International School, Association International School, New Nation School, SOS Hermann Gmeiner International College and International Community School, which offer the International Baccalaureat, Advanced Level General Certificate of Education and the International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE).
Tertiary education.
Tertiary education in Ghana has been notably growing during the last twenty years, both in terms of enrollment and infrastructures. A substantial part of this development come from the private sector.
Universities(6 public and 49 private institutions) offer an academic education, from bachelor to Phd. Students are admitted based on their performance at the W.A.S.S.C.E(West African Senior School Certificate Examination"): A maximum of 24 points is generally required in order to enter a Bachelor degree program(see Grading system in Ghana). A bachelor degree is usually completed after four years of majoring in a specific field of interest. Master degrees are mostly of two sorts: A one year program, concluded with a final paper based on a literature study, or a two year program, concluded with a final paper based on year of independent research. Both can lead to a Phd, taking usually 3 years within a doctoral program.
Polytechnics (10 institutions) offer a vocational education. They usually propose a 3-year curriculum, leading to a Higher National Diploma(HND). The students have then the possibility to follow a special 18 month program to achieve a Bachelor of Technology degree.
Ghana also possesses many specialized "colleges of education", public or private. They are usually specialized in one field (colleges of agriculture p.e) or in one work-traing (Nursing training colleges, teacher training colleges, p.e).
With the rise of enrollment in secondary education, competition for joining higher education institution has globally increased: In 2001, the university of Ghana had admitted 96% of the relevant applications it had received. In 2011, this acceptance rate had fallen to 52%.
This increasing selectivity highlights inequalities in Ghana regarding Education: Being a woman or living in a rural area can reduce the chance of reaching tertiary Education. Socioeconomic status is also a factor of exclusion, as studying at the highest level is expensive: Public universities have no tuition fee but usually imply other charges: registration fee, technology fee, examination fee, academic facility user fee, medical services fee. These charges can lead to self-censorship behaviors, some students choosing, for instance, Teacher Training Colleges (where the government distribute stipends) instead of joining a university.
Policies has been developed to limit those inequalities: Some universities have, for instance, lowered their minimum entry requirement or created scholarship for students from the "less-endowed secondary school". A "Girls Education unit" has been created by the government within the Ghana Education Service, in order to reduce gender-biased disparities: The unit tries to tackle the problem at its source, focusing on the "basic Education" to avoid high female school drop-out from to . Progresses have been made: The proportion of girls in Higher Education has increased from 25%(1999) to 32%(2005).Yet gender still generates inequality, for numerous reasons: Hostile school environment, priority given to the boys in poor families, perpetuation of "gender roles" ("a woman belongs to the household"), early customary marriages, teenage pregnancy...
The higher Education is still mostly occupied by a small elite: 
Grading system.
Ghana’s grading system is different at every point in education. Through the kindergarten to the junior high, every grade a student gains is written in terms of numbers instead of alphabets. There is no system of pluses and minuses (no "1+"’s or "6+"’s as grades).
Senior high school
Until 2007, Senior secondary High school ended with the Senior secondary School Certificate(SSSC). Its grading system went from A to E. In 2007, the SSSC was replaced by the West African Secondary School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). The WASSCE grading system adds numbers to the letters, offering a larger scale of evaluation. In both systems, each grade refers to a certain number of points. In order to join a Bachelor degree program, applicants are usually asked not to exceed 24 points at their WASSCE/SSSC.
Tertiary education
The grading system varies depending of the institution. Almost all the tertiary institutions are based on the Grade Point Average (G.P.A) as a way of assessing whether a student is failing or passing. But individual schools have their own way of calculating GPA's, because of their individualized marking schemes. For example, a mark of 80 may be an A in a school, but may be an A+ in another school.
ICT in education.
Computer technology use for teaching and learning began to receive governments’ attention in the past decade. The ICT in Education Policy of Ghana requires the use of ICT for teaching and learning at all levels of the education system. Attempts have been made by the Ministry of Education (MOE) to support institutions in teaching of ICT literacy. Most secondary, and some basic, schools have computers laboratories.
A recent study on Pedagogical integration of ICTs from 2009 - 2011 in 10 Ghanaian schools indicates that there is a gap between the policy directives and actual practices in schools. The emphasis of the official curricula is on the development of students’ skills in operating ICTs but not necessarily using the technology as a means of learning subjects other than ICTs. The study also found that the MOE is currently at the stage of deployment of ICT resources for developing the needed ICT literacy required for integration into teaching/learning.
External links.
State-Institutions
Data and reports from external institutions 

</doc>
<doc id="5934065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934065" title="Harvest Storm">
Harvest Storm

Harvest Storm is the third studio album by Altan, released in 1992 on the Green Linnet label.
Track listing.
All titles arranged by Altan.
All titles are traditional except the following:
"Mo Choill" ("My Love") is a song from a lady called "Rose of the songs" who had so many songs that she was known all over Ireland by a lot of people. It's a sad song about a man who goes off to sea and leaves his beloved one behind.

</doc>
<doc id="5934076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934076" title="Kupferberg">
Kupferberg

Kupferberg is a municipality in the district of Kulmbach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated in the Frankenwald, 9 km northeast of Kulmbach.

</doc>
<doc id="5934079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934079" title="Yelbeghen">
Yelbeghen

Yelbeghen (Йилбегән, "Yilbegän" or "Yelbegän", Tatar: "Cilbegän" / Җилбегән) is a multi-headed man-eating monster in the mythology of Turkic peoples of Siberia, as well as Siberian Tatars. 
Turkish Dragon.
In some myths Yilbegän is a winged dragon or serpent-like creature, while in others he is an ogre-like behemoth who rides a 99-horned ox. Some epics feature multiple Yilbegän with different numbers of heads who are the offspring of Altan Sibaldai, "the golden witch", a cohort of the lord of the underworld. Some epics also mention a Yilbegän king named "Yelmogus". 
In a legend of the Altai, there was a seven-headed ogre, Yelbeghen, taking revenge from the Sun and the Moon, and used to eat them. The god Ulgen shot arrows to Yelbeghen. This ogre sometimes chewed the stars in his mouth and broke them into pieces and then spit them out. Therefore, stars used to run away from him into the sky... According to Altai people, eclipse of the Moon used to take place because of this ogre. For this reason, when there is moon eclipse they say: ‘’Again Yelbegen (seven-headed ogre) ate the Moon...’’
Yelbeghen, sometimes "Yelmogus" is generally considered to be a creature separate from dragons and a polar opposite to them in its nature. It is a being of pure evil, a dragon-like beast and dreadful monster with no reason, that usually lives in dark and hostile places, or guards unreachable locations in fairy-tales. It is often multi-headed (with 3, 7 or 9 heads) and breathes fire. It is considered as "extremely intelligent, wise and knowledgeable" creature of "superhuman / supernatural" strength and proficiency in magic, very rich (usually described as having castles of enormous riches hidden in distant lands) and often lustful for women, with whom it is capable of making offspring. It often breathes fire and is generally accepted as a highly respected being, and while not always being benevolent, never as an entirely evil creature. Legends were spread about many historical and mythical heroes that they were conceived by a dragon.
Yalpaghan Khan.
Yalpaghan Khan (Turkish: "Yalpağan") is the dragon god of Altai and Turkish mythologies. He is the king of all the dragons. He also seems like a dragon with seven heads at any time.

</doc>
<doc id="5934080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934080" title="Please Don't Talk About Me When I'm Gone">
Please Don't Talk About Me When I'm Gone

"Please Don't Talk About Me When I'm Gone" was written by Sam H. Stept with lyrics by Sidney Clare. The original publication also credited singer Bee Palmer as co-composer. The song was published in 1930. The chorus uses virtually the same chord sequence as the 1925 composition "Has Anybody Seen My Gal?". The lyrics are an admonishment between parting lovers, where the singer asks the other to either speak nicely of her, or not at all.
A diverse group of performers have recorded this jazz standard over the years, including Ethel Waters, The Mills Brothers, Willie Nelson, Frank Sinatra, Rita Reys, Dean Martin, Ray Price, Sammy Davis, Jr, Jerry Lee Lewis, Ann-Margret, Bob Wills, Piano Red, Billie Holiday, and Bill Haley & His Comets, a duet between Harry Connick, Jr. and Carmen McRae, Leon Redbone, and as recently as 2007 by Manteca Beat and by The Original Rabbit Foot Spasm Band in 2009. Television anchor Edwin Newman sang the song during his hosting of "Saturday Night Live" in 1984.
This song is sung by Norma Shearer's character Mary Haines in the 1939 film The Women as a joke when she leaves her girl friends alone at tea while she takes a call from her philandering husband Stephen Haines.
In the Disney animated film Bambi, Thumper's mother echoes the lyrical advice, "If you can't say anything real nice, it's better not to talk at all".
The song was also sung by the character Michigan J. Frog in the 1955 Warner Bros. animated short "One Froggy Evening".
This song is also featured on Ella Fitzgerald's 1979 performance with Count Basie & His Orchestra, "A Perfect Match".
In August 2007, a recording of the song with Dean Martin and Robbie Williams was released. Jamie Cullum also performed the song on the last Michael Parkinson chat show in December 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5934083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934083" title="Finn Christian Jagge">
Finn Christian Jagge

Finn Christian "Finken" Jagge (born April 4, 1966 in Oslo) is a former Norwegian Alpine skier. He is the son of alpine skier Liv Jagge and tennis player Finn Dag Jagge. In the World Cup he won seven slalom victories. His career highlight came with the gold medal in the slalom competition at the 1992 Olympics in Albertville. He represented Bærums SK, and retired in 2000. He now works for the Norwegian telecom company Ludo
References.
Sports Reference
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5934086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934086" title="Aleix Espargaró">
Aleix Espargaró

Aleix Espargaró (born 30 July 1989 in Granollers, Spain) is a Spanish motorcycle road racer.
Career.
In 2006, Espagaró moved to the 250cc class of Grand Prix Motorcycle World Championship racing mid-season, from the 125cc class. After Sebastian Porto ended his career, Martin Cardenas replaced Porto, and Aleix took Cardenas' spot.
For , Espagaró was offered a deal with the Italian Campetella Racing team but they withdrew, leaving himwithout a permanent ride, but had two substitute appearances at Assen and Sachsenring for the Balatonring Team. He also acted as a Moto2 development rider. On 19 August 2009, it was announced Espargaró would race for Pramac Racing in MotoGP in Indianapolis and Misano. He replaced Mika Kallio, who in turn replaced Casey Stoner at the Ducati works team.
On 6 October 2009, it was announced that Espargaró had signed an agreement with Pramac Ducati to race in the 2010 MotoGP Championship. He replaced Niccolò Canepa in the team. He also replaced the injured Canepa for the last two races of the 2009 season in Sepang and Valencia.
After a year back in Moto2 in 2011, Espargaro returned to the MotoGP class, and was the highest-placed CRT rider for the 2012 season.
In the year 2013, he was in the MotoGP class and has the same achievement in 2012.
In 2014, he recorded his first ever pole position at the Dutch TT at Assen, coming in his 150th Grand Prix weekend.
Personal life.
His younger brother Pol is also a Grand Prix motorcycle racer, and competed alongside Aleix in Moto2 in .
Aleix is known for adoring FC Barcelona and also Bojan Krkic, whom he finally met at the Gran Premi De Catalunya in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5934087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934087" title="Premont">
Premont

Premont may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5934088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934088" title="Marc Harrison">
Marc Harrison

Marc Harrison (1 July 1936, New York City–September 22, 1998) was an industrial designer and pioneer of universal design. As the result of a brain injury when he was 11 years old, Harrison had to relearn basic functions such as walking and talking and thus gained inspiration for this career in industrial design.
Harrison earned his BFA in industrial design at Pratt Institute in 1958, and his MFA from Cranbrook Academy of Art in 1959. After a brief stint of freelance designing in New York City, Harrison took a position teaching at Rhode Island School of Design (RISD), where he became instrumental in establishing the Division of Architecture and Design. He believed in the importance of organic thought and the inclusion of liberal arts courses to enhance students' education, making them better designers.
He died in 1998 of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Design career.
Universal Design.
The design philosophy of the time was that products should be designed for those of average shape, size, and ability. Though the intention was that these products would work for many people, the elderly and disabled found products designed by this method to be difficult to use. Harrison turned this philosophy on its head by deciding that products should be designed for people of all abilities. This was the pioneering of a philosophy that came to be known as universal design. Harrison incorporated this design philosophy into projects both at RISD and with his private consulting firm, Marc Harrison Associates.
Famous designs.
Harrison's most famous design, which incorporated this philosophy, was the Cuisinart food processor. Harrison redesigned the food processor with large and easily pressed buttons, large and easily grasped handles, and a bold readable typeface. The new design was a success. By designing a food processor that could be used by consumers with arthritis and/or poor eyesight, Harrison had created a product that was accessible to people with a wide range of abilities. The Cuisinart food processor was extremely popular with the general public.
The Universal Kitchen.
Towards the end of his life, Harrison became involved with a RISD project, the "Universal Kitchen" that embraced the concepts of universal design. The design study, undertaken by RISD students, analyzed every aspect of the kitchen in order to restructure it to meet the needs of varying abilities. Students documented each step in the process of cooking a meal in a conventional kitchen in order to develop a more efficient, time saving, and user-friendly model. Based on their findings, the students built a prototype "Universal Kitchen." Harrison died before the project was completed.
The prototype "Universal Kitchen" was exhibited at the Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum in October 1998.
Further Applications of Universal Design.
Since universal design was first defined as "The design of products and environments to be usable by all people, to the greatest extent possible, without the need for adaptation or specialized design" it has been applied to many fields, including instruction, technology, services, and the built environment.

</doc>
<doc id="5934092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934092" title="Horsham Airport">
Horsham Airport

Horsham Airport is located northwest of Horsham, Victoria, Australia. The terminal is called the "Wade Memorial Terminal".

</doc>
<doc id="5934112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934112" title="Rowanfield">
Rowanfield

Rowanfield is a neighbourhood in Cheltenham, England. It consists primarily of a social housing estate of Wimpey no-fines houses and low-rise flats, built around 1953, with Rowanfield School and a playing field to the West separating it from Hesters Way and also the older Rowanfield Road to the East. To the south-west Rowanfield borders the district of St Mark's. Rowanfield is located 1.5 miles west of the centre of Cheltenham.
History.
Until the Second World War, the area between Brooklyn Road and Rowanfield Road was an orchard primarily producing cider apples. All the names of the avenues were named after the counties of England (except "Cambridge Avenue" and "Bedford Avenue", presumably since "Cambridgeshire" and "Bedfordshire" were considered too long). There is a grass square on Norfolk Avenue (at times known as "Norfolk Square" or the nickname of the "green") in the middle of the estate where the council put up swings and a roundabout. These were taken away sometime in the 1950s after complaints of misuse late at night. Cheltenham's King George the Fifth playing field is set to the east of the estate.
Facilities.
Rowanfield has a small collection of local shops known as Rowanfield Exchange, located near the northern end of Devon Avenue. It includes a fish and chip shop, newsagent, Launderette and bookmaker. The pub opposite (at the time "Cotterills Bar", named after the manager of Cheltenham Town Football Club and boldly decorated in the club's colours, previously "The Golden Miller") was demolished in 2004 an is now an foreign exchange shared house owned by Gloucestershire College
Political.
Rowanfield falls within the Cheltenham parliamentary constituency and the local council ward of "Rowanfield and St Marks". It is within the South West England European Parliament constituency.
Other information.
Around half of the houses in Rowanfield are owner-occupied as of 2006; the remainder are owned by the local authority, Cheltenham Borough Council. Council-owned no-fines houses benefitted from the installation of clearly visible external insulation panelling and improved ventilation to address perceived disadvantages with the no-fines construction.
The road layout has a geometric style typical of planned social housing.

</doc>
<doc id="5934117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934117" title="Kerang Airport">
Kerang Airport

Kerang Airport is located southeast of Kerang, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5934124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934124" title="Island Angel">
Island Angel

Island Angel is the fourth studio album by Altan, released in 1993 on the Green Linnet label.
Track listing.
All arrangements are by Altan.
All titles are traditional except the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5934127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934127" title="Carl Grubert">
Carl Grubert

Carl Alfred Grubert, Jr. (September 11, 1911 - September 26, 1979) was an American cartoonist who drew the comic strip, "The Berrys" for more than three decades.
A 1934 alumnus of the University of Wisconsin–Madison, Grubert served in the United States Navy during World War II. He worked in advertising in Chicago, Illinois prior to his cartoonist career.
Family funnies.
Grubert's "The Berrys" was syndicated from 1942 to 1974, and during that long run, the strip chronicled the lives of the Berry family members–father Peter, mother Pat, daughter Jill, son Jackie and baby brother Jimmie.
Grubert died in 1979, five years after the conclusion of his strip.

</doc>
<doc id="5934128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934128" title="Leongatha Airport">
Leongatha Airport

Leongatha Airport is located southwest of Leongatha, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5934137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934137" title="Kuppenheim">
Kuppenheim

Kuppenheim is a town in the district of Rastatt, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is located on the river Murg, 5 km southeast of Rastatt, and 8 km north of Baden-Baden.

</doc>
<doc id="5934147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934147" title="Mallacoota Airport">
Mallacoota Airport

Mallacoota Airport is located at Mallacoota, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5934156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934156" title="The Blunderer">
The Blunderer

The Blunderer is a psychological thriller by Patricia Highsmith, first published in 1954 by Coward-McCann. It is Highsmith's third novel. It was brought back into print in the US in 2001 by W. W. Norton & Company.
Synopsis.
For years, mild mannered lawyer Walter Stackhouse has suffered as a result of his neurotic, unstable wife Clara, whose constant alienation of all his friends, coupled with her penchant for overly dramatic gestures, has slowly driven him to hate her. After he becomes infatuated with the sweet and sensuous music teacher Ellie Briess, Clara jealously attempts suicide via an overdose, forcing him into her arms once again. However, he eventually stands his ground and demands a divorce. When Clara subsequently turns up dead, having fallen off a cliff during a bus trip to see her dying mother, Walter finds himself blundering around in the dark as the official investigation ensues. He admits that he stalked her bus in his car, whilst daydreaming about the possibility of killing her at the first stop, just as Melchior J. Kimmel, a 40-year-old bookshop manager, murdered his own domineering partner Helen, an unsolved crime that Walter had read of in the paper and grown fascinated by. 
Both men soon encounter the formidable, possibly psychotic Lieutenant Lawrence Corby, a police officer with savage ambition who is convinced of their guilt and believes that they are somehow in cahoots with one another. He soon begins encroaching on his suspects' lives, sowing the seeds of doubt into the minds of those they care for and even ferociously assaulting Kimmel.

</doc>
<doc id="5934163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934163" title="Prentiss">
Prentiss

Prentiss can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934176" title="Mangalore Airport (Victoria)">
Mangalore Airport (Victoria)

Mangalore Airport is located west Mangalore, Victoria, Australia. The airport is about 2 hours north of Melbourne by road, and is home to the Helicopter Pilot College and Kestrel Aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="5934177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934177" title="New Jersey Air National Guard">
New Jersey Air National Guard

The New Jersey Air National Guard (NJ ANG) is the air force militia of the State of New Jersey, United States of America. It is, along with the New Jersey Army National Guard, an element of the New Jersey National Guard. 
As state militia units, the units in the New Jersey Air National Guard are not in the normal United States Air Force chain of command. They are under the jurisdiction of the Governor of New Jersey though the office of the New Jersey Adjutant General unless they are federalized by order of the President of the United States. The New Jersey Air National Guard is headquartered at Atlantic City Air National Guard Base, Egg Harbor, and its commander is Brigadier General Robert C. Bolton.
Overview.
Under the "Total Force" concept, New Jersey Air National Guard units are considered to be Air Reserve Components (ARC) of the United States Air Force (USAF). New Jersey ANG units are trained and equipped by the Air Force and are operationally gained by a Major Command of the USAF if federalized. In addition, the New Jersey Air National Guard forces are assigned to Air Expeditionary Forces and are subject to deployment tasking orders along with their active duty and Air Force Reserve counterparts in their assigned cycle deployment window.
Along with their federal reserve obligations, as state militia units the elements of the New Jersey ANG are subject to being activated by order of the Governor to provide protection of life and property, and preserve peace, order and public safety. State missions include disaster relief in times of earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and forest fires, search and rescue, protection of vital public services, and support to civil defense.
Components.
The New Jersey Air National Guard consists of the following major units:
History.
World War I.
The New Jersey Air National Guard origins date to 5 June 1917 with the establishment of the 5th Aviation School Squadron at Langley Field, Virginia. In September 1917 it was re-designated as the 119th Aero Squadron. The squadron was not deployed overseas during World War I, and after the 1918 Armistice with Germany was demobilized in 1919. 
The 141st Aero Squadron (Pursuit) was an Air Service, United States Army pursuit squadron, and part of the American Expeditionary Force deployed to France. It was assigned to the 4th Pursuit Group, VI Corps, Air Service, Second United States Army, AEF near the end of World War I. The 141st was involved in 13 combats, the only pursuit squadron of the VI Corps, Air Service, Second Army to do so, and was credited with shooting down two enemy aircraft.
Its combat commander, Hobey Baker, was a famous hockey and football star at Princeton before the war. It was said, Hobey preferred Ivy League men in his unit, preferably from Princeton. Indeed he painted the aircraft in his squadron in Princeton colors: Orange and Black. Captain Hobey Baker was killed on December 21, 1918 when he took a SPAD XIII up for one last ride. The SPAD developed engine trouble while taking off and Baker died when the aircraft crashed soon thereafter.
On 8 September 1973 By order of the Secretary of the Air Force, the 141st Aero Squadron (Pursuit), demobilized on 19 July 1919 was reconstituted and allotted to the State of New Jersey. It was ordered consolidated with the 141st Tactical Fighter Squadron. The consolidated unit was designated as the 141st Tactical Fighter Squadron and was extended federal recognition by the National Guard Bureau same date.
New Jersey National Guard.
The Militia Act of 1903 established the present National Guard system, units raised by the states but paid for by the Federal Government, liable for immediate state service. If federalized by Presidential order, they fall under the regular military chain of command. On 1 June 1920, the Militia Bureau issued Circular No.1 on organization of National Guard air units. 
The squadron was reactivated in 1930 when it was reorganized as the 119th Observation Squadron, New Jersey National Guard, at Metropolitan Airport, Newark, New Jersey as an air arm of the 44th Division Aviation and received federal recognition in January 1930. 
In 1934, aircraft of the 119th Observation Squadron were dispatched to the scene of the "Morro Castle", a ship burning off the coast of Asbury Park, New Jersey. Many hours were spent flying over the ship and adjacent water assisting in the direction of rescue efforts and locating survivors. The 119th Observation Squadron was ordered into active service on 16 September 1940 as part of the buildup of the Army Air Corps prior to the United States entry into World War II.
New Jersey Air National Guard.
On 24 May 1946, the United States Army Air Forces, in response to dramatic postwar military budget cuts, imposed by President Harry S. Truman, allocated inactive unit designations to the National Guard Bureau for the formation of an Air Force National Guard. These unit designations were allotted and transferred to various State National Guard bureaus to provide them unit designations to re-establish them as Air National Guard units.
The modern New Jersey ANG received federal recognition on 9 February 1947 as the 119th Fighter Squadron at Newark Airport. It was equipped with F-51D Mustangs and its mission was the air defense of the state. 18 September 1947, however, is considered the New Jersey Air National Guard's official birth concurrent with the establishment of the United States Air Force as a separate branch of the United States military under the National Security Act 
In May 1949, the 108th Fighter Group and 141st Fighter Squadron were extended federal recognition at Mercer Airport, Trenton. During the Korean War, The 108th was called to active federal service on 1 March 1951 and assigned to Strategic Air Command 40th Air Division. In its activated configuration, the wing was composed of the 141st Fighter Squadron (New Jersey ANG), 149th Fighter Squadron (Virginia ANG) and the 153rd Fighter Squadron (Mississippi ANG). The Wing was sent to Turner AFB, Georgia where it continued its mission to provide fighter escorts to SAC bombers on training missions. In December 1951 it was moved to Godman AFB, Kentucky where it replaced a unit deployed to England. It was released from active duty and returned to New Jersey state control on 10 November 1952.
After the Korean War mobilization, tn 30 November 1952, the Trenton units were moved to McGuire Air Force Base. In February 1956 due to congestion at Newark Airport, the 119th Fighter squadron was moved from Newark to McGuire AFB. The NJ ANG was expanded with the formation of the 150th Air Transport Squadron also at McGuire. In August 1958, the 119th was moved from McGuire to the National Aviation Facilities Experimental Center, Atlantic City. On 15 October 1962, the 119th was authorized to expand to a group level, and the 177th Tactical Fighter Group was established by the National Guard Bureau. The 119th TFS becoming the group's flying squadron.
Today, the 108th Wing (108 WG) provides aerial refueling support to Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps and allied nation aircraft. The 177th Fighter Wing (177 FW) provides a Homeland Security air defense mission to the Eastern Air Defense Sector (EADS) and the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) 
After the September 11th, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States, elements of every Air National Guard unit in New Jersey has been activated in support of the Global War on Terrorism. Flight crews, aircraft maintenance personnel, communications technicians, air controllers and air security personnel were engaged in Operation Noble Eagle air defense overflights of major United States cities. Also, New Jersey ANG units have been deployed overseas as part of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq as well as other locations as directed. The New Jersey Air Guard has flown over 17,000 hours in the Middle East during ongoing operations for the Global War on Terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="5934184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934184" title="Celebrity Bowling">
Celebrity Bowling

Celebrity Bowling is an American syndicated sports series hosted by Jed Allan that ran from January 16, 1971, to September 1978. The series was produced in Los Angeles at Metromedia Square, the studios of KTTV.
Each week, the show featured four celebrities, on a pair of AMF or Brunswick lanes installed inside KTTV's studios, pitted against each other in teams of two. Victorious teams won prizes for studio audience members based upon the level of winning scores.
The weekly series was a by-product of "The Celebrity Bowling Classic", a 90-minute TV special produced in 1969 for the Metromedia-owned stations, benefitting the Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr. Foundation. 
Joe Siegman created the series, and he and Don Gregory produced 144 episodes for their 7-10 Productions.
Rules.
Four celebrities played each game, separated into two pairs. The rules of the game were known as "best ball;" for each frame, both members of each team would roll a ball on their own lane. If neither of the two teammates rolled a strike, then the person who rolled the worse shot (either a split or whoever knocked down the fewest pins) would then roll for the spare on the other lane.
Each team was tied to a viewer at home, who would win prizes based upon the score the pair accumulated in the game. The viewer would win increasingly valuable prizes, mostly home appliances, if a team scored 120, 150, 180, or 210 points (with the highest category usually resulting in the viewer winning a car).
Revivals.
In 1987, 26 episodes of "The New Celebrity Bowling" were produced for national syndication. Jed Allan again hosted.
In 2008, TVS Television Network began producing "Celebrity Bowling" for TV syndication, using the AMF Lanes at the Silver Nugget Casino in North Las Vegas, Nevada. Host of the new version is veteran Las Vegas TV sports anchor Ron Futrell.
A new version, called "Stars and Strikes", produced by Don Gregory, will be taping at the Lucky Strike bowling center inside L.A. Live, and is scheduled to air in the spring of 2011. The format will be the same as the original.
Episode status.
All episodes are assumed to exist, with syndication rights being held by the Peter Rodgers Organization. Episodes have aired on ESPN Classic, the Retro Television Network, My Family TV, and on the Roku device on the N2TV channel; as of 2014, Me-TV owns the rights to the show.
DVD Release.
A three DVD set (containing fifteen episodes) was released on June 14th, 2011 by S'More Entertainment. This was followed by a second volume later that year, which contained two episodes featuring the kids from "The Brady Bunch" playing, and a third volume of two episodes with comedians in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5934189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934189" title="No Experience Required">
No Experience Required

No Experienced Required is an Irish RTE reality television series that debuted on RTÉ Two in February 2006.
Seasons.
The first season consisted of 6 episodes. The series offered 3 individuals with no experience in the relevant fields the opportunity to win the job of their dreams. In each episode the 3 finalists would partake in 2 weeks work experience and the finalist who impressed the employer the most would secure a six month contract with the firm.
Jobs on the line were Reporter, Chef, Sports Trader, Fashion Buyer, Interior Designer, and Advertising Creative.
e.g. In episode six, Sinead Kenefick won a six month contract with the Irish Daily Star, beating fellow contestants Paul McSherry and Aaron Long.
No Experience Required: Transition Year.
RTÉ Two also air a transition year version of the show, which is open to students who are going into, currently in or have recently completed Transition Year. The first series covered:
Instead of a job contract, the winners gain an extra week of work experience and also an opportunity to 'create contacts' in the business.
The second Series of the show is currently being broadcast on RTÉ Two, Sunday at 11:50. The career paths are:
A special one off episode of No Experience Required Transition Year was aired in October 2008. The job experience was the position of Arts Administrator in the IFI during the Lights Out film festival. The three finalists were David Vard, Aidan Knowles, Patrick Fitzgerald. The overall winner was Patrick who received a weeks work placement in the IFI.

</doc>
<doc id="5934192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934192" title="Serum total protein">
Serum total protein

Serum total protein,also known as total protein, is a biochemical test for measuring the total amount of protein in serum.
Protein in the plasma is made up of albumin and globulin. The globulin in turn is made up of α1, α2, β, and γ globulins. These fractions can be quantitated using protein electrophoresis, but the total protein test is a faster and cheaper test that estimates the total of all fractions together. The traditional method for measuring total protein uses the biuret reagent, but other chemical methods such as Kjeldahl method, dye-binding and refractometry are now available. The measurement is usually performed on automated analysers along with other laboratory tests.
Interpretation.
The reference range for total protein is typically 60-80g/L. (It is also sometimes reported as "6.0-8.0g/dl"), but this may vary depending on the method of analysis. 

</doc>
<doc id="5934194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934194" title="Accara">
Accara

Accara elegans is the sole species of the monotypic genus Accara in the botanical family Myrtaceae. It is a shrub native to Brazil, reaching 1-2m in height. 
Formerly included in the genera "Myrtus" and "Psidium", "Accara" differs from both the latter in embryo structure, and from the former in being pentamerous (having its parts in fives) and in bud structure. The generic name is an anagram of the type location, Caraça, and is similar to the presumably closely related genus of "Acca", nowadays usually included in "Feijoa".

</doc>
<doc id="5934197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934197" title="Kyritz">
Kyritz

Kyritz () is a town in the Ostprignitz-Ruppin district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 28 km west of Neuruppin and 28 km southeast of Pritzwalk.
There are 9,900 inhabitants (2007).
Overview.
The town is situated near the Kyritzer Seenkette, a chain of lakes. The town is nicknamed "Kyritz an der Knatter" (Kyritz at the Rattle). The noise of numerous water mills along a stream parallel to the river Jäglitz was the reason for this nickname. This river channel does not exist anymore.
The town includes the districts Berlitt, Bork, Drewen, Gantikow, Ganz, Holzhausen, Kötzlin, Lellichow, Mechow, Rehfeld and Teetz.

</doc>
<doc id="5934203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934203" title="Hans Petter Buraas">
Hans Petter Buraas

Hans Petter Buraas (born 20 March 1975 in Bærum) is a Norwegian Alpine skier. He won the slalom gold medal at the 1998 Olympics in Nagano. He has raced 10 seasons in the World Cup (per 2005), and he obtained one victory in a World Cup competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5934218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934218" title="Where Are You Going, Where Have You Been?">
Where Are You Going, Where Have You Been?

"Where Are You Going, Where Have You Been?" is a frequently anthologized short story written by Joyce Carol Oates. The story first appeared in the Fall 1966 edition of Epoch Magazine. It was inspired by three Tucson, Arizona murders committed by Charles Schmid, which were profiled in "Life" magazine in an article written by Don Moser on March 4, 1966. Oates said that she dedicated the story to Bob Dylan because she was inspired to write it after listening to his song "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue." 
Plot.
The main character of Oates' story is Connie, a beautiful, self-absorbed 15-year-old girl, who is at odds with her mother—once a beauty herself–and with her dutiful, "steady", and homely older sister. Without her parents' knowledge, she spends most of her evenings picking up boys at a Big Boy restaurant, and one evening captures the attention of a stranger in a gold convertible covered with cryptic writing. While her parents are away at her aunt's barbecue, two men pull up in front of Connie's house and call her out. She recognizes the driver, Arnold Friend, as the man from the drive-in restaurant, and is initially charmed by the smooth-talking, charismatic stranger. He tells Connie he is 18 and has come to take her for a ride in his car with his sidekick Ellie. Connie slowly realizes that he is actually much older, and grows afraid. When she refuses to go with them, Friend becomes more forceful and threatening, saying that he will harm her family, while at the same time appealing to her vanity, saying that she is too good for them. Connie is compelled to leave with him and do what he demands of her. The story ends as Connie leaves her front porch; her eventual fate is left ambiguous.
Adaptations.
The story was loosely adapted into the 1985 film "Smooth Talk", starring Laura Dern and Treat Williams. Oates has written an essay named "Smooth Talk: Short Story into Film" about the adaptation.

</doc>
<doc id="5934223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934223" title="Runaway Sunday">
Runaway Sunday

Runaway Sunday is the sixth studio album by Altan, released in 1997 on the Virgin Records label.
Track listing.
All titles arranged by Altan.
All titles are traditional, with the following exceptions:
Live performances.
Altan played live in concert the following tracks: "Súil Ghorm", "John Doherty's Reels", "Germans", "I Wish My Love Was a Red Red Rose", "Flood in the Holm/Scots Mary/The Dancer's Denial" & "Gleanntáin Ghlas' Ghaoth Dobhair".
Content.
This album was released some three years after former co-bandleader, Frankie Kennedy, had died from cancer. He was the husband of lead singer Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh. Some of the tracks appear to be a heart-breaking elegy for Frankie, notably the climaxes of the album, "Time Has Passed". "Súil Ghorm" is the first track and seems also to refer to the times Mairéad spent with Frankie.

</doc>
<doc id="5934232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934232" title="Maryborough Airport (Victoria)">
Maryborough Airport (Victoria)

Maryborough Airport is located northwest of Maryborough, Victoria, Australia. The airport is about 2 hours northwest of Melbourne by road and is home to Central Victorian Aviation Services and WT Rootes Pty Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="5934235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934235" title="Virtual printer">
Virtual printer

A virtual printer is a piece of computer software whose user interface and API resemble that of a printer driver, but which is not connected with a physical computer printer.
When a user requests that a document be "printed" by a virtual printer, then, instead of having the document printed on paper or other material, the underlying software would process its contents in some other way, often resulting in a file being produced or the information being transmitted.
Functions.
Typical uses of virtual printers include:

</doc>
<doc id="5934236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934236" title="Actinodium">
Actinodium

Actinodium is a genus of the botanical family Myrtaceae, endemic to Western Australia.
There are two species: 

</doc>
<doc id="5934243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934243" title="Odyssean gods">
Odyssean gods

The Odyssean gods are the ancient Greek gods referenced in Homer's Odyssey.
The story's major gods include Athena, Poseidon, Calypso and Circe; minor gods include Ino, Hermes, Zeus, and Heracles.
Major gods.
The Odyssey's major gods include Athena, Poseidon, Calypso, and Circe.
Athena.
Athena is the Greek goddess of wisdom and battle strategy, and was also the patron goddess of heroes. Odysseus was a great hero among the Greeks, and so had Athena’s favor and aid in many of his exploits. She was also a key goddess in the story of "The Odyssey" as a divine assistant to Odysseus on his journey home.
From the very beginning of the Odyssey, Athena is helping Odysseus. Her first act is persuading Zeus to send Hermes to Calypso’s island to inform Calypso that it was Zeus’s will that Odysseus continued his journey home. Seeing as no god could thwart or evade Zeus, Calypso had to let Odysseus go despite her own wishes to have him stay on the island forever. Athena also secures Odysseus future through other characters, such as the Phaecian Princess Nausicaa. In Book 6, she makes sure that Nausicaa meets Odysseus elsewhere on the island by coming to her in a dream and inciting her to go to the river to wash clothes. Odysseus was in a horrid state of nudity and grime when he initially met Nausicaa, but Athena gave Nausicaa the courage to stand her ground so that she could get around to helping him.
Athena has also done minor things to help out Odysseus, such as improving his appearances so that he is respected by other characters. An example of direct assistance by Athena includes when she led Odysseus to the palace of the Phaecian in the disguise of a little girl. She also helps him directly by transforming him into an old beggar in the later books of the odyssey. Athena has also helped Odysseus indirectly by planting ideas into his head and by causing the javelins of the suitors to miss their target when Odysseus finally engages them in book 22.
Poseidon.
Poseidon is the Greek god of the sea and the brother of Zeus, Hades and Hera. Beckoned by the curse of Polyphemus, his cyclops son, he attempts to make Odysseus' journey home much harder than it actually needs to be. He appears to be very spiteful in The Odyssey and actively causes problems for Odysseus on sight. Although he cannot kill Odysseus, as it is his destiny to return home, he makes every effort to make Odysseus suffer.
Odysseus earned Poseidon’s wrath by blinding Polyphemus. While the blinding alone may have been justifiable for the poor mistreatment by Polyphemus to his guests, Odysseus pride was really what incurred Poseidon’s wrath. As Odysseus was leaving the island of the Cyclops behind, he mocked and talked down on Polyphemus and accused him of being impious. Polyphemus exclaimed that he was the son of Poseidon, yet Odysseus did not believe him. To prove that he was indeed the son of Poseidon, Polyphemus called out to his father commanding that Odysseus never reach his home. 
In the Odyssey, Poseidon is a powerful and respected elder god, as none of the other Olympian gods dare to mention Odysseus and his predicaments whilst Poseidon is there to hear it. The council of gods that decided to set Odysseus free from calypso’s island was held when Poseidon was accepting a sacrifice in Ethiopia. Athena, out of respect for her uncle, does not show her support to Odysseus whilst Poseidon is around. When Odysseus set sail away from calypso’s island, Poseidon spotted him and caused him to become ship wrecked. In this way, Poseidon is seen to be a very direct god in that he instantly causes problems for Odysseus himself instead of working through other means like Athena.
Calypso and Circe.
Two interesting goddesses in the Odyssey are Calypso and Circe, who both show friendly and hostile reactions toward Odysseus. 
Calypso rescued Odysseus after his ship and crew were destroyed by the storm created by Zeus after Odysseus's crew killed Helios's sun cattle, even after a warning from Circe. She tended to his needs on her isolated island and made him her lover. In total, Calypso held Odysseus captive on her island for seven years and she hoped for him to stay there with her forever as her husband. Seeing as Calypso was a goddess, Odysseus could not argue or resist the goddess’ desires and it took the divine intervention of Zeus to ensure Odysseus passage onto his next destination. While appearing hostile towards Odysseus in her deeds of keeping him captive on her isle for so long against his will, Calypso does genuinely care for Odysseus. She feeds and shelters him and allows him to wander the isle at his own will. She does not bear him any ill-will as he is preparing to leave her island and helps him out by showing the best places to obtain wood from her island for his ship and provides the tools for constructing it. Calypso can be seen to be a friendly goddess, but a bit sharp-tongued too. When she learns that she must release Odysseus, she’s criticizes the gods and how they are able to have affairs and sleep with mortal women whilst Goddesses suffer consequences if their intentions are not as pure.
Circe, like Calypso, is also a goddess found in an isolated location, with her house among dense woodland. Circe is initially hostile to Odysseus and his men and attempts to turn them all to pigs with a potion slipped into the wine with honey she offers them, but with Hermes aid, Odysseus is able to enter her abode and pacify her. She returns all of Odysseus’ men to their natural state and offers them food and hospitality for an entire year. Unlike Calypso, Circe appears to be quite unemotional with Odysseus. She is of great help to him and his homeward journey; . Later, Circe will marry Odysseus' son by Penelope, Telemachus.
Minor gods.
There are other gods in the odyssey that play minor roles in aiding Odysseus’ homeward journey. Because of their small role, there is very little that can be said about them. Below is a brief overview of the gods and how they aid Odysseus.
Ino.
It isn't known why Ino helps him, but she does. Ino gives Odysseus a magical scarf that keeps him buoyant after Poseidon (god of the sea) sinks his ship. She leads him toward the land of the Phaecians, where Nausicaa and Arete help him to get back to 
Hermes.
Hermes is Patron of Travellers, Messenger of the gods and the king of thieves and one of the 12 Olympian gods, Hermes appears three times in the Odyssey. The first time is to deliver a message to Calypso to let Odysseus return home. The second time, he appears to Odysseus to warn him about Circe and provides the necessary information that Odysseus need to put Circe into submission. The third time he is sent to escort the spirits of the suitors from the halls of Odysseus's home to the underworld.
Zeus.
Zeus does very little in the Odyssey aside from pass judgments and send omens. The King of the gods and God of Thunder, lightning,sky and girls (and the Patron of guest friendship too) is only seen being persuaded by Athena in Book five to send Hermes to send the message to Calypso, and, at Helios' request, sending a storm to punish Odysseus' men for killing the cattle on his island.
Heracles.
Odysseus meets Heracles in the Underworld and mentions that it was only his ghost as his immortal half was sent to Olympus where he married Hebe.
Circe.
Goddess of magic, she turns several men of Odysseus's crew into swine. Then Hermes gives him a herb (moly, a plant that mortal men were forbidden to harvest) as an antidote to her potion, and the witch lures him into bed. Odysseus and his men spend 1 year in her luxury hospitality until finally Odysseus' men ask their leader if they can leave, as they long to see their home of Ithaca again.
Aeolus.
Keeper of the Winds, Aeolus gives Odysseus a tightly closed bag full of the captured winds so he could sail easily home to Ithaca. After their failure, Aeolus refused to provide any further help, because he believed that their short and unsuccessful voyage meant that the gods did not favour them.
Helios/Hyperion.
God of the Sun, Helios' cattle are impiously killed and eaten by Odysseus' crew. The guardians of the island, Helios' daughters, tell their father about this. Helios appeals to Zeus telling them to dispose of Odysseus' men or he will take the Sun and shine it in the Underworld. Zeus destroys the ship with his lightning bolt, killing all the men except for Odysseus.
Khione.
Goddess of snow, ice and wind, Khione is daughter of Boreas, god of the cold north-winds.

</doc>
<doc id="5934252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934252" title="76 mm divisional gun M1902">
76 mm divisional gun M1902

The 76.2 mm divisional gun model 1902 () was a Russian light field gun used in the Russo-Japanese War, World War I, Russian Civil War and a number of interwar armed conflicts with participants from the former Russian Empire (Soviet Union, Poland, Finland, Estonia, etc.). Modernized versions of this gun were employed at the early stage of World War II.
History.
This gun, known as the "three-incher", (трёхдюймовка) was developed by Putilovski Works in Saint-Petersburg in 1902. The lead designers were L. A. Bishlyak, K. M. Sokolovskiy and K. I. Lipnitskiy. It incorporated many new features for that time - carriage with recoil devices, traverse and elevation tracking mechanisms, precision sight for direct and indirect firing, manual interrupted screw breech and single-piece ammunition loading.
For simplifying the mass production process designers used in the gun's construction cheap types of carbonized steel without or with minimal use of rare and expensive nickel-, manganese- or chromium-added types of steel. Early version had two seats for the crew on both sides of a barrel, from 1906 they were replaced with an armoured shield. The shield had a specific design: an outer shield, with a big rectangular opening, and a smaller, inner shield behind it. Upper and lower portion of a bigger shield were folding during transport.
The gun had fragmentation, shrapnel and canister ammunition. More specialized types of projectiles included smoke, incendiary and chemical ones. Many ammunition pieces were French originated. Limbers could carry 40 or 44 rounds in a light artillery and 28 rounds in a mounted artillery, while caissons carried 48 rounds in both cases.
Employment.
M1902 divisional guns were the mainstay of Russian Empire artillery and were accepted well by the army. Their characteristics were at the same level with similar 75-mm French and German guns. The gun was used in action for the first time in the Russo-Japanese War at the battle of Telissu, but proofed ineffective due to lack of training of the crews and outdated conceptions of the gun's officer. The gund was also used in World War I. After the collapse of the Russian Empire in 1917 M1902 guns were employed by different factions: bolshevist Red Army, monarchist or counter-revolution White Guard, nationalist forces in Russian-minority areas, national armies of Poland and Finland and simply anarchists and bandits throughout the vast territories of former imperial Russia.
In some episodes the gun saw its first anti-tank usage. The White Guard and intervening Allied forces used a small number of tanks, primarily French Renault FT-17s and British Mk Vs or Whippets. The M1902 gun with its high muzzle velocity was an effective weapon against such targets with only anti-bullet armour protection. In the 1920 Polish-Soviet War M1902 guns were again used against Polish FT-17s.
Poland captured large numbers of M1902 guns in a course of the Polish-Soviet War and impressed them into service as a standard piece of the mounted artillery, designated "76,2 mm armata wz.1902". In 1923, there were 568 guns wz.1902 in inventory. Most were converted to wz.02/26 guns in 1926-1930 (see below), however, Poland also retained some of the guns in the original 76 mm caliber to use existing stocks of ammunition. There were 89 of original guns available at the outbreak of World War II, among others, the sole gun used during the Battle of Westerplatte on 1 September 1939.
Interwar development.
Poland and Soviet Union modernized their M1902 guns after the end of World War I. Polish designers made their minor enhancements in 1926, resulting in the wz. 02/26 gun, which was rechambered for firing 75 mm shells used by the most numerous Polish field gun, the Canon de 75 modèle 1897. The USSR continued mass production of M1902 gun until 1931 when it was replaced by its enhanced M1902/30 variant. For Soviet modernization see 76 mm divisional gun M1902/30. Both variants were utilized in the early stages of World War II. There were still 2066 guns of M1902 model available in 1941. The Soviet stockpiles of 76 mm ammunition for this gun were so large that the Soviet army decided to retain the 76 mm caliber ammunition for their modern field guns designed in the 1930s (F-22, USV and ZiS-3), even as other armies changed to larger calibers for their basic field gun.

</doc>
<doc id="5934255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934255" title="Ahram">
Ahram

Ahram may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934277" title="Fontanellato">
Fontanellato

Fontanellato is a small town in the province of Parma, in northern Italy. It lies on the plains of the River Po near the A1 autostrada, about west of Parma towards Piacenza.
The town was built up in the 15th century around the moated and fortified house of the Sanvitale family, the "Rocca Sanvitale", on the borders of the domain of the Dukes of Parma. The house was occupied by the family until 1951, when it was sold to the commune.
The shrine to the Madonna del Rosario commemorates a succession of miracles beginning in 1628.
During World War II a large brick building with stone facings and neo-classical features next to the Sanctuary of Beata Vergine del santo Rosario, intended for an orphanage (but never used as such), was the Prisoner of War Camp PG 49. It is now a centre for neurological disorders. From here 600 Allied officers and men escaped, thanks to the decision by the Commandant, Colonel Eugenio Vicedomini, to open the gates the day after the Armistice of 8 September 1943. On 6–9 September 2013, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of this event a conference was held in the Rocca on prisoners of war in World War II, with other celebrations and commemorations, jointly by the town and the Monte San Martino Trust.
Twin cities.
Fontanellato is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="5934279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934279" title="Mildura Airport">
Mildura Airport

Mildura Airport is located southwest of Mildura, Victoria, Australia. It is the busiest regional airport in Victoria, the 32nd busiest Australian airport and has twice been named Australia's Rural Airport of the Year.
During World War II it was taken over by the Royal Australian Air Force as RAAF Base Mildura.
QantasLink (de Havilland Dash 8 400) and Regional Express (Saab 340) offer scheduled air services. Virgin Australia (Embraer ERJ-190) began the first scheduled jet service from 13 October 2008. It is also home to Cobden Air and the Mildura Aero Club.
Its terminal facilities underwent renovation in September 2012, a $6.4 million revamp by builders Mossop Construction + Interiors. This was completed to modernize the airport, as well as increase its passenger handling capabilities to support future air travel growth.

</doc>
<doc id="5934286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934286" title="Alfa Romeo V6 engine">
Alfa Romeo V6 engine

Alfa Romeo's in-house V6 engine design made its initial début in 1979 in the Alfa 6. Introduced in 2.5 L guise, production engines would eventually range from 2.0 L to 3.2 L displacement. With modifications it is possible to increase engine displacement to . Initially developed in the early 1970s by Giuseppe Busso, the original SOHC 12-valve design employed short push-rods to operate the exhaust valves in a design similar to that of earlier Lancia Fulvia engines. In 1993, the first DOHC version of this engine appeared powering the Alfa Romeo 164. The engine is an aluminium alloy block and head with sodium filled exhaust valves to avoid overheating. The South African market introduced the 3.0 L GTV-6, predating the international debut of the factory's own 3.0 L engine in 1987.
The Alfa Romeo V6 has also been quite popular in kit cars like the Ultima GTR, Hawk HF Series and DAX. and is also used in the Gillet Vertigo sports car. In August 2011 EVO magazine wrote that 'the original Alfa Romeo V6 was the most-glorius sounding six cylinder road engine ever'.
2.0.
A 2.0 L () version was introduced in 1983. Both carburettor and fuel-injected versions were available from the start.
A 2.0 turbocharged version, derived from the 3.0 L 12v, was introduced in 1991 in the Alfa Romeo 164 with . The engine has a bore and a stroke.
Applications:
2.5.
The original engine displaced 2.5 L () and produced . It was a 2-valve-per-cylinder design with a single belt-driven camshaft per cylinder bank and six carburettors fitted.
Fuel injection was added for the 1983 Alfa 6, which produced the same . The 2-valve engine ended its life in the Alfa 155, where there were two series for this engine, the 2.5 L developing . Differences between them were small and only on torque and power delivery producing exactly the same horsepower.
Applications:
Four-valve.
A four-valve version was introduced in 1997 with the Alfa Romeo 156. The engine now produced . In 2001, the V6 was uprated to . The 166 used a slightly detuned version to make more low rev torque. This engine version was awarded as the International Engine of the Year in 2000.
The engine has a bore and a stroke. 
Applications:
3.0.
The 2.5 L engine was bored and stroked out to 3.0 L by Alfa racing in South Africa, in 1985()and used for the 1987 75/Milano Verde, where it produced , still with 2 valves per cylinder. This engine was modified for transverse placement in the 164 and fitted with a high-performance camshaft and low-restriction exhaust, producing in standard form, when a catalyzer was fitted in 1991, with the Cloverleaf version producing . The same engine fitted to the SZ was tuned to a further . The engine has a bore and a stroke.
Applications:
Four-valve.
The engine was upgraded to dual overhead cams and four valves per cylinder in 1993. Due to this and other refinements, this engine produced for the regular 1993 164, with and in the 164 QV with the Euro 3 engine producing on the Q4 model which in its final production run in 1996, it got reduced to but with increased torque. The final run of 3.0 V6 engines fitted to the GTV and 166 range, produced .
Applications:
3.2.
In 2002 Alfa Romeo introduced the 156 GTA with a 3.2 L () version of the V6 with and of torque. Later this engine was also used in the Alfa Romeo 166, GTV, Spider and Alfa Romeo GT in a slightly detuned form . The engine has a bore and a stroke.
Applications:
Production end.
The V6 production ended in 2005 at Alfa Romeo Arese Plant; a stock of five thousand was built, to be used in Lancia Thesis, Alfa 166 and Alfa GT models. The engine was replaced in the 159 and Brera by a new 3.2 L V6 unit combining a General Motors-designed engine block with Alfa Romeo cylinder heads and induction. British automotive engineering company Cosworth was keen to buy assembly lines of the Alfa Romeo V6 engine, but the Italian company did not want to sell it. The last version of 3.2 L engine was Euro4 compliant, so it would have been possible to produce it a couple of years more. The engine designer Giuseppe Busso died only a couple of days after the last engine was produced in Arese.

</doc>
<doc id="5934288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934288" title="Horse with a Heart">
Horse with a Heart

Horse with a Heart is the first studio album by Altan, released in 1989 on the Green Linnet Records label.
Track listing.
All titles arranged by Altan.
All titles are traditional, except the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5934289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934289" title="Round and Round (painting technique)">
Round and Round (painting technique)

Round and Round is a faux finish technique of applying paint in a circular motion, usually with a sponge.

</doc>
<doc id="5934295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934295" title="Greg Stokes">
Greg Stokes

Gregory Lewis "Greg" Stokes (born August 5, 1963) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 2nd round (33rd overall) of the 1985 NBA Draft. A 6'10" forward-center from the University of Iowa, Stokes played in 2 NBA seasons for the 76ers and Sacramento Kings. In his NBA career, Stokes played in 42 games and scored a total of 130 points. He played at Hamilton High School in Hamilton, Ohio in 1980-1981 and help lead team to a 25-1 record and regional finals appearance. He also played professionally in Italy and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5934296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934296" title="Wearside Combination Football League">
Wearside Combination Football League

The Wearside Combination Football League is a non-league football competition based in County Durham, England.
History.
The Combination in its current guise was established in 1945. Prior to the Second World War it had operated as the Sunderland and District Nonconformist and Brotherhood League. As well as the change of name it also came under the control of the Durham County Football Association for the first time.
Currently the league has eleven teams in one division, although in the past it has operated with as many as sixty-four teams in four divisions.
Many players join the Combination from pub, club and factory teams, and in turn move up to the Wearside League or Northern League. The Wearside Combination has no official place in the English football league system, but can be approximated at level 13 below the Wearside League (11) and the Durham Alliance League (12).
Member clubs 2013–14.
The league is sponsored by TWR Commercial Trade Frames for the 2013–14 season.
Cups.
In addition to the league, the teams also compete for a number of cups.
Recent divisional champions.
Divisional champions since 2000 are:

</doc>
<doc id="5934306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934306" title="Athirappilly">
Athirappilly

Athirappilly is a first grade Grama Panchayath with 489.00 km² area in Mukundapuram Taluk, Thrissur district in Kerala, India. It is located 60 km from Thrissur city, 70 km northeast of Kochi city, 55 km northeast of Cochin International Airport, and 30 km from Chalakudy town.
Wildlife.
The Athirappilly Falls is situated 1000 ft above sea level on the Chalakudy river, at the entrance to the Sholayar ranges of the Western Ghats, Athirappalli is a scenic combination of forests and little streams. Falling from a height of 80 feet, this is one of the largest waterfalls in the state. Many endangered and endemic species of flora and fauna are found in the forests of the Athirapilly-Vazhachal area. This area is the only place in the Western Ghats where four endangered Hornbill species are seen. The Western Ghats is one of the most important biodiversity hot spot in the world. This valuable natural world is already degraded by mining and hydro electric projects. Environmentalists claim that Athirapally is a one-of its-kind riparian ecosystem in Kerala. V.S. Vijayan, Chairman of the Kerala State Biodiversity Board and former Director of the Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History (SACON), Coimbatore, has been quoted in Down to Earth magazine as affirming that the Vazhachal forest division is the second most biodiverse area in the State. The International Bird Association has declared it an "Important Bird Area" and the Asian Nature Conservation Foundation has recommended that the area should be declared a sanctuary or a national park, he points out.
The Wildlife Trust of India says it represents one of India's best elephant conservation efforts. “Any disruption to this fragile ecosystem will spell disaster,” says Vijayan.
Tourism.
Athirappilly is popular among tourists. Athirappilly Falls is one of the best places to visit in Kerala. Another popular waterfall to visit is the Vazhachal Falls. Athirappilly Falls is a part of Chalakudy river and it is approximately 80 feet in height. Athirappilly is easily reachable from Chalakudy by taking a vehicle for rent or by bus from the Chalakudy private bus terminal.
Proper precautions are taken on site to prevent mishaps while swimming and a police camp is always positioned there. Athirappilly is situated on SH-21 highway connecting Tamil Nadu and Kerala, night driving is not advised. But you can enjoy the adventurous drive in the middle of jungle.
Getting there.
Distance details are as follows:
Route through Valparai:
Coimbatore-Pollachi 40 km-Valparai 65 km
From Pollachi onwards, the road climbs up steeply through tea estates to Valparai.
From Valparai, the road goes through dense wild jungles after Malakkiparai. Route is as follows:
Valparai-Malakkiparai 22 km-Sholayar 24-Peringalkuthu Dam 25-Vazhachal 5-Athirapalli 5-Chalakudy 33 km.
Route through Angamaly:
For tourists from Cochin and other northern side of Kerala can take a short cut from Angamaly. After Passing Angamaly take right turn after the bridge. This route will pass through Mookkannoor, Edalakadu, Ezhattumugham, Palm Oil Plantation and connect to Athirapilly Vazhachal route. This route can save time, distance and you can enjoy nature.
Route through Chalakudy:
For tourists from Chalakudy and other southern side of Kerala can take the Athirappilly route starting from Anamala Jn. Chalakudy and pass through Kanjirapilly, Vettilapara Athirapilly route.
There is absolutely no human settlement between Malakkiparai and Peringalkuthu Dam. Wildlife—elephants and bison—spill over onto the road, and night driving is discouraged. Both Vazhachal and Athirapalli are on the same Chalakudy river.
Athirapalli falls is best visited during rains, rest of the year there is water flow but hardly the spectacle it is during Jun–Oct.
There are two water theme parks (Silver Storm and Dream Word) and many resorts on the way to Athirapilly.
Maniratnam Connection.
Noted Tamil film director, Maniratnam, has a huge fascination for this spot that a lot of his movies are shot here. Raavanan was almost fully shot in this location. The movies Dil Se.., Kannathil Muthamittal, Iruvar, Guru have songs shot here.
"Arjuna Arjuna" song featuring Sarathkumar and Namitha was shot in this location.
The rain song ("Adada Mazhaida")Tamil movie featuring Karthi and Tamannaah, was shot at the Athirappilly waterfalls in Kerala.
Hydroelectric project.
The history of Athirappilly Hydro Electric Project dates back to 1982 when the Kerala State Electricity Board proposing a twin project such as AHEP at 120MW installed capacity and Poringal Right Bank hydro electric project. . It was to include a dam 23 metres (75 ft) high and 311 metres (1,020 ft) wide on the Chalakudy River in the Vazhachal Forest Division about 5 kilometres (3 mi) upstream of Athirappilly Falls and 400 metres (1,312 ft) upstream of Vazhachal Rapids (Vazhachal Falls). However, environmental groups and people's collectives opposed the project on grounds that it would damage the environment, infringe on human rights, and threaten tourism. Though it was not their main concern, critics also noted that if the entire course of the river were diverted to make electricity, the Athirappilly-Vazhachal waterfalls could dry up. To avoid damaging the falls, the KSEB proposed adjusting the water releases to maintain the falls. The debate continued in 2007. Environmentalists also expressed concern over whether the proposed hydroelectric project at Athirappilly waterfalls would lead to displacement and eventual extinction of the primitive tribal group, `Kadars,' in the area.
In 2005, the Kerala Ministry of Environment and Forests approved the project on the basis of a report by Water and Power Consultancy Services (India) Ltd. (WAPCOS), an environmental impact assessment (EIA) agency. In 2006, the Kerala High Court quashed the clearance and ordered another public hearing. The debate continued the following years.
On 29th Jan 2011, the chairman of the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP) Madhav Gadgil opined that the Environment Impact Assessment (EIA) of the Athirappilly hydel power project was not properly carried out and 70% of it is bogus. The panel, appointed by the Union Ministry of Environment and Forests, was asked to look into and give recommendations on various projects in the Western Ghats such as the hydroelectric projects in Gundiya in Karnataka and Athirappilly in Kerala and the overall development projects in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts of Maharashtra. Gadgil said that the proposed Athirappilly hydro-electric project cannot be approved until the Forest Rights Act is implemented in its true spirit for the Kadar tribal community of the area and also no comprehensive study had been carried out so far on the natural riparian forest vegetation along the Western Ghats.
On 14th Jun 2011, Union Minister for Environment and Forests Jairam Ramesh said his ministry would not grant approval to the Athirappilly hydro electric project.
The Minister also stated “When states are denied such projects on larger and long-term environmental considerations, they are entitled to some sort of green bonus,” 
The first part of WGEEP report was submitted to the Ministry on August 31.The Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP), on Sep 6th 2011 recommended to the Union Ministry of Environment and Forests against granting permission to carry out any construction activities at the sensitive Athirappilly-Vazhachal region. The panel, which submitted its report to Union Environment Minister Jayanti Natarajan in the Capital, named Athirappilly as one of the 18 eco-sensitive localities (ESL) in the state. 
But renowned experts on generation projects like K Radhakrishnan, Former Member (Generation), KSEB, has opined that this panel report was highly biased and the project was eco-friendly doing minimum damage to environment and forests. Electricity Pensioners Welfare Association a forum of the senior power personnel of Kerala also viewed the Gadgil panel report as biased.

</doc>
<doc id="5934312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934312" title="Curtis Brown (literary agents)">
Curtis Brown (literary agents)

Curtis Brown (Curtis Brown Literary and Talent Agency) is a literary and talent agency based in London, UK. It was founded in 1899 by Albert Curtis Brown.
History.
Albert Curtis Brown was an American journalist who was the London correspondent for "The New York Press". He also ran a press syndication agency. Because of his contacts in both the UK and America, he fell into representing authors who were looking for publishing opportunities on the two continents.
The first deal he transacted was selling serial rights in John Oliver Hobbes’s "The Vineyard". The literary agency element of Brown’s business was accommodated alongside his press agency in Henrietta Street, Covent Garden. In 1914, Curtis Brown opened its first international office in New York; subsequently, offices were opened in Paris, Berlin, Milan and Copenhagen. Brown believed in the exchange of literature between countries as a point of principle to foster international understanding. The company retains a translation rights department to this day.
During this period, Brown carried out agency business on behalf of a large number of well-known writers such as Kenneth Grahame, AA Milne and DH Lawrence. It also worked on behalf of prominent figures of the day including Winston Churchill, David Lloyd George and U.S. President Woodrow Wilson.
Curtis Brown wrote an autobiography called "Contacts" – published by Cassell in 1935. He ran the agency until 1935 when he was succeeded by his son Spencer Curtis Brown. Spencer ran the agency until his retirement in 1968 when he sold it to an investment company.
The agency was instrumental in establishing the reputations of several British and American writers, including John Steinbeck, William Faulkner, Norman Mailer, C P Snow, Angus Wilson, Lawrence Durrell, Gerald Durrell, Kingsley Amis and Isaiah Berlin.
The agency was bought back by its management team in 1982. A further buy-out in 2001 resulted in the present ownership of the agency by its management
Recent history.
In 1995, Jonathan Lloyd was recruited from the publishers Harper Collins to become managing director and two years later Nick Marston joined from rival agents AP Watt to begin a new film, theatre and television department.
The company underwent a management buy out in 2001, when agents (Jonny Geller, Ben Hall, Jonathan Lloyd, Nick Marston and Peter Robinson), bought the company from the senior staff at the agency. Lloyd remained as managing director and subsequently became CEO. Robinson left in 2006 to form a solo agency.
In 2008, Curtis Brown and ICM NY Books inked a deal for Curtis Brown to represent ICM’s clients in the UK and across the world.
In May 2012, the company restructured its management team with Jonathan Lloyd becoming Chairman and with Ben Hall and Jonny Geller becoming joint Chief Executives.
In addition to its books, actors, presenters, theatre and television departments, the company has a film production arm, Cuba Pictures, headed by Nick Marston as CEO and with Dixie Linder and Tally Garner as co-heads of television.
Curtis Brown also runs a creative writing school, Curtis Brown Creative, directed by Anna Davis. In March 2013, Curtis Brown Creative announced a deal with the e-reader manufacturer Kobo, to set up a scholarship The Kobo Writing Life™ Scholarship.
In March 2013, Curtis Brown acquired a major stake in leading literary agency Conville and Walsh.

</doc>
<doc id="5934317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934317" title="Latrobe Valley Airport">
Latrobe Valley Airport

Latrobe Valley Airport is located in the Latrobe Valley town of Morwell, Victoria, Australia. The airport is about 90 minutes drive east of Melbourne, off the Princes Highway, west of Traralgon.
GippsAero, manufacturer of the GA200 agricultural aircraft and the GA8 Airvan eight seater passenger aircraft, is based at the airport.
The airfield was originally located at Morwell and at Moe before moving to the present site. The terminal building contains some displays of aviation artifacts. There is also the Latrobe Flying Museum - its fleet consisting of a P-51 Mustang, a Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation Winjeel and a Douglas DC-3.
Airlines formerly flying to the airport include Aus-Air, Brindabella Airlines and Hazelton Airlines.

</doc>
<doc id="5934320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934320" title="You're Getting to Be a Habit with Me">
You're Getting to Be a Habit with Me

"You're Getting to Be a Habit with Me" is a 1932 popular song with music by Harry Warren and the lyrics by Al Dubin.
It appears in the backstager Warner Brothers musical film "42nd Street". The song was inspired by one of the women working at the Warner Brothers studio, who when asked why she was still dating a certain man, said that he was getting to be a habit with her. In the movie, it is sung by the leading lady Dorothy Brock, played by Bebe Daniels.
Other.
Julie Stevens, a British actress, sings it in "The Avengers" television series. The episode, titled "The Decapod", first aired in 1962. She sings it in a lounge scene with a jazz combo accompanying her (piano, drums & upright bass).

</doc>
<doc id="5934322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934322" title="Late Night Line-Up">
Late Night Line-Up

Late Night Line-Up was a pioneering British television discussion programme broadcast on BBC2 between 1964 and 1972. "Late Night Line-Up" returned for a special one-off edition on BBC Parliament in 2008.
Background.
From its launch in April 1964, BBC2 began each evening's transmission with a programme called "Line-Up", a ten-minute collection of reviews and previews of the channel's output, presented initially by Denis Tuohy. Although intended to draw attention to the considerable variety of original programming on BBC2, "Line-Up" was perceived as little more than a self-promotion exercise by the newspapers and the viewing public alike. Later in the same year, it was decided that "Line-Up" be replaced by something of a similar intention but with a more intellectual edge. Instead of a guided tour of BBC2's output, the new programme would be an open and candid discussion among invited guests, transmitted live after the 9.00 p.m. watershed. The new programme was named "Late Night Line-Up" and took over from "Line-Up" in September 1964.
The original theme tune was called "Blue Boy" by Gerry Mulligan, replaced later with a version of "" by the Dave Hancock Six.
Content.
Denis Tuohy carried over his presenter's role from "Line-Up" but the new programme also brought Joan Bakewell to prominence as a broadcaster. An innovative feature of "Late Night Line-Up" was that it was deliberately scheduled as the last programme of the evening before closedown. This meant that the discussion need not be constrained by time; topics could be explored as far as the participants' were willing to talk about them. (Another open-ended discussion programme, "After Dark", began on Channel 4 fifteen years after "Late Night Line-Up" had ceased production.)
Participating in the discussion were TV personalities, subject experts and members of the public with relevant experience. For example, a real-life single mother might be invited to discuss a drama themed around single parenthood. Some panelists were deliberately chosen to talk about something outside their usual sphere of expertise. In one edition, the playwright Harold Pinter held his own on the subject of cricket, even when his fellow panelists were a distinguished cricketer and a cricket journalist.
"Late Night Line-Up" eventually went well beyond its initial remit of examining BBC2's output and came to incorporate interviews, live music and poetry performances and discussions of other TV channels (which meant ITV to all intents and purposes) and even current affairs issues. However, television criticism was always seen as the main focus, a fact which did not exactly endear the programme to the BBC's senior executives. Indeed, presenter Denis Tuohy quotes the then Head of Light Entertainment, Tom Sloan, as saying: "We now employ two kinds of broadcaster: those who make programmes and those who knock them... Don't ask me why we do it."
On 26 May 2008 "Late Night Line-Up" returned for a special one-off edition as part of BBC Parliament's "Permissive Night". Presented by Joan Bakewell "Late Night Line-Up" returned for an open and candid discussion of the themes and programmes shown over the course of the evening. "Permissive Night" examined the liberalising legislation passed by Parliament in the late 1960s which made Britain a more tolerant and permissive place to live. Archive programmes shown included editions of "Man Alive", "Panorama", "Twenty-Four Hours" and "Late Night Line-Up".
Theme tunes.
Theme tunes were not necessarily used regularly, but the original theme tune to the series was a smokey jazz piece called "Blue Boy", played by the Gerry Mullgan Quartet. In the 1970s the theme was changed to "Jordu" played by The Dave Hancock Six.
Episode guide.
As with many shows of its time, a lot of "Late Night Line-Up" no longer exists. This was due to not only tapes being wiped, but as the programme often went out live they simply were not recorded by the BBC in the first place. Luckily, some records do survive containing many dates and details of these shows. [http://www.the-mausoleum-club.org.uk/xmb/viewthread.php?tid=11247]

</doc>
<doc id="5934326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934326" title="Pritchett">
Pritchett

Pritchett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934329" title="58th Battlefield Surveillance Brigade (United States)">
58th Battlefield Surveillance Brigade (United States)

The 58th Battlefield Surveillance Brigade is a battlefield surveillance brigade of the United States Army National Guard in Maryland. It is being largely formed from the personnel and equipment of the 58th Infantry Brigade Combat Team and officially stood up in its new configuration on 1 September 2010.
History.
The 58th Infantry Brigade Combat Team was one of the primary units of the Maryland Army National Guard. It consisted of an infantry brigade combat team (IBCT) format of two infantry battalions, one light cavalry squadron, one towed artillery battalion, a brigade support battalion and a special troops battalion. It deployed overseas for combat service in the Iraq theater during the War on Terror in 2007. This is the brigade's first combat deployment, although some of its subordinate units served in prior wars.
The unit was originally organized in 1917 as one of the 29th Infantry Division's two infantry brigades, and originally consisted of the 115th Infantry Regiment (Maryland) and 116th Infantry Regiment (Virginia). In 1963, the Brigade was revived as the 3rd Brigade, 29th Infantry Division. In 1968, it was redesignated as the 3rd Brigade, 28th Infantry Division when the 29th Infantry Division was inactivated. In 1976, it was disassociated from the 28th Infantry Division and reorganized as the 58th Infantry Brigade (Separate). When the 29th Infantry Division reactivated in 1985, the brigade again assumed the "3rd Brigade" designation. It maintained this designation until 2006, when it was redesignated as part of its transformation into a modular brigade.
By FY 2007, as part of the overall shift to "more tooth, less tail," Army National Guard brigades are planned to be reorganized to form 34 brigade units following the modular design of the Active Army. The brigade headquarters is based in Towson, MD., with major subordinate units headquartered Dundalk, MD.; Annapolis, MD.; Hagerstown, MD.; Easton, MD.; and Ellicott City, MD.
Order of battle.
58th Battlefield Surveillance Brigade.
National Guard Battlefield Surveillance Brigades
1–158th Cavalry Regiment includes Troop C (LRS), which previously existed under the designation 129th Infantry Detachment (LRS) and Company E (LRS), 629th Military Intelligence Battalion when the LRS unit was under the 29th Infantry Division. Troop C is the only Airborne unit within the 58th BfSB.
References.
National Guard Battlefield Surveillance Brigades

</doc>
<doc id="5934330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934330" title="Round and Round">
Round and Round

Round and Round may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934331" title="Nhill Airport">
Nhill Airport

Nhill Airport is located northwest of Nhill, Victoria, Australia, about four hours northwest of Melbourne.
History.
World War II.
The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) commandeered the airfield during World War II.
No. 1 Operational Training Unit.
No. 1 Operational Training Unit (1OTU) provided advanced operational flying and instruction. Formed on 22 December 1941, the unit was temporary housed at Nhill until RAAF East Sale at Sale, Victoria became available. Due to operational requirements the RAAF relocated 1OTU to RAAF Bairnsdale at Bairnsdale, Victoria in June 1942.
No. 2 Air Navigation School.
No. 2 Air Navigation School relocated to Nhill from RAAF Mount Gambier at Mount Gambier, South Australia in September 1941. The Commanding Officer was Wing Commander A.G. Carr (AFC). Airplanes used to train pilots in air navigation were Fairey Battles, Tiger Moths, Wirraways, Oxfords, Beauforts and Hudsons.
RAAF Armament School.
On 13 December 1943 the RAAF Armament School relocated from Hamilton, Victoria to Nhill. The commanding officer was Wing Commander A.D. Garrison. Renamed as the "Air Armament School" on 15 January 1944 and later to the "Air Armament and Gas School".
Proposed USAAF camp.
A USAAF advance flying unit camp was proposed in early 1942. While buildings were constructed, the camp was never used.

</doc>
<doc id="5934339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934339" title="He's a Pretender">
He's a Pretender

"He's a Pretender" is a 1983 song by R&B female group High Inergy. This was the lead single of their last album "Groove Patrol", before disbanding in 1984, and it peaked at #82 in the Billboard Hot 100, #62 in the R&B charts.
In 1985, Jennifer Holliday covered this song on her album "Say You Love Me". The song was also covered by La Toya Jackson on her 1986 album "Imagination"
La Toya Jackson version.
La Toya Jackson covered the song on her fourth album "Imagination", and it was released as its lead single. Because of financial problems at the now defunct Private-I Records, the single, nor the album it comes from, received the necessary promotion to make it a success. The song peaked at #76 on the "Billboard" Hot Black Singles chart. 
The single was released on 7" format with the album track "How Do I Tell Them" on the B-side.

</doc>
<doc id="5934340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934340" title="Sam Mitchell (footballer)">
Sam Mitchell (footballer)

Samuel Mitchell (born 12 October 1982) is an Australian rules football player for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Career.
A product of Mooroolbark, in Melbourne's outer eastern suburbs, Michell played in the under 18 TAC Cup competition with the Eastern Ranges. He was the club's Best and Fairest in 1999 and 2000. Disappointed at being overlooked in the 2000 draft Mitchell joined the Box Hill Hawks. After a couple of games in the Development squad he gained promotion to the seniors and completed the season as the teams number one rover.
He was a member of Box Hill's premiership side in 2001.
AFL career.
Mitchell was recruited to the Hawthorn Football Club in the AFL in the 2001 AFL Draft with selection 36 (received in the deal which saw Trent Croad and Luke McPharlin head to Fremantle, and the numbers one Luke Hodge and 36 (Mitchell) selections go Hawthorn's way). 
Debut season.
The first half of his debut season in 2002 saw him playing with the Box Hill Hawks, until he broke into the Hawthorn side midway through the season due to some amazing form. Following some unimpressive performances where he never managed more than 14 disposals, he was dropped for Round 15 but was recalled after more eye-catching performances in Round 19. It turns out he polled 31 votes in just 11 games for the VFL's best and fairest award, the J. J. Liston Trophy which was the main reason for his constant recalls to the Hawthorn side.
2003–2007.
In 2003 Mitchell continued to improve, winning the AFL Rising Star award and becoming known as "the Extractor" (particularly by commentator Brian Taylor) for his high amount of clearances and ability to win the ball out of middle of the ground.
A solid season followed in 2004, and in 2005 he played a "super" season until a foot injury sidelined him in Round 15. For the 2006 season, Mitchell was named vice-captain of Hawthorn and displayed stellar form throughout the season culminating in winning the Peter Crimmins Medal for Hawthorn's best and fairest.
In 2007 he capped off another wonderful season by coming 3rd in the votes for the highest honour in Australian Football, the Brownlow Medal with 21 votes, 1 short of joint 2nd place winners, North Melbourne's Brent Harvey and Brisbane's Simon Black who both polled 22 votes, and coming 8 votes behind winner of the 2007 Brownlow, Geelong's Jimmy Bartel.
On 6 October 2007, during the Peter Crimmins Medal Event, he was announced as Hawthorn's next captain, taking over the reins from retiring captain Richard Vandenberg.
2008–2010 Club Captain.
Mitchell was ineligible for 2008's Brownlow Medal following a tripping charge in the match against Melbourne in round nine.
On Saturday, 27 September, Mitchell captained the Hawks to the 2008 Premiership, the first in 17 years and the clubs 10th, beating the reigning premiers, Geelong, by 26 points. Mitchell was reported for rough conduct against Geelong superstar Gary Ablett, Jr. in the second quarter, however this report was dismissed at the conclusion of the weekend.
At the end of the 2010 season he handed the captaincy over to Luke Hodge, who was made captain of the 2010 All-Australian team.
2011-present.
Mitchell polled 30 votes in the 2011 Brownlow Medal, but was ineligible to win after an incident in Round 5 of the season. He had the second-most votes, behind Collingwood's Dane Swan. In 2012 Mitchell again was runners up in the Brownlow, this time to Jobe Watson.
Sam Mitchell has won the Peter Crimmins Medal four times (2006, 2009, 2011, 2012), the most of any current Hawthorn player.
Mitchell is often cited as the most ambidextrous player in the A.F.L. and much opinion is made about which is his preferred foot. Although some have claimed that he was originally a left footer who switched to right foot later in his junior career, Mitchell has stated that he has just always tried to use the appropriate foot for the situation. He does however switch to his left foot when he wants to kick longer. Similarly, his handpassing is equally good with either hand, with his 25 metre handpass to Jarryd Roughead in the 2013 Qualifying Final an example of the power he has by hand.
Another of Mitchell's superior abilities is his ability to change direction quickly. He has himself joked about his short legs and lack of leg speed, however his ability to side-step through congestion and confuse the opposition is considered amongst the best in the competition. This, paired with the opposition not being able to predict which foot or hand he will pass with makes him a difficult player to corral.
Personal life.
Mitchell married Lyndall Degenhardt in early November 2009. They have a son called Smith (named after Steve Smith the NFL player), born in 2010 and twin daughters Emmerson and Scarlett born in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5934344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934344" title="Shake Your Pants">
Shake Your Pants

"Shake Your Pants" is a funk song by the band Cameo from the 1980 album, "Cameosis". It was also released as a single and has since been re-released on many of the band's greatest hits albums, including one named after the song.

</doc>
<doc id="5934346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934346" title="Prompton">
Prompton

Prompton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5934347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934347" title="Orbost Airport">
Orbost Airport

Orbost Airport is located northeast of Marlo, near Orbost, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5934358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934358" title="Infernal Poetry">
Infernal Poetry

Infernal Poetry is an Italian death metal band, formed in 1996 and disbanded in 2014.
History.
At the time of their foundation, Infernal poetry were known as Necronomicon, releasing the demo "Under the Gothic Cathedral" under that name, before changing their name in 1997 to Infernal Poetry. They released two more demos under the name of Infernal Poetry before a European tour in October/November 2000 alongside Impiety and Rotting Christ. 
In March 2001, they signed with Fuel Records for their first album "Not Light but Rather Visible Darkness", which was released in the following January, accompanied with a video for their song "Hell Spawn". They toured following this album and for their split CD, "Twice" which was recorded with Dark Lunacy. 
The band then continued with their third release and second full album, "Beholding the Unpure". The particular declination of heavy metal proposed by the band in this album has been defined "Psycho Death Metal". After the recording sessions of "Beholding The Unpure" the drummer Andrea Rabuini left the band and Alessandro Vagnoni substituted him. 
On February 2006 they supported Dismember in their European tour. In June 2006 they have partaken at Gods Of Metal 2006 Edition. 
In 2007 they released a 4-track EP titled "Nervous System Checking", anticipating their upcoming third full-length album "Nervous System Failure", scheduled for 2008. In the same year Infernal Poetry performed at Gods of Metal 2008 edition.
In May 2009 they release through Copro/Casket their third full-length album titled Nervous System Failure.
Paraphiliac (their fourth album) was scheduled for 2012 and released in January 2013.
In April 2014 they posted that they had disbanded for business reasons

</doc>
<doc id="5934366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934366" title="10 Years Younger (US)">
10 Years Younger (US)

10 Years Younger (also abbreviated as 10YY) is an American reality series that aired on TLC. It takes individuals and transform them to look more "glamorous", or 'ten years younger', hence the name of the show. As of February 2011, the Oprah Winfrey Network have been airing reruns of the show.
Production.
"10YY" first aired on December 1, 2004 and ran until 2005 when it went on a hiatus. The show returned on January 7, 2008 with a revamped cast, with only make-up artist Damone Roberts returning from the previous cast. In August 2008 the fourth season began shooting, to air later in the year, with Kyan Douglas as the new host.
The steps of 10YY.
Premise.
The show begins by introducing the participant and their story, which is usually an explanation of why they look older than they are. The participant then stands inside the box — a soundproof clear display case placed along a busy street. The show's host, then invites 100 people to guess the age of the participant. The average of these guesses is then considered the "age" of the participant; the show must try and make them look ten years younger than this average, not their actual age.
Makeover.
The participant is then taken to various experts to undergo non-surgical comestic procedures. These usually include straightening, shaping, and whitening for teeth; LASIK or other eye surgery for participants with glasses or bad vision; and a dermatologist to administer procedures ranging from microdermabrasion to botox. Occasionally there will be another expert involved, such as a trainer or career advisor. After these procedures are finished the participant is taken to the "Glam Squad", which includes a hair stylist, makeup artist, and fashion stylist. To give the show an element of surprise, the participant is not allowed to see the entire look, particularly hair and makeup, before the final reveal.
Reveal.
When the makeover is complete, the members of the Glam Squad, along with a family member of the participant, gather for the reveal. Here, the participant is shown a life-sized picture of themselves taken before the makeover. The picture is then removed to reveal a mirror, allowing the participant to see the results of the makeover for the first time, usually an emotional moment.
After the reveal, the participant must return to "the box" for the final verdict. Again, 100 people are asked to guess the age of the participant, then the average of these guesses is announced. The final average is always lower than the first average, usually by at least ten years, as is the show's aim; however, there have been a few instances where the ten-year goal has not been reached.

</doc>
<doc id="5934373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934373" title="Barbara Brooke, Baroness Brooke of Ystradfellte">
Barbara Brooke, Baroness Brooke of Ystradfellte

Barbara Brooke, Baroness Brooke of Ystradfellte and Baroness Brooke of Cumnor DBE (14 January 1908–1 September 2000) was a British Conservative politician.
Personal life.
Barbara Muriel Mathews was the youngest of five children of a Welsh minister, Rev. Alfred Augustus Mathews and his wife, Ethel Frances. She was educated at Queen Anne's School in Caversham, Berkshire and the Gloucester Training College of Domestic Science. 
On 22 April 1933, she married fellow Conservative, Henry Brooke and they had four children:
Career.
After having started a family, Brooke entered politics in 1948, when she became a member of Hampstead Council, a seat she held until 1965; she also was a Joint Vice-Chairman of the Conservative Party from 1954-64. She had also been active in a number of health organisations in her lifetime, including being a member of the North West Metropolitan Regional Hospital Board from 1954–66, chair of The Queen's Institute of District Nursing from 1961–71 and the North London Hospital Management Committee from 1963-66. 
Honours.
She was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1960. In 1966, she was awarded a life peerage as Baroness Brooke of Ystradfellte, of Ystradfellte in the County of Breconshire and two years later her husband was created Baron Brooke of Cumnor.

</doc>
<doc id="5934376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934376" title="Bay Shore Historic District">
Bay Shore Historic District

The Bay Shore Historic District (also known as Morningside Historic District) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on October 2, 1992) located in Miami, Florida. The district is bounded by Northeast 55th Street, Biscayne Boulevard, Northeast 60th Street and Biscayne Bay. It contains 223 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5934377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934377" title="Petar Keglević">
Petar Keglević

Petar Keglević of Bužim (1485 - 1554 or 1555) was the ban of Croatia and Slavonia from 1537 to 1542.
He was from 1521 to 1522 captain and later ban of Jajce, in 1526 some months before the battle of Mohács he got the jus gladii, he took not part in the battle of Mohács, he came too late to the battle of Mohács, he was from 1533 to 1537 the royal commissary for Croatia and Slavonia as attorney general and he was from 1537 to 1542 the ban of Croatia and Slavonia. The battle of Mohács was very traumatic. The history of the persons, among them also Petar Keglević, who after that have been relevant, is since then described again and again. A part of Zagreb is still today after that much centuries named after him. He distinguished himself in battles against the Ottoman Empire and he achieved a special agreement. After the battle of Mohács he sided with Emperor Ferdinand against John Zápolya. John Zápolya had made the Franco-Hungarian alliance. Petar Keglević had made a special agreement with the Ottoman Empire. The result was a Franco-Ottoman alliance and as an unintended consequence moved Jeronimo Bassano from Venice to England (see also: Ottoman–Venetian War (1499–1503)). This architecture of Europe should kept for centuries.
He increased his family's holdings through purchases (Kostel and Krapina) and royal gifts (Bijela Stijena near Pakrac, Lobor, Novigrad (the permission to build "novi grad (new towns)"), Zsámbék, Perbál, Tök and Fürstenfeld). After the death of Keglević's son-in-law Gašpar Ernušt, he assumed ownership of his possessions in Međimurje. In 1542 he was sentenced as an infidel by the Parliament in Bratislava, because of his special agreement with the Ottoman Empire and because of the ownership of Međimurje. Emperor Ferdinand removed him from his position as ban and confiscated his properties in 1542 (see also: Little War in Hungary (1543)). One of the sons of Petar Keglević moved to Valladolid (see: Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor#Conflicts with the Ottoman Empire) and Mehmed-paša Sokolović became Commander of the Imperial Squires and later Grand Vizier. He took care of the refugees and gave them refuge (see: Names of the Serbs and Serbia and Morlachs). Emperor Ferdinand imprisoned him in 1546 in house arrest in one of his own houses of his own choice. In 1548 he was granted an amnesty and was returned all of his goods along with his grandfather's Bužim. In the year 1552 Emperor Ferdinand visited him as a private person and brought him news from Valladolid. He died in 1554 or 1555.
He was not involved in the dynastic fight between the Habsburgs and the Jagiellonians, although he made the business with George, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach, so that this one pulled back from Hungary and Croatia.
Petar Keglević was married to Barbara Strezsemley from Streza (today Pavlin Kloštar near Bjelovar) from family Bissenus de Streza. Streza was the uncle (brother of mother) of king Dmitar Zvonimir. Streza descended from Bissenus de genere Aba, who was a descendant of a Hungarian king Samuel Aba the husband of the daughter of a Hungarian prince Géza.

</doc>
<doc id="5934382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934382" title="Penn Center, Philadelphia">
Penn Center, Philadelphia

Penn Center is the heart of Philadelphia's Central Business District. It derives its name from the nearly five million square foot office and retail complex that helped transform it from a gritty industrial and low-rent commercial district into the centerpiece of Philadelphia's business district in the late 20th century. It is located between 15th and 19th Streets, east to west and from John F. Kennedy Boulevard to Market Street, north to south. It is credited with bringing Philadelphia into the era of modern office buildings.
The Chinese Wall.
In 1881, the Pennsylvania Railroad brought passenger service into the center of the city, and constructed the first Broad Street Station just west of City Hall. The sea of iron pillars holding up the PRR's elevated trackbed was replaced in the 1890s by a 10-block stone viaduct to the Schuylkill River. This created a block-wide barrier known as "The Chinese Wall", cutting the western portion of the city in half and discouraging development there. 
At the time, most commercial activity in Center City was east of Broad Street, which is why the SEPTA Market-Frankford Line has no stops between 30th Street Station and 15th Street. (The stations at 19th Street and 22nd Street are served by SEPTA Subway-Surface Trolley Lines.)
Urban renewal.
In 1925, the Pennsylvania Railroad announced its intention to leave Broad Street Station, freeing the land for redevelopment. The railroad, which had both outgrown the station and was operationally burdened by its stub-end nature, would move its operations to the newly constructed 30th Street Station and Suburban Station. Those stations were completed and in operation by 1933, but a number of factors, including the Great Depression which stalled the planned redevelopment, forced the railroad to continue utilizing Broad Street Station for certain types of trains (such as the Philadelphia-New York "Clockers", and steam-powered trains of the Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines) for nearly two more decades. Broad Street Station was not completely vacated until 1952, during the term of Mayor Joseph S. Clark. Plans for the demolition of the Chinese Wall and accompanying train station were finalized and both were razed in 1953.
Ed Bacon, executive director of the Philadelphia City Planning Commission, came up with a master plan for a four-block area to be cleared. Bacon named the new site Penn Center with the hopes that it would become a business center and model for future development. His plan for the redevelopment of the site included three large office towers, a pedestrian mall, and an underground concourse where retail and business was to be located. The Pennsylvania Railroad wanted to sell the land off in smaller lots for piecemeal development, but Mayor Clark used his political clout to see that Bacon's plan was realized. The plan was implemented with public support, but it would come into criticism later from urban planners, and notable journalist Jane Jacobs for placing vibrant urban activity underground leaving no use for the above ground promenade, and failing to account for actual human usage of the space. 
Current.
Throughout the mid- to late 20th century, the city's office sector began to move west into the Penn Center area, thanks to planning efforts. As the office-working population became more suburbanized, convenient access to Suburban Station began to take precedence to city planners over local city transit access.
Today, the Penn Center name is officially attached to 11 mid- and highrise office buildings.
Most of the buildings of the complex are connected to the Suburban Station retail concourse (renovated in 2007) and by extension the Center City Concourse. The buildings share a loading and delivery entrance on Commerce Street which connects to all the buildings underground. Although not part of Penn Center, the Comcast Center connects to the concourse; such an option was also examined for the canceled American Commerce Center.
The Buildings.
The numbers of the Penn Center buildings generally radiate clockwise around One Penn Center, the oldest building. John F. Kennedy Boulevard, on which many Penn Center buildings front, was known as Pennsylvania Boulevard until 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="5934383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934383" title="Coalition for Rainforest Nations">
Coalition for Rainforest Nations

The Coalition for Rainforest Nations (CfRN) is an intergovernmental organization established by forested tropical counties to collaboratively reconcile forest stewardship with economic development. The Rainforest Coalition aims to bring together both developing and industrialized nations for the purpose of creating community-driven, environmentally sustainable economic growth.
The primary strategy of the Coalition is to bring about the reform of international frameworks, both legal and economic, to correct market failures that result in unsustainable outcomes, and to create economic incentives for the preservation of areas of high biodiversity and endemism worldwide. The Coalition supports the Forests Now Declaration calling for changes in the Kyoto Protocol and other international carbon markets to include land use and forestry.
The Coalition has been instrumental in the establishment of the World Bank's Forest Carbon Partnership Facility and the United Nations' UN-REDD program. Further, based upon these efforts by the Coalition, various industrialized countries (including Norway, the UK, Germany, France, Japan, Australia, Finland, and others) have currently pledged around US$3.0 billion for capacity building and incentives to reduce rates of deforestation in participating developing countries.
At the request of Prime Minister Somare, the participating nations have agreed to base the Secretariat for the Coalition for Rainforest Nations at Columbia University in the City of New York. The CfRN was formed after a speech given on May 10, 2005, at Columbia University by Sir Michael Somare, the Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="5934389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934389" title="Portland Airport (Victoria)">
Portland Airport (Victoria)

Portland Airport is located northwest of Portland, Victoria, Australia, southwest of Melbourne along the Princes Highway. The airport is home to the Portland Aero Club and the Sharp Airlines maintenance base.

</doc>
<doc id="5934394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934394" title="Miami Beach Architectural District">
Miami Beach Architectural District

The Miami Beach Architectural District (also known as Old Miami Beach Historic District, and the more popular term, Miami Art Deco District) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on May 14, 1979) located in the South Beach neighborhood of Miami Beach, Florida. The district is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the east, Sixth Street to the south, Alton Road to the west, the Collins Canal and Dade Boulevard to the north. It contains 960 historic buildings.
In 1989, it was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="5934399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934399" title="Paraná (footballer)">
Paraná (footballer)

Adhemir de Barros best known as Paraná (born in Cambará, Paraná, Brazil, March 21, 1942) was an association footballer. He played at São Bento, São Paulo, Londrina, and Brazil national football team, which had participated at 1966 FIFA World Cup, playing one match.

</doc>
<doc id="5934401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934401" title="Jorge Lorenzo">
Jorge Lorenzo

Jorge Lorenzo Guerrero (; born May 4, 1987) is a Spanish professional motorcycle road racer. He is the 2006 and 2007 250cc World Champion, and the and MotoGP World Champion. He currently competes in the MotoGP class, riding for the factory Yamaha team.
Motorcycling career.
125s and 250s.
Lorenzo made his championship debut on his fifteenth birthday, on the second qualifying day for the 2002 125cc Spanish Grand Prix, after having to miss Friday practice as he was not old enough to race. Lorenzo dominated the 2007 250cc World Championship. His nine pole positions led to nine victories in 2007, and all his 2006 poles bar Motegi led to victories in 2006.
Jorge's victory at Misano in 2007 was his 16th in the 250cc class, making him the most successful Spanish rider of all time in the 250cc GP class – with one more victory than Dani Pedrosa and Sito Pons.
MotoGP.
After being linked with a Yamaha MotoGP ride for 2008, on 25 July 2007 he was confirmed as Valentino Rossi's partner on a two year deal for the 2008 MotoGP season.
2008.
Lorenzo made a great start to his MotoGP career, finishing 2nd after qualifying on pole for the Qatar night race. He followed this up with pole at the second round in Jerez, Spain and 3rd Position, and pole in round 3 at Estoril, Portugal. He converted this pole into a victory, his maiden win in the Premier Class. In doing so, he became the youngest rider in MotoGP to finish on the podium in his first three races, taking the record from compatriot (and bitter rival) Dani Pedrosa by a single day.
By this stage of the Championship, Lorenzo was in joint first place with Pedrosa, but on May 1, 2008 Lorenzo was thrown from his bike during practice for the MotoGP Grand Prix of China. Lorenzo suffered a chipped bone and snapped ligament in his left ankle, and a fractured bone in his right. He was still able to finish the race in 4th place. Two weeks later at Le Mans, Lorenzo suffered two accidents in the practice sessions but managed to post a 2nd place result. In the following race in Italy he crashed during the race after qualifying seventh on the grid, The next week at Catalunya he experienced his fifth crash in four meetings, the practice session accident forcing him to miss the race.
At both Donington Park and Assen, he was observed to be riding more conservatively after a series of injuries, but moved up the order in the later part of the race to finish 6th in each case. He has commented that he is stronger in the latter parts of races, preferring the bike when it is low on fuel. In the next meeting at Sachsenring, however, Lorenzo crashed out of the race during very wet conditions. Lorenzo suffered yet more injuries to his feet at the USGP at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca on July 20, when he experienced his seventh crash in only three months. During the first lap a spectacular highside left Lorenzo with a sore right foot (or ankle) and three broken bones in his left foot, specifically the third, fourth and fifth metatarsals. At Misano, Lorenzo clinched 2nd place. Indianapolis saw him on the podium again this time in third position. He eventually finished the season in 4th position.
2009.
In 2009, Lorenzo stayed with Yamaha. His season started badly, with one win out of five races: in Japan.
As a consequence of a crash in qualifying at the Laguna Seca round, Lorenzo suffered a small fracture in the head of the fourth metatarsal in his right foot, contusions to the bones in both ankles and damage to his collarbone in his right shoulder. Two crashes later in the season, during the rain hit British Grand Prix and at Brno hampered his title bid, as he was 50 points behind championship leader Valentino Rossi prompting Lorenzo to claim his chances of winning the title have gone. He won at Indianapolis, while both Rossi and Pedrosa crashed, reducing Lorenzo's gap to Rossi to 25 points. His first corner crash with Nicky Hayden in Australia was a blow to his title chances and Rossi clinched the title with a third place finish in Malaysia.
2010.
On 25 August 2009, Lorenzo ended speculation surrounding a possible move to Honda or Ducati by signing a contract to race with Yamaha in the 2010 MotoGP Championship. Ducati reputedly offered him a 15 million dollar contract to take the seat vacated by Marco Melandri which was eventually taken by Nicky Hayden.
Lorenzo broke two bones in his hand in a pocket bike crash pre-season, therefore missing most of the pre-season testing. He fought through the field to finish second to Rossi in the season opener in Qatar, whilst still not fully fit. After Rossi broke his leg in a crash at Mugello, Lorenzo became the title favourite, with a 47-point lead after four wins in the first six rounds. Victory at Assen made him only the seventh rider ever to win in 3 classes at this prestigious circuit.
During a break between the Italian and British rounds of the championship, Lorenzo rode a Yamaha in a parade lap around the world famous Snaefell Mountain Course at the Isle of Man TT. He rode alongside former World Champion Ángel Nieto, later describing the experience as 'amazing'.
At the conclusion of the Senior TT, Lorenzo then took part of the garlanding ceremony, in which he bestowed garlands on third placed Bruce Anstey, second placed Ryan Farquhar and winner Ian Hutchinson, rounding off Hutchinson's historical five race wins at the 2010 TT meeting.
Despite nearest rival Dani Pedrosa making up ground in the latter stage of the season, Lorenzo was still in control with five races remaining. Pedrosa, the only man who could still overtake Lorenzo in the standings, then suffered a broken collarbone during practice, causing him to miss the next two races and virtually guaranteeing Lorenzo would become champion. On 10 October, Lorenzo clinched the title with a third place finish at the Malaysian Grand Prix behind Rossi and Andrea Dovizioso.
2011.
Lorenzo started the season with four podium finishes in the first five races, including a victory at the Spanish Grand Prix; he benefitted from a collision between Casey Stoner and Valentino Rossi, with both riders coming off their bikes, and Lorenzo eventually won the race by almost twenty seconds. He held the championship lead into the British Grand Prix, where he crashed out of the race, held in wet conditions, while running third. After a sixth place finish at Assen, Lorenzo then finished each of the next eight races in the top four placings, winning two of them, at Mugello, and Misano.
Lorenzo's season was ended by a crash during warm-up for the Australian Grand Prix at Phillip Island. Lorenzo lost the end of a finger, and underwent successful surgery in Melbourne to repair damage to it, with surgeons able to save the nerves and tendons of the injured fourth finger of his left hand. Surgery was deemed a success and as a result no functionality was lost in either the finger or the hand. Stoner won the championship at the event after winning the race, while Lorenzo maintained second place to the end of the championship, helped in part by the cancellation of the Malaysian Grand Prix after the death of Marco Simoncelli.
2012.
Lorenzo made his race return at the Qatar Grand Prix, qualifying on pole position before taking the race victory the following evening. After successive second places in Spain and Portugal, Lorenzo then won the next two races at Le Mans, and Catalunya; in the process, opening up a 20-point lead over Casey Stoner in the riders' championship. Ahead of the British Grand Prix, Lorenzo signed a new two-year contract with Yamaha, keeping him with the team until the end of the 2014 season. Lorenzo extended his championship lead to 25 points, by winning the race ahead of Stoner. After being taken out of the Dutch TT by Álvaro Bautista and a second place at the German Grand Prix, Lorenzo recorded his fifth win of the season at the Italian Grand Prix to extend his championship lead to 19 over Dani Pedrosa. Then he claimed his 2nd title at the Australian Grand Prix by finishing 2nd behind race winner Casey Stoner.
Celebrations.
Lorenzo has become known for his celebration antics, which became more frequent over the 2010 season. Those included Lorenzo imitating a spaceman, and Nintendo's Mario brothers making an appearance at the trackside.
Rivalry.
During his reign as 250cc champion, Lorenzo was known to be very aggressive in his riding, particularly when overtaking others. He was penalised by suspending him from taking part in Malaysia in 2005. Lorenzo's tenure in the Fiat Yamaha team has been underscored by an intense rivalry between himself and his team mate Valentino Rossi.
In 2011, Lorenzo was seen arguing with fellow rider Marco Simoncelli, who was under fire from Lorenzo for his dangerous riding. Simoncelli retorted by reminding Lorenzo of his race suspension after he was overly aggressive while overtaking a rider in 2005, which included last lap clashing of fairings with Pedrosa and moments later taking Alex de Angelis down. Lorenzo said, "if it doesn't come from you again there will be no problem". Simoncelli put even more fuel to the fire by saying "I will be arrested", to which a visibly angry Lorenzo reacted by saying, "this is no joke, we are playing with our lives here". Simoncelli claimed that he still had his leathers which were left blackened at the knee slider after a previous incident with Lorenzo at the final round of the season.
Personal life.
Lorenzo was born in Palma, Balearic Islands, Spain. In January 2010, Lorenzo got involved with the Oxfam international confederation's efforts in assisting support for the victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake.
The character Jorge in the video game is named for him, after Lorenzo wore a helmet at the 2009 Valencian Grand Prix that replicated a style of helmet from Halo 3.

</doc>
<doc id="5934404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934404" title="Laage">
Laage

Laage () is a municipality in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is situated on the river Recknitz, 23 kilometres southeast of Rostock. Rostock Laage Airport is located a few kilometres west of Laage.

</doc>
<doc id="5934405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934405" title="La Crosse Catbirds">
La Crosse Catbirds

The La Crosse Catbirds was an American basketball team based in La Crosse, Wisconsin and member of the Continental Basketball Association. The Catbirds were the 1990 and 1992 CBA champions. The team moved to La Crosse from Louisville in 1985, and left La Crosse for Pittsburgh in May of 1994. La Crosse would see the CBA return in 1995 when the La Crosse Bobcats took to the court.
Widely known as the training ground for future NBA coach Flip Saunders, who led the team to both championships.
Several future and previous NBA players played for the Catbirds, including Andre Turner, David Rivers, Mark Davis, Derrick Gervin, Elliot Perry, Dennis Nutt and Kenny Battle.

</doc>
<doc id="5934409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934409" title="West Sale Airport">
West Sale Airport

West Sale Airport is located about west of Sale, Victoria, Australia, off the Princes Highway.
During World War II, the aerodrome was requisitioned by the Royal Australian Air Force in 1941. Known as RAAF Base West Sale and RAAF Station West Sale, the aerodrome was home to No. 3 Bombing and Gunnery School and Air Gunnery School until December 1945, when the aerodrome was handed back to its owners.

</doc>
<doc id="5934425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934425" title="The Red Crow">
The Red Crow

The Red Crow is the second studio album by Altan, released in 1990 on the Green Linnet Records label. The title track, written by Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh also features on her 2008 début album, Imeall.
Track listing.
All titles are arranged by Altan.
All titles are traditional, except the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5934426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934426" title="Shepparton Airport">
Shepparton Airport

Shepparton Airport is located south of Shepparton, Victoria, Australia on the Goulburn Valley Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="5934430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934430" title="János Harmatta">
János Harmatta

János Harmatta (1917–2004) was a Hungarian linguist. He deciphered the Parthian ostraca and papyri of Dura Europos and was the first to decipher a major Bactrian inscription.
He taught as a professor at the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="5934436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934436" title="Stawell Airport">
Stawell Airport

Stawell Airport is located southwest of Stawell, Victoria, Australia on Grampians Road.

</doc>
<doc id="5934440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934440" title="Education in Tanzania">
Education in Tanzania

Education in Tanzania is provided both by the public sector and the private sector. The general structure is as follows:
Pre-primary education.
Each child who is not less than five years of age is eligible for enrollment for pre-primary education for a period of two years. Attendance is not compulsory.
Primary education.
Government primary schools teach in Kiswahili. A number of private primary schools, with substantial attendance fees, teach in English. 
It is compulsory for every child who has reached the age of seven years to be enrolled for primary education.
Elimination of tuition.
Primary school tuition in public schools was eliminated in 2002, but families still must pay for uniforms, testing fees, and school supplies.
Enrollment and teaching statistics.
Free tuition has led to a massive increase in the number of children enrolled in primary schools, from 4,839,361 in 2001 to 7,959,884 in 2006 to 8,410,000 in 2008.
This increase has not been accompanied by a proportional increase in resources for teachers, classrooms, and books. The ratio of pupils to qualified teachers nationwide in 2010 was 54:1, which was 35% above the goal of 40:1. Every region exceeded the goal except for Kilimanjaro and Dar es Salaam. Only three percent of students in Standard VI nationwide had sole use of a mathematics textbook in 2007 compared to seven percent in 2000.
In 2006, the gross primary enrollment rate was 110.3%, and the net primary enrollment rate was 97.8%. The "gross primary enrollment rate" is the ratio of the total number of students attending primary school to the official primary school-age population. The "net primary enrollment rate" is the ratio of the total number of primary school-age children enrolled in primary school to the official primary school-age population. These rates are based on the number of students formally registered in primary school and, therefore, do not necessarily reflect actual school attendance. In 2000, 57% of children age 5–14 years attended school.
Curriculum and language of instruction.
The Tanzania Institute of Education is the main body responsible for developing the curriculum. It prepares programmes, syllabi, and pedagogical materials such as handbooks and laboratory manuals. It also specifies standards for educational materials, trains teachers on curriculum innovations, monitors curriculum implementation in schools, and evaluates and approves manuscripts intended for school use.
The curriculum is composed of twelve subjects: Kiswahili, mathematics, science, geography, civics, history, English language, vocational subjects, French, religion, information and communication technology, and school sports. The focus of the curriculum is the development of the following competencies among learners: critical and creative thinking, communication, numeracy, technology literacy, personal and social life skills, and independent learning.
Except for eight schools, Kiswahili in 2010 was the medium of instruction in the 15,816 public primary schools nationwide. In contrast, English was the medium of instruction in 539 of the 551 registered private primary schools.
National examinations.
Until 1973, a student was required to pass the National Standard IV Exams to continue to Standard V. The exams are still given even though passage is no longer required. The pass rate was 70.6% in 2001, 88.7% in 2003, and 78.5% in 2007.
Under current law, a student must pass the Primary School Leaving Examination at the end of Standard VII to receive a primary school certificate and be eligible to attend public secondary school. In 2009, 49.4% of the 999,070 students who sat for these exams received passing marks. The pass rate has declined alarmingly from over 70% in 2006. The Dar es Salaam region had the highest pass rate (69.8%) while Shinyanga region had the lowest (31.9%). There was a significant disparity in the national pass rate for males (55.6%) versus females (43.2%). This disparity existed to some degree in every region except Kilimanjaro. Kiswahili was the subject that had the highest number of passing marks (69.1%). Mathematics had the lowest passing rate at 21.0%. Of those who passed the exams in 2009, 90.4% were selected to join public secondary schools for the year 2010. There was not enough room in those schools to accommodate everyone who passed.
Pupil achievement levels.
In 2000, 82.8% of children in Standard VI on the Tanzanian mainland were at or above reading level 4, "independent reading", which was fourth highest among 14 countries and regions in southern and eastern Africa (Botswana, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Seychelles, South Africa, Swaziland, Uganda, Tanzania (mainland), Zambia, Zanzibar). Although only 39.5% of those children were at or above mathematics level 4, "beginning numeracy", that was fifth highest among those countries and regions.
In 2007, the reading achievement level of Standard VI children in Tanzania was higher than that of children in any other country in southern and eastern Africa (Botswana, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Seychelles, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania (including Zanzibar), Uganda, Zambia, Zimbabwe). The mathematics achievement level of Tanzanian children in Standard VI in 2007 was third highest, behind only Mauritius and Kenya.
History.
The Tanzanian government's commitment to education as an integral part of its social and economic development started shortly after independence. Before independence, educational access was very restricted. The Arusha Declaration was followed in 1967 by the policy document "Education for Self-Reliance", in which education was assigned a seminal role in the transformation of Tanzania to an African socialist society. Universal primary education (UPE) was emphasized in the Musoma Declaration of 1974 as a way of transforming rural society and agriculture, from which it was acknowledged the vast majority of the population would derive their livelihood.
By the early 1980s, external shocks (oil crises, low coffee prices, drought, and war with Uganda) and deficient economic policy caused an economic crisis that needed to be resolved through economic restructuring and recovery. Tanzania's relationship, however, with the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) was tense because of differing perspectives on the root causes of the economic crisis and how to handle it. Tanzanian policy makers attributed the crisis to exogenous shocks, while the World Bank and the IMF stressed deficient economic policies and institutions as the root cause. For the education sector, this period saw a huge reduction in resources that lead to a reversal of progress made towards UPE during the 1970s and declining quantity and quality at all levels of education.
Despite subsequent progress from the economic reform efforts of the late 1980s and 1990s, social indicators were stagnating, including progress towards UPE. In 1995, the Ministry of Education prepared an Education and Training Master Plan. This was updated and further elaborated in a new phase of government policy embodied in the Education Sector Development Program (ESDP) of 1997 (revised in 2001), a program formulated to run from 1998 to 2007 and to have large scale impact that would accelerate progress on stagnating education indicators. The government also committed to the goals listed in the , which was issued in Jomtien, Thailand in 2000.
Within the larger ESDP, the government, together with civil society stakeholders and donors, formulated a Primary Education Development Program (PEDP) that took effect 2 January 2002 and ran to 2009. The World Bank supported the PEDP with a US$150 million Sector Adjustment Credit in 2001, which was supplemented by a US$50 million contribution by the Netherlands. The objectives of the PEDP were to: (1) expand school access; (2)
improve education quality; and (3) increase school retention at the primary level. These objectives would be achieved through improved resource allocation and utilization, improved educational inputs, and strengthened institutional arrangements for effective primary education delivery. The PEDP introduced, among other reforms, Capitation and Development Grants for direct disbursement to primary schools.
The government's National Strategy for Growth and Reduction of Poverty (2005) included a focus on education as part of its second cluster that deals with social well being and quality of life.
However the results have been exactly the opposite. Funding for public schools has been cut radically by the government resulting a drastic drop to resources and the quality of teachers. According to mothers of the children in Tanzania the young people have divided between to those, who have had privilege of education in private schools, and to vast majority who have been left uneducated, by the public schooling system.
Secondary education.
Levels.
Secondary education has two levels. Open Level is Form 1 through Form 4. After Form 4, a certificate is issued to all passing the Certificate of Secondary Education Examinations. Selected students may progress to A Level education (Forms 5 & 6) or ordinary diploma in technical colleges. Not all schools offer A Level classes. 
Private schools.
Passing the Standard VII exam is not a requirement to continue education, but anyone who fails is not selected to join a government secondary school. This creates a substantial market for private schools. Some private schools cater to the economically privileged who wish for better school resources, additional courses such as computer training, and smaller class sizes. Other private schools cater toward those who have not been selected for government schools.
Tuition and fees.
Government secondary schools charge tuition of about 20,000 Tanzanian shillings (TSH) per year (around US$12). Several fees are charged in addition to tuition, including testing fees, caution fees, watchman contribution, academic contribution, furniture contribution, identity fee, emblem fee, and fee for lunches. The government tries to keep education affordable while maintaining quality as high as possible. The number of government secondary schools, which includes community or ward based schools, has increased dramatically over the past few years, stretching scarce resources and teachers but offering an affordable education to many more students. Still, tuition and fees are burdensome to many families, especially large families, single parent families, and orphans. Families where the parents do not yet appreciate the value of education, especially for girls, is often enough to keep them from agreeing to pay for schooling.
Private secondary school annual tuitions vary from approximately TSH 200,000 (around US$150) to TSH 32 million (around US$20,000). A typical private school tuition is around TSH 700,000 ($525 USD).
Enrollment and teaching statistics.
In 2008, the total enrollment in Forms 1-4 was 1,164,250 students, and in Forms 5–6 it was 58,153 students. The total number of teachers was 32,835 and the total number of schools was 3,485. In the same year, the gross enrollment rate for Forms 1–4 was estimated at 36.2 percent, and the net enrollment rate was estimated at 24.4 percent. The figures for Form 5 and 6 were 4.0 percent and 1.4 percent, respectively.
In 2012, the total enrollment in Forms 5–6 was 78,438 students. The total number of teachers was 65,086.
The secondary schools that perform highest in the national examinations employ better-trained teachers, including experienced graduates. Higher pay and efficient school management attract the higher qualified teachers to non-government schools and seminaries. Of all teachers who have a university degree, 58 percent work in non-government schools, and of all Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science graduates with education degrees, 75 percent are absorbed in this sector. Most of the rest teach in government schools, with the result that very few are in the community-built schools.
National examinations.
A national standardized exam is given at the end of Form 2, although there is no consequence for failing it.
Another national standardized exam, the Certificate of Secondary Education Examination, is given at the end of Form 4. A student who passes is given a school-leaving certificate by his or her school. The student is also given an academic certificate by the National Examination Council of Tanzania. This certificate indicates the student's level of performance in several subjects, with division I being the best performance and division IV being the worst.
Secondary education ends when a student passes the Advanced Certificate of Secondary Education Examination and receives a diploma after completing Form 6. Depending on the test results, the student may then be selected to enroll in a university.
Language of instruction.
By law, all secondary education must be taught in English (except Kiswahili class). For many students, however, English is their third language. Even though Kiswahili is the national language, there are approximately 120 languages spoken in Tanzania. Especially in rural areas, a tribal language is often the first language learned by children.
In 2009, only 35.4% of students sitting for the National Standard VII Exam received passing marks in English. Students who do not pass this exam in English could still attend school where English is the primary language of instruction, making the use of English in secondary school teaching controversial. Those in favour of English-instruction secondary schools argue that the ability to speak English prepares students to work in the global economy. Those opposed argue that English-language instruction leaves students out and detracts from students concentrating on the subject matter.
Curriculum.
The curriculum of secondary education consists of optional subjects plus core and compulsory subjects.
The core and compulsory subjects in Form 1 and 2 that are offered by all schools include mathematics, English, physics with chemistry, Kiswahili, biology, history, geography, civics and religion. The optional subjects in Form 1 and 2 include home economics, information and computer studies, additional mathematics, music, fine arts, French, Arabic, other foreign languages, Islamic studies, Bible knowledge, and physical education. Students may choose none or any one or two of the listed subjects if offered at their school.
The core subjects in Form 3 and 4 offered by all schools include mathematics, English, Kiswahili, biology, civics, religion, history, geography, and physics and chemistry. The optional subjects in Form 3 and 4 include home economics, information and computer studies, additional mathematics, music, fine arts, French, Arabic, Islamic studies, Bible knowledge, and physical education.
The minimum number of subjects required for the Certificate of Secondary Education Examinations is seven. All candidates are tested in mathematics, English, Kiswahili, biology, and civics.
Student life.
Sports competitions had been an important part of after school activities. This stopped in 2000 but has just been reorganised in 2009. There are after-school activities such as debates and religious groups. At all but the most expensive schools, students take part in school maintenance or tasks such as gathering firewood for the school kitchen, grounds maintenance and tending school crops. 
Lack of a proper study environment at home, their inability to master the English language, poor nutrition/health and other economic related issues are the biggest obstacles students must overcome. It has also been reported that mass fainting is commonplace among schoolgirls, especially at girls' secondary schools.
Education sector national budget.
For fiscal year 2011/2012, which began 1 July 2011, the education sector national budget is 2,283 billion Tanzanian shillings, which equates to US$1.45 billion (at an exchange rate of 1,591 shillings per dollar). This is an 11.6% increase over the amount budgeted for fiscal year 2010/2011. After accounting for inflation, however, the increase is approximately 1%.
Based on actual performance in recent fiscal years, the amount budgeted for the Tanzanian Ministry of Education and Vocational Training is typically much more than the amount spent. In fiscal year 2008/2009, the ministry spent 85.1 billion shillings out of the 128.5 billion budgeted. The gap between budgeted and spent has increased since then. In fiscal year 2010/2011, the ministry spent only 76.8 billion out of the 139.7 billion budgeted.
A total of Shs. 155.1 billion was unspent in the last three years. This amount could be sufficient to build 3,875 houses for teachers according to the estimated costs of building one house at Shs. 40 million as outlined by ... 2 of the Secondary Education Development Program. By building these houses we could have reduced the problem of teachers lacking accommodation, especially for schools situated in remote rural villages.
The education sector was budgeted to consume 20% of the national budget in fiscal year 2008/2009. That share decreased to 17% in fiscal year 2011/2012.
Funds budgeted in fiscal year 2011/2012 for development, such as constructing buildings and teachers' houses, consume only 10.2% of the total amount budgeted for the education sector. This compares to 20-24% in Uganda and 14-15% in Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="5934450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934450" title="Swan Hill Airport">
Swan Hill Airport

Swan Hill Airport is located south of Swan Hill, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5934451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934451" title="Alden McLaughlin">
Alden McLaughlin

Alden McNee McLaughlin Jr., MBE, (born 6 September 1961) is a Caymanian politician and Premier of the Cayman Islands. McLaughlin serves as leader of the People's Progressive Movement in the Cayman Islands. McLaughlin is the Third Elected Member for George Town, serving his fourth term in the Legislative Assembly. He has represented the district of George Town in the Legislative Assembly of the Cayman Islands continuously since 2000.
Education and partnership with Charles, Ritchies & Duckworth.
McLaughlin was born and raised in George Town where he received his early education. He joined the Civil Service in July 1981 as Assistant Labour Officer and was transferred to the Judicial Department and appointed Deputy Clerk of the Court in 1982. In 1984 he resigned from the Civil Service and joined the firm of Charles Adams and Co. as an articled clerk. McLaughlin graduated from the University of Liverpool in 1988 with a Bachelor of Laws degree and was made partner in Charles Adams, Ritchie and Duckworth in 1993. McLaughlin left partnership in the firm in March 2006, committing himself fully to his political responsibilities.
Political career.
McLauglin was first elected to the Legislative Assembly in 2000 and is a founding member of the People’s Progressive Movement. He served as General Secretary of People’s Progressive Movement from 2002-2006.
During May 2005 - May 2009 under the People's Progressive Movement administration, McLaughlin served as Minister for Education, Training, Employment, Youth, Sports and Culture and Second Elected Member for the district of George Town in the Legislative Assembly. As Minister of Education he led the transformation of education in Cayman, laying down the foundation for world class 21st century learning. This included a reform of the administration of education, the first ever national curriculum, a different approach to teaching and learning and special attention to early childhood education and special education needs. He was responsible for the creation of the new Education Modernisation Law and piloted its passage through the Legislative Assembly in early 2009. This new law raised the mandatory age for school attendance from 16 to 17 and set in place the framework for what is now being called the Year 12 programme in the government high-school system. He has also spearheaded the construction of 21st century learning environments with the new Clifton Hunter and John Gray campuses, an initiative for which he has and continues to receive both praise and condemnation. Despite the criticism of his detractors, he remains as passionate as ever about the need to improve education in the Cayman Islands and to produce young people who are creative and innovative, problem solvers and critical thinkers and who possess skills and abilities which are locally relevant and globally competitive.
McLaughlin has represented the Cayman Islands Government at the highest level internationally at forums and conferences and as a member of delegations to London, Washington, D.C., Brussels, Melbourne, Australia, Cape Town, South Africa and a range of other jurisdictions.
He is a great proponent of good governance and of the need for open, honest and accountable government. He has been an advocate for more democratic government, freedom of information legislation and for a Bill of Rights for the Cayman Islands.
From as early as 2001, McLaughlin was at the forefront of the constitutional modernisation process for Cayman and during his term as Minister, he led the national discussions regarding constitutional change as well as the negotiations with the UK Government. The result was a new constitution which was approved in the country’s first referendum held to coincide with the elections in May 2009. For his contribution to constitutional development in Cayman, Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II awarded him the M.B.E. in the Queen’s Birthday Honours in 2010.
On February 12, 2011 The People’s Progressive Movement made history when it became the first political party in the Cayman Islands to transfer leadership. Kurt Tibbetts the then current leader of the opposition and founder of the PPM, stepped down as Leader of the Opposition an Leader of the People’s Progressive Movement at the extraordinary conference, passing on the party’s top job to Alden McLaughlin. McLaughlin was sworn in as Leader of the Opposition on February 21, 2011 in the Legislative Assembly of the Cayman Islands.
McLaughlin led the Progressives to win half of the seats in the 2013 general election. Following the election, outgoing premier Juliana O'Connor-Connolly crossed the floor to join the Progressives giving them a majority and paving the way to McLaughlin becoming premier. McLaughlin also secured the support of all 3 independent members belonging to the Coalition for Cayman parliamentary group, giving him a 13-5 majority. McLaughlin currently serves as Premier and Minister of Home and Community Affairs in the People's Progressive Movement Administration.
Personal life.
McLaughlin is a past President of the Caymanian Bar Association of which he has been a member for 16 years. He has been a Lion for more than 16 years and is the immediate Past President of the Lions Club of Grand Cayman. An avid cyclist, McLaughlin makes time on his bike and in the gym a regular part of his daily routine. He loves reading, confessing to keeping two or three books going at the same time. He enjoys farming as well and he and his father have a small farm in East End.
McLaughlin was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2010 Queen Elizabeth II Birthday Honours.
McLaughlin also serves as a Justice of the peace.
McLaughlin is married to Kim and they have two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="5934454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934454" title="Campomanesia">
Campomanesia

Campomanesia is a genus of the botanical family Myrtaceae. 
Selected species

</doc>
<doc id="5934465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5934465" title="Mikhail Botvinov">
Mikhail Botvinov

Mikhail Botvinov (born November 17, 1967 in Lidinka, Russia) is a Russian-born Austrian cross country skier who competed from 1990 to 2007 for both Russia and Austria. He won two medals at the Winter Olympics with a silver in the men's 30 km freestyle mass start event in 2002 and a bronze in the men's 50 km freestyle mass start in 2006 (Both for Austria). He also competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Winter Olympics and for Russia in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
Botvinov also won the 50 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1999, becoming the first Austrian to win the prestigious cross country event. He also won the Vasaloppet event in Sweden two years earlier.
His biggest successes were at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, where he won three medals. He won a bronze in 1993 for Russia in the 4 x 10 km relay. In 1999, representing Austria, won a gold in the 4 x 10 km relay and a bronze in the 50 km.
Botvinov defected from Russia to Austria in 1996 and was forced to sit out both the 1996-97 FIS World Cup Season and the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano until he could his citizenship status clarified, but returned to cross country form in 1998. He also encountered controversy with his teammate Christian Hoffmann regarding blood doping in 2002, though both cleared by the IOC on April 9, 2002.
Botvinov retired after the 2006-07 World Cup season.

</doc>
