<doc id="5858513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858513" title="1998 Minnesota Twins season">
1998 Minnesota Twins season

Like many Twins teams of its half-decade, the 1998 Minnesota Twins neither impressed nor contended. The team finished with a 70-92 record, with subpar batting and pitching. The season was not without its bright spots, as individual players had solid seasons and Hall of Fame designated hitter Paul Molitor announced his retirement at the end of the season. Unfortunately, Tom Kelly's team suffered plenty of lowlights, most notably David Wells' perfect game against the team on May 17 at Yankee Stadium.
Regular season.
Offense.
In 1998, Twins fans witnessed the emergence of Matt Lawton and Todd Walker as major league hitters. The team believed Walker would be able to fill the void left after the trade of Chuck Knoblauch, who had been traded to the New York Yankees on February 16. Fans also saw the merciful end to Twins' Scott Stahoviak era. Otis Nixon had a surprising year for a 39-year-old, hitting .297 and stealing 37 bases (leading the team). Molitor's hitting continued its gradual decline from his stellar 1996 campaign, with his average down to .281 and RBIs down to 69. These numbers were still competent and he was able to retire while playing solid baseball.
Pitching.
Bob Tewksbury was the opening day starter for the Twins, the last opening day starter not named Brad Radke until 2006. Tewksbury, Radke, LaTroy Hawkins, and rookie Eric Milton (acquired in the Knoblauch trade) were in the rotation for most of the year. Mike Morgan and Frank Rodriguez also started 17 and 11 games, respectively. While Morgan had an impressive year for a forty-year-old journeyman before being traded in August, Rodriguez's season was a major disappointment. In his last year for the Twins, Rodriguez went 4-6 with an ERA of 6.56. This could not have been what the team had in mind when it acquired him for Rick Aguilera in 1995.
Subsequent to that trade, the Twins reacquired Aguilera, and he served as the teams' closer in 1998, earning a respectable 38 saves. Also in the bullpen, Eddie Guardado, Mike Trombley, Héctor Carrasco, and Greg Swindell had competent seasons.
Defense.
In his penultimate year as a major league catcher, Minnesota native Terry Steinbach, then 36, had a mediocre season, with Javier Valentín as his backup. David Ortiz was projected as the starting first baseman, but was hampered by injuries. Orlando Merced, Molitor, and Stahoviak saw time at the position in Ortiz's absence. Walker played second, while Ron Coomer saw a majority of the time at third. Pat Meares was the starting shortstop, but was unceremoniously dumped by the team following the season. The outfield consisted of a declining Marty Cordova, Nixon, and Lawton.
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; R = Runs; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In; Avg. = Batting Average; Slg. = Slugging Average; SB = Stolen Bases"
Other batters.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in"
Pitching.
Starting pitchers.
"Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned Run Average; SO = Strikeouts"
Other pitchers.
"Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned Run Average; SO = Strikeouts"
Relief pitchers.
"Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned Run Average; SO = Strikeouts"

</doc>
<doc id="5858514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858514" title="Battle of Vyborg Bay (1790)">
Battle of Vyborg Bay (1790)

The Battle of Viborg Bay (in Swedish literature known as "Viborgska gatloppet", "the Viborg gauntlet") was a naval battle fought between Russia and Sweden on July 4, 1790, during the Russo-Swedish War (1788-1790). The Swedish Navy suffered heavy losses, losing six ships of the line and four frigates, but Gustav III of Sweden eventually ensured a Swedish naval escape through a Russian naval blockade composed of units of the Baltic Fleet, commanded by Admiral Vasili Chichagov. The battle ranks among the world's largest historical naval battles and also among the most influential, as it introduced the naval battle concept of "firepower over mobility".
Background.
In 1790, King Gustav III of Sweden revived his plan for a landing close to St. Petersburg, this time near Viborg. But the plan foundered in a disastrous attack on the Russian fleet at the Battle of Reval on May 13. A further attack on the Russian fleet off Kronstadt at the beginning of June also failed and the Swedish high seas fleet and the "archipelago fleet" ("skärgårdsflottan") both retired to Viborg Bay.
The stage for the battle was set in the first week of June 1790. Northern white nights were nearly as light as the day and, to King Gustav's consternation, unfavourable southwesterly winds prevented the combined Swedish fleets of some 400 vessels from sailing southeast to Swedish-controlled Finnish waters. This allowed the Russian sailing battlefleet and coastal galley fleet to join forces.
King Gustav ordered a two-part Swedish naval force of 400 ships (with 3,000 guns and 30,000 sailor and soldiers) to anchor temporarily between the islands of Krysserort (Ristiniemi in Finnish), and Biskopsö (Severny Berezovy in Russian, Piisaari in Finnish) just inside the mouth of Bay of Viborg, Russia, in the Gulf of Finland. This strategic position placed the Swedish navy within striking distance of the Russian imperial capital, Saint Petersburg.
The sailing battlefleet of 21 ships of the line, 13 frigates, various smaller ships, and 16,000 men, was led by flag-captain Admiral Nordenskiöld, under command of Grand Admiral Duke Carl, younger brother of King Gustav III of Sweden. The coastal galley flotilla ("Skärgårdsflottan") of 14,000 sailors and army soldiers was led by flag-captain Colonel George de Frese, under personal charge of Gustav III of Sweden. 
On June 8, 1790, the Russian Baltic Fleet under Admiral Vasili Chichagov blockaded the only two navigable channels in and out of Viborg Bay and locked the Swedish fleet in the bay while he waited for Prince Charles Henry of Nassau-Siegen to arrive from Kronstadt with the Russian galley fleet. This blockade consisted of a primary force of 50 ships (with 2,718 guns and 21,000 men), and a secondary force of 20 galleys (led by Captain Shlissov), 8 rowed archipelago frigates (led by Vice-Admiral Kozlyaninov) and 52 other rowed galleys. 
On Chichagov's orders, four sets of ships (each with a trailing bomb ship) were positioned east to west, broadsides to the Swedish force. The first set, led by Major General Pyotr Lezhnev consisted of four ships of the line in the narrow eastern channel. In the dangerously shallow western channel between Krysserort and Repiegrund sat a set of five chain-linked ships of the line; a group of five frigates (three led by Rear Admiral Pyotr Khanykov and two led by British-born Russian admiral Robert Crown) further south between Lilla Fiskarna island, the Pensar Islets (Pensarholmarna) and the shoreline, and another group of five ships (including two frigates) further west at Pitkäpaasi. 
Meanwhile, on June 18, 1790, an assault on the Russian galley fleet at Trångsund (Vysotsk, Uuuras in Finnish), ordered by Gustav III of Sweden and started two days earlier, failed due to lack of support of its center force and returned. Shortages of food and water prompted Gustav III of Sweden to act. On June 19, 1790, he instructed admiral Nordenskiöld to formulate a plan for the breakout for when the winds changed, one which would include a distraction with gun sloops at Kanonslupar with an actual breakout at Krysserort, and one which the king would lead personally. 
Then on July 2, 1790, the wind shifted to the north, favorably for the Swedish supreme command at Vyborg Bay, which met in session, and a Swedish reconnaissance force apprehended a Russian unit at Björkö Sound in the Battle of Björkö sound.
Battle.
On June 21, 1790, Prince Nassau-Siegen attacked the Swedes at Björkö Sound with 89 ships. Then, at nightfall on July 3 (June 22 OS), 1790 Gustav III of Sweden ordered the breakout to commence from Krysserort at 10:00 on the following day. 
At 02:00 on July 4, 1790, Swedish units bombarded Russian shore batteries. At the same time, Swedish sloops, led by Lieutenant Colonel Jacob Törning, attacked a Russian naval unit just west of Vasikansaari Island, west of Björkö sound.
Just prior to 07:00 that morning, Gustav III of Sweden spoke with then captain Johan Puke of the 64-gun ship of the line, the "Dristigheten" ("The Audacity"), which would lead the breakout. Moments later, Puke, aboard the "Dristigheten", led a line of ships and the Swedish naval fleet away from the bay, through the western channel, around the Salvors shallows into the middle of the channel between the shallows and Krysserort, and towards the first Russian ships of the line, the "Seslav" and "Saint Peter" which were part of the Russian Admiral Povalishin's squadron deployed to block the channel leading to west.
This line of ships consisted of the flagship the "Konung Gustaf III" (with Prince Grand Admiral Duke Carl aboard), the "Seraphimerorden" (with Gustav III of Sweden aboard) - in the line's center, the "Manligheten" ("The Manliness", sister ship of the "Dristigheten"), the other ships of line, the navy frigates, the frigate "Zemire", the 70-gun ship of the line "Enigheten" ("The Unity"), and three fire barges, used to set fire to enemy ships. Meanwhile, the flotilla protected the naval fleet, on a parallel course further west, nearer the shoreline. Immediately prior to the engagement, Gustav III transferred onto a smaller sloop. Puke ordered all non-essential personnel below decks and, moments later, the Swedish navy engaged the Russian blockade, splitting between the "Selsav" and the "Saint Peter". Gustav III of Sweden was rowed through the fire, but the flagship "Konung Gustaf III" was hit and the Grand Admiral Duke Carl injured.
While the blockading Russian ships opened fire on the Swedish vanguard the damage caused by the Russian ships was relatively small and all Swedish ships remained fully capable of action. Swedish fire when sailing past the blockading Russian ships however caused severe damage to several of the Russian ships. By the time the main body of the Swedish fleets arrived to the blockade the Russian ships posed no longer any danger to the Swedes. At least one of the Russian ships had suffered a severe list from the damage. Russian frigate squadron west of the Povalishin's ships was too far out with their visibility obscured by gunpowder smoke to prevent the Swedish ships from breaching the blockade. Near total inactivity of the main body of the Russian fleet of Admiral Chichagov aided the Swedes.
Once through the first group of ships, Gustav III of Sweden reboarded the "Seraphimerorden". The king's personal ship, the "Amphion" survived with no damage. Further west, the galley fleet line of ships consisting sequentially of the frigates "Styrbjörn" and "Norden" ("North"), six "Turuma" squadron ships, "Sällan Värre" ("Rarely Worse"), the remaining archipelago frigates, Malmberg's and Hjelmstierna's coastal squadrons, and Colonel Jacob Tönningen's assigned gun sloops and gun tenders, passed the first Russian set of ships, then engaged the second. The "Styrbjörn" though subjected to heavy fire, managed to pass through and score several hits on Russian commander Povalishin's ship and on the bomb ship "Pobeditel" ("Victor").
As the majority of both Swedish fleets passed through the blockade, Ensign Sandel, commanding the fireship "Postiljonen" ("Postman"), towed by the 74-gun ship of the line "Enigheten", set his ship on fire too early. He then, under alcoholic intoxication, committed a series of errors which caused the fireship to drift towards the "Enigheten", setting it on fire, and then to collide with the Swedish 40-gun frigate "Zemire", with all three ships exploding in an enormous channel-covering cascade of debris and smoke. The explosion severely damaged or destroyed ships within or trying to get through the blockade. The Russian ship groups blocking the Swedish fleets were disrupted by passing Swedish ships.
The Swedish navy lost a total of eight ships (seven running aground in the heavy smoke from the explosion): four grounded ships of the line - the 64-gun "Hedvig Elisabeth Charlotta" (though her captain, Jindric Johan Nauckhoff, continued firing at the Russian frigates until the end), the "Finland" at the Salvors shallows, the 74-gun "Lovisa Ulrika" at the Passaloda shallows just south of Reipie, and the 64-gun "Ömheten" ("the Tenderness") at the Pensar islets - and one shipwrecked ship of the line (the "Auroras"), although the king's British naval adviser Sidney Smith was saved; three frigates including the "Uppland" and the "Jarrislawitz" ("Yaroslavets," captured in 1788 from Russia), both at the Passaloda shallows.
The two Swedish fleets followed separate routes from the bay. The battlefleet accompanied by most of the heavier elements of the archipelago fleet (such as the archipelago frigates) sailed to the open sea while the rest of the archipelago fleet followed the much shallower route closer to the land. However the Russian frigate squadron commanded by Crown was deployed expressly to blockade the shallower route which forced the light Swedish gun sloops, gun yawls and galleys to head to more open waters where the waves and winds rendered the Swedish archipelago fleet almost totally incapable of fighting. Noticing that the Swedes sailed further out and the problems that it had caused Crown set after them and forced several of the Swedish ships to struck their colors as he threatened to run over the small Swedish ships struggling in the open sea. Crown's squadron very nearly captured Gustaf III but were turned away almost on the last seconds by the orders from Chichagov to start pursuit of the Swedish battlefleet just as Crown's frigate was about to capture the ship where Gustaf III was. As the Russians had only sent few prize crews in their hurry to force Swedish ships to surrender most of the Swedish ships which had surrendered raised their flags again or overpowered the prize crews and rejoined the Swedish archipelago fleet once the frigate squadron had been ordered to leave.
The Swedish archipelago fleet lost four galleys to the shallows: the "Ehrenpreuss", the "Palmstierna", the "Nerika". These ships were all ran aground at the Pensar islet, close to the second set of Russian ships and the Russian ship "Noli Me Tangere" ("Не тронь меня"), only "Nerika" was able get escape while others were forced to struck their colors. Additionally galleys "Östergötland", "Nordstjerneorden", "Ekeblad" and "Dalarne" were captured by the Russians while the Swedish were trying to avoid Russian frigate squadron blocking the coastal sea route.
Aftermath.
The Swedish warships that survived the breakout headed into open seas, assembled at Vidskär skerry just south of Pitkäpaasi, and then sailed to Sveaborg fortress near Helsinki, Finland for repairs. Chichagov was late in pursuing the Swedish navy, but pursued them to Sveaborg. The next day, Captain Crown captured the 62-gun "Retvisan" ("Justice" in old Swedish spelling) with the help of the 66-gun "Izyaslav" (The Imperial Russian Navy would subsequently name other ships "Retvisan").
The Swedish battlefleet retired to Sveaborg for repairs while the Swedish archipelago fleet made for a strong defensive position at Svensksund, near Kotka. An impetuous Russian attack on the Swedish archipelago fleet on July 9 at the Second Battle of Svensksund resulted in a disaster for the Russians, and both parties would sue for peace.

</doc>
<doc id="5858517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858517" title="Nova Scotia Route 202">
Nova Scotia Route 202

Route 202 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located within the Municipality of the District of East Hants in Hants County and connects Lakelands at Trunk 1 with Nine Mile River at Trunk 14.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5858519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858519" title="Officiant">
Officiant

An officiant is someone who officiates (i.e. leads) at a service or ceremony, such as marriage, burial, or namegiving/baptism. Officiants may be ordained by any religious denomination as members of clergy, or by any official secular organization. Officiants differ from Chaplains in that Officiants serve the unaffiliated public at large, while Chaplains are usually employed by an institution such as the military, a hospital or other health care facility, etc. The term "Officiant" includes Justices of the Peace, celebrants, marriage commissioners, ministers, notaries, and other people empowered by law to perform legally binding private ceremonies. 
Ordination is a requirement in a number of jurisdictions to officiate at weddings, but each state, province and country has their own laws. In places where ordination is not required by secular law, it is left to the requirements of the particular religious denomination or church whether ordination is required. 
Some Officiants work within congregations in some denominations as non-ordained members on the Clergy team. While an officiant or celebrant at a "sacrament" must be ordained, the same is not true of an officiant at other services. Duties of an officiant leading congregational worship vary among denominations. A common duty is to give the congregation cues when to bow during the doxology, to read from Scripture, and to call general prayers, e.g.,

</doc>
<doc id="5858522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858522" title="Kyle Quincey">
Kyle Quincey

Kyle Quincey (born August 12, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Los Angeles Kings and Colorado Avalanche.
Playing career.
Quincey grew up in the Caledon, Ontario area playing most of his minor hockey for the Halton Hurricanes AAA program of the OMHA. He was drafted in the third round (47th overall) of the 2001 OHL Priority Selection by the London Knights.
Quincey was drafted 132nd overall by the Detroit Red Wings in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft after finishing his first Major junior hockey season with the London Knights of the Ontario Hockey League in 2002–03. At the beginning of the 2003–04 season in early October, Quincey was traded from the London Knights to the Mississauga IceDogs in a blockbuster deal for star Rob Schremp. Quincey helped the IceDogs to the OHL final in 2004 before the IceDogs were swept in four games by the Guelph Storm.
Developing as an offensively able defensive defenceman, Kyle was named in the OHL second All-Star Team in the 2004–05 season after finishing with 46 points in 59 games. Selected as the Eastern Conferences Best Defensive Defenceman he also placed third in voting for the OHL's top defenceman award the Max Kaminsky Trophy.
On July 28, 2005, Kyle was signed by the Detroit Red Wings to a three-year entry level contract. He was assigned to the Wings' American Hockey League affiliate, the Grand Rapids Griffins, to begin his first professional season in 2005–06. He finished the season fifth among rookie defenceman in the AHL with seven goals and 33 points in 70 games while also making his NHL debut with Detroit against the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim on November 25, 2005. 
Qunicey was again assigned to the Griffins the following season. As a late call-up he scored his first NHL goal in the last game of the Red Wings' 2006–07 regular season in a 7–2 win over the Chicago Blackhawks on April 7, 2007. He scored in the second period against Patrick Lalime which turned out to be the final Red Wing goal of the regular season. After injuries to defencemen Niklas Kronwall and Mathieu Schneider, Quincey was thrust into play just as the playoffs had begun. He first played in game six, an overtime victory for Detroit against the Calgary Flames that enabled the Wings to move on to the second round against the San Jose Sharks. The Red Wings eventually lost to the Anaheim Ducks in six games in the Conference final.
Slated to make the Detroit roster after an impressive 13-game playoff performance, Kyle suffered a setback after suffering a broken hand in training camp resulting in missing the entire 2007–08 pre-season. Quincey returned and played the majority of the year with Grand Rapids scoring 20 points in 66 games. He was used as an call-up from the Griffins in February to play six games for Detroit in the regular season. During the 2008 playoffs, he was on the practice roster for the whole playoffs as the Red Wings captured the Stanley Cup. Although the Red Wings included him on the Stanley Cup winning picture, he was not awarded a Stanley Cup ring and did not qualify to be inscribed on the Stanley Cup. 
Going into the 2008–09 season Quincey was re-signed to a two-year contract with the Red Wings on September 9, 2008. Unable to crack the talent-laden Red Wings and due to salary cap compliance issues, Kyle was placed and claimed off waivers on October 13, 2008, by the Los Angeles Kings. Posting an assist in his Kings debut against the Carolina Hurricanes on October 17, 2008, he quickly became an important part of a young Kings defensive corps, especially early in the season due to the injury of Jack Johnson, playing on the power play and penalty killing units. He finished his breakthrough season leading the Kings defence in scoring with 34 assists and 38 points in 72 games before finally succumbing to a herniated disc on April 1, 2009. 
On July 3, 2009, Quincey was traded, along with defenceman Tom Preissing and a fifth-round pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft to the Colorado Avalanche in exchange for left winger Ryan Smyth. In the 2009–10 season he made his Avalanche debut on opening night in a 5–2 victory over the San Jose Sharks on October 1, 2009. Quincey joined Todd Gill to become just the second player to play on the Avalanche after previously appearing for the rival Detroit Red Wings. Kyle again quickly established himself within the re-building Avalanche defence to lead the team in average ice time and record a career high of six goals for 29 points in 79 games. On July 2, 2010, he was signed by the Avalanche to a two-year contract.
In July and August 2011, Kyle Quincey captained Canada in an three-game exhibition series against USA in New Zealand.
On February 21, 2012, in the last year of his contract with the Avalanche, Quincey was traded by Colorado to the Tampa Bay Lightning for Steve Downie. Moments later, Tampa Bay traded him to the Detroit Red Wings for a 2012 first-round pick and minor league player Sebastien Piche. Marking his progression in returning to his original draft team in which his initially left on a waiver, Quincey appeared in all 18 games and the Red Wings first round defeat to the Predators to end the 2011–12 season.
As a restricted free agent on July 18, 2012, Quincey re-signed with the Red Wings on a two-year contract. With the NHL lockout cancelling the start of the 2012–13 season, Quincey who still resided in Denver, Colorado from his tenure with the Avalanche, signed with the inaugural Denver Cutthroats of the Central Hockey League under the influence of former Kings team-mate and now Cutthroats head coach Derek Armstrong on October 12, 2012. With the intention to give back to the community, Quincey posted 11 points in 12 games with the Cutthroats before ending his tenure with the team on November 19, 2012.
Quincey returned to Detroit when the NHL lockout ended in January, 2013. 
During the 2013–14 season, Quincey was one of two Red Wings to play in all 82 games, recording four goals and nine assists along the way. On July 2, 2014, the Detroit Red Wings signed Quincey to a two-year, $8.5 million contract. 
Personal.
Quincey hails from Orangeville, Ontario, and cites former Toronto Maple Leafs forward Bill Berg as one of his childhood idols. "When I was young, my dad took me to see a Kings game in Toronto. I was watching Wayne Gretzky, but my dad said to me, ‘watch the way Bill Berg plays. Look at him working in the corners, not being afraid to get his nose dirty, and doing all of the little things.’ Berg became one of my favorite players to watch after that because of the effort he put, and how he never took a night off. I feel like I have taken a similar approach to working hard and being confident to do whatever is asked of me." Kyle celebrated his day with the Stanley Cup from the Detroit Red Wings in Caledon, Ontario with family and friends. He also took the Cup to Alder Street Recreation Centre for Autographs and pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="5858532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858532" title="British Association of Mountain Guides">
British Association of Mountain Guides

The British Association of Mountain Guides (BMG) has over 140 members, and coordinates internationally recognized training and certification programmes.
The Association is a member of the International Federation of Mountain Guides Associations (IFMGA).
History.
The Association was formed in 1975 as an autonomous body to develop and enhance the training, skills and reputation of the increasing number of skilled mountaineers who wished to qualify as guides and follow this profession in the world's mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="5858542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858542" title="Linacre Road railway station">
Linacre Road railway station

Linacre Road railway station was a station located on the North Mersey Branch It opened on 1 June 1906 and closed on 2 April 1951. The singled track is still in place, although no longer electrified and in a state of dereliction.
Since the 1970s there have been plans to re-electrify the North Mersey Branch and reintroduce a passenger service. As part of those plans Linacre Road station would reopen. 

</doc>
<doc id="5858550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858550" title="Bakhchisaray Cave Monastery">
Bakhchisaray Cave Monastery

The Assumption Monastery of the Caves (Успенский пещерный монастырь) is located in Crimea, near Bakhchysarai. It is a cave monastery carved out of a cliff.
The date of the monastery's foundation is disputed, although local monks assert that it originated as early as the 8th century but was abandoned when Byzantium lost its hold on the region. The current monastic establishment dates back to the 15th century.
In 1921 the monastery was closed by the Soviet government. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union and Ukrainian independence the monastery was reopened to the public in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5858565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858565" title="Mathieu Roy">
Mathieu Roy

Mathieu Roy (born August 10, 1983) is a professional ice hockey defenceman with the Hamburg Freezers organization of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Playing career.
Roy was drafted in the seventh round of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, 215th overall, by the Edmonton Oilers. Most of Roy's professional career has been spent in the American Hockey League, with the Toronto and Edmonton Roadrunners, and the Hamilton Bulldogs, although he has also spent time in the NHL with the Edmonton Oilers.
In the 2006–07 season, on January 10, 2007 while on a recall to the Oilers, Roy scored his first NHL goal against the San Jose Sharks.
On November 2, 2007, after only a few minutes into a game, Roy was checked into the boards by Nashville Predators forward Jordin Tootoo, forcing Roy to leave the game with a shoulder injury.
On July 14, 2009, Roy signed a one-year, two-way contract with the Columbus Blue Jackets. In the 2009–10 season, Roy appeared in 31 games with the Blue Jackets, recording a career-high 10 assists before he was traded to the Florida Panthers for Matt Rust on March 3, 2010.
The following season, Roy was signed by the Tampa Bay Lightning and was assigned to AHL affiliate, the Norfolk Admirals to begin the 2010–11 season. Roy registered 22 points in 45 games with the Admirals and was recalled to play in 4 games with the Lighting during the season as a depth defenseman.
A free agent, Roy signed with South East Division rivals the Carolina Hurricanes to a one-year contract on September 14, 2011. Roy failed to make his debut with the Hurricanes, assigned to affiliate the Charlotte Checkers for the duration of the 2011–12 season.
With free agency once again in procession and the impending 2012 NHL lockout, Roy signed his first European contract with the Hamburg Freezers of the German Hockey League on July 12, 2012. During a successful debut season with the Freezers, Roy was signed to a one-year extension on January 3, 2013. He finished the 2012–13 season, with 26 points in 51 games. 
Upon elimination from the Playoffs with the Freezers, Roy returned to North America for the off-season. On April 23, 2013, With his previous NHL club, the Tampa Bay Lightning, suffering from a depleted blueline, Roy was signed to a contract for the final game of the Lightning's 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5858571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858571" title="Versicle">
Versicle

A versicle is the first half of one of a set of preces, said or sung by an officiant or cantor and answered with a said or sung response by the or choir. For example, in the following opening of the Anglican service of Evening Prayer according to the "Book of Common Prayer", the first line is the versicle and the second is the response.
In some liturgical books (such as hymnals or breviaries), the symbol "V" or "℣" is used.

</doc>
<doc id="5858575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858575" title="List of Missouri Secretaries of State">
List of Missouri Secretaries of State

The people below have all served as the Secretary of State for the U.S. state of Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="5858588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858588" title="École nationale de la France d'Outre-Mer">
École nationale de la France d'Outre-Mer

The École Nationale de la France d'Outre-Mer (ENFOM; French for "National School of Overseas France") was a French "grande école", providing training for future colonial administrators. It was situated in Paris, avenue de l'Observatoire, 2.
Created under the name "École coloniale" ("Colonial School") in 1889, it succeeded the "École cambodgienne" ("Cambodian School") - established in 1885 - and took the ENFOM name in 1934 (it was still referred to as "La Colo" in colloquial terms). On 23 June 1956, it was subject to the French Fourth Republic's "Africanization" of colonial administration policy: the number of its African and Malagasy students equaled that of Metropolitan France ones.
In 1959, it became the "Institut des hautes études d'Outre-Mer" (IHEOM), and offered training to administrators of African countries that were members of the French Community (including Madagascar); in 1966, IHEOM was replaced by the "Institut international d’administration publique" that formed future leaders from Third World countries and which ultimately fused into the École nationale d'administration in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5858591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858591" title="FILe Generator and Editor">
FILe Generator and Editor

An acronym for FILe Generator and Editor, FILGE was a command-oriented text editor created by CompuServe in the early 1970s. Its many commands were preceded by a slash (/) character. For example, if a text file contained the line:
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog"
The word 'fox' could be replaced with 'wolf' using this command:
"/c/fox/wolf"
To see the result of the edit, the user could type:
"/p"
and in this case, would see
"The quick brown wolf jumps over the lazy dog"
There were many other commands, which later including a repeating capability, which allow significant file manipulations to be performed without the need to write special programs. FILGE was replaced by screen-oriented WYSIWYG editors.

</doc>
<doc id="5858597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858597" title="Art Regner">
Art Regner

Art Regner is a sports radio broadcaster, author, and a columnist for Fox Sports Detroit blog who has been on the Detroit sports airwaves, for WDFN and WXYT, since the 1990s. He is a native of Livonia, Michigan and graduated from Franklin High School. Regner is a graduate of the University of Michigan and has co-written three sports books on what it means to be a Michigan Wolverine and Detroit Red Wing and The Great Book of Detroit Sports Lists with his good friend Michael Stone.
Radio career.
On April 2, 2007, Regner returned to "WDFN Sports Radio 1130", debuting as a guest co-host on the "Stoney & Wojo" show for the Detroit Tigers home opener. Regner began his career at WDFN as an original on-air voice. He covered the Detroit Lions and Detroit Red Wings, hosting post game shows for each team. Regner became especially beloved for his passionate rants on WDFN's Detroit Lions' post game shows and for how he managed callers with similar frustrations. He also hosted a Red Wings weekly show with Chris Osgood as a frequent guest. 
When WXYT won Detroit Tigers & Detroit Red Wings broadcast rights in 2000, the entire station adopted a Sports Talk format and Regner was the first WDFN on air personality to join "Team 1270." He was later joined by fellow 'DFNers Pat Caputo, Marc Spindler and Terry Foster. 
The station changed its tag line several times as the Detroit Lions eventually signed a broadcast rights deal with WXYT and their FM partner WKRK respectively. Regner was a major pre and post game voice on Red Wing broadcasts and professed to be "Lions Free" after being let down one too many times by the Honolulu Blue and Silver. 
In 2005, he became co-host of "The Big Show" with Doug Karsch, which aired weekdays from 3PM until 7PM in direct competition with WDFN's anchor show and ratings leader, Stoney and Wojo. Karsch and Regner were heavily promoted and often broadcast from locations, like the Tigers series in Chicago and 2006 play-offs in Yankee Stadium. Yet WXYT was constantly tinkering with their line-up, even dropping the all-sports format for a spell when "Opie and Anthony" replaced a local morning show hosted by Scott "The Gator" Anderson and Marc Spindler. In December 2006, Regner's contract was not renewed by WXYT in an apparent cost-cutting move. A week later WKRK fired Mark Wilson and Rob Parker, hosts of "Parker & The Man" in a similar local sports radio downsize. Regner being let go prompted many loyalists to email complaints to then GM Kevin Murphy. 
Regner's non-compete clause after being released by WXYT ended March 29, 2007. He rejoined WDFN publicly on air for Detroit Tigers Opening Day, co-hosting with Mike Stone on April 2, 2007. He has been part of WDFN since that day.
In March 2011, Regner became the featured blogger at FoxSportsDetroit.com and his blog quickly became one of the websites most popular destinations. He also host a weekly show called "Lunch with Art" on FoxSportsDetroit.com interviewing many local and national Sports celebrities. Art is also a valued member of St. Damian's Red Softball Team, and one of the founding members of the Relics.

</doc>
<doc id="5858609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858609" title="Nova Scotia Route 203">
Nova Scotia Route 203

Route 203 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Shelburne and Yarmouth Counties and runs through a sparsely populated area including Argyle Municipality from Shelburne at Trunk 3 along the border of the Tobeatic Wilderness Area through Kemptville and connects to Nova Scotia Route 340 at Carleton. The village of East Kemptville is the only part of a municipality in Nova Scotia disconnected from the rest of the district by roads, and accessible only from other districts via Highway 203.
Route 203 is considered the loneliest road in the province because it has the longest uninhabited stretch of any paved highway in Nova Scotia.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5858612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858612" title="Coat of arms of Palestine">
Coat of arms of Palestine

The coat of arms of Palestine may refer to the emblem used by the State of Palestine and Palestinian National Authority (PNA) or to the emblem used by the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO).
PNA and state emblem.
The emblem used by the Palestinian National Authority and the State of Palestine features the pan-Arab colors of the Palestinian flag on a shield carried by the Eagle of Saladin. Below it flies a scroll with the Arabic text "فلسطين", "Palestine". 
An alternate version stating "السلطة الفلسطينية" or "The Palestinian Authority" was used by the Palestinian National Authority, alongside the version stating "Palestine", but this was discontinued following the upgrade of the State of Palestine to a non-member state status in the United Nations on 29 November 2012 and the renaming of the Palestinian National Authority to "State of Palestine" by presidential decree in January 2013.
PLO emblem.
The emblem of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) shows the Palestinian flag above a map of Palestine under the British Mandate (present-day Israel, the West Bank, and the Gaza Strip).

</doc>
<doc id="5858617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858617" title="Astronaut transfer van">
Astronaut transfer van

The astronaut transfer van, also known as the Astrovan, is a NASA vehicle used at the Kennedy Space Center to transport astronauts from the Operations and Checkout Building to the launch pad before a launch mission, to the pad for launch dress rehearsals, and back to Operations and Checkout Building following a shuttle landing.
According to driver Ronnie King, the astronauts like the history-filled vehicle, even if it is somewhat old, and even argued against upgrading the vehicle. "We were staged to get a new one," King said, and added that word came that the rookie astronauts wanted to keep the vehicle that was a tradition of the astronauts who traveled those nine miles to the pad before them.
During the twenty-minute drive from the Operations and Checkout Building to the launch pad for shuttle launches, the Astrovan usually stops at least once along the way. An astronaut rides with the crew to the Shuttle Landing Facility, and is let off there to board the Shuttle Training Aircraft and assess local weather conditions. Senior NASA management often ride along as well, and are dropped off at the Launch Control Center.
Versions.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="5858624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858624" title="Gilsland Spa">
Gilsland Spa

Gilsland Spa is the present-day name of a hotel at Gilsland, Cumbria, England. It is named from the sulphurous spring which issues from a cliff below the hotel.
The original hotel was called The Shaws, from an Old English word meaning a small woodland, and was built in the 1760s, although the site and its surrounding farmland have been known by this name since at least 1603. Lord William Howard's map of the Barony of Gilsland of this date shows two buildings near the site of the hotel labelled "Two tenements called the Shaws". Very little is known about the first hotel but one contemporary drawing suggests that it may have had a tower in imitation of the type of fortified house known locally as a peel.
This original Shaws Hotel burned down spectacularly in 1859, and was replaced on a grander scale soon afterwards by G. G. Mounsey, a local landowner and first elected mayor of Carlisle. Around this time, Rose Hill railway station was renamed Gilsland, and the surrounding collection of hamlets became the village of Gilsland, but the hotel continued to be called The Shaws until it was leased to the Gilsland Spa Hotel and Hydro Company of South Shields in 1893. Expensive renovations, including an improved water supply, crippled this company financially, and it failed in 1900. During its time the hotel has been a First World War military convalescent home and a Second World War maternity hospital and was known locally until recently as "The Home". The Co-operative Wholesale Society took over in 1902 and have run it ever since, the Co-operative Group being principal shareholders in the business. The present-day management welcome the use of its large car park by visitors wishing to enjoy the dramatic wooded gorge, and offer food, drink and accommodation. Gilsland Spa has a sister hotel, The Esplanade, in Scarborough, Yorkshire.
The hotel has been a popular resort since the eighteenth century. Susanna Blamire, the Cumbrian Muse, came to take the waters in the later part of the century and Walter Scott came here in "the season" of 1797 looking for a wife, and found one. The opening of the railway station in 1836 galvanised the village and during the later part of the 19th century and the early 20th, Gilsland was thronged with tourists, many of whom were working-class people from Tyneside. Reviewers of the hotel repeatedly stressed the free and easy way in which the different classes mixed. One of the main attractions, though for reasons no-one is prepared to admit, has been the Popping Stone, an enigmatic stone some half a mile from the hotel in a secluded glade, linked to various courtship and fertility rituals. Next to the stone was the Kissing Bush, an ancient hawthorn which died in the 1940s. These relics and two mineral springs (sulphurous and chalybeate) are situated along the network of wide footpaths known as the Home Walks which provide access to the rugged scenery of the hotel grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="5858627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858627" title="Timecop (comics)">
Timecop (comics)

Timecop was a story in the anthology comic "Dark Horse Comics" and a two issue comic book adaptation of the eponymous film published along with the film's release in September 1994. The film and were both written by Mike Richardson, the founder and publisher of Dark Horse Comics. His company published the adaptations which were themselves written by Mark Verheiden, and drawn by Ron Randall. The film also spawned a "Timecop" TV series in 1997 and a video game in 1995.
Publication history.
"Time Cop": "A Man Out of Time" ran in "Dark Horse Comics" #1-3 (August–October 1992).
The two-part film adaptation was published in 1994.
Plot synopsis.
The original story involves the main character catching an illegal time traveler robbing a South African mine of a huge diamond in the 1930s. After his capture and return, however, Walker is soon made aware that the criminal's personal robotic bodyguard is still operational in the past and wreaking havoc on the time line. To restore order, Walker must return to the mine and stop the machine's malfunctioning rampage.
The movie tie-in story is about a "time enforcement" officer who attempts to bring a rogue politician to justice who is using time travel to fund his presidential campaign. During the course of the film the officer discovers that the politician is also responsible for the earlier death of his wife, and numerous other previously unconnected crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="5858638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858638" title="The CP80 Foundation">
The CP80 Foundation

The CP80 Foundation is a non-profit, 501(c)(4) organization in the United States that advocates regulating the Internet to make it easier for users to filter out pornography. The foundation suggests using education, Internet governance, and legislation to achieve its goals.
Its legislative efforts include the proposed Internet Community Ports Act (ICPA), which would organize the ports as defined by the TCP/IP protocol suite into "community ports" and "open ports", requiring that obscene material exclusively use the open ports. Among the ports they propose designating as a community port is port 80, the standard port for the hypertext transport protocol (HTTP), the transport mechanism used to support the World Wide Web. This is advocated in order to permit easier filtering of such material by firewalls, content-control software, and other devices or programs.
The Utah legislature has approved a resolution calling upon the United States Congress to pass the proposed legislation.
As part of a campaign to prevent minors from accessing pornography, the foundation also advocates legislation to fine Wifi router users who leave their routers open for anyone to use.
The American Library Association maintains a list of studies discrediting approaches such as those taken by CP80 at Filters and Filtering. 
The CP80 Foundation was established in 2005. Its chairman is Ralph Yarro III who is also chairman of the board of the SCO Group.

</doc>
<doc id="5858644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858644" title="Edwin O. LeGrand">
Edwin O. LeGrand

Although Edwin Oswald LeGrand (1801–1861) was born in North Carolina, he was an original Texan. LeGrand was one of the fifty-seven men who signed the Texas Declaration of Independence. He was a San Augustine delegate to the Convention of 1836 at Washington-on-the-Brazos and fought in the Battle of San Jacinto. His sister, Mrs. William Colson Norwood, and her family also settled in San Augustine, Texas. LeGrand is buried near San Augustine.

</doc>
<doc id="5858646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858646" title="Joey Tetarenko">
Joey Tetarenko

Joseph Tetarenko (born March 3, 1978 in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player.
Bio.
Tetarenko was drafted by the Florida Panthers 82nd overall in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. He made his National Hockey League debut for the Panthers during the 2000–01 NHL season and went on to play 69 games over three seasons before he was traded to the Ottawa Senators for Simon Lajeunesse. After appearing in only two games with Ottawa in 2003 he signed with the Carolina Hurricanes, spending much of his tenure with their American Hockey League affiliate the Lowell Lock Monsters. 
Tetarenko signed with the Minnesota Wild in 2004, but never played for the team, instead spending three seasons in the AHL with the Houston Aeros. 
Tetarenko is currently an assistant coach for the Dallas Oilers, in Dallas, TX.
Tetarenko retired after the 2006–07 season and now works as a fish monger in the Houston area.

</doc>
<doc id="5858648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858648" title="Response (liturgy)">
Response (liturgy)

A response is the second half of one of a set of preces, the said or sung answer by the or choir to a versicle said or sung by an officiant or cantor. In the following opening of the Anglican service of Evening Prayer according to the "Book of Common Prayer" (BCP), the first line is the versicle and the second is the response.
In some liturgical books (such as hymnals or breviaries) the symbol "R/" or "℟" is used to denote a response.
There are many choral settings of the responses for BCP Evensong. Notable ones include those by Thomas Tomkins, William Smith, Richard Ayleward, Bernard Rose, and Humphrey Clucas.

</doc>
<doc id="5858650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858650" title="National Maritime Museum of Ireland">
National Maritime Museum of Ireland

The National Maritime Museum of Ireland () opened in 1978 in the former Mariners' Church in Haigh Terrace, near the centre of Dún Laoghaire town, southeast of Dublin city.
The church was built in 1837 for seafarers and remained open until 1971. In 1974 the Church of Ireland and the Maritime Institute of Ireland signed an agreement that led to the museum's opening.
Popular exhibits include:
In July 2011 two stained-glass windows by artist Peadar Lamb were installed in the former church, sponsored by the Dún Laoghaire Harbour Company.
The Museum has been refurbished. In 2006 substantial funding was authorised by the Government for capital expenditure to cover the cost of the refurbishment, however this funding has since been cut off, and the Museum is now dependent upon door receipts, fund raising events and donations. It is operated by volunteers and a community employment scheme provided by the Department of Social Protection . It reopened Tuesday 5 June 2012 11:30 a.m. President Michael D. Higgins officially re-opened the museum. It operates from 11am to 5pm every day.

</doc>
<doc id="5858652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858652" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Northamptonshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Northamptonshire

The following is a list of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Northamptonshire. As of 2014, there are 57 sites designated within this area of search, 48 for their biological interest and 9 for their geological interest. The data in this table is taken from Natural England's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search. 

</doc>
<doc id="5858659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858659" title="Tobelo language">
Tobelo language

Tobelo (Indonesian: Bahasa Tobelo) is a West Papuan language spoken on the eastern Indonesian island of Halmahera and on parts of several neighboring islands. The Tobelo-speaking heartland is in the district (Indonesian "kecematan") of Tobelo, located on the western shore of Kao Bay. The district capital, also known as Tobelo, serves as a regional commercial and administrative center and is the largest settlement on Halmahera.
Dialects.
Six principal dialects are generally recognized (Voorhoeve 1988):
The Tugutil or "Forest Tobelo" may constitute an additional dialectal variant, but this has not been satisfactorily documented. Intelligibility is not great.
In addition, based on cognition percentages in a basic vocabulary list, Voorhoeve 1988 identifies five other North Halmaheran language varieties as dialects of the putative Northeast Halmaheran language. Together with Tobelo, these varieties are Galela, Loloda, Modole, Pagu and Tabaru. Most speakers consider these to be distinct languages from Tobelo, although they do acknowledge a certain degree of mutual intelligibility.
Directionals.
Most all of the 50 languages of Maluku have some sort of directional system. At the least the up/down distinction seems to be an areal feature. But this brings up the chicken and the egg phenomenon. 
Is this directional system of AN or NAN origin? Or is it a mixture? 
Perhaps it is not a coincidence that the Tobelo are the most widespread ethnic group in Maluku, with sizable emigrant population throughout the province. We can a least be sure that the Malay directionals are the "egg", 
because Malay as spoken in Western Indonesia does not use these directionals whereas Moluccan Malay uses direct calques of the Tobelo terms:
"bawah", "atas", "darat", "laut".
Tobelo directionals are described in Taylor (1984). 
Tobelo directional adverbs occur:
Thus, interpretation of directional adverbs is entirely context-dependent. For example
If I meet you landwards of the house, this means that I'm headed inland from my house. 
If I meet you seawards of the house, then it means I'm headed inland to the house.

</doc>
<doc id="5858663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858663" title="Channel strip">
Channel strip

A channel strip is a device that allows the output of an audio device to be amplified to a line level and integrated into some other system. An audio channel strip may be a stand alone unit or one of many units built into a mixing desk. It usually includes a microphone preamp with a switchable phantom power voltage to power condenser microphones and some form of audio equalization. Some designs also offer other facilities including audio compression, de-essing, noise-gating and limiting.
Manufacturers of stand-alone channel strips include:
and others . . .
Function

</doc>
<doc id="5858667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858667" title="Edward H. Deets">
Edward H. Deets

Edward H. "Ned" Deets III is a Rear Admiral (upper half) in the United States Navy. A cryptology and information warfare specialist, .
Early years.
A native of Charlottesville, Virginia, he was born on April 25, 1957. He attended Albemarle High School and graduated from Duke University.
Navy career.
Rear Admiral Deets is a native of Charlottesville, VA. He graduated from Duke University in 1979 where he was commissioned an Ensign via the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps.
Rear Admiral Deets began his Information Warfare Officer career at the Naval Security Group Activity Kunia, HI. There he served as a Direct Support Officer aboard a variety of ships in the Western Pacific, Indian Ocean, North Arabian Sea, and the Mediterranean. His next tour was at the Naval Security Group Activity Pyongtaek, Republic of Korea, as the Executive Officer. From there, he was assigned to the staff of Commander in Chief, United States Atlantic Fleet.
In 1991, he reported to Commander, Carrier Group 2 aboard USS John F. Kennedy (CV 67) as the Staff Cryptologist. He deployed to the Mediterranean Sea and also participated in several counternarcotics operations on various ships. In 1993, he became the Cryptologic Junior Officer Detailer at the Bureau of Naval Personnel in Washington, D.C. Next, he spent two years on the staff of the U.S. Sixth Fleet in Gaeta, Italy, as the Command and Control Warfare Officer. He also attended the National War College at Fort McNair, Washington, D.C., where he graduated with honors in 1998. He served a follow-on joint assignment as the Executive Assistant to the National Security Agency Chief of Staff.
Rear Admiral Deets’ personal awards include the Legion of Merit, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal with gold star, the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal with two gold stars, the Army Commendation Medal, and the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal. He holds a Master of Science Degree in National Security Strategy with a concentration in Information Strategies.
Current responsibility.
Deets is currently the Commander of the Naval Network Warfare Command based in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Deets is the senior leader of the Information Warfare and Cryptologic Technician (1610) communities in the Navy.
Additional education.
Deets attended the National Defense University where he graduated with honors in 1998.
Awards and honors.
Deets has been awarded the Legion of Merit, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal and numerous other personal and unit commendations.
Personal life.
He is married, with two teenaged sons.

</doc>
<doc id="5858690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858690" title="Aintree Racecourse railway station">
Aintree Racecourse railway station

Aintree Racecourse railway station was a station located on the North Mersey Branch. It originally opened as Aintree Cinder Lane around 1890 as the only station on the line at the time, only opening for race days at Aintree Racecourse.
History.
Opened by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was closed by the British Transport Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="5858699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858699" title="Allan Higdon">
Allan Higdon

Allan L. Higdon served as acting mayor of Ottawa, Canada from July 2000 to 2001.
Born in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, he immigrated to Canada in 1957. He received a BA from Queen's University in English and History and received a B.Ed from the University of Toronto. 
He then worked with the Canadian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. He would later move to Ottawa after living in Toronto and southeast Asia, where he would teach high school. He then worked on Parliament Hill and then became a self-employed consultant specializing in social and demographic research and communications. From 1988 to 1994 he was employed as a senior analyst for the Department of Communications.
In the Ottawa municipal election, 1994 he was elected to the Ottawa City Council representing the Alta Vista-Canterbury Ward. He was re-elected in the Ottawa municipal election, 1997 by acclamation and was appointed as Deputy Mayor of Ottawa. 
After mayor Jim Watson's resignation in 2000, Higdon became acting mayor of Ottawa. Higdon lost his seat in city council to Regional councillor Peter Hume in the Ottawa municipal election, 2000 when the city amalgamated with the regional government. 
As councillor, Higdon was a conservative.

</doc>
<doc id="5858704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858704" title="Zsolt Erdei">
Zsolt Erdei

Zsolt Erdei (born May 31, 1974 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian boxer in the light-heavyweight division. He is the former undefeated "Lineal" & WBO light-heavyweight champion, and WBC cruiserweight champion. Erdei is also the first Hungarian to win a world title in two weight divisions.
Erdei boxed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal in the middleweight division.
Professional.
Erdei turned professional in December 2000 and won the WBO Inter-Continental light-heavyweight title in October 2002. On January 17, 2004, Erdei won the "Lineal"/WBO light-heavyweight titles from Julio César González by unanimous decision, and successfully defended the titles eleven times. 
On November 13, 2009, he relinquished his WBO light-heavyweight title and moved up to cruiserweight. Erdei defeated Giacobbe Fragomeni on November 21, 2009, for the WBC cruiserweight title. Most of Erdei's matches during his professional career were promoted by Universum boxing.
After announcing his retirement in January 2010 and thus relinquishing his claim as Lineal light-heavyweight champion, Erdei decided to have more matches in 2011 in the USA and fought Samson Onyango and Byron Mitchell as his first opponents there. The Mitchell fight which was set up by Lou DiBella ended with Erdei knocking Mitchell out in the 6th round (TKO).
Erdei finally returned on March 30, 2013 and lost a controversial 10 round split decision to Denis Grachev.

</doc>
<doc id="5858711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858711" title="Shalu Monastery">
Shalu Monastery

Shalu Monastery or Ṣalu Monastery (which should have the initial S with a grave accent)(; ) is small monastery 22 km south of Shigatse in Tibet. Founded in 1040 by Chetsun Sherab Jungnay, for centuries it was renowned as a centre of scholarly learning and psychic training and its mural paintings were considered to be the most ancient and beautiful in Tibet. Shalu was the first of the major monasteries to be built by noble families of the Tsang Dynasty during Tibet's great revival of Buddhism, and was an important center of the Sakya tradition.
History.
In 1329 a devastating earthquake demolished the temple of Shalu but was later rebuilt in 1333 by local lords under the command of the Mongol Emperor of China. The new architectural framework of the monastery was dominated by Mongolian styles with massive inward-sloping walls around a main courtyard and strong woodwork and glazed roof tiles from Qinghai. At the time of the new establishment in the 1330s, Shalu Temple was under the command of the 11th Abbot Buton Rinchen Drub, who lived 1290–1364. Buton was not merely a capable administrator but he is still remembered to this very day as a prodigious scholar and writer and is Tibet's most celebrated historian. Buton catalogued all of the Buddhist scriptures at Shalu, some 4,569 religious and philosophical works and formatted them in a logical, coherent order. He also wrote there the famous "History of Buddhism in India and Tibet" which many Tibetan scholars use in their study today. 
Buton's activity inevitably attracted a great deal of attention to the monastery and brought in other Buddhist intellectuals around Tibet and India to study in the grounds amounting to some 3000 by 1360. After his death the monastery became an important centre of esoteric studies and Buddhist learning for centuries. Shalu Temple became known throughout the far east for its dedication to the study of Buddhist philosophy and practice.
However, by the 19th century, the monastery had become less influential and Tibetan scholars chose to study at the Samye monastery which had grown to be one of the most politically powerful in the Tibetan lands by this time. The monastery fell into ruin and little of the original 1330 structure remains, although the outer wall and the main building with damaged roofs still stands, and a number of 14th-century murals on the outer walls of the temple still follow an iconographic scheme developed by the great Buton himself. One of the murals is an allegory in which an elephant representing a human soul evolves through many steps and earthly trials to Nirvana becoming progressively white and purer in the cleansing process. Precise rules are still embedded into the walls on what the monks should wear, place their robes and how to behave in the central courtyard Deyangshar. Remnants of former mandala murals are concealed by over 100 Thanka most of which were embroidered in Hangzou in eastern China in the 1920s. Only two chapels of the Shalu temple are open to tourists although funds were allocated in 1995 for roof repair and the eventual restoration of the fine 14th-century structure by 2005.
Inside Shalu Monastery.
Shalu Lakhang temple is in the centre of the monastery. On the ground floor, in the Tshomchen, Sakyamuni and his disciples are enshrined. The chapels flanking it house the Tanjur and the Kanjur books respectively. Chapels on the roof floor are typical Chinese blue tiled structures, housing Sakyamuni, Buton, and Arhats Buddhas. Massive delicate and old murals cover the walls of the monastery, mostly depicting stories from the life of the Buddha. Restoration and preservation are badly needed to protect those arts.
Inside Treasures.
Shalu has four treasures which are of notable value. One is a sutra board, which is 700 years old and cannot be reassembled once broken apart, a piece of sutra printed against the board is regarded as good luck. Another is a brass urn, which is usually covered with a piece of red cloth and sealed; the holy water may clean 108 filths and is changed every 12 years. Another is a stone basin, which was the washbasin of the builder Chetsun Sherab Jungnay dating back to 1040; and another is a stone tablet, which was uncovered in the first construction of Shalu. The tablet displays a mantra which reads "om mani Padme Hum" and has four dagoba carved into it.
Repair and reconstruction.
Repair and reconstruction of Shalu Monastery began on May 13, 2009, according to the Chinese government Xinhua online news. "The project, one of Tibet's biggest heritage renovation projects under the 11th Five Year Plan (2006–2010), involves reinforcement of its buildings, maintenance of sewage treatment facilities and improvement of fire and flood control systems", a prefectural government official said. It is planned to spend more than 16 million RMB yuan on the project.

</doc>
<doc id="5858725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858725" title="Columbia Museum of Art">
Columbia Museum of Art

The Columbia Museum of Art is an art museum in the American city of Columbia, South Carolina.
History.
The building that housed the new museum had originally been erected as the private residence of the city's prominent Taylor family. Situated at the edge of downtown Columbia, adjacent to the campus of the University of South Carolina and three blocks from the South Carolina State House, the stately Taylor House, repurposed through the addition of gallery wings and a round planetarium, was home to the Columbia Museum for almost half a century.
The art collection that first went on view in 1950 was certainly modest in scope consisting of the gifts and bequests of local collectors. It included only ten Old Master paintings, the most significant having been executed by Joshua Reynolds, Scipione Pulzone, Juan de Pareja and Artus Wolffort.
This situation changed drastically in 1954 when the Columbia Museum was included among the 95 institutions nationwide selected to receive donations of Renaissance and Baroque art from the Samuel H. Kress Foundation. Designated a regional center by the Kress Foundation, the Columbia Museum of Art and Science received, over the next two decades, a total of 78 examples of fine and decorative art from the Renaissance and Baroque periods. The Samuel H. Kress Foundation provided the essential nucleus of quality and historical breadth upon which the Museum could further build. 
New building and the collection.
With opening of the South Carolina State Museum in 1988, the Columbia Museum of Art and Science was free to eliminate its science component and devote its entire interest and resources to its primary mission as an art museum. Despite the additional gallery space made available by the removal of the science displays and the planetarium, it was clear, by the last decade of the century, that the Columbia Museum of Art had outgrown the old Taylor House complex and the 7,000 square feet of exhibition space it afforded. 
The site eventually chosen or a new museum building lay in the heart of the city at the intersection of Main and Hampton Streets. This location was occupied by two adjacent department stores that now stood deserted. One of buildings was partially demolished to allow for the creation of a public space and sculpture garden called "Boyd Plaza" in front of the new art museum. The structural skeleton of the other department store provided the basic framework around which a completely modern museum building could be constructed. Designed by architects Bobby Lyles and Ashby Gressette of the Columbia-based firm of Stevens & Wilkinson, the reborn Columbia Museum of Art opened its doors to the public in 1998. The new museum provides 22,000 square feet of gallery space with an additional 30,000 awaiting future utilization.
The exterior of the new Columbia Museum of Art building, although contemporary in style, preserves visual memories (through the use of brick veneer and prominent entrance portico) of the institution's Taylor House past. The spacious brick-paved Boyd Plaza offers the visitor a comfortable place to relax and to view outdoor sculpture by such artists as Henry Moore and Robert Carroll, whose fountain sculpture "Apollo Cascade" is a recent addition.
The glass entry doors of the museum open into an light-filled atrium which rises the full two-story height of the building. The unique roof design, based upon an inverted truss, allows and abundance natural light. Since 2010, the entry atrium has been dominated by a great chandelier composed of bundled strands of vibrantly colored red, orange, and gold glass commissioned for this space from glass artist Dale Chihuly. Adjacent to atrium is the museum's 164-seat auditorium and on its far side is the entrance to the first-floor galleries. Four of these galleries accommodate changing exhibitions and two more are devoted to the display of selections of modern and contemporary art from the permanent collection.
The museum's second level contains 14 galleries devoted to a visual chronicle of history of European and American art from antiquity to the modern era. A small but significant collection of art and artifacts from the ancient Mediterranean world is presented in the first gallery. Included in antiquities presented here are examples of early-Greek ceramics from the R.V.D. Magoffin Collection, a large black-figured Greek lekythos acquired in 1973, the Robert L. Hanlin Collection of 4th-century BC Greek vases from South Italy, Roman glass from the George C. Brauer Collection and an exceptional collection of 12 Greco-Roman marble sculptures donated by Robert Y. Turner in 2002. These marbles include a headless standing statue of Hygeia and 11 Roman portrait heads.
It is in the next series of exhibition galleries that those works for which the museum is best known Old Master European paintings and sculptures from the Renaissance and Baroque periods, including art from Samuel H. Kress Foundation are presented. At the Taylor House, the Kress collection was separated from the rest of the museum's collection; in the new building Kress works are integrated into whole allowing for chronological continuity and a more smoothly flowing progression through the history of western art. Artists represented include:
The sequence of the European tradition has interrupted recently by the introduction of gallery space in which to display Chinese works of art donated in 2003 and 2007 by Dr. Robert Y. Turner. His donation provides a survey of Chinese art from ca. 2000 BC to 1400 AD (Xiajiadian Culture to Yuan Dynasty) as tomb sculptures from the T'ang Dynasty. European and American paintings, sculpture, furniture and decorative arts from the 18th to the 20th century occupy the remaining galleries on this level. This portion of the museum's collection includes paintings by:
Furniture displayed in these galleries include pieces by Duncan Phyfe, Gustav Stickley and Louis Majorelle; silver by the Hayden brothers of Charleston; stained glass from Daniel Cottier and the Tiffany Studios; and ceramics from Newcomb College. Special collections housed at the museum include drawings from the Dorothy and Herbert Vogel Collection and Bunzlauer pottery from eastern Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="5858728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858728" title="Kirby Law">
Kirby Law

Kirby Law (born March 11, 1977 in McCreary, Manitoba) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger who is currently a free agent. He most recently played for HC Ambri-Piotta of the National League A (NLA). He previously played nine games over parts of three seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers.
Playing career.
Law was undrafted in the NHL. In the 2005-06 AHL season, his final in that league, Law led the league in scoring with 110 points for the Houston Aeros. Law left the AHL and in his fourth year abroad played in Swiss Hockey League with HC Ambri-Piotta. Law played for Team Canada at the 2007 Spengler Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5858736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858736" title="Hans Gmoser">
Hans Gmoser

Johann Wolfgang "Hans" Gmoser, CM (July 7, 1932 - July 5, 2006) is a founder of modern mountaineering in Canada. Born in Austria in 1932, he came to Canada in 1951, and since then has been a major driving force behind the growing popularity of climbing, skiing and guiding.
In the 1950s he pioneered new rock climbs, most notably Grillmair Chimneys (1952), Calgary Route (1953) - with Franz Dopf leading, and Diretissima (1957) on Yamnuska. He made the third (and first Canadian) ascents of both Mount Alberta (1958) and Brussels Peak (1960). He participated in what may have been the first ascent of Alaska's Mount Blackburn in 1958, and led very successful expeditions to Mount Logan (east ridge) in 1959, and to Mount McKinley (Wickersham Wall) in 1963. In 1961 he climbed a difficult new route on the south face of Mount Louis. He was described as, "a good leader. He always had plans and he did his darndest to make his dreams come true."
Gmoser was a very capable and ambitious mountain guide. For years he travelled throughout North America, presenting his films and devoting vast amounts of energy toward promoting the Canadian mountain experience. In 1963 he was a founding member of the Association of Canadian Mountain Guides (ACMG) and was its first technical chairman. In 1957 he founded Rocky Mountain Guides which eventually grew to become Canadian Mountain Holidays, the largest mountain adventure operation in the country. CMH is where Gmoser made his mark in heliskiing.
Gmoser was elected an honorary member of The Alpine Club of Canada (1986), was awarded the Order of Canada (1987), received the Banff Mountain Film Festival Summit of Excellence award (1989), was elected to the Honour Roll of Canadian Skiing (1989), was named an honorary member of the International Federation of Mountain Guides Association (1992), and in 1997 was elected Honorary President of the ACMG.

</doc>
<doc id="5858758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858758" title="Cyathea × dryopteroides">
Cyathea × dryopteroides

Cyathea × dryopteroides is a tree fern native to Puerto Rico, where it grows at an altitude of 1000–1200 m. It is now known to be of hybrid origin between "Cyathea amintae" and "Cyathea bryophila".

</doc>
<doc id="5858760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858760" title="Schecter Damien 6">
Schecter Damien 6

The Schecter Damien 6 is an electric guitar manufactured by Schecter Guitar Research. 
Based on Schecter's "C-1" model, the body of the Damien 6 has an entirely flat satin black body of basswood. The neck and fingerboard are made of maple and rosewood. The model has two EMG humbucking pickups, the first Schecter guitar to use this type of pickup. Schecter is also one of the only companies to mass produce left handed versions of their more specialised models, making them an ideal choice for heavy metal guitarists struggling to find affordable instruments elsewhere. 
Its suggested retail price is $549, and it comes in both right- and left-handed models.

</doc>
<doc id="5858765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858765" title="National Student Survey">
National Student Survey

The National Student Survey is a survey, launched in 2005, of all final year degree students at institutions in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. The survey is designed to assess students' opinions of the quality of their degree programmes, with seven different scores published including an "overall satisfaction" mark.
NSS is conducted by Ipsos MORI on behalf of the Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE). The project is directed by Sami Benyahia, Research Director at Ipsos MORI.
Methodology.
Coverage.
When launched in 2005, the NSS covered all final year degree students in publicly funded universities (higher education institutes) in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. All universities were obliged to provide contact details for eligible students, though participation is voluntary for the students themselves. 
Universities in Scotland are not obliged to take part, but a number do so voluntarily - 12 doing so in 2010.
Since 2008, Further Education Colleges (FECs) with directly funded higher education students in England have been eligible to participate.
Contacting students.
Contact details for students are supplied by the education institutions to the survey research organisation Ipsos MORI. The survey organisation attempts to contact students in January and February, initially by email, to invite them to participate in the online survey. Students have the opportunity to opt out of the survey. To reduce non-response bias, those who neither respond nor opt out are contacted by post or by telephone.
The questionnaire.
The questionnaire has a core set of 22 attitude questions to assess the following aspects of the student learning experience:
These are supplemented by open ended questions to capture any particular positive or negative aspects that the student wishes to highlight. 
Students studying certain NHS subjects are asked six questions on their work placements.
Participating institutions have the opportunity to add extra questions for their own students. Answers to these are not available publicly, only to the institution and its students union. Questions can be chosen from a bank of questions on the following topics:
Results.
Aggregate results and cross-institution results and analyses of the NSS are published on the HEFCE website. Detailed results suitable for prospective students are published on the Unistats website, alongside results of the Destination of Leavers from Higher Education survey. 
Results from the survey form the student-centred dimension of Teaching Quality Information (TQI). As such, they are often incorporated into League tables of British universities alongside other measures such as entry standards, student:staff ratio, dropout rate etc.
Top institutions for student satisfaction have been:
Further Education Colleges became eligible for the survey in 2008.
Criticism and support.
According to the National Union of Students, the results have made institutions and colleges take student feedback more seriously, encouraging them to make changes to the areas such as gaining good quality feedback on work, better access to personal tutors, improved assessment practices and increased investment in resources, equipment and teaching spaces. 
The survey was opposed in its early years by the student unions at Oxford, Cambridge and Warwick. As those universities failed to achieve the necessary 50% response rate threshold, they were excluded from early survey results. 
The most publicised boycott was that of the Cambridge University Students' Union (CUSU), who 
described it as a “waste of government money”, and “irrelevant to the Cambridge experience” and staged a burning of T shirts and posters. CUSU also objected to the repeated attempts made by Ipsos MORI to contact students.
A number of bodies, including the Commons Education & Skills Select Committee and the National Union of Students responded to boycotts by accusing those students' unions of "elitism" and of encouraging exclusivity. 
The University of Warwick Students' Union has now given its support to the survey, as has Oxford University Students' Union, saying that OUSU "believes the National Student Survey is useful for highlighting broad issues of potential concern in the University" and is "a valuable tool when it comes to campaigning on student issues." This has left CUSU as the only student union actively opposing the survey. 
Since 2008, all HEIs, including Cambridge, Oxford and Warwick, have achieved more than 50% response rate so are included in national results.
Lee Harvey, former director of research and evaluation of the Higher Education Academy (HEA), criticised the NSS in letters published in Times Higher Education, calling it a "hopelessly inadequate improvement tool." Apparently because of the March 2008 letter, he was suspended from his post at the HEA, and subsequently resigned.
There have been allegations of some universities (such as Kingston University) advising students to artificially inflate the scores they give in the survey in the interest of improving the university's status in rankings derived from it. One lecturer told his students to give Kingston good scores because "if Kingston comes bottom ... no one is going to want to employ you because they'll think your degree is shit". Following an investigation of the allegations, the Higher Education Funding Council of England (HEFCE) ordered that Kingston University's Department of Psychology be removed from the 2008-09 League Tables.

</doc>
<doc id="5858768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858768" title="Craig Dirgo">
Craig Dirgo

Craig Dirgo is an American author of techno thrillers and adventure novels, as well as non-fiction. He started off co-authoring with Clive Cussler on his non-fiction work. He soon moved to his own novels starring his character, John Taft, an agent of a fictitious US spy agency, the National Intelligence Agency. He co-authored with Cussler the first two "Oregon Files" novels.
After running projects at Cussler's National Underwater and Marine Agency group since 1987, he became a trustee of the organization.
Early life.
Dirgo was born to an Air Force Colonel, and spent much of his youth around American and British airfields. Having become interested in a collection of cars owned by Cussler, he eventually went to work for NUMA. From 1987 he was Special Projects director on several expeditions, and remains a trustee.

</doc>
<doc id="5858771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858771" title="Austin Film Critics Association Awards 2005">
Austin Film Critics Association Awards 2005

1st AFCA Awards<br>
Best Film: <br>
The 1st Austin Film Critics Association Awards honored the best in filmmaking for 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5858786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858786" title="Edell Shepherd">
Edell Shepherd

Edell Eugene Shepherd (born May 18, 1980) is a retired American football wide receiver. He was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2002. He played college football at San José State.
Shepherd has also been a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Houston Texans and Detroit Lions.
Early years.
Growing up in the South Central region of his birthplace Los Angeles, California, Shepherd attended Susan Miller Dorsey High School in Los Angeles, California, and was a letterman in football, track and field, and tennis. In football, as a senior, he made 39 receptions for 635 yards (16.28 yards per reception avg.) and five touchdowns. Edell Shepherd graduated from Dorsey High School in 1999.
College career.
Shepherd attended West Los Angeles College for two years. As a sophomore, he won JC All-American honors. At San Jose State, in his junior year (2000), Shepherd made 42 catches for 707 yards and 4 touchdowns. In his senior season (2001), Shepherd set records for single-game receiving yardage, single-season touchdowns (17), and most touchdown receptions in a game. He had more receptions than four Biletnikoff Award candidates. He was a second-team All-Western Athletic Conference selection in 2001.
Professional career.
Chicago Bears (2002).
Shepherd signed with Chicago on April 23, 2002 as an undrafted free agent following the 2002 NFL Draft and spent all but the first two weeks of October 2002 in the practice squad.
Scottish Claymores (2003).
In the spring of 2003, the Chicago Bears assigned Shepherd to the NFL Europe team Scottish Claymores.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers (2003–2005).
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers signed Shepherd on September 2, 2003, three days after the Bears cut Shepherd. Making his NFL debut on December 7, Shepherd played two games for the Buccaneers in 2003. An offensive pass interference penalty on fellow wide receiver Charles Lee voided what would have been a 28-yard reception by Shepherd. On December 28, in the season finale, Shepherd made 4 receptions for 38 yards.
After spending 2004 on the disabled list, Shepherd played in all regular season games in 2005. That season, Shepherd made 6 receptions for 103 yards and a touchdown.
In the Buccaneers' 17-10 loss on January 7, 2006 to the Washington Redskins in the of the 2005 postseason, Shepherd dropped a 35-yard pass with fewer than 3 minutes left in the game on 3rd down and 10. Video replay showed that Shepherd lost control of the ball before he landed on the ground; otherwise his catch and following extra point would have tied the game.
Houston Texans (2006).
Signing with the Houston Texans on September 3, 2006, Shepherd played seven games for Houston in 2006 and made 3 receptions for 22 yards.
Detroit Lions and Denver Broncos (2007–2008).
He spent 2007 out of the league after being released by Detroit.
On July 26, 2008, Shepherd was placed on season-ending injured reserve with a torn ACL.

</doc>
<doc id="5858791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858791" title="Jekyll &amp; Hyde en Español">
Jekyll &amp; Hyde en Español

Jekyll & Hyde en Español is the Spanish version of the album of the same name released by legendary Christian rock band Petra. It was released in 2004 by Inpop Records.
The songs were translated by Alejandro Allen, who had worked translating Petra songs before when he worked in a Mexican production titled "Colección Coral Petra II".

</doc>
<doc id="5858792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858792" title="Lynda (album)">
Lynda (album)

Lynda was the first full-length album of the Mexican singer Lynda Thomas, released in early 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5858798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858798" title="Gurdwara Sahib of Fremont">
Gurdwara Sahib of Fremont

The Gurdwara Sahib of Fremont (also commonly referred to as the Fremont Gurdwara or the Sikh Temple of Fremont) is a center of Sikh worship. Although it is located in Fremont, a city in southern Alameda County, it serves the greater San Francisco Bay Area consisting of the counties of Alameda, Santa Clara, San Mateo, San Francisco, Contra Costa, Marin and Solano. Officially, the gurdwara's Supreme Council extends registered membership to all those who live in the Bay Area, as well as locations in the Central Valley such as San Joaquin and Stanislaus Counties. The gurdwara is also one of the most influential in the entire world, garnering an income of over a million dollars every single year. SAT classes for High School Kids and Gurmat Camp is held in the Summer. Anti Sikh forces have tried couple of times to control this Gurdwara Sahib but they failed. 

</doc>
<doc id="5858801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858801" title="Louisiana Supreme Court">
Louisiana Supreme Court

The Supreme Court of Louisiana is the highest court and court of last resort in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The modern Supreme Court, composed of seven justices, meets in the French Quarter of New Orleans.
The Supreme Court, and Louisiana state law, are historically based in the colonial governments of France and Spain during the early 18th century. The current Supreme Court traces its roots back to these beginnings.
French and Spanish colonial government.
Under the colonial governments of France and Spain, the courts of Louisiana existed in several different forms. In 1712, a charter granted by France created a Superior Council with executive and judicial function which functioned as a court of last resort in both civil and criminal cases. In 1769, Spain gained control over the Louisiana territory, and the Superior Council was replaced with the Cabildo. The Governor of the territory held the power of having final authority in cases.
American colonial government.
In 1803, Louisiana became a territory of the United States. In 1804, Congress created a three judge Superior Court for the territory and gave the Legislative Council the power to create other courts. In 1807, the newly elected Legislative Council created courts in each of the territory's nineteen parishes. These courts were courts of general jurisdiction with an appeal lying to the Superior Court.
The Court under the state government of Louisiana.
Constitution of 1812.
In the first Constitution for the state of Louisiana, one Supreme Court was created and the Legislature was given the power to create inferior courts. The number of judges was fixed to be not less than three and not more than five who were to be appointed by the Governor. The Court was required to sit in New Orleans and Opelousas.
Constitution of 1845.
The 1845 Constitution created a Supreme Court composed of one Chief Justice and three Associate Justices appointed by the Governor to eight year terms. The Court sat in New Orleans.
Constitution of 1852.
The 1852 Constitution increased the number of Justices on the Court to five, and all became elected by the people. The Chief Justice was elected at-large by the entire state and the Associate Justices were elected from four districts throughout the state. The Justices served ten year terms.
Constitution of 1864.
In 1864, the Justices again became appointed, and their term length was decreased to eight years.
Constitution of 1868.
The 1868 Constitution did not change the makeup or terms of the Supreme Court, however, it did change and expand its jurisdiction in civil cases to include nearly all types of cases.
Constitution of 1879.
The post-Reconstruction Constitution of 1879 substantially modified the organization of the Louisiana judiciary. The Constitution created the Supreme Court, Courts of Appeal, District Courts and Justices of the Peace. The Supreme Court retained five justices, but they were now appointed by the Governor and served twelve year terms. For the first time, the Supreme Court was given supervisory power over the inferior courts.
It also gave more limitations to the opportunity to vote by people of color.
Constitution of 1898.
In 1898, the Supreme Court's jurisdiction was further expanded. The Court was given original jurisdiction over the bar. New Orleans was fixed as the seat of the Supreme Court. The Chief Justice was determined by the senior justice in point of service.
Constitution of 1913.
The Constitution of 1913 affected the Court by requiring that the members of the judiciary be elected instead of appointed.
Constitution of 1921.
In 1921, the Court gained two seats, increasing the number of justices to seven. Due to having a large backlog in its docket, the Court was authorized to sit in panels of three. The Supreme Court was also given the power to remove lower court judges from office.
Constitution of 1974.
The current Louisiana Constitution of 1974, as amended in 1980, provides for a Supreme Court composed of a Justice elected from each of seven Supreme Court Districts, serving a term of 10 years. The Chief Justice is not elected separately from the other justices (as is the case in other states, such as with the Texas Supreme Court); under Article V, Section 6, the "judge oldest in point of service on the supreme court" (i.e., the justice with the longest tenure on the Court) serves as the Chief Justice.
Jurisdiction and appeals.
The Court has original jurisdiction over matters arising from disciplinary matters involving the bench and bar pursuant to La. Constitution Article V, section 5 (B). The Court has exclusive appellate jurisdiction over any case where a law or ordinance of this state has been declared unconstitutional or when a defendant has been convicted of a capital crime and the death penalty has actually been imposed pursuant to La. Constitution Article V, section 5 (D). The Court has general supervisory and rule making authority over all the lower state courts pursuant to La. Constitution Article V, section 5 (A).
Death penalty appeals are taken as a matter of right. All other review of lower courts in the state is obtained by the writ of certiorari process as provided for by Article V, Section 5 (A) of the Louisiana Constitution of 1974, and Rule X of the Supreme Court Rules.
On certain questions involving the persons who serve as judges at any level under the constitution of the State of Louisiana, the Louisiana Supreme Court may entertain recommendations from the Judiciary Commission of Louisiana, a nine-member advisory body.
Current composition.
Greg G. Guidry, Associate Justice, First Supreme Court District.
Justice Guidry was elected to the Louisiana Supreme Court as an Associate Justice for the First Supreme District on November 4, 2008 with 160,893 votes (60%) while his opponent Judge Jimmy Kuhn received 108,541 votes with all precincts reporting. Justice Guidry began service in January, 2009. He was formerly a judge on the Louisiana Fifth Circuit Court of Appeal, where he was elected in August, 2006. Additionally, he served as a District Court Judge on the Twenty-Fourth Judicial District Court for the Parish of Jefferson for 6 years. He is a 1985 graduate of the Louisiana State University Law Center where he was inducted into the Order of Coif and selected for the Louisiana Law Review on the basis of grades. He was also awarded a Rotary Foundation Scholarship for International Understanding. During the scholarship year, Judge Guidry studied classical civilizations and Roman law at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, Republic of South Africa.
Jeffrey P. Victory, Associate Justice, Second Supreme Court District.
Justice Victory, a Republican, is from Shreveport and represents the Second Supreme Court District. He earned his Juris Doctor from Tulane University in 1971. He served as a District Judge for the First Judicial District Court of Caddo Parish from 1980 to 1990. In 1991, he served as an Appellate Judge on the Louisiana Court of Appeal, Second Circuit. On January 1, 1995, he took his seat as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. He is retiring effective December 31, 2014.
Jeannette Theriot Knoll, Associate Justice, Third Supreme Court District.
Justice Jeanette Theriot Knoll is a native of Baton Rouge who has long resided in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana and represents the Third Supreme Court District of Louisiana. Justice Knoll earned her Juris Doctor from Loyola University in 1969. In 1982, she was elected as an Appellate Judge of the Louisiana Court of Appeal, Third Circuit. On January 1, 1997, Justice Knoll took her seat as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
Marcus R. Clark, Associate Justice, Fourth Supreme Court District.
Upon the retirement of Republican Justice Chet D. Traylor of Winnsboro in Franklin Parish, representing the Fourth Louisiana Supreme Court District, voters in a special election on October 17, 2009, chose another Republican, a state district court judge from Monroe, Marcus R. Clark (born 1956), to fill the position. Clark defeated fellow Republican Jimmy R. Faircloth of Alexandria, who carried the support of Governor Bobby Jindal. Faircloth had been a legal advisor to Jindal.
Jefferson D. Hughes, III, Associate Justice, Fifth Supreme Court District.
Justice Hughes, a Republican, represents the Fifth Supreme Court District of Louisiana. With the retirement of Chief Justice Catherine D. Kimball Catherine D. Kimball in January 2013 and the retirement of former Chief Justice Pascal F. Calogero, Jr. at the end of 2008, Justice Hughes was appointed Pro Tempore to fill in until an election could be held. Justice Hughes won the election to the Louisiana Fifth Supreme Court District on Dec. 8, 2012, over the Democrat John Michael Guidry, an African American, who had led in the first round of balloting on November 6. Hughes was a judge on the 21st Judicial District Court from 1990 to 2005, and later a judge on the First Circuit Court of Appeals from 2005 to 2012. He earned his Juris Doctor from Louisiana State University Law School.
John L. Weimer, Associate Justice, Sixth Supreme Court District.
Justice Weimer is from Lafourche Parish, Louisiana and represents the Sixth Supreme Court District of Louisiana. Justice Weimer earned his Juris Doctor from Louisiana State University in 1980. In 1995, he was elected District Judge for the 17th Judicial District Court. In 1998 he was elected as an Appellate Judge for the Louisiana Court of Appeal, First Circuit. He served in that capacity until he took his seat as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court in 2001.
Bernette Joshua Johnson, Chief Justice, Seventh Supreme Court District.
Justice Johnson is from New Orleans, Louisiana and represents the Seventh Supreme Court District of Louisiana. Justice Johnson earned her Juris Doctor from Louisiana State University in 1969. In 1984 she was elected District Judge for the Civil District Court for Orleans Parish. In 1994, she was elected Chief Judge of that Court. Justice Johnson began serving on the Supreme Court in 1994. She was not elected. Instead, she was appointed to the post after the federal government sued the state to insure that at least one seat on the Supreme Court went to a minority. The state expanded the court from six to seven seats and appointed Johnson at that time. She is the first African-American woman to serve on the Louisiana Supreme Court, and the first to become Chief Justice.
Seniority of justices.
The seniority of the justices on the Louisiana Supreme Court was disputed in the summer of 2012 after Chief Justice Kimball announced her retirement. The Louisiana Constitution, Art. 5, § 6, provides that "The judge oldest in point of service on the supreme court shall be chief justice." When Justice Bernette Johnson, an African-American, was elected in 1994, she technically filled a seat on a state appeals court but was assigned to serve on the Supreme Court on a full-time basis under the terms of a federal consent decree. Justice Jeffrey Victory, who was elected to the Supreme Court in 1995, has contested Johnson's elevation to Chief Justice, arguing that she only became a full-fledged Supreme Court justice in 2000, when Johnson was first elected to fill a permanent seat on the Court. Others, such as New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu, support Justice Johnson's claim to be the most senior justice. Justice Johnson filed a federal lawsuit in the matter on July 5, 2012. On September 1, Federal District Court Judge Susie Morgan ruled that Johnson had seniority. Governor Bobby Jindal stated that it should be left to the state to interpret its constitution, and filed an appeal a week later. He then asked the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to review the lower court's decisions. On October 16, 2012, the Louisiana Supreme Court ruled that Johnson would become the next Chief Justice.
Johnson, J. (1994-2000 as state appellate judge on permanent assignment to the Supreme Court; 2000–present as elected Supreme Court justice); Victory, J. (1995); Knoll, J. (1997); Weimer, J. (2001); Guidry, J. (2009); Clark, M. (2009); Hughes, J. (2012)

</doc>
<doc id="5858809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858809" title="South Buffalo, Buffalo, New York">
South Buffalo, Buffalo, New York

South Buffalo is a neighborhood that makes up the southern third of the City of Buffalo, New York, USA. Traditionally known for its large Irish-American community, this community also has a strong presence of various other nationalities. The once heavily industrialized district was home to many steel mills, automotive parts manufacturers, petroleum refineries, foundries, and machine shops. However, due to increasing deindustrialization and rising unemployment the area has experienced growing problems with poverty, population decline and urban blight, as is the region as a whole.
South Buffalo, as officially designated by the Buffalo City Council, is bordered by the town of West Seneca on the east, the City of Lackawanna on the south, Lake Erie on its western edge, and the Buffalo River serves as its northern border. New York State Route 16 (Seneca Street), Abbott Road, and South Park Avenue are the major streets serving South Buffalo.
Neighborhoods & schools.
South Buffalo has various educational opportunities to offer, from Public Elementary and High Schools, to Elementary Charter Schools and even Catholic Elementary and High Schools. Also, there is the presence of Trocaire College.
Recently, the South Buffalo Catholic Schools have consolidated to form one school, which is called South Buffalo Catholic School. This school has three campuses: Trinity Catholic Academy located at St. Teresa's Parish, Notre Dame Academy located at St. Martin's Parish, and Ambrose Catholic Academy located at St. Ambrose Parish. These schools continue to struggle financially because of the high cost associated with operating private education. The 2008-2009 school year closed with a $340,000.00 operating deficit. The schools continue to see a decrease in enrollment, as families can no longer afford the high tuition expense in such a poor economy.
Update (2013) After the closing of the 2012-2013 school year, only Notre Dame Academy will serve the South Buffalo area for Catholic Elementary education. Both Trinity Catholic Academy and Saint Ambrose will not re-open for the 2013-2014 school year. Currently both buildings (Trinity and Ambrose) sit empty.
The Public Schools of South Buffalo continue to operate despite the area's fiscal problems. Public Schools in South Buffalo include Hillary Park Academy, Southside Elementary, Lorraine Academy, School 33 Bilingual Center, and many charter schools. South Park High School is the neighborhood's only public secondary school. The two remaining Catholic high schools in South Buffalo are Bishop Timon - St. Jude High School for boys and Mount Mercy Academy for girls. The only remaining Catholic elementary school is Notre Dame Academy, after Trinity Catholic Academy and Ambrose Catholic Academy announced their closure after the 2012 - 2013 school year.
The South Buffalo area is also served by two libraries. The Dudley Branch of the Erie County Library System is located at 2010 South Park Avenue. The Cazenovia Library functions as an independent library and community resource center and is located at 155 Cazenovia Street.
Society.
South Buffalo has one of the highest concentrations of Irish Americans west of the Hudson River outside of Chicago, many of whom settled in Buffalo after the completion of the Erie Canal, as well as the coming of the railroads and the industrial revolution later in the nineteenth century. Nevertheless, unlike many other American cities with large Irish-American populations, Buffalo, New York's southside Irish came to the USA relatively late when comparatively speaking. By far the largest concentrations came from the Irish Counties of Clare, Cork, Mayo and Wexford. A large percentage of South Buffalonians can trace their Irish ancestry to the area in and around the town of Kilrush in County Clare. Indeed, most were post-famine arrivals who were recruited to work the burgeoning steel mills, petroleum refineries, foundries, flour mills, automobile factories, and machine shops sprouting up in this highly industrialized city. Many more of South Buffalo's Irish would wind up working in the ranks of the protective services for the Buffalo Police Department and Buffalo Fire Department. Others found jobs in the various unionized Building Trades, such as in the labor unions representing the Carpenters, Bricklayers, Iron Workers, and Operating Engineers.
Youth ice hockey is hugely supported in South Buffalo. The Cazenovia Chiefs hockey program provides recreation for hundreds of children in the neighborhood. This program has produced such hockey talent as Patrick Kane. The neighborhood plays host to the Goin' South Irish Feis every year, an event that is extremely popular. It features food, fireworks, and live music, including Jackdaw, and a number of local Celtic bands. Because South Buffalo also has a number of Italian Americans, it hosts an Italian Festival each summer. Another popular event which takes place is the annual Seneca Street Car Show, which draws many people into South Buffalo.
With its Irish roots there are also a few traditional Irish Dance Academies in the neighborhood area of South Buffalo, such as O'Sullivan Academy, Rince Na Tiarna, Woodgate-Shamrock, and Clann Na Cara.
In addition to the Irish ethnic population, there are also communities of English, Italian, German, and Polish elements in the population of South Buffalo. Each summer, the Italian community of South Buffalo hosts its annual Italian festival.
A number of newspapers, publications and websites keep residents up-to-date with news, events and announcements including The South Buffalo News print publication put out by the Front Page Group and available at local stores, The Greater South Buffalo Chamber of Commerce newsletter that is sent out regularly to members and by request ([http://www.SouthBuffaloChamber.org] ) and the website South Buffalo & Southtowns Online news ( http://www.SouthtownsOnline.com ) .
Politics.
As of 2012, South Buffalo is represented by Tim Kennedy in the New York State Senate, Brian Higgins in the United States House of Representatives, and Michael "Mickey" Kearns in the New York State Assembly. Chris Scanlon represents the district on the Buffalo Common Council, and Carl Paladino represents South Buffalo on the Buffalo Public Schools board of education.
Most South Buffalonians who are involved in politics favor the Democratic Party, but generally lean somewhat more socially (and sometimes fiscally) conservative than the party as a whole, typical of most working-class Roman Catholic communities. Former Assemblyman Mark J. F. Schroeder, for instance, was the only Democrat in the Assembly to not support longtime speaker Sheldon Silver, a stance initially mirrored by Kearns. One of South Buffalo's most famous politicians, James D. Griffin, served as mayor of Buffalo for 16 years and was noted for both his fiscal and social conservatism, to the point where the Republican and Conservative Parties frequently cross-endorsed him. Paladino was a registered Democrat from 1974 to 2005, but he changed his registration to Republican and ran on that party's line in the 2010 New York gubernatorial election.
Geography.
Also within the area are two parks designed by Frederick Law Olmsted. These parks, Cazenovia and South Park, are connected by wide elm-lined streets. McKinley Parkway and Red Jacket Parkway are two of the remaining parkways that created a greenway throughout the city in the early 1900s.
Cazenovia Park is the larger of the two parks. It contains two baseball and two softball diamonds. The baseball diamonds and one softball diamond reside in an area aptly referred to as the "Bowl". The second softball diamond is situated a little further away and called the "Hidden Diamond". The park also contains a nine hole golf course, a wading pool, playground, basketball & tennis courts, three soccer fields, as well as a casino, typical of the era when the park was designed. The road running through the park was named after South Park High School Alumni Warren Spahn in 2004.
South Park is located along the border of Lackawanna. It also contains a nine hole golf course, as well as two softball diamonds. The Buffalo and Erie County Botanical Gardens is also in the park. It is a favorite summer time habitat for Canada geese..
Hillery Playground, located in the Seneca Street neighborhood, is a main recreational area for the residents of the Seneca Street area of South Buffalo.
In addition, there are numerous fishing spots on the waterfront such as the Small Boat Harbor, Gallagher Beach, and Union Ship Canal on the Lackawanna border.
The South Buffalo area is serviced by the Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority buses on Seneca St. (No. 15), Abbott Rd. (No. 14),and South Park Ave. (No. 16).
Past & present.
During the 1940s and 1950s swimming was a favorite summer pastime at the two outdoor swimming pools in Cazenovia Park. The two pools have since been removed. Fishing in Cazenovia Creek was an alternative summertime activity. In the winter, a lagoon off of the creek provided ice skating, but this has also been removed.
A game called Chestnuts was a popular activity during this time period in South Buffalo. Horse chestnuts would be suspended from a string, usually a shoelace, run through a hole drilled in the center. Participants would take turns holding their suspended chestnut, while their opponent would snap their chestnut against it. When either chestnut cracked the surviving chestnut would be crowned a kinger. Kingships would accumulate from game to game. Any accumulated kingships of a defeated chestnut would be transferred to the victor.
Community picnics at Cazenovia Park and in neighboring Crystal Beach amusement park, located in Crystal Beach, Ontario where provided annually by the Tri-Abbot Southpark Businessmen's Association.
Baseball was and still remains another dominant sport in the area. In the past there wasn’t an established little league, but games would be played spontaneously almost anywhere, including playground ball fields, vacant lots and even the street. Teams would be formed by alternate selection until everyone present was chosen by one team or the other. The team captain to make the first choice was determined by tossing a bat with the handle up to one captain, who would grab it in one hand. Each captain would alternately place a hand on the top of the others hand until there was no more room on the bat. The last hand determined the first choice.
The area is represented by the South Buffalo Celtics in amateur American football. The Celtics won the 2011 Mid Continental Football League championship in October 2011.
Two neighborhood movie houses, the Capitol and Shea's Seneca shows, provided entertainment at very reasonable prices. Saturday matinees where 14¢ for the Capitol and 20¢ for the Seneca. The Strand also provided motion picture entertainment.
Spoonley The Trainman on Choate was a major attraction in South Buffalo. This toy train shop, owned and operated by Chester Spoonley, drew people from all over western New York to experience the fascinating layouts featuring Lionel and American Flyer trains and accessories.
Although the two steel companies, Bethlehem and Republic, provided employment for a majority of South Buffalo residents during this time, they were also a major source of air pollution. The blast furnaces and open hearth furnaces generated huge quantities of airborne particulates that coated every surface inside and outside of homes and buildings. This fact was not fully appreciated by the residents until the steel mills shut down and suddenly surfaces remained relatively clean.
The South Buffalo area suffered in the late 1970s and early 1980s due to the closing of the majority of steel mills, machine shops, automobile factories, oil refineries and flour milling plants which were either within or bordering the community. In search of jobs many of the residents were forced to leave Western New York and seek employment out of state. The numerous independent small shops which once lined Seneca Street and South Park Avenue suffered most from the economic downturn caused by the many plant closures. What was once the South Buffalo neighborhood's main retail area became a collection of boarded-up store fronts hard pressed for cash flow. Suffering less were the more middle-class neighborhoods of South Buffalo which border McKinley Parkway, Abbott Road and Potter Road.
The annual South Buffalo St. Patrick's Day Parade was revived some 20 years ago and serves as a more traditional celebration over the City of Buffalo's main St. Patrick's Day Parade held usually the following day in Buffalo's city center on Delaware Avenue. The Grand Marshal's of this less formal event have represented a gammit from some of South Buffalo's best known Irish-American families.
Each year, starting in 2004, the Moe Talty-Franz walk for breast cancer awareness and fund raising is conducted in Cazenovia Park. Hundreds of people come together to support this worthy event.
Another new festival tradition is the South Buffalo Business Expo and Irish Festival, usually held the first weekend of September in Cazenovia Park. A day long event featuring local businesses, services, food, dance and music draws residents from all over.
Another favorite is the Labor Day parade, where union members from all over Western New York proudly march from the Irish Center to the Casino in Cazenovia Park. A Mass of thanksgiving is celebrated at the shrine of St. Joseph the Worker on the grounds of St. Thomas Aquinas Church. The shrine was erected by Msgr. John P. Boland, known as the "Labor Priest." Msgr. Boland was noted for his contributions to the New York State Little Wagner Act. The parade and Mass are followed by a picnic in Caz Park. 
Famous natives include political activist and property developer Carl Paladino, who moved from the Lovejoy District to South Buffalo during high school; Tim Russert from NBC's Meet the Press; James T. Molloy, the former Doorkeeper of the House of Representatives; Jim Kelley, the internationally known hockey writer; and Dan Neaverth, a longtime Buffalo radio broadcaster from the 1950s to the present who was inducted into Buffalo Broadcasting Hall of Fame in 2000.
Dan attended Timon H.S. in South Buffalo.

</doc>
<doc id="5858813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858813" title="Clara Ingram Judson">
Clara Ingram Judson

Clara Ingram Judson (1879–1960) was an American author who wrote over 70 children's books, primarily nonfiction including several biographies of American presidents. In 1960 she won the second Laura Ingalls Wilder Medal from the professional children's librarians, although she died before she could receive it. The award recognizes a living author or illustrator whose books, published in the United States, have made "a substantial and lasting contribution to literature for children".
Life.
She was born on May 4, 1879, in Logansport, Indiana, and married James McIntosh Judson in 1901. Her first book was "Flower Fairies", published in 1915. Probably her most famous books were the Mary Jane series inaugurated in 1918. She was one runner-up for the Newbery Medal three times, in 1951 for "Abraham Lincoln, Friend of the People", in 1954 for "Theodore Roosevelt, Fighting Patriot", both about US presidents; and in 1957 for "Mr. Justice Holmes", about Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Judson served as the 15th president of the Illinois Woman's Press Association from June 1923 until June 1925.
Her radio program on homemaking debuted in 1928, making her one of the first women "on the air".
She died on May 24, 1960, in Evanston, Illinois, shortly before she would have received the Wilder Medal. That year she also received the inaugural Clara Ingram Judson Award from the Society of Midland Authors, recognizing the most creative writing for children in the Midwest United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5858816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858816" title="Winter garden">
Winter garden

A winter garden is a kind of garden maintained in wintertime.
History.
The origin of the winter garden dates back to the 17th to 19th centuries where European nobility would construct large conservatories that would house tropical and subtropical plants and would act as an extension of their living space. Many of these would be attached to their main palaces. Earlier versions would be constructed of masonry with large windows and a glass roof, usually in the Classical or Gothic styles. While in the 19th century many of these conservatories were made out of iron and curvilinear glass. Winter gardens were not just restricted to private residence, many were built for the greater public. The first large public winter garden was built in 1842-46 in Regent's Park in London and was used for evening occasions, large flower shows and social gatherings. Other winter gardens, such as The Crystal Palace by Sir Joseph Paxton in 1851, were soon built and used for a variety of purposes. 
Present.
The modern winter garden is usually a garden planted either to produce food, or at least to remain visibly planted and slowly develop, throughout the winter, or else a garden whose plants will serve as living decoration all winter. One basic premise, in temperate or colder regions, to the winter garden is that the plants may indeed become dormant when snow covers the ground, but will grow each time the sun heats at least part of the plant to above freezing (snow or not), especially in regions where snow cover and below-freezing temperatures are not constant for months at a time. 
Vegetables that are typically, or can be, used in a winter garden include:
External links.
Underneath the arches The Guardian on Sheffield's public winter garden

</doc>
<doc id="5858822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858822" title="Nathan Smith (ice hockey)">
Nathan Smith (ice hockey)

Nathan Smith (born February 10, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently an Unrestricted Free Agent. He most recently played with the Syracuse Crunch of the American Hockey League.
Playing career.
Smith was drafted 23rd overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft by the Vancouver Canucks. After spending four seasons with the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League, Smith signed his first professional contract with the Canucks on May 31, 2002, a day before his rights were due to expire. He made his professional debut in the American Hockey League with the Manitoba Moose in the 2002-03 season. His time spent in the Vancouver organization was filled with injuries, including an almost-career ending knee injury suffered during his 3rd season.
Smith signed as a free agent with the Pittsburgh Penguins on July 12, 2007. On April 27, 2008, Smith was arrested and charged with indecent exposure after he was observed streaking in Scranton. He claimed he was acting on a bet. Smith played in over 13 games for the Pittsburgh Penguins. He also scored his first NHL goal which was later called off. Smith acted as Captain for the affiliate team, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins and took his team to the Calder Cup finals, which they lost to the Chicago Wolves in game 5 of the final series.
On July 10, 2008, Smith signed a one-year deal with the Colorado Avalanche. He was assigned to affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters of the AHL, for the 2008–09 season, and played as captain, before suffering a season-ending knee injury on January 23, 2009. 
On July 22, 2009, Smith signed a one-year deal with the Minnesota Wild. In the 2009–10 season, Smith made his return to the NHL on October 14, 2009, in a 3-2 defeat to the Anaheim Ducks. He played in 9 games with the Wild throughout the season, but primarily played with AHL affiliate, the Houston Aeros, to score 37 points in 67 games.
On August 6, 2010, Smith left North America and signed a one-year contract with German team, Augsburger Panther of the DEL.
He returned to the American Hockey League the following season in 2011–12 signing a one-year contract with the Syracuse Crunch on August 11, 2011. Limited to 18 games due to injury, Smith tallied just one goal and six points.

</doc>
<doc id="5858830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858830" title="Kra (Mythology)">
Kra (Mythology)

In Akan spirituality, the kra is the soul of a person. It is of divine origin; that is to say, one gets their "Kra" from God (Onyame).
An Akan conforms to the abusua/(Mogya (blood)) of his mother, and receives the Ntoro from his father. These maternal and paternal bonds follow the Akan wherever he/she travels. An Akan's Sunsum is their Spirit/personality which they develop through their interaction with the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5858831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858831" title="Schecter C-1 Hellraiser">
Schecter C-1 Hellraiser

The Hellraiser is available in three different finishes: Black Cherry, White and Black. The Black Cherry features abalone binding, rosewood fretboard, and chrome tuners. The Black features Black Pearl binding and black hardware. The White features abalone bindings and black hardware. All have abalone gothic cross inlays to give the guitar that extra sinister feel. There is also a variant of the Hellraiser that is fitted with a Floyd Rose, the Schecter C-1 FR.
Some artists known to play the Hellraiser are Jeff Loomis of Nevermore, Synyster Gates of Avenged Sevenfold and Andrew Whiting of Attack Attack!.

</doc>
<doc id="5858833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858833" title="Nova Scotia Route 204">
Nova Scotia Route 204

Route 204 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Cumberland County and runs from Amherst at Trunk 6 to Streets Ridge at Route 368.
Route description.
Heading east from the Town of Amherst the route is a two-lane collector highway with a posted speed limit of 80 km/h. In Oxford town limits the route follows Little River Road, Main Street, Water Street and Birchwood Road. From Oxford it continues heading due east with a posted speed limit of 80 km/h until its terminus at Route 368. It was originally part of Trunk 4 until 1970
History.
Route 204 has been around unofficially for many decades and for many years was the main road between Truro and Amherst. Before the current alignment of Highway 104 was constructed the route was part of the Trans Canada Highway
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5858842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858842" title="John Uncle">
John Uncle

John Uncle is a well-known London-based canine behaviour expert. He has been involved in professional dog training since the early 1970s. John has lectured and instructed dog trainers across Britain, Europe, America, India and Japan.
Uncle was one of the first instructors to lecture for the International Earthquake and Mountain Rescue teams in Switzerland. In the Netherlands he introduced the Prevent-a-bite programme and instructed in silent training for agility. In 2001 he ran a two-week residential course in India and lectured to over 200 Japanese dog instructors, vets and dog owners in October of the same year. He has given talks at the Royal Veterinary College and numerous training clubs and universities across Britain. His knowledge and insight into dogs has attracted much media interest and he continues to write for publications including Kennel Club Gazette and Dog Training Weekly.
In 1984 Uncle helped to form the PREVENT-A-BITE programme, which has toured schools in Britain, teaching students and teachers about canine/human interaction and showing people how to live and communicate with dogs in a safe way. 
Uncle has established a strong relationship with many international dog training schools. Students from the Thistle school in Tokyo have regularly visited LCTE in London for several years now, attracted by John's hands-on approach and willingness to tackle the problem dogs that some instructors refuse to work with.
Sources.
London Canine Training Establishment [http://www.lcte.co.uk]

</doc>
<doc id="5858858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858858" title="Tobelo">
Tobelo

Tobelo is a town and also a district on the eastern Indonesian island of Halmahera. It is the capital of the regency ("kabupaten") of North Halmahera, part of the province of North Maluku. The city was formalised as the capital of North Halmahera in the district elections held in 2004. It is considered as the best town in the regency in view of its coconut palm studded surroundings "fronted by jigsaw of islands". It has a population of approximately 15,000.
Religion.
Muslims and Christians had lived amicably in this town of North Halmahera from the 16th century. However, North Maluku district was majority Muslim. The coastal road from Galela to Tobelo passes through neighboring Muslim and Christian villages. Living peacefully, these two communities followed the local cultural tradition of the "Hibua Lamo" (a pact between Muslims and Christians to live together without aggressive designs on each other and cooperating on all matters of mutual interest).
Communal Violence.
Violence broke out in Tobelo in December 1999. According to Duncan (2001), the roots of the conflict "focused on plans by the regional government to create a new sub-district (kecamatan) of Makian Daratan from the southern half of the Kao sub-district." Initial reconciliation efforts at the sub district level worked for some time in preventing any clashes and assuage hurt feelings. The religious violence, which simmered in January 1999 in Ambon culminated in rioting in Tobelo by end of December 1999. This rioting was further triggered by the fleeing of several thousand Christians from Central Halmahera, and Tobelo had turned into a refugee camp. Though the rioting has been quelled, the mistrust between the two communities prevails. Galela subdistrict with its own language is another place where remnants of strife (burnt out churches and mosques) between the religious groups are still seen with military checkposts established to prevent any further disturbances in the region. In the ultimate analysis, it is reported that the sectarian violence in 1999–2000 had resulted in 2000 Muslim deaths in Maluku and a population displacement of 200,000 Muslim people in the region. Tobelo was the worst affected as over 100,000 Muslim people were from Tobelo and villages to its south, who fled to the island of Ternate and Morotai during early 2000. Nearly 70% of them returned subsequently as the situation was controlled. However, as a result of violence in 1999–2000, the area is clearly demarcated into Muslim and Christian villages. Tobelo is now almost entirely Christian; while Muslims have fled to nearby villages. Remnants of devastation are still evident. There is a discerned process of peace building emerging between the two communities now.
Culture.
Inhabitants of Tobelo are non-Austronesian–speaking people. Tobelo's predominant Christian character is expressed colourfully at Christmas with bamboo poles arching over the side of the roads hung with lights and multi-coloured flags. At Easter, local church congregations hold a competition to see who can create the best Easter garden. 
One festival of note is the annual North Halmahera Cultural Festival, when the Tobelorese wear full traditional ceremonial dress.
Traditional Tobelorese weddings are also said to be among the most colourful and the Christians follow traditions during their wedding ceremonies, with traditional music and dance. A wedding is typically accompanied by traditional Tobelorese music, played with gongs and drums and a Cakalele dance is usually performed in front of the bride as she approaches the groom. Around the time of New Year, Tobelo attracts a number of Yangere groups from all over North Halmahera and perform music and dances.
The main language of Tobelo, the Tobelo language, is spoken across North Halmahera, by approximately 15,000 people.
Each year, in April, after the harvest season there is a practice of offering of plates of rice and certain items of basketry by the married women to the Church, duly observing conventional social norms. The offerings are then sold or auctioned during the Sunday services in the premises of the church. The returns from such sales go to the Church funds ("kas gereja"), which are used by the church for providing public services. It is more of ritual than an economic transaction.
The other ritual observed in Tobelo is on the first Sunday of January when prayers are offered in the Church for the dead. On this occasion, each family decorates the graves of its deceased with flowers. This is also an occasion when women dressed in military uniform hold a parade through the village and enter houses demanding food and sweets.
The rituals observed conform to both pre-Christian Tobelo customs and the post-Christian era culture conforming to the Gregorian calendar. However, marriages are conducted under the Tobelo customs, rituals and practices. The family units are patrilineal.
Economy.
Tobelo boasts large swathes of locally owned coconut plantations, supplying hundreds of tonnes of copra (dried coconut flesh) every month to the ports of Bitung (North Sulawesi) and Surabaya (East Java). The city, as the main centre for the North Halmahera has thus become the export hub for copra and other commodities.
Pulau Tulang is the nearest islet to the town, within swimming distance of the harbour. The Kupa-Kupa beach is located about from the town, near the oil terminal for the Pertamina company. The beach is very clean and attracts tourists for snorkelling. Off the coast of Tobelo town is a group of small, coconut palm covered islands with golden sandy beaches. Longboats frequently travel from them to Tobelo town. Tobelo contains a hospital and a post office and is an important base and port on the island.
In the three provinces of North Maluku, Maluku, and Central Sulawesi, following the sectarian conflict in 1999 which centred on Tobelo, devastated the well-being and economy of the people. This needed urgent attention of the authorities concerned in the government through a development process. It was a challenging task to both national and regional governments. The UN Common County Assessment (UNCCA) and Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) for 2002–2005 and UNDP’s Country Cooperation Framework decided to pitch in with assistance. They established a programme of linking relief and longer-term development as part of the UN’s support to Indonesia. The UNDP Crisis Prevention and Recovery Unit (CPRU), then launched three support programmes in North Maluku, Maluku and Central Sulawesi, which covered the Galea -Tobelo –South Tobelo Area. Three programmes were launched for the period 2002–2005 envisaging an investment of US $19 million with the objective of: 
UNDP launched development project under the Galea – Tobelo – South Tobelo Area Recovery projects in 2002–2003, involved several projects for rural electrification, health facilities (capacity building), transportation, labour intensive projects of roads and drainage, social activities of cross community collaboration projects of culture and sports empowerment, construction of bridges, markets, improvement of drainage systems and bus terminals. Economy is picking up and there are clear signs of recovery. However, education facilities are still at the basic level. Tobelo and its neighbourhood are still considered a danger zone for foreigners.
Attractions.
Tobelo town has many attractions on the islands in its vicinity. One such island is the Tagalaya where sea is calm and the water is clear. The beaches are clean and have extensive spread of white sand. The major attraction here is the broad spread of coral reefs, which are rich in marine life at a depth of . The locale is also good for swimming and diving.
Other attractions in Tabelo neighbourhood are the many beaches, lakes, off-shore islands, forested hills and a volcano. Some of the well-known places are:
Luari beach, the ethnic Galelarese village of Luari to the north of Tobelo, is on the Pacific Ocean. It has clear and calm waters and is safe for swimming and canoeing. Snorkelling is also done on the cape to the north, from where sunset views, over Mount Tarakani and the coast of Galela, are impressive.
Kupakupa beach, from the town, has huge banyan trees on its shores, which makes the waters in the sheltered location inside the bay ideal for watersports, such as swimming, canoeing and snorkelling. The coral reef at its northern end is stated to be one of the finest. Pertamina harbour for oil-vessels is also located here.
Kumo beach on the Kumo island is the nearest to Tabelo town – a few minutes of motorised canoeing – is the busiest beach in North Halmahera. Its natural surroundings are scenic. Swimming is safe here.
Tobotobo Sea Garden in the Toboto village, which is ideal for snorkelling and diving. Thousands of bats are seen here clinging to the mangrove trees. White and blue pigeons take bath here.
Telaga Paca is a small crater lake close to Tobelo town to the south – a few km off the main road. The lake is set in a backdrop of thickly forested hills. There is also a small village by the same name Talaga Paca near the lake, which has a lookout area erected over stilts in the water to view the lake. A canoe could be hired to paddle in the lake. It is the source of drinking water to the village. Villagers do fishing in the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="5858862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858862" title="Un grito en el corazón">
Un grito en el corazón

Un grito en el corazón (1997) was the second studio album of the Mexican pop singer Lynda Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="5858866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858866" title="First American">
First American

First American may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5858869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858869" title="List of alternative metal artists">
List of alternative metal artists

This is a list of alternative metal artists. Alternative metal (or alt-metal) is a style of heavy metal and alternative rock.
Alternative metal usually takes elements of heavy metal with influences from genres like alternative rock, and other genres not normally associated with metal, such as hardcore punk, funk, and progressive rock. Alternative metal bands are often characterized by heavy guitar riffs, melodic vocals, unconventional sounds within other heavy metal genres, unconventional song structures and sometimes experimental approaches to heavy music.
! Band || Active || Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5858870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858870" title="Jefferson Place Gallery">
Jefferson Place Gallery

The gallery exhibited "advanced art" and was associated with Washington Color School, Color Field, Post-painterly Abstraction and Lyrical Abstraction for a number of years and was a major Washington outlet for that art. These are some of the artists who exhibited at Jefferson Place Gallery: Kenneth Noland, Howard Mehring, Gene Davis, Paul Reed (artist), Hilda Shapiro Thorpe, Sam Gilliam, William Eggleston, Willem De Looper, Eric Rudd, Rockne Krebs, John Gossage, Franklin White, Carroll Sockwell, David Staton, Jennie Lea Knight, Elliot Thompson, Blaine Larson, Sheila Isham, Yuri Schwebler, Valerie Hollister, Ben L. Summerford, Roy Slade, Ed Zerne, John P. Wise, V.V. Rankine, Robert Franklin Gates, David Moy, Roberto Polo, Antoinette "Tony" Bradlee...
The competitors in Contemporary Art with Nesta Dorrance's Jefferson Place Gallery were Henri Gallery Ersham, Pyramid Gallery Osuna & Luis Lastra and later Protetch-Rivkin Gallery Protetch & Harold Rivkin.

</doc>
<doc id="5858880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858880" title="Gordon Taylor (footballer)">
Gordon Taylor (footballer)

Gordon Alexander Taylor OBE (born 28 December 1944) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger. He has been chief executive of the English footballers' trades union, the Professional Footballers' Association since 1981. He is reputed to be the highest paid union official in the world.
Taylor was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire. He played over 250 games for Bolton Wanderers and scored more than 50 goals before being transferred to Birmingham City in 1970. He joined Blackburn Rovers in 1976 and spent the 1977 close season playing in the North American Soccer League for the Vancouver Whitecaps. He returned to play for Blackburn and finally Bury before retiring in 1980 to work full-time for the PFA.
Taylor has a degree in economics and is a member of FIFA's football committee.
He is an alumnus of Manchester Metropolitan University.
He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2008 New Year Honours.
His mobile phone messages were allegedly hacked by a private investigator employed by the "News of the World" newspaper. "The Guardian" reported that "News International" (the owner of "News of the World") paid Taylor £700,000 ($1.1 million) in legal costs and damages in exchange for a confidentiality agreement barring him from speaking about the case.

</doc>
<doc id="5858903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858903" title="Osca">
Osca

Osca or OSCA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5858906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858906" title="Fokker F26">
Fokker F26

The Fokker F26 was an early jet airliner design by the Dutch aircraft manufacturer, Fokker.
Development.
During the era before the Second World War, Fokker was one of the world's largest manufacturers of passenger aircraft. After the re-emergence of the Fokker company in 1945 (its founder, Anthony Fokker, had died in the USA in 1939), the company made ambitious plans for reconquering the market it once dominated. Therefore, in 1946, the company came up with a design of a jetliner.
The design materialised through cooperation between Fokker, the Dutch airline company KLM, and the Dutch national institute for aircraft development, the Nationaal Instituut voor "Vliegtuigontwikkeling" (NVI). Design progressed quickly and a model of the F26 was shown at the first postwar aviation fair, the Paris Air Show of November 1946. The model attracted a lot of interest, but no orders were gained.
Further development of the F26 was hampered by the attitude of KLM. KLM executive Mr Plesman believed that design, marketing and production of a jetliner was too big a project for Fokker alone. He therefore pushed Fokker for cooperation with British manufacturer de Havilland. Although some cooperation took place, mainly on engine-related issues, a combined effort in producing jetliners never took place. However, within ten years, Fokker would develop a more feasible design, the F27 Friendship.
In its publications the Fokker Company often stated that the F26 Phantom was a conceptual design. Its purpose was to be a technical and economical feasibility study only. Therefore the F26 was never intended to become reality. On the other hand, the Fokker Company expressed the expectation at the Paris Air Show of 1946 that the aircraft was about to fly in three years time. Regardless the real business expectation was, the significance of the F26 design lies in its early appearance. Although the aircraft industry in general considered jetpowered aircraft to be the future, no jetpowered passenger aircraft were designed by then.
Design.
The all-metal F26 design consisted of a low-wing layout with a 17-seat pressurized fuselage, a fully retractable gear and two Rolls-Royce Nene RB.41 series I jet engines. With a thrust of 2.3 kN (5,171 lbf) each, these engines were the most powerful engines available at the time. The aircraft was designed for a flight crew of three people.
The passenger cabin had a single aisle layout, with two seats abreast on the right and a single row on the left. The aft side had a toilet section and two cargo bays. The aircraft was to be flown by two pilots and one radio operator.
Based on design studies the F26 had an economical cruise speed of 800 km/h (497 mph) with a range of 1,000 km (621 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="5858921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858921" title="Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Health">
Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Health

The Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Health was a junior ministerial office in the United Kingdom Government.
The Ministry of Health was created in 1919 as a reconstruction of the Local Government Board. Local government functions were eventually transferred to the Minster of Housing and Local Government, leaving the Health Ministry in charge of Health proper.
From 1968 it was amalgamated with the Ministry of Social Security under the Secretary of State for Social Services, until a demerger of the Department of Health and Social Security on 25 July 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="5858935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858935" title="Marc Dugain">
Marc Dugain

Marc Dugain (born 1957) is a French novelist, chiefly known for "La Chambre des Officiers" (English, "The Officers' Ward") (1999), a novel set in World War I.
Dugain was born in Senegal, and studied at the Institut d'études politiques de Grenoble. His prize-winning first novel was made into a successful film in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5858939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858939" title="The Siren (musical)">
The Siren (musical)

The Siren is a Broadway musical production adapted from the operetta "Die Sirene" by Leo Fall, based on a text by Leo Stein and A. M. Willner. This was first performed in Vienna on 5 January 1911.
The American version was produced in New York by Charles Frohman and ran at the Knickerbocker Theatre from 28 August 1911 to 16 December of the same year. Despite the short run, it took in one hundred and sixteen performances.

</doc>
<doc id="5858941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858941" title="Gothenburg discothèque fire">
Gothenburg discothèque fire

The Gothenburg discothèque fire was a disastrous fire caused by arson which occurred on the night of October 29, 1998. It occurred on premises rented by an organization catering to the Macedonian community in Gothenburg, located on Hisingen island in Gothenburg, Sweden, where a discothèque had been arranged that night. There were 375 youths, a vast majority from various ethnic minority backgrounds, aged 12–25 years on the premises, which were rated by the fire department as capable of holding 150 persons. Of those in the building, 63 people died and around 200 people were injured.
The fire.
The fire started on the premises of the Macedonian organization located on the third floor, where a discothèque for high school students had been arranged to celebrate Halloween. It was started in a stairway to which the club's emergency exit fed into. Because of this, the emergency exit was not usable, making a single stairway the only route available for escape. Many youths jumped out the windows, but since the windows were from the floor as well as from the ground level, this was difficult. The fire safety was generally poor on the site.
The first emergency call occurred at 23:42, but due to the noise on the site, it took a while before the operator could comprehend the address. At 23:45 a so-called "big dispatch" occurred at a fire station located on the island, and four minutes later the first rescue team arrived on the scene. Later, six other fire crews were dispatched. About 60 youths were rescued by firefighters with self-contained breathing apparatus; 40 of those youths were brought out through the staircase and 20 youths were taken out via windows. Others escaped by themselves.
Consequences.
A total of 63 youths died, and 213 were injured, of whom 50 were seriously injured. For a long time, it was not determined whether the fire was an accident or an arson. Within a few days, it was speculated that the fire, of which the victims were mainly immigrants, was started by xenophobic or racist Swedes. Posters were distributed in Gothenburg, containing the text "60 immigrant youths have died, now 60 Swedes shall die." It was later learned that the four arsonists were immigrants themselves, from Iran.
On June 1, 1999, it was reported that two suspects had been arrested but later let go. In December, a reward of 3 million kronor was promised for the person or persons who could give information that would identify the cause of the fire. At that time, no one knew how the fire had actually started, despite the interrogation of over 1,400 persons by the Swedish police. During that month, the police also asked for leads via a national TV show. In January 2000, three suspects were taken into custody by the police, and in February the fourth was brought in. However, they had been suspected of arson before the reward was offered. No preliminary investigation was started against the party's arrangers.
Criminal prosecution.
The fire was started by four teenagers aged 17–19, who were denied entry to the discothèque because of an argument. They were convicted for gross arson, and the firestarter, Shoresh Kaveh, was sentenced by the district court in 2000 to eight years' imprisonment. Two others, Housein Arsani and Mohammad Mohammadamini, were sentenced to six years in prison, while the fourth, Meysam Mohammadyeh, who was a minor aged 17, received three years in a juvenile care facility. Both the defense and the aggrieved parties made appeals. The court of appeals upheld two of the verdicts, but the two verdicts of six years' imprisonment were changed to seven years in prison.
Mohammadyeh, called "the youngest" by the press, was defended by Leif Silbersky. It was established that the other three were friends, and even though Mohammadyeh wanted to become a friend of two of them, he was afraid of Kaveh. Silbersky wanted Mohammadyeh to be acquitted, as Silbersky thought he ought not to be held juridically responsible for his passivity. The court of appeals, however, held it as proven that the four "mutually had agreed to ruin the party by starting a fire", and that it was of "decisive importance with regards to the question of guilt that it has not been possible to investigate whether some person or persons other than Kaveh who tore the paper or started the fire in the stairway." Professor Christian Diesen is of the opinion that it is possible that Mohammadyeh had "gotten involved in a sweep he did not belong to and would have been judged differently unless the fire had gotten such tremendous consequences."
Thomas Bodström, later to become minister of justice in Sweden, was the legal adviser of the aggrieved parties.
Relatives of the victims founded the non-profit organization "BOA" (association for the relatives of the fire victims), which for instance has had contact with relatives of the victims of a discothèque fire in Volendam, The Netherlands, and offered support to relatives of victims of the 2004 tsunami. The fire department in Gothenburg, as well as survivors and relatives of victims, also provide information to make youths aware of how quickly a small fire can develop and what consequences it may lead to.
On the decennial of the fire in 2008, a permanent memorial was unveiled, made out of polished granite with the names and ages of all the victims engraved in gold. The monument is located at Backaplan, which is the area on Hisingen where the fire occurred. It was designed by the artist Claes Hake.

</doc>
<doc id="5858961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858961" title="Toilet cleaner">
Toilet cleaner

Toilet cleaners are chemical solutions used for cleaning the toilet, usually in conjunction with a toilet brush.
Usage.
The toilet cleaner is sprayed around the rim and the bowl of the toilet prior to the use of the toilet brush. The toilet brush is used to scrub at the toilet, removing stubborn stains, and residue biological debris. In recent times, automatic toilet bowl cleaners that clip onto the rim of the toilet and clean with every flush, have become more prevalent.
Toilet cleaners tend to be fairly poisonous, and need to be treated with care since they contain disinfectants which can cause skin irritations.

</doc>
<doc id="5858963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858963" title="Clover Creek">
Clover Creek

Clover Creek or Clovercreek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5858966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858966" title="Chesham Building Society">
Chesham Building Society

The Chesham Building Society was a building society based in the market town of Chesham in Buckinghamshire, England which merged with the Skipton Building Society on 1 June 2010. Prior to the merger it was the 37th largest building society in the United Kingdom based on its total assets of £231 million. It was a member of the Building Societies Association.
Founded in 1845 it was the world's oldest (surviving) building society - many early societies were wound up after all members had a house.
The Society promoted itself as offering a more personal service due to their focus on the locality of their main target customers, including the residents of Chesham, hence the original slogan was "Far better for being near to you".
The Society had branches in Aylesbury, Little Chalfont, an agency in Tring and the branch/head office in Chesham. 
Their logo was a stylised chess piece, a pun on the name of the River Chess, the local river.
Merger with Skipton Building Society.
On 24 February 2010 the society announced a proposed merger with the Skipton Building Society. This was approved by Chesham Members at their AGM on 31 March 2010 with just over 80 percent of both savers and borrowers voting in favour. The merger of the two societies took place on 1 June 2010. The enlarged society operates under the Skipton name.

</doc>
<doc id="5858990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858990" title="Abbeyshrule">
Abbeyshrule

Abbeyshrule () is a village in south-east County Longford, Ireland, on the Royal Canal.
Amenities.
Abbeyshrule is a village which resides in the midlands specifically longford.
Abbeyshrule is Growing popular for midland business affairs, being geographically well situated, between major urban centres such as Athlone, Longford, Mullingar, permitting business swift access to Paris Beauvais.
The Abbeyshrule Aerodrome is located just outside the village alongside the Royal Canal.
History.
Abbeyshrule won the 2012 National Tidy Towns Award with a total of 312 
marks. Abbeyshrule also claimed the award for Ireland’s Tidiest Village 2012.
Abbeyshrule won a Gold Medal Award at the European Entente Florale Competition.The Minister for Environment, Community and Local Government Phil Hogan said that the village of Abbeyshrule should be immensely proud of their achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="5858994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858994" title="UEFA Euro 1984 qualifying">
UEFA Euro 1984 qualifying

The qualifying round for the 1984 European Football Championship consisted of 32 teams divided into seven groups; three of four teams and four of five teams. The qualifying round was played at various times between May 1982 and December 1983, with some groups concluding earlier than others.
Draw.
The draw took place on 8 January 1982 in Paris, France. 32 teams were drawn from the five pots into the seven groups. France qualified automatically as hosts. Teams qualified to the final tournament are in bold.
Summary.
There were a number of extremely close finishes in some of the qualifying groups. In Group 2, Portugal edged out the USSR by beating them narrowly 1–0 on a penalty by Rui Jordão in Lisbon on the final day. Meanwhile, in Group 5, again on the final day, Romania managed to hold on for a tense 1–1 draw in Bratislava and qualify at the expense of Czechoslovakia. A major surprise in this group was the poor performance of then-World Cup holders Italy, who were rebuilding after the retirement of many of their 1982 heroes and quickly dropped out of contention.
Another surprise was the qualification of Denmark in Group 3 at the expense of England. Having conceded a 2–2 draw at home against the "Three Lions", the hitherto unknown Danes performed well in their other qualifiers and capped their impressive campaign with a 1–0 win at Wembley, while England dropped a point at home against Greece that ultimately cost them the qualifying berth. 
There was also heartbreak for Northern Ireland in Group 6. After managing to beat hot favourites West Germany both home and away earlier in the campaign, they came within 11 minutes of making it to France, but could only look on as Gerd Strack scored a crucial late winning goal for the West Germans in their own final fixture at home to Albania.
In Group 7, The Netherlands thought they had done enough to qualify, given that their closest rivals Spain went into the very last match needing to beat Malta by eleven goals in order to qualify. And when Spain went in at half-time in Seville leading the Maltese minnows by a margin of only 3–1, the Dutch could have been forgiven for assuming they were home and dry. Spain, incredibly, then proceeded to score nine more goals in the second half, the last of them coming in the 86th minute from Juan Señor, to book an unlikely passage to the finals. UEFA has since changed its rules: all teams now play their final game at exactly the same time and date, so that none of the teams has an advantage. Also, overall goal difference is now de-emphasized in the tie-breakers in favour of head-to-head results.
Things were tightest of all in Group 4, where Wales, Bulgaria and Yugoslavia were all in contention until the final few seconds of the last match in the group, between the latter two teams in Split. A draw would have put the onlooking Welsh through to the finals, but just moments after Bulgaria had squandered a glorious chance to score the winning goal and seal their own qualification, Yugoslavian defender Ljubomir Radanović wrote himself into Balkan footballing history with the 90th-minute header that sent him and his team-mates to France.
Format.
Four groups of five teams and three groups of four teams competed for qualification for UEFA Euro 1984. The teams played home and away matches against the other teams nations in their group. The seven teams that acquired the most points to win their respective group qualified for the main tournament, joining the host nation France.
Goalscorers.
During the qualification stage, 341 goals were scored over 116 matches, for an average of 2.94 goals per game.

</doc>
<doc id="5858997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858997" title="Huéscar">
Huéscar

Huéscar () is a municipality of the province of Granada, Spain.
History.
When the Iberian Peninsula was conquered by Rome, Osca was town of the Turdetani, and incorporated into the Roman province of Hispania Baetica. The purportedly ancient coins of this town are not genuine.
Between 1809 and 1981, Huéscar was at war with Denmark, as a result of the Napoleonic wars over Spain, where Denmark supported the French Empire.
The official declaration of war was forgotten until it was discovered by a local historian in 1981, followed by the signing of a peace treaty on 11 November 1981 by the city mayor and the Ambassador of Denmark.
Not a single shot was fired during the 172 years of war, and nobody was killed or injured.
Main sights.
The main landmark is the Collegiate Church of St. Mary the Major, designed by Diego de Siloé in the 16th century.
Sister cities.
Huéscar is twinned with:[http://kolding.dk/data/0021803.asp?sid=19734&uid=21803]

</doc>
<doc id="5859002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859002" title="LLA">
LLA

LLA may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="5859003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859003" title="The Officers' Ward">
The Officers' Ward

The Officers' Ward may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5859004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859004" title="Orinda Dale Evans">
Orinda Dale Evans

Orinda Dale Evans (born 1943) is a United States federal judge.
Born in Savannah, Georgia, Evans received an A.B. from Duke University in 1965 and a J.D. from Emory University School of Law in 1968. She was in private practice in Atlanta, Georgia from 1968 to 1979. She served as counsel to the Atlanta Crime Commission from 1970 to 1971, and was an adjunct professor of law at Emory from 1974 to 1977. 
On June 5, 1979, Evans was nominated by President Jimmy Carter to a seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia vacated by Albert J. Henderson. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on July 23, 1979, and received her commission on July 24, 1979. She served as chief judge from 1999 to 2006, when District Judge Jack Camp became chief judge. Evans assumed senior status on December 31, 2008.
Cases Decided.
On Feb. 14, 2008, Evans sentenced tax protestor Sherry Jackson to four consecutive prison terms of 12 months each.
On May 11, 2012, Evans decided the "Cambridge University Press v. Becker" case, ultimately determining that Georgia State University was the prevailing party and awarding attorneys' fees to GSU from the plaintiffs (Oxford University Press, Cambridge University Press, and SAGE Publications). 

</doc>
<doc id="5859006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859006" title="Scientific evidence (law)">
Scientific evidence (law)

"This article is about the legal concept. For scientific evidence in pure science, see Scientific evidence."
In law, scientific evidence is evidence derived from scientific knowledge or techniques. Most forensic evidence, including genetic evidence, is scientific evidence. 
Educating witness.
Role.
The educating witness teaches the fact-finder (jury or, in a bench trial, judge) about the underlying scientific theory and instrument implementing theory. This witness is an expert witness, called to elicit opinions that a theory is valid and the instruments involved are reliable. The witness must be accredited as an expert witness, which may require academic qualifications or specific training.
"Frye" test.
The "Frye" test, coming from the case "Frye v. United States" (1923), said that admissible scientific evidence must be a result of a theory that had "general acceptance" in scientific community. This test results in uniform decisions regarding admissibility. In particular, the judges in "Frye" ruled that:
This test has been criticized as misunderstanding the scientific process and being based on the assumption that a jury is unable to evaluate scientific testimony. The goals of the test were to avoid evidence from overly questionable or controversial scientific theories to be used; it was used to exclude lie-detector results employed by the defense in the original case.
"Daubert" test.
The "Daubert" test arose out of the United States Supreme Court case "Daubert v. Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals", 509 U.S. 579 (1993). It requires four things to be shown:
The Federal Rules of Evidence use the Daubert Test. See FRE 702.
Reporting witness.
Reporting witness: Called after teaching witness leaves stand. Usually the laboratory technician who personally conducted the test. Witness will describe both the test and the results. When describing test, will venture opinions that proper test procedures were used and that equipment was in good working order.
Interpreting witness.
Interpreting (Evaluating) Witness: Sometimes not needed 1) when test result is self-explanatory or pass-fail, or 2) when there is a statutory presumption obviating the need (e.g. drunk driving statutes and a test showing raised blood alcohol levels). Otherwise, this witness needed to complete the foundation. Syllogistic in nature: 1) states the interpretive standard (Rule or Major Premise), applies the standard to the test result (minor premise) and derives a conclusion.
For example, in the casebook case of "People v. Collins", 438 P.2d 33 (Cal. 1968), an elderly lady was knocked down and robbed by a blond who escaped in yellow car with bearded black man. Defendants met that rough description but could not be conclusively identified. Prosecutor used a mathematics professor to discuss the probability that this couple could be the guilty party. Lower court overruled Defendants' objection. Court held that 1) there was no foundational establishment of the underlying probabilities and 2) the fact that the Defendants' fit a probability model was irrelevant because it doesn't prove they did it.

</doc>
<doc id="5859024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859024" title="Paul Kemprecos">
Paul Kemprecos

Paul Kemprecos (born March 11, 1939) is an American writer of mysteries and adventure stories. He is a Shamus Award-winning author of six underwater detective thrillers, and had been co-writing with Clive Cussler the "NUMA Files" novels, which focus on Kurt Austin, head of NUMA's Special Assignments Team and his adventures.

</doc>
<doc id="5859031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859031" title="Mi Día de la Independencia">
Mi Día de la Independencia

Mi Día de la Independencia is the third album studio of the Mexican pop-rock singer Lynda Thomas. The album was originally released in 1999; one year later, it was re-released on two occasions, due to the success of its singles. In 2000, a "Special Limited Edition" was released all-over Ibero-America, that included the singles "A Mil Por Hora" and Laberinto, the album also included a Bonus Interactive CD-Rom.
Special Limited Edition
13."A mil por hora"(Bonus Track)
14."Maldita Timidez" (Acoustic Version)
15."Laberinto" (Bonus Track)
16."Corazon Perdido" (Acoustic Version)
Enhanced Video: "A mil por hora"

</doc>
<doc id="5859033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859033" title="Kevin Dearden">
Kevin Dearden

Kevin Charles Dearden (born 8 March 1970 in Luton) is an English former professional football who made more than 400 appearances in the Football League, playing as a goalkeeper for a large number of clubs. He later became a coach.
Playing career.
He began his career as an apprentice with Tottenham Hotspur, turning professional on 5 August 1988. In need of first-team experience, he joined Cambridge United on loan on 9 March 1989, making his league debut two days later in a 3–0 away win against Exeter City.
The next season he joined Hartlepool United on loan in August 1989, moving to Oxford United on loan on 14 December, with a third loan move that season when he joined Swindon Town on 23 March. He moved to Peterborough United on loan on 24 August 1990, with a further loan spell at Hull City, which began on 10 January 1991.
The following season he was still no closer to gaining a first team place at White Hart Lane, joining Rochdale on loan on 16 August 1991, and Birmingham City on loan on 19 March. He played 12 games for the St. Andrews side, but returned to Tottenham Hotspur, starting the next season on loan to Portsmouth, whom he joined on 6 August 1992. He finally made his debut for Tottenham later that season, coming on as a substitute for the injured Erik Thorstvedt in a 2–1 defeat against Nottingham Forest at the City Ground.
He left White Hart Lane in September 1993, joining Brentford on a free transfer and quickly becoming a regular at Griffin Park. he played at Wembley for Brentford, but was on the losing side as Crewe Alexandra won the Second Division play-off final in May 1997. He lost his place in 1998–99 season, joining Barnet on loan on 4 February 1999, before moving to Huddersfield Town on a free transfer on 11 March, having played 213 league games for Brentford.
He failed to appear in the Huddersfield league side and moved to Wrexham on a free transfer on 2 June 1999. He was the first-choice goalkeeper for the following season, missing only one game. He lost his place at the start of the following season to Kristian Rogers, and although he fought back to make 20 league appearances he was released at the end of the season, his final game for Wrexham being in the winning FAW Premier Cup Final side.
He signed on non-contract terms for Torquay United on 9 August 2001 to enable him to be registered in time to play in the opening game of the season away to Bristol Rovers. He soon signed a one-year contract in the knowledge that he would be Roy McFarland's first choice goalkeeper for the 2001–02 season. He began helping manager Leroy Rosenior with the coaching and Plainmoor, and although injury forced him into retirement in March 2005, he stayed on until the end of the season as a voluntary coach.
In February 2006 he signed as a player for non-league Boreham Wood.
Coaching.
In July 2006 he joined the coaching staff at Brentford briefly for a matter of days before deciding instead to take a full time post at Millwall. After coaching for Luton, Stevenage and Leyton Orient, he took on a full time role as goalkeeping coach and chief scout at Leyton Orient in June 2008.
When manager Martin Ling and assistant Dean Smith left Leyton Orient by mutual consent on 18 January 2009 he was appointed as assistant to Kevin Nugent Caretaker Manager for the home match against Southend United on 20 January.

</doc>
<doc id="5859043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859043" title="Florida Panther National Wildlife Refuge">
Florida Panther National Wildlife Refuge

The Florida Panther National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, located in southwestern Florida, twenty miles east of Naples, in the upper segment of the Fakahatchee Strand of the Big Cypress Swamp. It is north of I-75 and west of SR 29.
The refuge was established in 1989 under the Endangered Species Act by the US Fish and Wildlife Service, to protect the endangered Florida Panther, as well as other threatened plant and animal species. The Florida panther is the only cougar species found east of the Mississippi River. The Refuge is part of a network of private land and government protected areas. Some of the public sections of the system are the Everglades National Park, Big Cypress National Preserve and Fakahatchee Strand State Preserve. In all, less than 100 panthers use the area, with fewer than a dozen passing through the refuge each month.
To protect the panther and other endangered inhabitants, general public use is only available at the southeast corner of the refuge, on designated hiking trails. All other areas are can only be seen by way of limited tours.
Flora.
The refuge is a mix of dry, upland habitat and wetlands, including pine rocklands and tropical hardwood hammocks. Among the rare flowering plants there are tropical orchids such as "Cyrtopodium punctatum" and "".
Fauna.
Besides the panthers, the refuge is home to Big Cypress Fox Squirrels, Bobcats, Florida Black Bears, American Alligators, Swallow-tailed Kites and several Wood Stork rookeries.
Statistics.
In 2005, the refuge had an 18 person staff and a fiscal year budget of $1,500,000 (with Ten Thousand Islands National Wildlife Refuge). Approximately 8,000 visitors come to the refuge each year.

</doc>
<doc id="5859046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859046" title="Western Pantar language">
Western Pantar language

Western Pantar, also known by the name of one of its dialects, Lamma, is a Papuan language spoken in the western part of Pantar island in the Alor archipelago of Indonesia. Western Pantar is spoken widely in the region by about 10,000 speakers.
Dialects.
There are three primary dialects.
Dialect differences are primarily lexical:
Sound system.
The Western Pantar consonant inventory includes: voiced and voiceless stops /p t k ’/ and /b d g/; voiceless fricatives /s h/; nasals /n m ng/; trill /r/ and lateral /l/; and glides/w/ and /y/.
The glottal fricative /h/ is very lightly articulated. It occurs in both word-initial and word-medial positions. Words which begin with a glottal fricative can be difficult to distinguish from vowel-initial forms, which actually begin with a glottal stop.
Consonants contrast in length with longer (geminate) counterparts (written double).
Classification.
Western Pantar and the other non-Austronesian languages of Alor and Pantar comprise the Alor–Pantar language family. This family is often itself included within the Timor–Alor–Pantar family, a larger grouping which includes some (though perhaps not all) of the non-Austronesian languages of Timor Island.
The TAP group is clearly Papuan (i.e., non-Austronesian), but just how it is related to the 20 or so families which fall under the rubric "Papuan" is unclear. Located some 1000 km from their nearest Papuan neighbor on the New Guinea mainland, the TAP family is the most distant Papuan outlier. In contrast, the other well-known outlier, the North Halmaheran subgroup of the West Papuan family, lies a mere 300 km from its nearest Papuan neighbor, and its genetic affiliation is well established.
Based on an examination of possessive prefixes, Capell (1944) originally postulated that the TAP languages were related to the West Papuan languages of North Maluku and the Bird's Head of New Guinea. This hypothesis was later countered by Wurm et al. (1975), who classified the languages as members of the Trans–New Guinea family. However, the authors offered little evidence for this classification and remained somewhat doubtful, noting, "whichever way they Timor–Alor–Pantar languages are classified, they contain strong substratum elements of the other involved" (Wurm et al. 1975:318). Indeed, substratum may play an important role in understanding the history of TAP languages. Ross (2005) assigns TAP to his West Trans–New Guinea linkage, a subgroup of Trans–New Guinea. The evidence for this relies entirely on pronominal shapes, and yet there is significant variation in pronoun shapes in this linkage. TAP languages share some innovations/retentions with some members of the linkage, and other innovations/retentions with yet other different members of the linkage. For example, TAP languages retain *na as a reflex of pTNG first person singular *na, whereas several other members of the linkage show metathesis here. This kind of variation is to be expected, since by a "linkage" Ross means a dialect chain which has diversified in situ via overlapping innovations. More problematic is the correspondence of second and third person pronouns, an issue which is not addressed by Ross. TAP languages show a reversal of pTNG second and third pronouns, as can be seen comparing Ross's pTNG reconstructions with Nedebang pronouns.
Western Pantar pronouns can only be derived from pTNG by a flip-flop in which second person pronouns trade places with third person, a typologically unusual situation. Recent work by Donohue & Schapper (2007) suggests that both Capell and Wurm may be right and that TAP may involve an overlay of both Trans–New Guinea and West Papuan elements. Clearly, much more work is needed in order to unravel the complex linguistic pre-history of the TAP languages. One of the main stumbling blocks to further progress is the lack of adequate primary data from the individual languages in the Trans-New Guinea group, especially the languages of the Bomberai Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="5859054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859054" title="Morgan, Lewis &amp; Bockius">
Morgan, Lewis &amp; Bockius

Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP is a law firm that was founded as Morgan & Lewis on March 10, 1873.
History.
Morgan Lewis was founded in Philadelphia on March 10, 1873 by Charles Eldridge Morgan, Jr., a Civil War veteran, and Francis Draper Lewis, the son of a successful cotton merchant. In 1883, Morgan & Lewis hired Morris Rex Bockius, who dominated the firm from the turn of the century until his death in 1939. He became a partner fifteen years after he joined the firm, which became Morgan, Lewis & Bockius. 
In 1882, the firm began to handle work for the United Gas Improvement Company, which became the largest gas and electric utility company in the United States, and (as UGI) is still a client today. That was the beginning of a boom: By the end of the 19th century and into the 20th, Morgan Lewis counseled many leading companies including Philadelphia’s largest newspaper, Pennsylvania’s largest railroad, a major paper manufacturer, banks and trust companies, and the largest manufacturer of steam locomotives in the world.
The law firm was the original holder of the web domain name MLB.com. In September 2000 they made an agreement to transfer the domain name to Major League Baseball. 
Today, Morgan Lewis is a global law firm with more than 1,400 lawyers in 25 offices around the world. The firm is known for its regulatory and industry focused practices in areas such as; Labor Litigation, Antitrust, Energy, Life Sciences, and Securities. 

</doc>
<doc id="5859055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859055" title="Not of this World">
Not of this World

Not of this World may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5859060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859060" title="Wayne Cody">
Wayne Cody

Wayne (Wendel) Cody (September 4, 1936 – June 7, 2002) was an American popular radio and television sportscaster who spent the bulk of his career in Seattle, broadcasting on KIRO and KIRO-TV.In all, he spent 14 years on KIRO TV and 21 on KIRO Radio. In radio alone, he made more than 43,000 sportscasts.
Early life and career.
Cody was born on September 4, 1936 in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He was the only son of 
Wendel Wayne Cody (1904–1985), a Vaudeville musician and radio broadcaster [http://www.broadcastpioneers.com/bp/waynecody.html] "Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia" and Ethel (Sack) Cody (1895–1957), a Vaudeville musician and actress on Broadway. The family moved to Philadelphia shortly after Cody's birth. He often described his early childhood as being very lonely and sheltered, a situation compounded by his obesity. At a young age he would appear on his Father's radio program (The Uncle Wip Show). Cody's Father and Mother divorced when he was 12 and his father remarried and moved the family to Salt Lake City, Utah. Cody attended East High School where he was an average student but enjoyed music and drama class. At age 16, Cody decided to pursue a career in radio and acting. After graduation he began his career working in the mailroom at KNEB, an AM radio station in Scottsbluff, Nebraska. Almost immediately, he was asked to fill in for the vacationing weatherman, and within a few months he was announcing station breaks.He also had a stint in Kokomo, In. at WIOU radio as sports voice of the Kokomo HS Wildkats.
Cody met Judy Carter (1943- ) who is related to Lynda Carter, in Danville, Illinois when he was working at the local Radio Station (WDAN) and television station WICD Channel 24 owned by Adam Young Television who also owned Channels 33 and 3 in Champaign-Urbana. Cody had his own daily television show "The Wayne Cody Show" where he was known for his amazing ability to improvise and ad-lib. In addition, he became quite popular through the entire Tri-State region for his hilarious and informative weather broadcasts. Cody performed in hundreds of live television commercials and interviewed Dick Van Dyke live on television during Danville, Illinois' "Dick Van Dyke Day" in 1962. He was also an avid golfer. Wayne Cody and Judy Carter were married in 1963 and two years later set off for Hollywood on the advice of his friend Dick VanDyke who was also from Danville. VanDyke was starring in the CBS sitcom The Dick Van Dyke Show at the time. Cody's original ambition was to be an actor, but his success in this field was limited. Cody had been a regular in summer-stock musicals and plays. On the way to L.A. they had their first baby in Visalia, California - Shay Cody (1965 - ). Cody was cast in a pilot that was never picked up, and had a brief appearance on "The Red Skelton Show". 
Cody moved back to the midwest and became the radio play-by-play announcer for the Indiana Pacers of the American Basketball Association. During this time his daughter, Shannon Lee Cody (1969- ) was born in Indianapolis. Soon after he moved to Ohio and became the traveling public relations spokesman for the Professional Bowler's Association which was headquarterd in Akron. He divorced Judy in 1970 and met Jeanne Boyce in Seattle when the PBA tour had come to town. They were married in 1971 and Cody moved to Seattle to start a new career in sports broadcasting. 
He was Nicknamed the "Mound of Sound" by Brent Musburger of CBS Sports, because of both his rich voice and his large size. The bearded and rotund Cody, who estimated his own weight at 325 pounds (147.4 kg), vitalized the sports scene in Western Washington for more than 20 years. He was well known for his on-camera antics and his entertaining style of broadcasting. In the 1980s, KIRO TV ran a promotion called "Watch Wayne Disappear." The sportscaster was to lose 100 pounds over nine months and collect a $25,000 bonus. He was 25 pounds too heavy by deadline day.
Cody is best known for being the sports anchor on KIRO (channel 7 / CBS) television and hosting KIRO (710AM) "Sportsline", a weeknight sports radio talk show that was the only one of its kind at the time in Seattle. He was also the original sideline reporter for the Seattle Seahawks radio network with play-by-play announcer Pete Gross, Steve Raible and game analyst Don Heinrich. Cody's other play-by-play experience in the Pacific Northwest included the Seattle SuperSonics (NBA) during the late 1970s thru the mid-1980s, Seattle Sounders of the North American Soccer League and University of Washington Huskies college football games. Earlier in his career, he also was the sideline reporter for the Seattle SuperSonics (NBA).
In the late 80's Cody had a stake in a chain of sports-themed restaurants licensed under the name "Cody's Restaurant and Bakery". There were three locations in the Seattle area.
In 1991, he appeared as himself in the movie "Singles" interviewing then Supersonic player Xavier McDaniel during a dream scene. His son Shay was also in the movie and was working on the TV show Northern Exposure at the time.
Death.
Cody had been in declining health for a number of years, suffering from obesity, diabetes and other ailments.
He died from complications of a heart attack (coronary thrombosis) on June 7, 2002 in Renton, Washington at aged 65
Cody had a son, Shay, a graphic designer, of Seattle, and a daughter, Shannon, a model, of Orlando, and ten grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="5859074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859074" title="Buton Rinchen Drub">
Buton Rinchen Drub

Buton Rinchen Drub (), (1290-1364), 11th Abbot of Shalu Monastery, was a fourteenth-century Sakya master and Tibetan Buddhist leader. Shalu was the first of the major monasteries to be built by noble families of the Tsang Dynasty during Tibet's great revival of Buddhism, and was an important center of the Sakya tradition. Buton was not merely a capable administrator but he is remembered to this very day as a prodigious scholar and writer and is Tibet's most celebrated historian.
Biography.
Buton was born in 1290, "to a family associated with a monastery named Sheme Gomne (shad smad sgom gnas) in the Tropu (khro phu) area of Tsang ... father was a prominent Nyingma Lama named Drakton Gyeltsen Pelzang (brag ston rgyal btshan dpal bzang, d.u.). His mother, also a Nyingma master, was called Sonam Bum (bsod nams 'bum, d.u.)."
Buton catalogued all of the Buddhist scriptures at Shalu, some 4,569 religious and philosophical works and formatted them in a logical, coherent order. He wrote the famous book, the "History of Buddhism in India and Tibet" at Shalu which many Tibetan scholars utilize in their study today.
After his death he strongly influenced the development of esoteric studies and psychic training in Tibet for centuries. The purpose of his works were not to cultivate paranormal magical abilities but to attain philosophical enlightenment, a belief that all earthly phenonoma are a state of the mind. He remains to this day one of the most important Tibetan historians and Buddhist writers in the history of Buddhism and Tibet
Panchen Sönam Drakpa (1478-1554), the fifteenth abbot of Ganden monastery, became known as an incarnation of the great lama and historian, Bütön Rinchen Drupa.

</doc>
<doc id="5859085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859085" title="Byron Velvick">
Byron Velvick

Byron Paul Velvick (born June 24, 1964) is a 2-Time WON Bass U.S. Open champion and previously held the BASS Record for 3 day limit (Apr.13-15, 2000 Clear Lake, Calif). Velvick spent 2 years as a commentator for the ESPN2 show ""BassCenter"" from 2005-2006. He's also been an on-the-water reporter and contributing analyst for ESPN's fishing coverage before and since. Byron Velvick currently resides in Del Rio, Texas where he is the President/owner of Amistad Lake Resort.
The Bachelor.
In September 2004, Velvick was the bachelor for of the United States television show "The Bachelor". He chose bachelorette Maribel Liliana "Mary" Delgado. Delgado, who came to the US with her parents from Cuba when she was a year old, had been a contestant the previous autumn during the series' 4th season.
During the finale show that aired during Thanksgiving week 2004, Velvick asked Mary Delgado to marry him in Spanish in order for her parents to be able to understand his proposal. Delgado accepted. After they became engaged, Delgado joined Velvick's tour and learned the sport. She is now a competing angler in her own right.
On November 21, 2007, Delgado was arrested in Tampa on charges of battery. According to authorities, she punched Velvick in the mouth, causing his upper lip to bleed, and was under the influence of alcohol when she was arrested. The couple had appeared together in a segment of a "Bachelor" reunion show the night before during which the audience was asked if Velvick should marry Delgado. Behind her back he shook his head to indicate "no", which caused the audience to laugh. There is some speculation this sparked the later argument. The couple later told reporters that despite the incident, they were still happy together.
Velvick and Delgado ended their relationship in December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5859089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859089" title="Bachianas Brasileiras">
Bachianas Brasileiras

The Bachianas Brasileiras () are a series of nine suites by the Brazilian composer Heitor Villa-Lobos, written for various combinations of instruments and voices between 1930 and 1945. They represent not so much a fusion of Brazilian folk and popular music on the one hand, and the style of Johann Sebastian Bach on the other, as an attempt freely to adapt a number of Baroque harmonic and contrapuntal procedures to Brazilian music (Béhague 1994, 106; Béhague 2001). Most of the movements in each suite have two titles: one "Bachian" (Preludio, Fuga, etc.), the other Brazilian (Embolada, O canto da nossa terra, etc.).
Bachianas Brasileiras No. 1.
Scored for orchestra of cellos (1930):
Bachianas Brasileiras No. 2.
Scored for orchestra (1930). There are four movements, the third later transcribed for piano, and the others for cello and piano (Appleby 1988, 64–65).
Bachianas Brasileiras No. 3.
Scored for piano and orchestra (1938)
Bachianas Brasileiras No. 4.
Scored for piano (1930–41); orchestrated in 1942 (Preludio dedicated to Tomas Terán)
Bachianas Brasileiras No. 5.
Scored for soprano and orchestra of cellos (1938/45).
Bachianas Brasileiras No. 6.
Scored for flute and bassoon (1938)
Bachianas Brasileiras No. 7.
Scored for symphony orchestra (1942) (dedicated to Gustavo Capanevia)
Bachianas Brasileiras No. 8.
Scored for symphony orchestra (1944) (dedicated to Mindinha)
Bachianas Brasileiras No. 9.
Scored for chorus or string orchestra (1945)
Villa-Lobos made a number of recordings of the "Bachianas Brasileiras", including an integral recording of all nine compositions made in Paris for EMI in the 1950s, with the French National Orchestra and Victoria de los Ángeles as the soprano soloist in the no. 5. These landmark recordings were issued in several configurations on LP, and later were reissued on CD. Other musicians, including Joan Baez, Enrique Bátiz, Leonard Bernstein, Nelson Freire, Werner Janssen, Isaac Karabtchevsky, Jesús López-Cobos, Aldo Parisot, Menahem Pressler, Mstislav Rostropovich, Kenneth Schermerhorn, Felix Slatkin, Leopold Stokowski, Michael Tilson Thomas, and Galina Vishnevskaya have subsequently recorded the music.
Because Villa-Lobos dashed off compositions in feverish haste and preferred writing new pieces to revising and correcting already completed ones, numerous slips of the pen, miscalculations, impracticalities or even impossibilities, imprecise notations, uncertainty in specification of instruments, and other problems inescapably remain in the printed scores of the "Bachianas", and require performers to take unusual care to decipher what the composer actually intended. In the frequent cases where both the score and the parts are wrong, the recordings made by the composer are the only means of determining what the composer actually intended (Round 1989, 35).

</doc>
<doc id="5859090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859090" title="Pizza farm">
Pizza farm

A pizza farm is an educational visitor attraction consisting of a small farm on a circular region of land partitioned into plots shaped like pizza wedges. 
The farm's segments produce ingredients that can be used in pizza, such as wheat for the crust, tomatoes or herbs, pork for pepperoni, dairy cows for cheese, and even trees for pizza oven firewood. Certain farms may even have access to coal or natural gas deposits that can be used as alternative pizza oven heating fuels. Many of the newer pizza farms are experimenting with alternative energy, such as installing wind turbines in the fields, to be more green. According to a 2005 article in USA Today, there are several such farms in the United States.
Specific pizza farms.
The "R" Pizza Farm, a pizza farm near Dow, Illinois, has been the subject of multiple news stories.
The Cobb Ranch Pizza Farm near Fresno, California, established in 1991, is possibly the oldest pizza farm in the U.S.
The Pizza Farm UK near York is the first UK Pizza Farm.

</doc>
<doc id="5859097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859097" title="Stuttgart Stadtbahn">
Stuttgart Stadtbahn

The Stuttgart Stadtbahn is a light rail system in Stuttgart, Germany. The Stadtbahn began service on 28 September 1985. It is operated by the Stuttgarter Straßenbahnen AG (SSB), which also operates the bus systems in that city. The system covers much of Stuttgart and also reaches the neighbouring towns of Remseck am Neckar, Fellbach, Ostfildern, Leinfelden-Echterdingen and Gerlingen (clockwise). Currently, the Stuttgart Stadtbahn system is made up of thirteen main lines (U1-U9 and U12-U15) and two special event lines (U11 & U19), serving 200 stations, and operating on of route. In 2012, the Stuttgart Stadtbahn carried 170.7 million passengers.
Lines.
, the Stuttgart Stadtbahn system is made up of thirteen main lines (U1-U9 and U12-U15) and two special event lines (U11 & U19):
History.
Stuttgart Stadtbahn, now all standard gauge (), developed out of a traditional tramway system, which in Stuttgart was metre gauge.
In 1961 the city council of Stuttgart decided that a general modernization of the municipal tram system was needed; in central areas, the tram should be relocated underground, and in peripheral areas it should get new tracks that would be separate from road traffic. Concurrent proposals for a new completely underground subway (U-Bahn) were rejected in 1976. At the same time it was decided to enhance modernization of the existing tram in combination with a change from metre gauge to standard gauge. For this reason, Stuttgart made the intermediate effort of rebuilding almost all its tracks with mixed-gauge, on which old streetcars (SSB GT4, built 1959–1965) could run as well as new metro cars (SSB DT 8, in regular service since 1985).
Current light rail system.
The Stadtbahn system runs over of rail track, and of rail line. (The Stuttgart rail system also encompasses a funicular (Line 10), a cable car (Line 20), and a weekend heritage streetcar line (Line 21).) In the city centre as well as in other densely built-up districts of the city, the Stadtbahn runs underground. The Stadtbahn uses the "U" logo like the underground systems "(U-Bahnen)" in other German cities. However, here the "U" does not stand for "untergrund" (underground) but for "unabhängig" (independent, meaning independent of other traffic infrastructure). Outside the densely built up areas, the Stadtbahn runs on the surface, often along roads with level crossings, though on a separate right-of-way. In a few places, Stadtbahn trains run on street sharing space with other traffic.
Light rail vehicles.
The system is operated with 169 cars, operates on standard gauge track, and is electrified at 750 volts DC. On December, 8th, 2007 the ongoing replacement of the city's tram lines was finally completed after 27 years.
Color.
Since the coat of arms of Stuttgart shows a "black", rampant horse on a "yellow" or golden field, the Stuttgart Stadtbahn (as well as all the buses and the last old trams) comes in yellow with black or dark blue window frames.
Hours of operation.
The Stuttgart Stadtbahn operates from 04:00 - 01:00.
Most routes are served by two or more lines in the city centre, so there is a train every few minutes at most stations.
Fares and ticketing.
The Stadtbahn is part of the regional transport cooperative, the Transit and Tariff Association Stuttgart (VVS), which coordinates tickets and fares among all transport operators in the metropolitan area. Besides the Stadtbahn, these include the SSB's bus networks, together with the Stuttgart S-Bahn, operated by a subsidiary of Deutsche Bahn AG (DBAG), and DBAG's RegionalBahn regional train services within the VVS area.

</doc>
<doc id="5859104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859104" title="Polen (album)">
Polen (album)

Polen was the fourth studio album of Lynda Thomas, and was released in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5859108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859108" title="Texas Giant">
Texas Giant

The New Texas Giant is a steel roller coaster located at Six Flags Over Texas in Arlington, Texas. The ride opened in 2011 after an 18-month refurbishment of the former "Texas Giant" wooden roller coaster. Manufactured by Rocky Mountain Construction, the "New Texas Giant" stands tall and features a 79° drop stretching . The ride also features multiple turns banked up to 115° and over of track.
The original "Texas Giant" was manufactured by Dinn Corporation and designed by Curtis D. Summers. For more than a decade after its opening in 1990, the "Texas Giant" remained popular, ranking in the Golden Ticket Awards as the number one wooden roller coaster in 1998 and 1999. However, throughout the 2000s the ride's popularity declined as a result of the ride becoming rougher. Despite maintenance attempts by the park, Six Flags Over Texas announced the ride's closure in 2009. Much of the original wooden structure was kept, with the track being replaced with steel.
After the ride's relaunch in 2011 as the "New Texas Giant", its popularity returned, winning "Amusement Today"'s Golden Ticket Award for Best New Ride of 2011 and ranking highly in industry polls. On July 19, 2013, a woman died after falling from the ride, resulting in modifications and additions to the ride's restraint system.
History.
The "Texas Giant" was originally constructed by Dinn Corporation, with Curtis D. Summers as the designer. The ride was made up of over of wood. The trains were manufactured by Philadelphia Toboggan Coasters. The "Texas Giant" officially opened on March 17, 1990. At opening, the ride was the world's tallest wooden roller coaster, standing high.
Following the ride's opening the ride had several modifications and renovations. This included reprofiling parts of the ride, shortening the seven-car trains to six-car trains, and performing maintenance on the wooden track. Six Flags Over Texas performed over of trackwork on the ride in the 2008-2009 offseason, with the ultimate aim of improving the ride's smoothness. Although the maintenance did improve the ride, park officials needed a more permanent solution. Initial speculation indicated the ride would be removed entirely from the park; however, Six Flags Over Texas denied any intention or consideration to do so. In March 2009, the park announced the closure of "Texas Giant" prior to a $10 million renovation. Following Fright Fest for that year, the ride closed on November 1, 2009.
Renovations began almost immediately and involved the removal of the all of the wooden track and modifications to some of the support structure. On March 3, 2010, Six Flags Over Texas and Rocky Mountain Construction (RMC) unveiled the steel I-Box track which would be used on the refurbished ride. The track was developed over the course of three years by RMC owner Fred Grubb, and Ride Centerline, LLC engineers Alan Schilke and Dody Bachtar. The steel track was designed to be 
a replacement for any existing wooden track structure, with the rail shape, approximate weight, and dimensions remaining the same. Schilke designed the layout for the "New Texas Giant", giving specifications to Grubb for manufacturing at RMC's Idaho plant. There, two-dimensional plates of steel were machine welded to form the three-dimensional track parts. The redevelopment saw much of the track get reprofiled; the lift hill was increased by , the first drop was steepened to 79 degrees, and several overbanked turns (ranging from 90° to 115°) were added. The renovated ride, dubbed the "New Texas Giant", reopened on April 4, 2011.
2013 Accident.
On July 19, 2013, a 52-year-old woman fell to her death while riding the "New Texas Giant". A park official released a statement saying, "We are committed to determining the cause of this tragic accident and will utilize every resource throughout this process...When we have new information to provide, we will do so. Our thoughts, prayers and full support remain with the family." The ride was closed indefinitely pending further investigation. On September 10, 2013, Six Flags Over Texas released a statement stating that the park has finished its investigation on the recent incident, with several parties ruling out mechanical failure. The "New Texas Giant" reopened on September 14, 2013 with all three trains featuring re-designed restraint bar pads and seat belts. The incident saw Six Flags introduce seat belts as secondary restraints on other roller coasters within their chain.
Characteristics.
As the name suggests, "New Texas Giant" is located within the Texas section of Six Flags Over Texas. It was Rocky Mountain Construction's first installation of I-Box track. "New Texas Giant" operates with three trains manufactured by Gerstlauer. The trains are themed to 1961 Cadillac Sevilles. Each train is made up of six cars, each seating riders in two rows of two. Riders are restrained through the use of an individual hydraulic lap bar and a seat belt.
The table below compares the original "Texas Giant", with the updated "New Texas Giant" ride. The original ride by Dinn Corporation was smaller than its Rocky Mountain Construction counterpart. As a result, the refurbished ride features a steeper and longer first drop, and thus achieves a faster speed. Additionally, a 540° helix after the mid-course brake run was converted into a 180° turnaround resulting in the track length of the ride being shortened by approximately .
Ride experience.
The "New Texas Giant" begins with a right turn out of the station. This leads directly to a chain lift hill. Once at the top, riders drop at an angle of 78°. A double up leads into a 90° overbanked turn, a dip and a 95° overbanked turn. Another dip and rise leads the train into a 115° overbanked turn. The exit from the overbanked turn leads into a small air-time hill, which delivers the greatest negative g-force on the ride, before ascending up into the mid-course brake run. The train drops from the brake run and continues through a series of low-to-the-ground air-time hills and directional changes. This runs through three separate tunnels, finishing with the final brake run and short path back to the station.
Reception.
The original "Texas Giant" was well received, though its popularity had declined towards the end of its operation. Following its 2010 renovation, the ride's popularity returned.
In "Amusement Today"'s Golden Ticket Awards "Texas Giant" ranked as the number one wooden roller coaster for 1998 and 1999. Its ranking slowly declined to position 32 in 2009, its final year of operation as a wooden roller coaster. Following its 2010 renovation, the "New Texas Giant" again ranked highly in the Golden Ticket Awards (this time amongst steel roller coasters), achieving ranks of 6 and 5 in 2011 and 2012, respectively. The ride also won a Golden Ticket Award for being the Best New Ride of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5859112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859112" title="Chunibala Devi">
Chunibala Devi

Chunibala Devi was an Indian character actress immortalized in Satyajit Ray's "Pather Panchali", where she played the old aunt, Indir Thakrun, to Apu and Durga.
Formerly a theatre actress, Chunibala Devi made her film debut with Bigraha in 1930, though after her second film, Rikta in 1939 she retired. She was brought out of her retirement at the age of 80 by Satyajit Ray to act in the pivotal role of her career. She became the first Indian to win an award in the best actor/actress category in an international film festival - The Manila Film festival, for her role of Indir Thakrun.
She died in Kolkata, of influenza, in the year 1955, before the release of Pather Panchali.

</doc>
<doc id="5859116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859116" title="Mława pogrom">
Mława pogrom

The Mława pogrom was a series of violent incidents in June 1991 when a rioting mob attacked Roma residents of the Polish town of Mława causing hundreds to flee in terror. The violence, described as motivated by racism and jealousy, received editorial condemnation from international media.
Prelude.
On 23 June 1991, seventeen-year old Roman Packowski hit and seriously injured two young pedestrians while driving. Unlike both of the victims, the driver of the car was of Romani ethnicity. Soon after the accident the local radio station claimed the driver had fled the scene. This claim was in fact true; however, the driver only fled after people who witnessed the scene indicated that they wanted to "administer justice" there and then.[http://www.errc.org/cikk.php?cikk=1127] 
For the next two days the driver and his car were hidden among the local Roma community.
Two weeks later 21-year old Jaroslaw Pinczewski would die from his injuries. The other victim, seventeen-year old Katarzyna Zakrzewska, suffered permanent physical incapacitation.
Events of June 26.
Two days later some sixty Mława youths targeted and destroyed the house of a local Roma leader. The assailants quickly grew in number and began burning other Roma homes. Estimates put the number of participants in the violence from one hundred to two hundred. Some Roma found protection at the local police station. The pogrom lasted five days. A total of 17 Roma houses were destroyed and further 4 houses and 9 apartments were vandalized, but no members of the Roma community were hurt. The crowd apparently targeted wealthier Roma and their estates. It was stopped when police brought additional forces and imposed a curfew.
Legacy.
Polish media has been heavily criticised for its poor reporting of the attacks and for failing to present the issues in a wider societal context. A notable exception was former political dissident Adam Michnik, who writing in "Gazeta Wyborcza" castigated the police and political authorities for their inaction. The paper also demanded 'official action against ethnic hatred'. As a result, a number of political parties and academic institutions belatedly condemned the pogrom.
The eruption of ethnic violence at Mława in 1991 has been described as 'the renewal of anti-Gypsy racism in Poland'. It was directly linked to a significant rise in Polish Roma asylum applications in the United Kingdom and Sweden, shortly after.
Afterwards, 21 persons were brought to court, and 17 were sentenced for up to 30 months in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="5859119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859119" title="Thorla-McKee Well">
Thorla-McKee Well

The Thorla-McKee Well in Noble County, Ohio was the first oil-producing well in North America according to the Ohio Historical Society.
Dedicated in 1992 by the Noble County Department of Tourism and the Ohio Historical Society, a designation marker sits within of Caldwell, Ohio to recognize the site. The plaque reads: 
After the Thorla-McKee well, other wells drilled for salt brine in Kentucky and West Virginia also produced oil and gas as byproducts. The Drake Well, drilled in Pennsylvania in 1859, is generally recognized as the first well in the United States drilled for oil itself.

</doc>
<doc id="5859138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859138" title="State Auditor of Missouri">
State Auditor of Missouri

The State Auditor of Missouri is an elected official responsible for serving as the State of Missouri's chief fiscal regulator, conducting financial and performance audits for approximately 200 state agencies, boards, and commissions, and the state's judicial branch. The State Auditor also conducts audits for county and city governments lacking their own auditor or when requested by citizen petition. The State Auditor serves a four-year term, and is the only state Executive Branch official elected in even-numbered non-presidential election years. The current State Auditor, Tom Schweich was elected in 2010, and is eligible for reelection in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5859170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859170" title="Jennifer Cashmore">
Jennifer Cashmore

Jennifer Lilian Adamson-Cashmore (born 5 December 1937) is a former Australian politician. She was a Liberal Party member of the South Australian House of Assembly between 1977 and 1993, representing the eastern suburbs seat of Coles (Morialta since 2002).
Once dubbed the 'green conscience' of the Liberal Party, Cashmore was the first member to raise questions about the financial viability of the State Bank before the 1989 state election.

</doc>
<doc id="5859172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859172" title="Expo 2015">
Expo 2015

Expo 2015 is the next scheduled Universal Exposition after Expo 2012, and will be hosted by Milan, Italy, between 1 May and 31 October 2015. This will be the second occasion; the city previously hosted in 1906 after 109 years. On November 23, 2010, the event was officially announced by the International Exhibitions Bureau (BIE). The BIE General Assembly in Paris decided in favour of the Milanese candidature on March 31, 2008. Expo 2015 will be held under the theme "Feeding the planet, energy for life".
Theme.
The theme chosen for the 2015 Milan Universal Exposition is "Feeding the Planet, Energy for Life". This embraces technology, innovation, culture, traditions and creativity and how they relate to food and diet. Expo 2015 will further develop themes introduced in earlier Expos (e.g., water at Expo 2008 in Zaragoza) in the light of new global scenarios and emerging issues, with a principal focus on the right to healthy, secure and sufficient food for all the world’s inhabitants.
The concerns of many futurologists about the quality of food in the years to come are compounded by forecasts of increasing uncertainties regarding the quantities of food that will be available globally. These concerns, expressed early on in studies by MIT for the Club of Rome, were largely ignored at a time when it appeared that increases in resource availability would outstrip increases in consumption. However, the rapid depletion of agricultural surpluses has clearly manifested the urgency of the problem of how to Feed the Planet and prevent hunger.
Seven subthemes.
There are seven proposed sub-themes:
Bid history.
On 30 October 2006, during the session of the General Assembly of member countries of the BIE, held at their headquarters in Paris, Kazakhstan announced its intention to participate in the bidding process to host the World Exhibition at Milan in 2015. The winning candidate was selected by the BIE on 31 March 2008 in Paris.
Candidate cities.
The following cities bid to host Expo 2015:
Cities that did not actually bid.
The following cities had considered bidding to host Expo 2015:
Site.
The area that will be occupied by the Expo 2015 site is located northwest of Milan in the municipalities of Rho and Pero, and covers an area of . It is adjacent to the new Fiera Milano fairgrounds, designed by Massimiliano Fuksas, whose project may be considered the cornerstone of the urban redevelopment of the entire area. The zone had long been an industrial area before being converted to logistical and municipal services and agriculture. The fairgrounds and the Expo site will be connected by a pedestrian bridge adjacent to the Rho-Pero high-speed rail station.
The genesis of the Expo plan was a complex process, which may be divided into three different phases:
The chosen area is oblong in shape with an overall length of nearly , immediately suggesting the idea of a main axis conceived as a boulevard along which the pavilions would be located. The design of pools and waterways in and around the Expo area has been an element of primary importance in the three phases.
Initial plan.
The initial plan was characterized by the following principal elements:
A services area was planned near the main Expo site covering some 100 hectares and outfitted with hotels, parking facilities, stores, a convention centre, green areas and a business centre available for use by Expo participants, as well as a 12-hectare Expo village to house staff, volunteers, security personnel and administrative personnel.
Plans also called for the following thematic pavilions:
Concept plan.
The concept plan for the Expo 2015 site was presented on September 8, 2009. It was designed by a committee of four architects: Stefano Boeri, Richard Burdett, Mark Rylander and Jacques Herzog.
The main idea was to trace out within the area two distinct lines of demarcation, two avenues, a main avenue and a secondary avenue representing the ancient Roman layout comprising a cardo and a decumanus. The initial idea of a “classical” site composed of avenues and pavilions was replaced by the idea of a “light” Expo composed of exhibition areas arranged transversally with respect to the main boulevard. The exhibition areas are completely identical for each country and recreate the typical “food cycle” of each nation, from production to consumption. The centre of the avenue is occupied by a table in front of the country pavilions and extending for the entire length of the site. Here visitors would be able to sample the foods produced in the pavilion of each country. The entire area would be covered by large tent-like structures to convey the idea of a global marketplace.
A second idea was to build large bioclimatic greenhouses on the site to reproduce the earth’s principal environment types or biomes. These would function both as thematic pavilions and for the cultivation and production of basic foodstuffs used in the individual country pavilions. Each country would also be able to have a dedicated greenhouse within its specific exhibition area.
In this second version of the Expo site, water remained an important element but was shifted toward the exterior, no longer arranged in canals flowing through the pavilions, but as a large navigable canal surrounding the Expo site. A large lake was also included in the design.
Additional characteristic elements included:
Master plan.
The final master plan for the Expo site was delivered to the BIE during the registration ceremony of Expo Milan 2015 in Paris on April 30, 2010.
The final plan that was submitted to the BIE for approval was coordinated by Stefano Boeri. Currently available information suggests that the plan does not contradict the main ideas of the concept plan while adapting to the more classic exhibition standards of events of this type:
Participants.
Attendants to the Expo are expected to include over 140 countries plus a significant number of international organizations.
Country participation.
As part of the reciprocity protocol with Expo 2010 of Shanghai, on December 8, 2008, China was the first country to formalize its participation in Expo Milan 2015. The first country out of the reciprocity protocol to confirm its participation was Switzerland on February 3, 2011.
The following countries have confirmed participation:
The United States which has now signed intended to have a pavilion if could secure non-government funding. The United States moved forward with “Friends of the U.S. Pavilion Milano 2015,” our partner in the effort to build the USA Pavilion at the Milan Expo. This group must now raise the necessary private funds to sponsor the USA Pavilion. In partnership with The James Beard Foundation and the International Culinary Center, and in association with the American Chamber of Commerce in Italy, the Friends group will work for a vibrant U.S. presence at the Milan Expo. Its goal is to use state-of-the-art digital media and other novel approaches to showcase American leadership and innovation in global food security, agriculture, and cuisine and lay the seeds for enhanced trade and investment between the United States and Italy in this sector, so important to the cultural heritage of both nations.
Collaboration agreements.
In preparation for the upcoming event, the City of Milan has signed numerous collaboration agreements with other cities in Italy and Europe in order to coordinate initiatives united by the common denominator of Expo 2015. These agreements focus principally on tourism, culture and infrastructure.
Agreements have also been signed with various countries around the world for the development of specific projects associated with food and education.

</doc>
<doc id="5859192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859192" title="Golden Gate Academy">
Golden Gate Academy

Golden Gate Academy was founded in 1923 as a Seventh-day Adventist school on Alcatraz Avenue in Berkeley, California. It remained there for 23 years until it moved to its current position in the Oakland Hills next to Holy Names College in 1949.
The Northern California Conference of the Adventist church closed down Golden Gate Academy for lack of enrollment. The grounds are now used as a private arts school. The nearest K-10 Adventist school to GGA is San Francisco Adventist School, located near City College of SF. 

</doc>
<doc id="5859193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859193" title="Mike O'Donnell">
Mike O'Donnell

Mike O'Donnell (born 10 March 1952) is an English film and television composer and bass guitarist.
He co-wrote the scores for the children's television series "Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends" (between 1984 and 2003) and "Tugs", and the score for the films "That Summer of White Roses", "" and "October 32nd" with Junior Campbell. Together the two also wrote all of the Thomas songs between 1984 and 2003.
At some point O'Donnell and Campbell signed to the same publisher. They have also collaborated on writing television jingles, which continued after leaving their bands.
O'Donnell started his career at The Beatles Apple Studios and is married to Barbara Bennett, former secretary of The Beatles.
He also joined a band called "Gold" with ex-Jonesy members Jamie Kaleth and Richard Thomas and guitarist Martin Lawrence who, despite having no hits, sold a number of singles such as "Stay with Me My Love" and "Paradise".

</doc>
<doc id="5859204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859204" title="Vanishing cycle">
Vanishing cycle

In mathematics, vanishing cycles are studied in singularity theory and other parts of algebraic geometry. They are those homology cycles of a smooth fiber in a family which vanish in the singular fiber. 
For example, in a map from a connected complex surface to the complex projective line, a generic fiber is a smooth Riemann surface of some fixed genus g and, generically, there will be isolated points in the target whose preimages are nodal curves. If you consider an isolated critical value and a small loop around it, in each fiber, one can find a smooth loop such that the singular fiber can be obtained by pinching that loop to a point. The loop in the smooth fibers gives an element of the first homology group of a surface, and the monodromy of the critical value is defined to be the monodromy of the first homology of the fibers as the loop is traversed, i.e. an invertible map of the first homology of a (real) surface of genus g.
A classical result is the Picard–Lefschetz formula, detailing how the monodromy round the singular fiber acts on the vanishing cycles, by a shear mapping.
The classical, geometric theory of Solomon Lefschetz was recast in purely algebraic terms, in SGA7. This was for the requirements of its application in the context of l-adic cohomology; and eventual application to the Weil conjectures. There the definition uses derived categories, and looks very different. It involves a functor, the "nearby cycle functor", with a definition by means of the higher direct image and pullbacks. The "vanishing cycle functor" then sits in a distinguished triangle with the nearby cycle functor and a more elementary functor. This formulation has been of continuing influence, in particular in D-module theory.

</doc>
<doc id="5859228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859228" title="Beat the System">
Beat the System

Beat the System is the seventh studio release of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released in 1985.
It is the first album to feature John Lawry on keyboards, although he only joined towards the end of the recording process; his contributions were limited to some overdubs on the songs "Beat the System", "Clean" and "Adonai". Most of the keyboards on the album, as well as all the bass and drum parts, were performed by session musician Carl Marsh; Petra members Mark Kelly (bass) and Louie Weaver (drums) did not perform on the album. Fairlight programmer Rhett Lawrence added some elements to "Clean" and "Hollow Eyes". Carl Marsh's programming, under the direction of producer Jonathan David Brown, veered the sound of the album more in the techno-rock genre of music.
It is also the last studio album to feature the vocals of Greg X. Volz.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.
Track Information.
The album includes the band's second cover of "God Gave Rock and Roll to You", the first being on 1977's "Come and Join Us". While the album credits Argent's Russ Ballard as sole songwriter this version, like the earlier version, contains lyrics not heard in the original Argent version.
Guitarist Bob Hartman stated that the recordings of some songs were left unfinished for the album and subsequently never released.

</doc>
<doc id="5859245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859245" title="Wyoming Commemorative Association">
Wyoming Commemorative Association

Wyoming Commemorative Association was founded in 1878 to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Wyoming (also known as the Wyoming Valley Massacre). This American Revolutionary War battle was fought on July 3, 1778, near Wilkes-Barre in present day Exeter, Pennsylvania.
History.
The Association was informally organized in 1877 to prepare for the centennial anniversary of the battle. Organizers of the events gathered on January 1, 1878 on the recently excavated foundation of the original fort at Forty Fort, the site from where the American defenders had departed on the day of the fateful battle in 1778. In 1928, the sesquicentennial of the battle was elaborately celebrated both at the monument as well as throughout the community.
The Association's first observance was held on July 3, 1878, drawing a crowd of more than 50,000 people to hear the main speaker for the event, U. S. President Rutherford B. Hayes. During the three-day visit, President Hayes was accompanied by the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury John Sherman, as well as the U. S. Attorney General Charles Devens. Over a quarter of a century later, President Theodore Roosevelt visited the Wyoming Monument during a tour of Wyoming Valley in 1905. On May 28, 2013, former President Jimmy Carter gave a speech at the Monument.
19th Century speakers.
Each year since 1878, the Wyoming Commemorative Association has hosted a major observance on the grounds of the Wyoming Monument to pay tribute to the famed battle. Hereditary and military organizations place floral tributes at the foot of the monument and the 24th Connecticut Militia (Revolutionary War reenactors) present a volley tribute. Many members of the Association represent some of the leading families of the greater Wilkes-Barre area as well as descendants of those who fought in the battle. Frank E.P. Conyngham has served as president of the association since 1990. 
A number of prominent speakers have addressed the annual program, including Rev. Thomas K. Beecher, D.D., brother of famed writer and abolitionist Harriet Beecher Stowe in 1895; Francis W. Halsey of the New York Times in 1898 and Dr. John Howard Harris President of Bucknell University in 1899.
20th Century speakers.
Dr. William Elliot Griffis in 1903; History Professor Dr. Albert Bushnell Hart of Harvard University in 1906; Hon. Simeon Eben Baldwin in 1907; Pulitzer Prize winner Claude Halstead Van Tyne of the University of Michigan in 1909; Hon. John E. Potter in 1916; Pennsylvania State Librarian and Director of the State Museum of Pennsylvania Frederic A. Godcharles in 1923; Willis Fletcher Johnson diplomatic writer for the New York Tribune in 1925; University of Pennsylvania dean William E. Lingelbach in 1930; Arthur C. Parker in 1931; historian and Union College President Dixon Ryan Fox in 1934; historian, Princeton University librarian and editor of the Susquehannah Company Papers Julian P. Boyd in 1936; Pulitzer Prize winning author Roy Franklin Nichols in 1937; Pulitzer Prize winner Lawrence Henry Gipson in 1941; former Pennsylvania governor Arthur James in 1947; Lafayette College President Ralph Cooper Hutchison in 1951; Julian P. Boyd, editor of the Papers of Thomas Jefferson in 1958; Pennsylvania Supreme Court Justice Benjamin R. Jones in 1959; Congressman Francis Walter in 1960; Hon. William Scranton in 1961; Wilkes University President Eugene Farley in 1963; U.S. Senator Hugh Scott in 1969; Congressman Daniel J. Flood in 1973; Major General Joseph Perugino of the 28th Infantry of the Pennsylvania National Guard in 1995; and Dr. Michael MacDowell, President of Misericordia University in 1999.
21st Century speakers.
Theodore Roosevelt's great-grandson Tweed Roosevelt, who spoke at the Association's 2005 observance, which celebrated Roosevelt's visit to the Monument in 1905. The principal speaker at the 2010 observance was Denise Dennis, author and collateral descendant of Revolutionary War soldier Gershom Prince, an African American patriot who was killed during the Battle of Wyoming. On July 4, 2011, the Association held their annual observance, which included a rededication of the Wyoming Monument following its extensive restoration. In 2012, the keynote speaker for the observance was Dr. William V. Lewis, Jr., Commissioner of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. In 2013, the commemoration speaker was Professor John Frantz, Professor Emeritus of American History at The Pennsylvania State University In May of 2013, at a privately sponsored event at the Monument, former U. S. President Jimmy Carter gave an address on the Monument grounds. 
The Association publishes an annual "Proceedings", which is widely distributed both to its membership and to historic research libraries.

</doc>
<doc id="5859246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859246" title="Telephony application server">
Telephony application server

The term telephony application server refers to an entity in a telephone network that carries out functions that are not directly related to the routing of messages through the network.
Such functions can include in-network answering machines, 800 (freephone) numbers, automatic call forwarding, conference bridges and many other types of application. In integrated telephone networks, these are mostly implemented as functions in the telephone exchange, but in more open networks such as IP telephony networks based on the SIP protocol, these are often separate computers.
In contexts where it is obvious that one is talking about telephony, such as RFC 3057, one often just calls them "application servers"; this is also common in the context of SIP (for instance in RFC 4240), because proponents argue that SIP is applicable to a much wider range of applications than just telephony.
The application server provides call-termination or subscriber-independent applications. These include such capabilities as local number portability, free-call routing resolution, conference bridge services, and unified messaging. The PSTN versions of these applications are frequently known as 800 numbers in North America. The subscriber has to explicitly place a call to the application server.
Application server applications are of two general types, those that are signaling only, and those that involve media manipulation. The former are often related to routing resolution -- local number portability, free-call routing, and other services where the dialed number must be translated to a routable address. An example involving media manipulation would be conference bridge applications, something with which most business people are very familiar. The call steps include

</doc>
<doc id="5859250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859250" title="Linotype-Hell DaVinci">
Linotype-Hell DaVinci

Linotype-Hell DaVinci was an image manipulation program targeted at the repro and print shop markets. It originally ran on proprietary hardware, but was later ported to Silicon Graphics workstations. The first version was released in 1993, and it continued to see regular releases until Heidelberg acquired Linotype-Hell in 1997. Heidelberg continued to update the software a few times before it was discontinued in April 2001.
Development.
Hardware.
DaVinci originally ran on proprietary "Power" workstations with dual 68040 or 88110 processors and several custom ASICs. Later it was ported to SGI IRIX based "Sprint" systems. Optional hardware included a high-speed FDDI interface and a second Ethernet controller.
The DaVinci name was the second choice during its development. Internally it was known as "Chagall", named after the artist. However, permission could not be obtained to use his name. In the early days of Photoshop and Apple Macintosh hardware, rotation and scaling of large digital images taxed those machines to the limit, often taking several minutes to complete. In a high-end colour shop the Davinci performed these manipulations and many others with ease and in seconds, especially on the proprietary hardware. It was also equipped with a calibrated colour monitor.

</doc>
<doc id="5859260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859260" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cleveland">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cleveland

<onlyinclude> This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Cleveland, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. , there are 18 sites designated within this Area of Search, of which 12 have been designated due to their biological interest, 4 due to their geological interest, and 2 (Durham Coast and Redcar Rocks) for both.
</includeonly></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="5859269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859269" title="List of Anyphaenidae species">
List of Anyphaenidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Anyphaenidae as of Nov. 1, 2013.
Acanthoceto.
"Acanthoceto" Mello-Leitão, 1944
Aljassa.
"Aljassa" Brescovit, 1997
Amaurobioides.
"Amaurobioides" O. P.-Cambridge, 1883
Anyphaena.
"Anyphaena" Sundevall, 1833
Anyphaenoides.
"Anyphaenoides" Berland, 1913
Arachosia.
"Arachosia" O. P.-Cambridge, 1882
Araiya.
"Araiya" Ramírez, 2003
Australaena.
"Australaena" Berland, 1942
Axyracrus.
"Axyracrus" Simon, 1884
Aysenia.
"Aysenia" Tullgren, 1902
Aysenoides.
"Aysenoides" Ramírez, 2003
Aysha.
"Aysha" Keyserling, 1891
Bromelina.
"Bromelina" Brescovit, 1993
Buckupiella.
"Buckupiella" Brescovit, 1997
Coptoprepes.
"Coptoprepes" Simon, 1884
Ferrieria.
"Ferrieria" Tullgren, 1901
Gamakia.
"Gamakia" Ramírez, 2003
Gayenna.
"Gayenna" Nicolet, 1849
Gayennoides.
"Gayennoides" Ramírez, 2003
Hatitia.
"Hatitia" Brescovit, 1997
Hibana.
"Hibana" Brescovit, 1991
Iguarima.
"Iguarima" Brescovit, 1997
Ilocomba.
"Ilocomba" Brescovit, 1997
Isigonia.
"Isigonia" Simon, 1897
Italaman.
"Italaman" Brescovit, 1997
Jessica.
"Jessica" Brescovit, 1997
Josa.
"Josa" Keyserling, 1891
Katissa.
"Katissa" Brescovit, 1997
Lepajan.
"Lepajan" Brescovit, 1993
Lupettiana.
"Lupettiana" Brescovit, 1997
Macrophyes.
"Macrophyes" O. P.-Cambridge, 1893
Malenella.
"Malenella" Ramírez, 1995
Mesilla.
"Mesilla" Simon, 1903
Monapia.
"Monapia" Simon, 1897
Negayan.
"Negayan" Ramírez, 2003
Osoriella.
"Osoriella" Mello-Leitão, 1922
Otoniela.
"Otoniela" Brescovit, 1997
Oxysoma.
"Oxysoma" Nicolet, 1849
Patrera.
"Patrera" Simon, 1903
Phidyle.
"Phidyle" Simon, 1880
Philisca.
"Philisca" Simon, 1884
Pippuhana.
"Pippuhana" Brescovit, 1997
Sanogasta.
"Sanogasta" Mello-Leitão, 1941
Selknamia.
"Selknamia" Ramírez, 2003
Sillus.
"Sillus" F. O. P.-Cambridge, 1900
Tafana.
"Tafana" Simon, 1903
Tasata.
"Tasata" Simon, 1903
Temnida.
"Temnida" Simon, 1896
Teudis.
"Teudis" O. P.-Cambridge, 1896
Thaloe.
"Thaloe" Brescovit, 1993
Timbuka.
"Timbuka" Brescovit, 1997
Tomopisthes.
"Tomopisthes" Simon, 1884
Umuara.
"Umuara" Brescovit, 1997
Wulfila.
"Wulfila" O. P.-Cambridge, 1895
Wulfilopsis.
"Wulfilopsis" Soares & Camargo, 1955
Xiruana.
"Xiruana" Brescovit, 1997

</doc>
<doc id="5859274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859274" title="Christopher Connelly (actor)">
Christopher Connelly (actor)

Christopher Connelly (September 8, 1941 – December 7, 1988) was an American actor best known for his role as Norman Harrington in the successful prime time ABC soap opera "Peyton Place". He stayed with the series during its entire five-year run (1964–1969).
Career.
In addition to his aforementioned series-long run on ABC's "Peyton Place", Connelly guest-starred in 1973 on Lorne Greene's short-lived ABC crime drama "Griff", and in 1974, he starred in the television series "Paper Moon", with a young Jodie Foster playing his daughter. The series was based on the film of the same name but was cancelled after only a few months. The film version had starred Connelly's former "Peyton Place" costar Ryan O'Neal - who had played Connelly's brother in the soap opera - and O'Neal's daughter Tatum O'Neal.
In 1964, he appeared in an episode of Gunsmoke with George Kennedy. In 1977, Connelly portrayed Kit Carson in the episode "Kit Carson and the Mountain Man" of NBC's "Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color". Gregg Palmer portrayed Jim Bridger in the two-part segment, and Robert Reed played John Charles Fremont. Gary Lockwood also appeared in the program.
He also released a long-playing record of his singing entitled "The Boy from Peyton Place" on Phillips Records.
Later career and death.
In the 1980s, Connelly made numerous appearances in Italian B-movies such as Ruggero Deodato's "The Atlantis Interceptors" and Bruno Mattei's "Strike Commando". He also made guest appearances on dozens of television series, such as "The Brian Keith Show" and the miniseries, "The Martian Chronicles." Following a two-year battle with lung cancer, Connelly died at home in December 1988, and was buried at Forest Lawn in Hollywood Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="5859278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859278" title="Len King">
Len King

Leonard James King, AC, QC (1 May 1925 – 23 June 2011) was an Australian politician, lawyer and judge.
Political career.
King was an Australian Labor Party member of the South Australian House of Assembly between 1970 and 1975, representing the eastern suburbs electorate of Coles. King was appointed to various ministerial portfolios in his career, including Aboriginal Affairs, Social Welfare, Community Welfare, and Prices & Consumer Affairs. In modern South Australian history, he is one of the few newly elected members of Parliament that have been appointed straight to a Cabinet position without any previous parliamentary experience.
Legal career.
King was the Attorney-General during the reformist Don Dunstan government, from 1970 until 1975.
Judicial career.
King was a puisne justice of the Supreme Court of South Australia from 20 June 1975 until his promotion to Chief Justice on 30 October 1978. He retired on the 28th of April 1995. King worked until his death as a part-time mediator and sometimes as an Acting Justice of the Supreme Court of South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5859300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859300" title="Weilrod">
Weilrod

Weilrod is a municipality made up of several villages in the northwest Hochtaunuskreis lying in the Weil Valley in Hesse, Germany.
Geography.
Location.
Weilrod lies north of the crest of the Taunus, from 210 to 600 m above sea level. The nearest bigger towns are Limburg (25 km) in the west, Wetzlar (30 km) in the north, Wiesbaden (35 km) in the south and Frankfurt am Main (35 km) in the southeast.
Neighbouring communities.
Weilrod borders in the north on the communities of Weilmünster (Limburg-Weilburg) and Grävenwiesbach, in the east on the town of Usingen, in the south on the communities of Schmitten (all in the Hochtaunuskreis) and Waldems (Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis), and in the west on the town of Bad Camberg and the community of Selters (both in Limburg-Weilburg).
Constituent communities.
The community has 13 centres named Altweilnau, Cratzenbach, Emmershausen, Finsternthal, Gemünden, Hasselbach, Mauloff, Niederlauken, Neuweilnau, Oberlauken, Rod an der Weil, Riedelbach and Winden.
History.
The earliest written record of a village in the area is of Mauloff ("Mulefo") in 1156. The imposing round tower at the castle ruins in Altweilnau has been dated to about 1200.
The merger of the individual communities into the greater community of Weilrod took place in 1972.
Community's name.
The name Weilrod stems on the one hand from the river Weil, a brook that forms Weilrod's and neighbouring Schmitten's landscape, and on the other hand from the German word "Roden" – "clearing".
Both these name stems are also found in constituent communities' names:
The village of Mauloff has a rather interesting name origin, according to the local lore, anyway. Since the name Mauloff does not fit any usual German name pattern, it affords wonderful fodder for legends and quaint stories. One of these stories holds that the village was originally nameless, and that to give it a name, the mayor called a meeting, deciding beforehand that the first word out of anyone's mouth would be the village's new name. Those gathered for the meeting, however, sat there without uttering a word. At last, the mayor ran out of patience and shouted ""Maul off!"" (roughly "Mouth open!" "ie" "Say something!", using "Maul" – more commonly the zoological word for mouth – and "off", a variant of "auf").
Mauloff had its first documentary mention in 1156 as "Mulefo", a stopping place on the mediaeval road through the heights, the "Rennstraße".
Politics.
Municipal council.
The municipal elections on 26 March 2006 yielded the following results:
Note: FWG is a citizens' coalition.
Economy.
During the economic boom in the 1950s, the villages that now make up Weilrod were a favourite local recreation area for people who lived in the nearby Frankfurt Rhein-Main Region. Since then, tourism has dropped off noticeably. Nevertheless, the landscape in the municipal area attracts hikers and cyclists, for which a certain amount of credit must go to the "Weiltalweg", a trail through the Weil Valley.
The loudspeaker manufacturer Canton Elektronik GmbH was founded in Weilrod and still has its headquarters there. Other companies in the community are Mania (tool technology) and AZ (Armaturen-Zimmermann, founded in Hasselbach).

</doc>
<doc id="5859305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859305" title="Knickerbocker Theatre (Broadway)">
Knickerbocker Theatre (Broadway)

The Knickerbocker Theatre, previously known as Abbey's Theatre and Henry Abbey's Theatre, was a Broadway theatre located at 1396 Broadway (West 38th Street) in New York City. It operated from 1893 to 1930. In 1906, the theatre introduced the first moving electrical sign on Broadway to advertise its productions.
History.
The 1500-seat theatre was designed by the architect firm of J. B. McElfatrick & Co. It opened as Abbey's Theatre, named after Broadway theatre manager and producer Henry Eugene Abbey, on November 8, 1893 with a production of the melodrama "The Countess Valeska". In the mid-1890s, Lillian Russell starred at the theatre. 
Following Abbey's death in 1896, Al Hayman and the Theatrical Syndicate group took control of the theatre and rechristened it the Knickerbocker. In its early years, the theatre hosted productions of Shakespeare's plays and Edwardian musical comedy. Several of Victor Herbert's operettas premièred there. In 1906, the theatre introduced the first moving electrical sign on Broadway with an advertisement for its production of Herbert's "The Red Mill". Operettas by European composers, such as "The Dollar Princess" and "The Merry Widow" also played there.
After World War I, the theatre continued to present a mixture of musicals, new plays and classics. Following the Wall Street Crash of 1929, the theatre closed. It was demolished in 1930, along with the nearby Casino Theatre, to make way for the expanding Garment District.

</doc>
<doc id="5859310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859310" title="Creepmime">
Creepmime

Creepmime were a Dutch death metal band active from 1991 to 1997, and recorded two full-length albums, both on Mascot Records.
History.
The band was formed in 1991 in Leiden, eventually settling on a line-up consisting of Rogier Hakkaart, Andy Judd, Marja Koelewijn, en Gerrit Koekebakker. In February 1992, the band recorded a metal demo titled "Anthems for a Doomed Youth", which led to a record deal with Mascot Records. In August 1993, after the rhythm section was replaced, the debut album "Shadows" was recorded. Creepmime played in support of Cynic in the Netherlands and briefly toured the Netherlands with them.
In 1994 and 1995 more line-up changes followed, but in August 1995 Creepmime recorded their second album, "Chiaroscuro". The release was followed by a three-week European tour with countrymates Sinister, followed by a Dutch tour with Threnody and Ministry of Terror. After the departure of Andy Judd, the band fell apart.
In 1997, Giezen, Van der Graaf, and Brama restarted Creepmime and started writing new songs. However, due to a knee injury suffered by Brama, the band collapsed again in 1998.
Discography.
"Anthems for a Doomed Youth (1992)".
"Anthems for a Doomed Youth" was Creepmime's first and only demo, recorded in 1992, and contains five songs in doom metal style.
"Shadows (1993)".
In August 1993, Creepmime recorded "Shadows", a more death metal oriented album though with some doom elements still. The album was produced by Patrick Mameli (of fellow-Dutch death metal band Pestilence), and released by Mascot Records in 1993. It was released in the USA in 1994 by Pavement Music.
"Chiaroscuro (1995)".
"Chiaroscuro" was Creepmime's second and last album, recorded and released by Mascot Records in 1995, and sees the band move toward playing melodic death metal.

</doc>
<doc id="5859319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859319" title="Tony Dumas">
Tony Dumas

Tony Dumas (born August 25, 1972 in Chicago, Illinois) is a retired American professional basketball player.
Dumas played collegiately at the University of Missouri-Kansas City (UMKC). He was the all-time leading scorer in UMKC history upon the completion of his career, with 2,459 career points. His senior season, he finished seventh in the NCAA in scoring at 27.0 points per game. He is also the only player in UMKC history to be drafted into the NBA.
Dumas was selected by the Dallas Mavericks in the 1st round (19th overall) of the 1994 NBA Draft. He played four seasons in the NBA, mainly for the Mavericks. He did have two brief stints with the Phoenix Suns and Cleveland Cavaliers. His best year as a pro came during the 1995-96 season as a member of the Mavericks, appearing in 67 games (12 starts) and averaging 11.6 ppg, including a 39 point effort against the Suns on January 12, 1996. In 1995, he appeared in the NBA Slam Dunk Contest, finishing last (6th) after an unsuccessful dunk in the first round.
In 1998 he played for La Crosse Bobcats (CBA). In 2001 he moved to Greece playing for Sporting BC. In 2001 he played for Rimini in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5859323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859323" title="Veruschka von Lehndorff">
Veruschka von Lehndorff

Vera Gräfin von Lehndorff-Steinort or Veruschka von Lehndorff (born 14 May 1939 in Königsberg, East Prussia, now known as Kaliningrad, Russia) is a German model, actress, and artist who was popular during the 1960s. Known professionally as Veruschka, she is a daughter of Heinrich Graf von Lehndorff-Steinort, a member of the German resistance.
Early life.
Veruschka was born on 14 May 1939 in Königsberg, East Prussia as Vera Gottliebe Anna Gräfin von Lehndorff-Steinort. She grew up at Steinort, an estate in East Prussia, which had been in her family for centuries. Her mother was Countess Gottliebe von Kalnein (b. 1913). Her father, Heinrich Graf von Lehndorff-Steinort, was a German count and army reserve officer who became a key member of the German Resistance, reportedly after witnessing Jewish children being beaten and killed. When Veruschka was five years old, her father was executed for allegedly attempting to assassinate Adolf Hitler in the July 20 Plot. After his death, the remaining family members spent their times in labor camps until the end of World War II. By the end of the war, her family was left homeless. As a young girl, she attended 13 schools. She has three sisters: Marie Eleanore "Nona" (b. 1937, married Jan van Haeften and Wolf-Siegfried Wagner (b. 1943), son of Wieland Wagner and great-grandson of composer Richard Wagner), Gabriele (b. 1942, married Armin, Edler Herr und Freiherr von Plotho), and Katharina (b. 1944, married Henrik Kappelhoff-Wulff).
Rise to fame.
She studied art in Hamburg and then moved to Florence, where she was discovered at age 20 by the photographer Ugo Mulas and became a full-time model. In Paris, she met Eileen Ford, head of the prestigious Ford Modeling Agency. In 1961 she moved to New York City, but soon returned to Munich. For some time she was with the Stewart Modeling Agency at 405 Park Avenue in New York where she reigned as the girl with the most covers on the wall when you walked in. She had also garnered attention when she made a brief five minute appearance in the 1966 cult film "Blow Up" by Michelangelo Antonioni.
She once worked with Salvador Dalí and photographer Peter Beard, who took her to Kenya. At her peak, she earned as much as $10,000 a day. In 1975, however, she departed from the fashion industry due to disagreements with Grace Mirabella, the newly appointed editor-in-chief of "Vogue". In a 1999 interview, Veruschka said about their disagreements, "She wanted me to be bourgeois, and I didn't want to be that. I didn't model for a long time after that."
Occasionally Veruschka still appears on catwalks. She was a guest model in the Melbourne Fashion Festival in 2000 in Australia. In October 2010, at the age of 71, she modeled for Giles Deacon's showing for the fall run of London Fashion Week.
Veruschka provides vocals on several tracks on the 2010 album "Mimikry" by ANBB, a collaboration of Blixa Bargeld and Alva Noto.

</doc>
<doc id="5859327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859327" title="Wild Thing (The Troggs song)">
Wild Thing (The Troggs song)

"Wild Thing" is a song written by New York City-born songwriter Chip Taylor. Originally recorded by American band The Wild Ones in 1965, "Wild Thing" is best known for its 1966 cover by the English band The Troggs, which reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in July 1966. The song peaked at No. 2 in Britain.
As performed by The Troggs, "Wild Thing" is ranked #261 on the "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
Composition.
The song is in the key of A major, and is based around the chord progression (I - IV - V - IV), which is the basis for the main riff. Also the instrumental parts during the chorus are in key with the rest of the song. However, the guitars are not strictly tuned to middle C in the Troggs' version and the slightly sharp tuning causes the chords to actually be midway between A and Bb. This has mystified many guitar players trying to play along with the record. It has been suggested that The Troggs did this as a joke. As a side note, the middle eight was originally someone whistling, but in The Troggs' version this was replaced by Colin Fretcher, musical director, playing an ocarina.
The Troggs version.
The Troggs' version was recorded in mono in one piece on the second take at Olympic Studios, which was then at Carton Street, off Baker Street in London, by engineer Keith Grant.
Because of a distribution dispute, The Troggs' single was available on two competing labels: Atco and Fontana. Because both pressings were taken from the identical master recording, "Billboard" combined the sales for both releases, making it the only single to simultaneously reach No. 1 for two companies.
On the Atco label, "Wild Thing" is credited to Reg Presley (Troggs' lead vocalist) and "With a Girl Like You" (its flip side) to Chip Taylor. The author credits are reversed. On the Fontana label, "Wild Thing" is credited to Chip Taylor and the flip contains a different song, "From Home", credited to Reg Presley. The Fontana label credits production to Page One Productions, England, while the Atco label credits production as "A Larry Page Production, Recorded in England". They also did a version with Canned Heat.
Amanda Lear version.
French singer Amanda Lear recorded "Wild Thing" for her comeback album "Secret Passion" and added a synthpop feel to it. The single was produced by Christian De Walden and released in 1987. On the B-side another "Secret Passion" track was released, "Aphrodisiac", whose French language version "Aphrodisiaque" later became a separate A-side single. 12" single included a remixed version of "I'm a Mistery" and a 1987 re-recording of "Follow Me". "Wild Thing" was performed in a number of TV shows, but failed to chart.
Music video.
The "Wild Thing" music video was shot in Parisian Hôtel Meurice, in the most luxurious suite, which had been Salvador Dalí's favourite. French actor and singer Jean-Luc Lahaye appears in the clip, sitting in bed in a bathrobe and reading Amanda's 1987 novel "L'Immortelle". Amanda takes her bathrobe off, revealing a scant sexy outfit, and dances around the room. Two female dancers appear in the video, dressed as maids, performing minimalistic dance routines.
Other versions.
"Wild Thing" has remained popular ever since The Troggs' hit single and has been covered many times: 

</doc>
<doc id="5859331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859331" title="Dalim Tango">
Dalim Tango

Dalim Tango was a color retouching package aimed at the repro and prepress markets. It ran on Silicon Graphics workstations, and was first released in 1993. This retouching package is still available in LiTHO product. In 2013, LiTHO version 7 was delivered to the market for both Linux and Mac OS X operating systems.
Features.
Tango had tools for retouching, creative painting, image manipulation and "merging" different images. It supported the standard CMYK, RGB, CIELAB and HLS color spaces. Users could also work in a CMYK++ mode, which added special inks to the standard four-color CMYK palette, somewhat similar to the InkSwitch module of Barco Creator. A software densitometer with unlimited sample sites was also included.
Tango 2.0 could open TIFF, Scitex CT and Dalim native formats.

</doc>
<doc id="5859339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859339" title="D. W. Brooks">
D. W. Brooks

David William Brooks (September 11, 1901 – August 5, 1999) was an American farmer and businessman.
Born in Royston, Georgia, Brooks enrolled at the age of 16 at the University of Georgia (UGA) and graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture (1922) and an Master of Science in Agriculture (1924). While working on his Masters, Brooks also taught agronomy at UGA as an instructor. He started his first farm cooperative, Georgia Cotton Growers Cooperative Association, in while still at UGA.
When this initial cooperative failed in 1933, Brooks started a new one under the name Georgia Cotton Producers Association. The name was changed to Cotton Producers Association (CPA) the following year and was eventually renamed Gold Kist in 1974. Brooks retired as Chairman of the Board of Gold Kist and was awarded the title of Chairman emeritus.
Brooks also founded several insurance companies that served the farming communities, Cotton Farmers Mutual Insurance Association (1941) and Cotton States Life and Health (1955)
On the UGA campus, a faculty award in the College of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences, a road and pedestrian mall are named in honor of Brooks.

</doc>
<doc id="5859341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859341" title="Susan Illston">
Susan Illston

Susan Yvonne Illston (born 1948) is a San Francisco, California-based Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, which lies within the jurisdiction of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Biography.
Illston was born in Tokyo, Japan, was raised in the military and attended Fort Knox High School. She is a graduate of Duke University (B.A., 1970) and Stanford Law School (J.D., 1973). Prior to her appointment, Illston served in private practice first as an associate, then as a partner at Cotchett, Illston & Pitre in Burlingame, California from 1973 to 1995.
On the recommendations of Senators Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein, Illston was nominated by President Bill Clinton on January 23, 1995 and confirmed by the Senate on May 25, 1995 by voice vote, receiving her commission the following day. She took senior status on July 1, 2013.
Notable cases.
"DiLoreto v. Downey".
Sitting by designation of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, in 1999 Judge Illston wrote the panel decision in DiLoreto v. Downey Unified School District Board of Education, 196 F.3d 958 (9th Cir. 1999), cert. denied, 529 U.S. 1067 (2000), which held that an athletic fence which a public high school made available for commercial advertising is a nonpublic forum from which religious messages could be excluded without violating the first amendment.
"321 Studios v. Metro Goldwyn Mayer Studios, Inc.".
In February 2004, Illston ruled in 321 Studios v. Metro Goldwyn Mayer Studios, Inc. that the company's software, which was intended, according to the company, to allow consumers to make backup copies of DVDs by "circumventing" so-called "copy protection" methods, was illegal under Federal law. She issued an injunction at the behest of several Hollywood studios and ordered 321 Studios to stop selling their product. However, despite finding that the software violated Federal law, she ruled that copies made by consumers (of their own legally purchased DVDs) were, in fact, legal. She wrote in her opinion, "It is the technology itself at issue, not the uses to which the copyrighted material may be put...Legal downstream use of the copyrighted material by customers is not a defense to the software manufacturer's violation of the provisions copyright law."
"US v. Arnold".
In August 2006, Illston sentenced Patrick Arnold, the chemist who developed an undetectable performance-enhancing drug for BALCO, to three months in prison.
"US v. Bonds".
In March 2009, Illston presided over a perjury case involving Barry Bonds.
"Kyriacou v. Peralta Community College Dist.".
In April 2009, Illston ruled that two students who were threatened with suspension by their community college, the College of Alameda, could sue the school for free speech infringement.
"Center for Biological Diversity v. Bureau of Land Management".
In October 2009, Illston ruled in favor of environmental groups that sued the U.S. Bureau of Land Management (BLM) over a 5,000 mile expansion of off-roading trails in California's Mojave Desert. Illston found that the BLM had violated its own regulations when it designated the routes in 2006 without adequately analyzing the impacts on air quality, soils, plant communities and sensitive species such as the endangered Mojave fringe-toed lizard. Illston called the BLM's plan "flawed because it does not contain a reasonable range of alternatives" to limit damage to sensitive habitat and pointed out that the desert and its resources are "extremely fragile, easily scarred, and slowly healed." The court also found that the BLM had failed to follow route restrictions established in the agency’s own conservation plan, resulting in the establishment of hundreds of illegal off roading routes during the past three decades. Illston ruled that the plan specifically violated the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (FLPMA) and the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA).
"Sony v. Hotz".
, Illston is the presiding judge in Sony Computer Entertainment America LLC v. George Hotz, et al., in which Sony claims that Hotz's jailbreaking of the Sony PlayStation 3 violates the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. She has granted Sony permission to track as much information as possible about those who had seen a private YouTube video about the jailbreak and to read their comments, plus obtain access to IP addresses, accounts, and other details of visitors to sites run by Geohot. The access granted by Illston extends even to those who had not downloaded the jailbreak code.
In Re National Security Letter.
In a ruling released on March 15, 2013, Judge Illston granted petitioner's motion to set aside a National Security Letter (NSL), ruling that the NSL's nondisclosure and judicial review provisions suffer from significant Constitutional infirmities. The petitioner argued that the nondisclosure provision of statute 18 U.S.C. § 2709(c) is an unconstitutional prior restraint and content-based restriction on speech. The decision came in a lawsuit challenging a NSL on behalf of an unnamed telecommunications company represented by the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF). The judge stayed her decision for 90 days to give the government the opportunity to appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="5859344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859344" title="Back to the Street">
Back to the Street

Back to the Street is the ninth release of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released in 1986 and is the first album to be produced by John and Dino Elefante.
The album is also the first to feature new lead singer John Schlitt, former lead singer of Head East.
While the sound of the album is rather transitional and unlike anything that would be heard by the group for another seven years, it did mark a movement toward the style that would become Petra's most identifiable sound: prominent keyboards backing up hard-edged guitar tones and raspy, near-screaming vocals.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5859346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859346" title="Albert Schweitzer Institute">
Albert Schweitzer Institute

The Albert Schweitzer Institute is inspired by the teachings and philosophy of the Nobel Peace-prizewinner Albert Schweitzer (1875-1965). It is dedicated to alleviating suffering and injustice in the world, and creating a more equitable and sustainable future for our planet and all of its inhabitants.
Founded in 1984 as the Albert Schweitzer Memorial Foundation, the Institute conducts international programs that link education, ethics and voluntarism. Programs focus on health care development in under-served areas; motivating young people to serve the community and the environment as a way of life; and increasing public awareness of Dr Schweitzer's philosophy and its potential for a more peaceful and sustainable world. The Institute organizes conferences, lectures and workshops, sponsors fellowships and awards, provides humanitarian aid to developing countries, and publicly advocates for human rights, the environment and world peace.
At Chapman University in the United States, the Institute seeks to preserve, critically interpret, and spread the ethical teachings of Albert Schweitzer in the context of the study of ethics and ethical values. The Institute implements its purpose by means of popular and scholarly publications; international conferences; university courses and campus events; lectures at schools, churches, service clubs, and other organizations; activities in areas of public concern to which Schweitzer's philosophy may be applied; preservation and expansion of the Schweitzer archive at Chapman University; and collaboration with other centers dedicated to ethical inquiry and the teachings of Schweitzer.
The Quinnipiac branch of the Institute teaches young people ethical values and encourages their commitment to community service. Its main program activity in health care is the Schweitzer Conferences and Seminars Series for health care leaders held in Central and Eastern Europe and in countries of the former Soviet Union. These conferences explore clinical, public health, human rights and ethical issues in order to foster health care initiatives that improve the lives of under-served populations.
In the United Kingdom, the Institute conducts educational programs to raise awareness of Dr Schweitzer's philosophy of reverence for life and its potential for a more peaceful and sustainable world.

</doc>
<doc id="5859347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859347" title="Wild Thing (Tone Lōc song)">
Wild Thing (Tone Lōc song)

"Wild Thing" is a single by rapper Tone Lōc from his 1988 album "Lōc-ed After Dark". The title is a reference to the phrase "doin' the wild thing," a euphemism for sex, unlike The Troggs' hit song, "Wild Thing", (later covered by Jimi Hendrix) in which the "wild thing" was a girl. 
Tone Lōc's song peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 in February 1989, only behind "Straight Up" by Paula Abdul, and it spawned at least one parody (by "Weird Al" Yankovic, called "Isle Thing", about "Gilligan's Island" and was Yankovic's first rap parody). It eventually sold over two million copies. It also peaked at number 21 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song caused some controversy for sampling Van Halen for a very low cost. The band was later given a larger payment after a court case. The song was remixed in 2007 with additional production and vocals from Peaches.
This song was also part of the 2000 movie "Bedazzled" soundtrack many years after the release of the song.
Sampling controversy.
The song uses an uncredited sample of Van Halen's "Jamie's Cryin'". Van Halen's management at the time asked for a flat fee (credited in some reports to be US$5,000) as payment to have the song sampled by Tone Lōc. Apparently, this decision was taken without consulting the band's original members (credited as co-authors of the song), who in turn did not expect "Wild Thing" to become the major hit it became. A subsequent civil lawsuit was settled out of court, with the band receiving US$180,000 as settlement payment. Alex Van Halen has gone on record saying that he had heard the song over the radio halfway and not realizing it had been sampled until he recognized his (by now famous) tom-tom break at least a few times. Concerning the settlement, he said: "Well, at least we got something. Tone Lōc and his people made millions out of it..."
Music video.
A music video directed by Tamra Davis was made for the song at a reported cost of only $500, copying the style of Robert Palmer's "Addicted to Love" with mini-skirted women playing guitars next to Tone Lōc, which went into heavy rotation on MTV. The leading lady in the video is played by actress Tracy Camilla Johns.
Peaches remix.
"Wild Thing (Peaches Remix)" is a version of Tone Lōc's "Wild Thing". The song features vocals by Tone Lōc and Peaches herself. This remix was made to celebrate Delicious Vinyl's 20th anniversary. It peaked at #4 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Dance Singles Sales.
Music video.
The music video for "Wild Thing Remix" shows Peaches and Tone Lōc performing live at Avalon during the celebration of the 20th anniversary of Delicious Vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="5859357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859357" title="Gordon Merrick">
Gordon Merrick

William Gordon Merrick (August 3, 1916 – March 27, 1988) was a Broadway actor, best-selling author of gay-themed novels and one of the first authors to write about homosexual themes for a mass audience.
Early life.
During most of Merrick's life, homosexuality was still viewed in the American culture as a moral outrage. Editors and film censors demanded that gay men be depicted objectionably, and that gay relationships end tragically in literature and on film. Merrick, however, wrote stories which depicted well-adjusted gay men engaged in romantic relationships. And each of his books had a happy ending.
William Gordon Merrick was born in Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia. His father, Rodney King Merrick, was a manager of a truck company who eventually became a bank manager. His mother was the former Mary Cartwright Gordon (born Natchez, Mississippi, 26 July 1893). He had one sibling, Samuel Vaughan Merrick 3rd (1914-2000; married 1947, Eleanor Perry; three children, John Rodney, Melvin Gregory, and Thaddeus Merrick). Merrick was a great-grandson of Philadelphia philanthropist Samuel Vaughn Merrick (1801-1870).
He enrolled at Princeton University in 1936, studied French literature and was active in campus theater. He quit in the middle of his junior year and moved to New York City, where he became an actor. He landed the role of Richard Stanley in George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart's "The Man Who Came to Dinner". Although he became Hart's lover for a time, Merrick tired of the theater, with its endless nights playing the same role.
In 1941, Merrick quit Broadway to become a reporter. Exempt from the draft because of problems with his hearing, Merrick moved to Washington, D.C. where he got a job with the "Washington Star". He later worked for the "Baltimore Sun", then returned to New York to write for the "New York Post". His years as a reporter helped him develop a love of writing as well as a writing style.
Still eager to participate in World War II, Merrick sought and won a job with the Office of Strategic Services (O.S.S., the forerunner to the Central Intelligence Agency). He was sent to Algeria as a counter-espionage officer, rising to the civilian rank of captain. He was diverted to France and took up residence in Cannes. Because he spoke excellent French, the O.S.S. gave him papers listing him as a French citizen. He was case officer for the double agent codenamed "Forest". 
In August 1945, Merrick returned to the United States. He again tried to find work as a reporter, but failed. So he went to Mexico and began writing.
Literary success.
Merrick's first novel, "The Strumpet Wind" (1947), was a huge success in the United States for a gay novel. The somewhat autobiographical novel is about a gay American spy in France during World War II. Homosexual themes are minimized in the novel, which explores concepts of individual liberty and freedom. The spy's director is a dazzlingly handsome but sadistic bisexual. 
With the money he earned, Merrick returned to France. Merrick continued to write in France, but success eluded him. He left France to avoid the unrest which accompanied the Algerian War of Independence. Merrick moved to Greece and took up residence on the island of Hydra.
During his Greek tenure, Merrick's best-known book, "The Lord Won't Mind", became his second major American success. Charlie Mills and Peter Martin are both young, handsome and well-endowed. They meet and fall madly in love. The book has been criticized for its insistence on beauty in the gay male world. Although the novel and Merrick are often criticized for an insistent emphasis on handsome virile men, some critics defend Merrick:
The book follows Charlie's path from a closeted gay man to a person who accepts himself. Charlie is terrified of rejection, especially that of his rigid, moralistic grandmother whom he loves but who expects him to marry and have children. Charlie at first attempts to live a double-life, expressing his homosexuality through acting and painting. But his life is incomplete without Peter.
Charlie's wife later suspects his homosexuality, and perpetrates an horrific act of violence on her husband. As Charlie works through the aftermath of the attack, he slowly comes to realize that honesty and self-acceptance are the only way out. Merrick presents this self-isolation as a necessary first step on the road to self-realization.' At book's end, Charlie finally confesses his love for Peter, and they move in together.
The book appeared on the New York Times Best Seller list for sixteen weeks in 1970. The first in a trilogy, Merrick followed it up with "One for the Gods" in 1971 and "Forth into Light" in 1974. In 2004, German screenwriter Renatus Töpke wrote several drafts of a screenplay. Currently, Munich production company and Paradigma Entertainment is attempting to raise money to finance a motion picture based on the books.[http://www.paradigma-entertainment.com/development_english.htm]
Merrick left Greece in 1980, when the local tourism industry made Hydra too crowded for his taste. In that year he moved to Ceylon (now known as Sri Lanka), having bought property there in 1974. But he returned to France occasionally, eventually purchasing a home in Tricqueville. For the rest of his life, he divided his time between the two countries.
Gordon Merrick died in Colombo, Sri Lanka, of lung cancer on March 27, 1988. He was survived by his companion, Charles Gerald Hulse (born 1929), a dancer turned actor turned novelist ("In Tall Cotton", 1987).
Critical assessment.
In all, Merrick wrote thirteen books. He contributed book reviews and articles to "The New Republic", "Ikonos" and other periodicals, but only his later works were successful. Merrick's works are rarely included in anthologies, and few discussions of American gay authors mention him. Some dismiss Merrick because of his obvious romanticism; others do so because he sprinkles explicit scenes of gay sexual intercourse throughout each novel.
But underneath the handsome blonde studs with too much wealth falling in love on the Côte d'Azur, are fairly progressive and even radical conceptualizations of what it means to be gay, the likelihood of self-actualization, identity politics and the role that power plays in relationships. In his later works, Merrick rejected socially imposed roles and labels, insisting that each gay person question the assumptions underlying his life. Gordon Merrick broke new ground that has only recently become fertile. Deeper probing into Merrick's works will undoubtedly yield richer understandings of the complex social dynamics that construct networks of control over human sexuality.'

</doc>
<doc id="5859381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859381" title="Fokker F.XXIV">
Fokker F.XXIV

The Fokker F.XXIV was a pre-war passenger airliner design by the Dutch aircraft manufacturer, Fokker.
History.
Due to the success of Douglas' DC-3, Fokker's role in the global market for passenger aircraft was severely diminished. Whereas KLM was historically an important customer to Fokker, even they turned to other suppliers. When in 1938 KLM ordered the Douglas DC-5 in the USA and showed interest in the DC-4C, Fokker realised it had to come to terms with the new era. 
In an attempt to revive the glory days, Fokker finally adopted an all-metal approach with a new design, dubbed Model 193. Intended to replace the obsolete and outdated F.XXII and F.XXXVI models, Fokker had to use new technologies instead of designs based on wooden wings and few metal parts in the fuselage. Later on, this model became known as the F.XXIV.
Whereas KLM was state-owned, Fokker used its political influence to force a sale from KLM. Finally in October 1939, KLM ordered four F.XXIVs. This sale was part of a broader package which also included the Douglas DC-4C, the Lockheed 44 Excalibur and another Fokker design known as Model 180.
The F24 as it was proposed, was a short-range all-metal twin-engine passenger aircraft. It was supposed to be powered by two Wright Cyclone radial engines of 1,193 kW (1,600 hp) each. Its fuselage was designed for 26 passengers. The single aisle cabin layout had eight rows of two abreast on the right and eight rows of a single seat on the left. A cargo bay was put between the passenger cabin and the cockpit. This cockpit had a layout for a crew of four. In the middle of the passenger cabin was a galley. At the aft side of the cabin was a toilet with another cargo bay.
Although KLM ordered four aircraft, the project never materialised as World War II broke out. During the war, design work was continued. After the war, Fokker could not deliver the planes on short notice as its factories were largely destroyed. Subsequently, KLM turned to American suppliers like Convair and Douglas. The F24 design attracted no other airlines and the project ended as Fokker turned to more modern designs.
Retrospect.
In retrospect, the F.XXIV was a direct predecessor of the Fokker F27 Friendship built from the 1950s on. Its basic design layout was similar with the engine type as the main difference as the F27 had turboprops whereas the F.XXIV was designed to have radial engines. The F27 also was considerably larger.

</doc>
<doc id="5859386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859386" title="Nancy Wickwire">
Nancy Wickwire

Nancy Wickwire (November 20, 1925 - July 10, 1974) was an American actress known for roles on several daytime soap operas.
She appeared on "Guiding Light" (Lila Taylor Kelly, 1954–55), "As the World Turns" (Claire English Lowell, 1960–64), "Another World" (Liz Matthews, 1969–71), and "Days of our Lives" (Phyllis Anderson, 1972–73).
In addition, she made guest appearances on a number of primetime series, including "Route 66", "Gunsmoke", "The Fugitive", "The Invaders", and "Ironside". Her last appearance was in a 1973 episode of "Barnaby Jones".
She died of cancer in San Francisco, California on July 10, 1974, aged 48.
Family.
Nancy Marie Wickwire was born on November 20, 1925 in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. She was the daughter of Alva B and Ruther Marie (Larson) Wickwire. Alva was a manager with Railway Express Agency. Wickwire was a graduate of the John Harris High School (1943) and earned a Bachelor of Science from the Carnegie Institute of Technology (1948). Wickwire studied acting at Old Vic School in London, England (1949-1951). Wickwire was also survived by a sister, Margaret Jane (Wickwire) Seygal of Harrisburg, PA, a teacher, and several nieces and nephews.

</doc>
<doc id="5859390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859390" title="Greater Montreal Athletics Association">
Greater Montreal Athletics Association

The Greater Montreal Athletics Association (GMAA) is an inter-mural sporting league in the Greater Montreal Area. It arranges inter-school sports events.

</doc>
<doc id="5859391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859391" title="Joelle Carter">
Joelle Carter

Joelle Marie Carter (born October 10, 1972) is an American actress.
Biography.
Early life.
Carter was an army brat. Her father Jimmy Carter was in the U.S. Army and the family moved often throughout the United States. She attended high school in Albany, Dougherty County, Georgia, and enrolled at Augusta State University on a full athletic scholarship for swimming and cross-country.
Model career.
She is a model and has worked with Elite Model Management and Wilhelmina Models.
Acting career.
She has been featured on many movies, most notably the opening scene in "American Pie 2". She also has an extensive resume television bit parts, appearing on shows, "High Fidelity", "Inconceivable" and "Cold Storage". Since 2010, she has been playing Ava Crowder in the television series "Justified" on FX.
Personal life.
She lives and works in New York with her husband Andy Bates - an editor, producer and cinematographer by profession. The couple have formed a film production company named Blarma. She became a mother for the 1st time at age 37, when her adopted daughter, Luna Rose Bates, was born in July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5859393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859393" title="Punk">
Punk

__NOTOC__
Punk or punks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5859412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859412" title="Leo Stein (writer)">
Leo Stein (writer)

Leo Stein, born Leo Rosenstein (25 March 1861, Lemberg – 28 July 1921, Vienna, Austria) was a playwright and librettist of operettas in the latter part of the 19th and early 20th centuries, including works adapted for a number of Broadway productions.
Stein wrote libretti for Johann Strauss Jr, Franz Lehár, Emmerich Kálmán, and Oskar Nedbal. His collaboration with Viktor Léon contributed much to Lehár's success.
A selection of his works includes "Wiener Blut" (1899), "Die lustige Witwe" (1905), "Der Graf von Luxemburg" (1909) and "Die Csárdásfürstin" (1915).
Stein is buried at the Vienna Zentralfriedhof.

</doc>
<doc id="5859416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859416" title="Stephen Peat">
Stephen Peat

Stephen Peat (born March 10, 1980 in Princeton, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian ice hockey right wing. He was drafted in the second round, 32nd overall, by the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. Anaheim traded his rights to the Washington Capitals in exchange for a draft pick before the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Peat played five seasons in the Western Hockey League before joining the Capitals' American Hockey League affiliate, the Portland Pirates. Peat debuted in the NHL with the Capitals in the 2001–02 season, scoring four points in 38 games. In four seasons, Peat appeared in 130 games with the Capitals and recorded 10 points.
On December 28, 2005, the Capitals traded Peat to the Carolina Hurricanes in exchange for Colin Forbes.

</doc>
<doc id="5859436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859436" title="Toronto Lake">
Toronto Lake

Toronto Lake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5859443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859443" title="Refuge Assurance Building">
Refuge Assurance Building

The Palace Hotel, previously the Refuge Assurance Building or Refuge Building, stands at the corner of Oxford Street and Whitworth Street in Manchester, England.
The first phase of this Grade II* listed red brick and terracotta building was designed for the Refuge Assurance Company by Alfred Waterhouse and built 1891–1895. The inside was of Burmantofts faience and glazed brick. The ground floor was one enormous open business hall.
It was extended, with a striking tower, along Oxford Street by his son Paul Waterhouse in 1910–1912. It was further extended along Whitworth Street by Stanley Birkett in 1932.
After occupying the building as offices for nearly a century, the Refuge Assurance Company departed the building for a new purpose site in the grounds of Fulshaw Hall, Cheshire on Friday 6 November 1987. The Refuge Assurance company had discussed converting the building into a new home for The Hallé orchestra with one of Manchester's cultural patrons Sir Bob Scott for over a year. The £3 million funding required for the project did not materialise and the Halle subsequently moved from the Free Trade Hall to the new Bridgewater Hall upon opening in 1996.
Local architecture critic John Parkinson-Bailey noted that "one of the most prestiguous and expensive buildings in Manchester lay forlorn and empty except for a caretaker and the ghost on its staircase". It was converted to a hotel by Richard Newman in 1996 at a cost of £7 million, and is now the Palace Hotel, owned and operated by the Principal Hayley Group. The hotel is purported to be haunted.

</doc>
<doc id="5859444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859444" title="Alistair Brown (footballer born 1951)">
Alistair Brown (footballer born 1951)

Alistair "Ally" Brown (born 12 April 1951) is a Scottish former football player who played as a striker. He made 496 league appearances over an eighteen-year career in the Football League, scoring 141 goals.
He began his career at Leicester City, and helped to fire the "Foxes" to promotion out of the Second Division in 1970–71. He then helped the club to win the 1971 Charity Shield, before he moved on to West Bromwich Albion. He helped the "Baggies" to win promotion out of the Second Division in 1975–76, before helping the club to qualify for European football. He spent some time in 1981 playing in America for the Portland Timbers. In 1983 he moved to Walsall via Crystal Palace. He signed with Port Vale in July 1984, and helped the "Valiants" to win promotion out of the Fourth Division in 1985–86, before he retired in May 1986. A quality finisher, he was the top-scorer over the course of at least one season at Leicester, West Brom, Walsall, and Port Vale. He later worked as a pub landlord and warehouseman in the Midlands.
Playing career.
Brown started his career at Leicester City, who were relegated out of the First Division in 1968–69. They finished third in the Second Division in 1969–70, two points shy of promotion. Brown finished as the club's top scorer in 1970–71 with 17 goals, as Leicester claimed promotion as the division's champions under Frank O'Farrell's stewardship. He played in the 1971 FA Charity Shield victory over Liverpool at Filbert Street. He was the club's top scorer again in 1971–72 under Jimmy Bloomfield, scoring seven goals, including one against rivals Nottingham Forest. He made 121 appearances for the "Foxes" in all competitions, scoring 35 goals. He then left Filbert Street for West Bromwich Albion.
West Brom suffered relegation out of the First Division under Don Howe in 1972–73, finishing four points short of safety. They finished five places and five points off the promotion places in 1973–74, before finishing three places and eight points short of promotion in 1974–75. Johnny Giles was then appointed as manager at The Hawthorns in July 1975, and Brown finished as the club's top scorer in 1975–76 with ten goals, as Albion secured the third and final promotion place by a one point margin. They then finished seventh in 1976–77. Despite a managerial merry-go-round that saw Ronnie Allen replaced by John Wile and then Ron Atkinson, Albion managed to secure European football with a sixth place finish in 1977–78. Brown scored 18 goals in 41 appearances in 1978–79, playing up front with Laurie Cunningham and Cyrille Regis, as the "Baggies" posted a third place finish, some nine points behind champions Liverpool. They dropped to 10th in 1979–80, before shooting back up fourth in 1980–81, eight points behind champions Aston Villa. Brown played for Portland Timbers on loan in 1981, scoring nine goals and bagging six assists in 24 NASL appearances for Vic Crowe's side. However Atkinson left West Brom in 1981, along with Bryan Robson and Remi Moses, and Ronnie Allen could only take the club to two points above the drop zone in 1981–82. New boss Ron Wylie took the club back up to 11th in 1982–83, the last of Brown's ten seasons at the club. He made a total of 279 league appearances for the "Baggies", scoring 72 goals.
Brown played for Second Division Crystal Palace in 1983, before moving on to Alan Buckley's Walsall in the Third Division. He finished as the club's top scorer in 1983–84 with 15 goals, his only season at Fellows Park. In July 1984 he joined Port Vale, then in the Fourth Division under John Rudge's stewardship, making his debut in a 1–0 defeat to Mansfield Town at Vale Park on 25 August 1984. With 21 goals in 49 games in the 1984–85 season he became the club's top scorer, forming a deadly midfield pairing with Robbie Earle. However the next season he struggled with injuries and retired from the game in May 1986, at the age of 35. His six goals in 33 games did though help the secure the "Valiants" the fourth automatic promotion place.
Style of play.
A cultured forward, he was a good finisher who could also hold the ball up well.
Post-retirement.
After retiring, Brown ran the Cedar Tree Public House in Aldridge and then the Throstles Club in West Bromwich, before becoming a warehouseman in an iron foundry in Walsall.

</doc>
<doc id="5859445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859445" title="Ode to Ethiopia">
Ode to Ethiopia

"Ode to Ethiopia" is an 1896 poem by Paul Laurence Dunbar, a noted African-American poet who achieved a national reputation in the United States before the end of the nineteenth century. 
Summary.
Dunbar presents ideas of Ethiopia as a mother, shows a pride in the African-American people, and encourages hope as well as racial pride. His poem emphasizes a belief in a brighter future. 
Afro American Symphony.
Part of this poem was used as a prologue to the fourth movement of William Grant Still's Symphony No. 1 "Afro-American":

</doc>
<doc id="5859458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859458" title="José Paz">
José Paz

José Paz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5859462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859462" title="New Jersey's at-large congressional district">
New Jersey's at-large congressional district

Beginning from its inception into statehood, New Jersey elected its representatives At-large instead of from individual districts. This continued for most years until 1843, with the exception of the years 1799-1801, and 1813-1815 when they were elected in districts. After 1843, New Jersey returned to district representation. 4 at-large representatives were elected in 1789 until 1793 when a 5th representative was added. 6 seats were allocated beginning in 1803, continuing until At-large representation ceased in 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="5859469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859469" title="This Means War!">
This Means War!

This Means War! is the tenth release of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released in 1987.
In this album, the band started to refine their movement into a more hard rock/arena rock sound, still retaining keyboard synthesizers to back the driving guitar work. This album also signaled the beginning of a military motif present in the song lyrics that the band would carry through several of their following albums.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5859481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859481" title="Banff Upper Hot Springs">
Banff Upper Hot Springs

Upper Hot Springs are commercially developed hot springs located in Banff National Park in Canada, near the Banff townsite. The hot pool is outdoors and while in the pool, visitors can look across the valley to Mount Rundle. 
The Upper Hot Springs are one of nine different naturally occurring hot springs in the Banff area. The hot spring water flows naturally through the Sulphur Mountain Thrust Fault, with the source area located at higher elevations on either Sulphur Mountain or Mount Rundle. The flow rates fluctuate seasonally with snow melt, with highest flows in the spring and lowest during winter. Since the early 2000s, flow to the Upper Hot Springs has stopped for several months of the winter. During these times, municipal water is substituted for the recreational pools. Water temperature is kept at approximately 38°C (100°F).
The Banff Springs snail is absent from the Upper Hot Springs region.
See also.
Cave and Basin National Historic Site

</doc>
<doc id="5859483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859483" title="Sayreville Public Schools">
Sayreville Public Schools

The Sayreville Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through twelfth grade from Sayreville, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. 
As of the 2009-10 school year, the district's eight schools had an enrollment of 5,912 students and 436 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.56.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "DE", the fifth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2009-10 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5859485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859485" title="Automated Logic Corporation">
Automated Logic Corporation

Automated Logic Corporation is located in Kennesaw, Georgia, and manufactures building automation systems.
Several of its technological innovations include: EIKON, a uniquely powerful, universal programming tool; SuperVision, a Graphical User Interface (GUI); ALERT alarm management; Connect third-party subsystem integration; I/O Hardware including controllers and routers; and WebCTRL®.
WebCTRL is a Browser-based building automation system through which users can fully access their buildings' schedules, setpoints, trends, alarms, and other control functions from virtually any computer, anywhere in the world. Users can also control their buildings with WebCTRL from wireless devices such as a WAP cell phone. WebCTRL supports multiple languages simultaneously and includes a powerful spreadsheet-based reporting tool. A native BACnet system, WebCTRL interfaces with LonWorks, Modbus and many other protocols to provide an integrated solution to building control needs. WebCTRL is certified by the BACnet Testing Laboratory as BACnet Advanced Workstation Software.
Automated Logic systems are installed in commercial office buildings, industrial plants, critical mission facilities, healthcare facilities, educational facilities, government complexes, hospitality/entertainment venues and retail locations worldwide.
Products are sold through an international network of dealers who design, engineer, install and support Automated Logic products. Automated Logic Corporation was acquired by the Carrier Corporation (parent: United Technologies Corporation.) in 2004.
As a founding member of the BACnet Manufacturers Association, Automated Logic was one of the first to offer products using the industry’s standard protocol – BACnet.

</doc>
<doc id="5859502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859502" title="Friedrich Goltz">
Friedrich Goltz

Friedrich Leopold Goltz (14 August 1834 in Posen (Poznań), Grand Duchy of Posen – 5 May 1902 in Straßburg (Strasbourg)) was a German physiologist and nephew of the writer Bogumil Goltz.
He studied medicine at the University of Königsberg, and following two years of surgical training, served as a prosector of anatomy in Königsberg. In 1870 he succeeded A.W. Volkmann as professor of physiology at the University of Halle, followed by a professorship at the University of Straßburg (from 1872). He is known for his experiments in neurophysiology, and is credited as being the first scientist to perform a hemispherectomy on a dog.
In 1870 he introduced the "hydrostatic concept" involving the semicircular canals of the inner ear and their ability to transmit sensations of position, and therefore providing assistance in equilibrioception. Goltz proposed that the canals dealt mainly with the equilibrium of the head, and that the movements of the body were regulated by the more or less conscious awareness an individual has of the position of his head in space.
Goltz held a unitary view of brain function, which he demonstrated in London at the International Medical Congress of 1881. Here he showed that a dog with sections of its cerebral cortex removed, could still remain functional. Conversely, Scottish neurologist David Ferrier held the belief of localization of cerebral functions, which he demonstrated at the same conference. Ferrier presented macaque monkeys with particular paralysis following specific surgeries of the motor cortex. Ferrier's demonstration of localized functionality impressed the medical community, and was seen as a major impetus in the development of neurological surgery.
Published works.
He published several articles on the function of the heart and on the venous tone in Virchow's Archiv of Pathological Anatomy as well as in . Among his principal writings are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5859507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859507" title="John Shrum">
John Shrum

John Shrum (1935 - September 10, 1988) was an NBC Television Senior Art Director.
John Shrum was born in Los Angeles, California and attended the Chouinard Art Institute. Upon graduation, he became involved in the advent of television at KTLA-TV studios. This led to John's move to NBC Television as an Art Director.
John Shrum was Art Director for Ralph Edwards' "Truth or Consequences". He was the original Art Director for "Days of our Lives" when the legendary NBC soap opera went on the air in 1965.
Shrum also served as Art Director for other NBC television specials including the Emmy Award winning "Alice In Wonderland". Later John became Art Director for Johnny Carson and "The Tonight Show" on NBC, when Carson first came to Burbank, California for a West Coast broadcast of the nightly hour and a half show which followed the NBC Eleven O'Clock News each evening. So impressed with Shrum's work was the TV Host that he asked the Network executive to make him a permanent part of "The Tonight Show" staff. Shrum won an Emmy and numerous nominations for his work on this show.
Away from NBC, John collaborated with Milt Larsen on the entrepreneur's world-renowned Hollywood private magicians club The Magic Castle, Mayfair Music Hall Santa Monica, California, and the grand deco Variety Arts Center in downtown Los Angeles, California. 
Shrum died of a heart attack in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="5859516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859516" title="Kirkstall Brewery">
Kirkstall Brewery

Kirkstall Brewery is situated in Kirkstall, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It operated as a brewery between 1833 and 1983.
Kirkstall Brewery consists of several Grade II listed buildings. These buildings are situated on either side of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal. On one of the buildings on the west side of the canal (The Warehouse) it is possible to see the doors just above the water level that were used to load barrels of beer onto barges.
History.
The Kirkstall Brewery Co Ltd was registered in 1871, and by 1898 the brewery was producing around 72,000 barrels of beer a year. The beer was sold in Leeds, Yorkshire and beyond.
In 1936 Dutton’s Blackburn Brewery Ltd purchased Kirkstall Brewery Co Ltd. and its subsidiaries, Albion Brewery (Leeds) Ltd and Willow Brewery Co. Ltd. 
In 1938 the Company was renamed Dutton’s Lancashire & Yorkshire Brewery Corporation Ltd.
Duttons in turn was bought by Whitbread in 1957. Kirkstall Brewery was re-equipped, and the production of bitter and mild went up to quarter of a million barrels a year. The brewery was closed in 1983, bringing to an end a 150-year tradition of brewing in the Kirkstall Valley.
Kirkstall Brewery stood empty and unused for several years until it was given a new lease of life in the late 1990s with an ambitious project to create Kirkstall Brewery Student Village. This project was undertaken by Leeds Metropolitan University. The development provides accommodation for over 1,000 students. Other facilities include an events hall, pool/snooker room, laundry and car parking facilities for a small number of vehicles. Facilities which exist onsite but are not currently usable by residents include a Students' Union bar, a cafe, a shop and a gymnasium.
A new brewery with the same name has been set up close to the original site. http://www.kirkstallbrewerycompany.com/
Renovation.
The renovation project was a challenging one; the springs and watercourses that provided the water used in the brewing process had to be diverted without damaging the unique ecosystem that is a recognized Site of Special Scientific Interest.
During renovation it was discovered that a Second World War submarine engine was installed at the brewery as a power back-up facility. This engine was one of a pair built in 1943 for submarine duties but was never actually installed in a submarine. It was sold after the Second World War (1948) to the brewery for power generation. Although it is the size of a Ford Transit van it was carefully removed and now resides at the Anson Engine Museum in Poynton, Cheshire, United Kingdom where it is undergoing restoration. Photograph's and progress of the engine can be found here : http://www.enginemuseum.org
Kirkstall Brewery Student Village won the City of Leeds Award for Architecture in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5859524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859524" title="Viking Hills">
Viking Hills

Viking Hills is an addition name in Edina, Minnesota. It is bordered by Gleason Road, Vernon Avenue and Minnesota State Highway 62. There are about 400 residents who live in the neighborhood that is made up of five streets: Arctic Way (about 285 residents), Glacier Place, Polar Circle, Gleason Court, and Vernon Hills Road South.

</doc>
<doc id="5859527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859527" title="Philip Henman">
Philip Henman

Philip Sydney Henman, (1899–1986) was a well known and inspirational transport entrepreneur. He is best known today for being the creator of "The Philip Henman Trust".
Early life.
At age 15 Henman was severely ill and found himself bedridden for a year with fever and forced to leave his studies at Caterham School. After two years in the army, he spent a further two years queuing up at the dole office during The Great Depression that followed World War I. He then moved to London, where he found work running lighterage on two dilapidated ex-army barges on the River Thames.
The General Lighterage Company.
Over the next thirty years Henman's natural genius for logistics turned the fledgling "The General Lighterage Company", started in 1922, into a huge public international transport company. It later became in 1957 "The Transport Development Group" and then a Public Limited Company in 1982 re-registered as the "Transport Development Group plc". The company now has over 7,000 employees across Europe.
TDG Plc Timeline
1922 The General Lighterage Co Ltd. was formed from the lighterage department of the London Cologne Steam Ship Company.
1950 Became a Public Limited company.
1957 Changed its name to Transport Development Group.
1982 Re-registered as a plc – Transport Development Group plc.
2000 Changed its name to TDG plc.
The Philip Henman Trust.
The original aims of the trust since its inception in 1986, were to continue funding causes supported by Henman during his lifetime but its remit has since changed focus. After ten years the trusts trustees felt a need to restructure and a consultant was brought in to recommend more effective grant making. The Trust now spends all its grant expenditure on long term projects operated by major UK overseas development charities.
Henman was well known for his philanthropy. He took a personal interest in every cause he supported and today there are many memorials to his charity both in Britain and abroad. His list of Beneficiaries and benefactors, contained in a small diary that was discovered after his death, shows the enormous diversity of his interests and it is for this reason that the trust today has little restriction on the nature of the charities it will support.
Other achievements.
Henman was also a Dorking Councillor, a Deputy Lord Lieutenant of Surrey, the High Sheriff of Surrey (1971), the vice president and an honorary fellow of the Chartered Institute of Transport, a Patron of the Royal College of Surgeons, a member of court of the Worshipful Company of Farmers and he was given an honorary Doctorate from the University of Surrey.
See also.
Cory Environmental
Foster Yeoman

</doc>
<doc id="5859535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859535" title="North Middlesex Hospital">
North Middlesex Hospital

The North Middlesex University Hospital NHS Trust, known locally as North Mid, is a District General Hospital (DGH) in Edmonton, in the London Borough of Enfield. 
The Trust is led by John Carrier, Chairman and Julie Lowe, Chief Executive Officer, supported by full-time Executive Directors and part-time independent Non-Executive Directors, appointed by the NHS Appointments Commission. 
The Executive Directors are responsible for the daily running of the organisation and together with the Non-Executive Directors have a collective responsibility for setting the strategic direction of the Trust, ensuring its achievement against performance targets and upholding high standards of governance and probity. 
History.
As with many hospitals in the United Kingdom, the North Mid began life as a workhouse in 1840. The workhouse, built on land previously known as Langhedge Field, received its first inmates, totalling 400 men and women, in 1842. Children in the area were sent to the Chase Farm Schools Institution, later to become Chase Farm Hospital.
More land was added to the site as demand for pauper accommodation rose, and the need became clear for a separate building to treat the sick. In 1907, an Infirmary Building Committee was established with a view to constructing a large hospital. The hospital officially opened on 25 July 1910, and was separated from the workhouse itself by an iron fence, although the two shared a common gate, which still stands today.
In 1915 the complex was handed over to the military for use as a military hospital, known as Edmonton Military Hospital. Following its transfer back into civilian hands in 1920, the hospital took on its current name, the North Middlesex Hospital.
Control changed hands from the Edmonton Board of Guardians to Middlesex County Council in April 1930. In 1938, the workhouse closed (with inmates being transferred to Chase Farm) and its buildings were made available to the hospital.
During the Second World War, six high explosive bombs fell on the site, damaging several buildings. Gracie Fields house, The Towers, was used as a Maternity annex even after the end the war.
Upon the establishment of the National Health Service in 1948, Southgate Isolation Hospital became an annexe of the North Middlesex and was renamed Greentrees Hospital. The accident and emergency department opened in 1955, having been built on the bombed section of the site. The outpatents department was added in 1960,and officially opened by Princess Margaret. A Psychiatric Unit was added at some date during the 1960s
Part of the hospital site was cleared to make way for the expansion of the North Circular Road in 1973, with the Watermill Lane site being added to the hospital grounds to compensate. Construction of the buildings there was completed the following year. Additions in the 1980s include the pathology laboratories in 1982, a new car park, boilderhouse and estates offices in 1987, and the Pymmes Building (housing four elderly care wards) in 1988, coinciding with the closure of Greentrees Hospital.
Temporary operating theatres (theatres 3 and 4) were constructed in 1991 and 1992. In 1997 and again in 1999, parts of the hospital site were sold off for development, to raise funds for the refurbishment of the remaining facilities. As a result, the accident and emergency department was refitted in 1999. In 2000, an NHS Walk-in centre was added. The Care of the Elderly department transferred their 'Day Hospital' from St Ann's hospital to the 'Pymmes' building in 2007 to allow greater continuity of care. 
The hospital opened its £123 million development in 2010 with a new diagnostic centre, 5 inpatient wards, 8 operating theatres, a spacious outpatients and an Accident & Emergency department. 
Further investment took place in 2013/14 to build a new Women's and Children's Centre and to refurbish the Tower Block to accommodate the additional patients as a result of the Barnet, Enfield and Haringey Clinical Strategy. The new W&C Centre opened on 20 November 2013 and the Tower Block refurbishment will be complete in phases, starting from mid-December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5859545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859545" title="Elles étaient cinq">
Elles étaient cinq

Elles étaient cinq (released with English subtitles as The Five of Us) is a Québécois film, directed and written by Ghyslaine Côté. It was released in theaters in 2004 and on DVD in February 2005.
Synopsis.
"Elles étaient cinq" tells the story of five teenaged girls, all best friends: 
Sophie's parents own a cottage in the country and invited the four girls over for a week-end to celebrate their last few days all together as teenagers. As soon as Sophie's parents leave the girls for the week-end, the girls come up with the idea of a party.
With that in mind, two of them, Sophie and Manon (chosen by the toss of a coin) go hitchhiking for a ride to the store to buy beer. A man named Thibodeau picks them up in his car. He drives them past the exit and into the isolated woods where he savagely murders Sophie and rapes Manon.
The film cuts to 15 years later where Manon, the survivor, is still healing from the terrible experience of her past. Her three friends have all moved on and are all still trying to get over the death of their friend, some finding it harder than others. But as hard as they try, nothing can be forgotten, especially not when they discover that Thibodeau is said to be released from prison.
A story for every person that has been scarred in the past!

</doc>
<doc id="5859554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859554" title="Yesterday Went Too Soon (song)">
Yesterday Went Too Soon (song)

"Yesterday Went Too Soon", is a single from UK rock band Feeder, released near the end of summer 1999. It was the third single from the album of the same name. It was their first single to reach the UK top 20.
When MTV 2 came to the UK after the launch of digital television in 2000, the promo video was in heavy rotation.
On the MC (cassette) format of the single, the track "Oxidize", was made available on CD for the first time in 2004 via the b-sides album "Picture of Perfect Youth".
The track gained a lot of critical success, and was named Melody Maker's "Single Of The Week". The song was about a relationship ending, and the person waiting for his partner to come back to him.

</doc>
<doc id="5859556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859556" title="Sysonby">
Sysonby

Sysonby (1902-1906) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He won every start easily, except one, at distances from one mile to two and a quarter miles. His superiority as a two and three-year-old was unchallenged during his short career of 15 race starts.
Background.
Foaled in Kentucky, Sysonby was a bay son of the 1885 Epsom Derby winner, Melton, out of the English mare Optime by Orme (by the undefeated Ormonde). The mating of Melton and Optime was arranged by Marcus Daly, who was involved with the Anaconda Copper Mine. Daly died before Optime, stabled in England, foaled. His stock, including the still pregnant Optime, was brought to New York to be auctioned. James R. Keene purchased Optime for $6,600, sending her to his Castleton Stud in Kentucky, which he rarely visited.
Apparently Optime's foal, observed in his paddock, was anything but inspiring. Considered unattractive and small, as well as slow, young Sysonby was to be sent back to England for sale. But Keene's trainer, the well-regarded James G. Rowe, Sr., had seen Sysonby in action during some early trials. When it was time for the yearlings to be sent away, Rowe, a leading trainer who had once been a leading jockey (guiding Harry Bassett to his Saratoga Cup win amongst many other successes), covered Sysonby in blankets, convincing Keene he was too ill to make the long ocean journey.
Racing career.
In the care of Rowe, Sysonby won everything Rowe entered him in by sizable margins, with the exception of the Futurity Stakes (USA), where he came in an unaccountable third, beaten by the filly Tradition and the filly Artful. Artful ranked 94th in the top 100 U.S. Thoroughbred champions of the 20th century by Blood-Horse magazine). Rowe saw Sysonby's groom exhibiting a large sum of money, and the groom admitted he'd been bribed to drug Sysonby before the race.
If not drugged, nothing beat Sysonby. The turf writer Neil Newman ranked Sysonby as one of the three best colts he'd ever seen. The other two were Colin (also trained by Rowe) and Man o' War.
Sysonby's wins.
Over the course of his two-year racing career, Sysonby won:
Sysonby's racing life was brief but brilliant, with winning margins of up to 10 lengths. His only loss was the Sheepshead Bay Futurity. Sysonby was the top money earner of 1905, and his lifetime earnings were $184,438.
Death.
At four years and four months of age, Sysonby died. He had broken out with bloody sores all over his body, having contracted a serious disease called variola, and it proved fatal. Sysonby died on June 17, 1906, in his stall at Sheepshead Bay from septicemia brought on by an illness consisting of multiple skin lesions, fever and profound muscle wasting, now thought to be variola. After his death, his owner Keene donated his remains to New York City's American Museum of Natural History to become part of the Chubb series of skeletons as studies in anatomy and locomotion. At this time, Sysonby is in the storage area of the Museum with other horses of the Chubb Collection. These other horses include, General Philip Sheridan's American Civil War steed, Winchester, General Robert E. Lee's Traveller, Comanche ( the sole survivor of the Battle of the Little Big Horn), and Roy Rogers' Trigger.
Honors.
Sysonby was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in Saratoga Springs, New York, in 1956. In the list of the top 100 U.S. Thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century by Blood-Horse magazine, he ranks 30th.
James Rowe, Sr. was also inducted posthumously into the Hall of Fame as a trainer.

</doc>
<doc id="5859557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859557" title="Matt Hollywood">
Matt Hollywood

Matt Hollywood (born June 11, 1973) is an American indie rock guitarist and singer. He was a founding member and leader of the Portland-based indie rock band The Out Crowd, as well as a founding member of the psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre. He currently fronts the drone rock band The Rebel Drones.
He was born in Syracuse, New York in 1973. He grew up in and around Ventura, California, and now resides in North Portland, Oregon.
The Imajinary Friends.
Hollywood had been involved with the neo-psychedelic/surrealist rock band, The Imajinary Friends, that spawned from the original line-up of The Brian Jonestown Massacre in 1993. The band consisted of Travis Threlkel, Ricky Maymi (both from The BJM), Matt Hollywood, Graham Bonnar (of Swervedriver) and Tim Digulla (later of Tipsy). The band recorded its debut album "Lunchtime In Infinity" on Bomp! Records in 1994. Hollywood left the band due to his full time commitment to The BJM and was replaced by Jeremy Davies (brother of founding BJM-member Jeff Davies).
The Brian Jonestown Massacre.
Matt Hollywood was a founding member of neo-psychedelic rock band, The Brian Jonestown Massacre, with the initial line-up of Anton Newcombe (guitar/vocals), Travis Threlkel (guitar), Ricky Maymi (drums), Jeff Davies (guitar) and Hollywood (bass).
Hollywood was a member of The BJM for roughly seven years as mainly a bass guitar player, but was also known to play acoustically at times. Over this period, Hollywood contributed many musical ideas to the band. He composed and sang several of The BJM's songs, most notably "Oh Lord", "Maybe Tomorrow", "No Come Down" and "Not if You Were the Last Dandy on Earth"; the latter of which parodied The Dandy Warhols' single "Not if You Were the Last Junkie on Earth", and led many people to believe the 'Warhols and The BJM were fighting. Hollywood has said of the song: "It always amazed me how this song got taken as evidence that Anton (Newcombe) was 'stalking' the Dandys - since he didn't even write it." The song was featured in the Jim Jarmusch film "Broken Flowers".
He appears on the 2004 documentary "DiG!" with The BJM, which also includes footage of the onstage altercation that led to his departure from the band.
In 2010, it was reported that he has returned to the studio with The Brian Jonestown Massacre and is once again a full-time member.
Post-BJM.
Magic Fingers.
Before forming The Out Crowd, Hollywood was in Magic Fingers with Eric Hedford (of The Dandy Warhols and We Are Telephone) and Spike Keating (of Swoon 23 and Black Rebel Motorcycle Club).
The Out Crowd.
Hollywood formed the indie rock band, The Out Crowd, in late 2001 with drummer Stuart Valentine, guitarist Elliott Barnes and tambourine player Sarah Jane.
The group released their debut album "Go on, Give a Damn" which was produced by Gregg Williams (The Dandy Warhols) in early 2003. Their follow up "Then I Saw The Holy City" was produced by Brian Coates and released in the fall of 2004. Hollywood confirmed that the band broke up in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5859561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859561" title="Memorial Parkway (Huntsville)">
Memorial Parkway (Huntsville)

Memorial Parkway, also known as The Parkway, is a major thoroughfare in Huntsville, Alabama that carries over 100,000 vehicles on average a day. It, in whole or in part, follows U.S. Route 231, U.S. Route 431, U.S. Route 72, and State Route 53 through the Huntsville city limits. It is a limited access road through most of Huntsville city proper, providing exits to the frontage road which allow access to road intersections, as well as businesses and residences along the route. Both the limited access and frontage roads are referred to as Memorial Parkway. Originally constructed in the 1950s and officially opened on December 1, 1955, the highway is the major commercial thoroughfare through Huntsville, a status it has held since the mid-1960s.
General Plan and Structure.
The limited access portions of the Parkway contain eight lanes of traffic; in each direction there are two lanes of limited-access traffic, paralleled by a two-lane, one-way frontage road. At major intersections, the four limited-access lanes overpass the intersecting road with a "camel back" type overpass, while the frontage roads have a signal-controlled intersection with the intersecting road. At each overpass, there is a pair of turn lanes that permit traffic on the frontage roads to make U-turns between the northbound and southbound frontage roads without having to go through the signalized intersection. Generally, in between overpasses, there exists a pair of entrance and exit ramps that allow traffic to transition between the limited-access lanes and the parallel frontage road. Other than at intersections with overpasses, traffic on the frontage road always has the right of way vs. intersecting streets and driveways and there are no other traffic signals. The frontage roads do not exist between the University Drive and Clinton Avenue overpasses; here through traffic must merge into the limited-access lanes.
There are two intersections where the Parkway crosses under the intersecting road, at Martin Road and Interstate 565. Currently the frontage roads end at Martin Road because a non-limited access portion still exists between it and the Whitesburg Drive overpass. It is not currently known how the frontage access will be structured at Martin Road once the non-limited access portion to its south is improved, or whether U-turn lanes for the frontage will be possible. At the I-565 interchange, it is possible for Parkway traffic to make a U-turn by executing a sequence of ramp lane changes, although no signage indicates this. 
Most of the non-limited access portions within the Huntsville city limits consists of six through lanes, three in each direction, separated by a median. There are no frontage roads on these portions. Most of the portion north of the Mastin Lake Road intersection consists of four lanes, two in each direction. 
Route Description.
From the south, US 231 / Alabama 53 enters Madison County and the city limits of Huntsville over the Tennessee River via the Clement C. Clay Bridge, which is also known as Whitesburg Bridge. From there, the four lane US 231 takes the name of Memorial Parkway and travels north passing Hobbs Island Road where it widens to six lanes.
Memorial Parkway passes to the east of a Sanmina-SCI Corporation production plant, crossing over Green Cove Road. From there, it continues north, passing beside various businesses and farm lands. The Parkway intersects Hobbs Road just south of the first major shopping center of many, the Southeast Plaza Shopping Center. Continuing due north, the Parkway passes Mountain Gap Road and Meadowbrook Drive.
Just north of Meadowbrook Drive, the first of many overpasses start. Vehicles are directed to exit here to access both Whitesburg Drive and Weatherly Road. Just north of Weatherly Road, the Parkway's controlled access highway merges back to a six-lane highway with traffic signals at Lily Flagg Road, Charlotte Drive, Byrd Spring Road, and Boulevard South. This section of the Parkway is planned to be upgraded to controlled access by 2016. Then a series of overpasses start just north of Martin Road; the first is Golf Road, followed by Airport Road, passing by John Hunt Park.
Following Airport Road, there is a "useless" overpass, as it is referred to by locals since it crosses over no other roadway. This overpass was originally constructed to provide a convenient U-turn as well as allow quicker access to businesses alongside the Parkway. The Parkway continues north with overpasses at Drake and Bob Wallace Avenues, where it passes by Parkway Place Mall. 
At Governors Drive, Alabama 53 splits off and travels west and US 231 begins its overlap with US 431. The Parkway continues north with an overpass at Clinton Ave with a full interchange with Interstate 565; this interchange is sometimes referred to as Malfunction Junction. The Parkway has an overpass at US 72 West/University Drive where an additional overlap with US 72 begins. An overpass at Oakwood Ave leads to a current construction zone where crews are working to complete an overpass over Max Luther and Sparkman Drives. At Sparkman Drive, the overlap with US 72 ends as it splits off to the east. US 231/431 continues north with at-grade intersection at Mastin Lake Road, which is planned to have an overpass built by 2021. Memorial Parkway continues north passing by Alabama A&M University with at-grade intersections at Winchester Road, Meridian Street, and Bob Wade Lane, where the Parkway officially ends and continues as US 231/431.
History.
US 231 originally ran down through the center of Huntsville following Meridian Street and Whitesburg Drive through Downtown. Memorial Parkway was built as a four-lane highway in the 1950s to bypass downtown. At the time, the only overpass crossed over Holmes Avenue, with ramps providing access to both from and to the Parkway. There were traffic signals at every other major intersection, plus a number of secondary intersections, many of which were eliminated over the years as part of the limited-access construction. With the establishment of the U.S. Army Missile Command at Redstone Arsenal, and the NASA Marshall Space Flight Center in the 1960s, Huntsville underwent massive population growth, and, as a result, traffic increased. State and City leaders started planning to make the Parkway a limited access highway and the second overpass, the "useless" overpass, opened in 1969.
In 1973, the Drake Avenue overpass officially opened, followed by an overpass at Bob Wallace Avenue in 1976. An overpass at Governors Drive opened in 1978. In 1986, the University Drive overpass opened, and in the 1990s, overpasses at Airport Road, Golf Road, and Oakwood Avenue opened making a controlled access highway throughout much of the city.
In 1992, the interchange with I-565 opened. The interchange includes a mix of cloverleaf and fly-over ramps to provide full merge-in and merge-out access to both routes. As part of this construction, the original Clinton and Holmes overpasses were torn down and replaced with wider ones incorporating the necessary merge lanes. The access ramps to and from Holmes Avenue were eliminated as part of this work.
In December 2009, overpasses at Whitesburg Drive and Weatherly Road in South Huntsville opened to the public; and an overpass over Sparkman Drive, Max Luther Drive, and US 72 East opened on April 10, 2012. Clearing of the right of way is happening in South Huntsville to make room for service roads for new overpasses at Lily Flagg and Byrd Spring Road. Actual construction on those overpasses was originally scheduled to start in 2016 however, the State of Alabama DOT is delaying the project, along with a dozen other road projects in the city, by nearly ten years.
Expansion.
Memorial Parkway's limited access portion is being expanded to include interchanges and frontage roads at various cross streets along the Parkway. Estimated completion dates for significant current Parkway projects are statuses in a quarterly "Construction Bulletin" from the Alabama Department of Transportation (ALDOT)'s Bureau of Transportation Planning.
South side.
Overpasses at Byrd Spring Road and Lily Flagg Road have been planned since 1989 but has been pushed back by the state of Alabama. Current delays have pushed the start of construction back until 2019. Huntsville Mayor Tommy Battle is currently campaigning to get funding for the overpasses.

</doc>
<doc id="5859568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859568" title="Suvat">
Suvat

Suvat (also, Suvad) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="5859582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859582" title="Killer Tomatoes Strike Back">
Killer Tomatoes Strike Back

Killer Tomatoes Strike Back! is a 1990 film. It is the third in the "Killer Tomatoes" film series, following "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" (1978) and "Return of the Killer Tomatoes" (1988), and followed by "Killer Tomatoes Eat France" (1991). The film is notable in that it is the first time we see killer tomatoes with faces and was the only killer tomatoes film that did not begin with the traditional "Killer Tomatoes" score, although remixes play during the film. The film was a straight-to-video release.
Plot.
Police assistant Lance Boyle is a childish detective who is lumbered with worthless police cases. However, after several murders in a nearby wood that concern Killer Tomatoes, Lance finds himself working alongside Kennedy Johnson, a Tomatologist, to solve the murders.
Nearby, Professor Gangreen (John Astin) has begun using subliminal mind control on his talk show, disguised as talk show host Jeronahew. After kidnapping members of the Press and Media, Gangrene and his assistant Igor plot to use his brainwashed Press members, as well as the Subliminal Mind control, to overpower the human race and make the world a planet run by himself and his killer tomatoes.
Following countless killer tomatoes attacks, Lance and Kennedy finally reach Gangrene's hideout, where they must pit themselves against killer tomatoes, brainwashed newsreaders and a giant Bacon, Lettuce and Human sandwich, of which Kennedy may be a part. With help from FT, (Fuzzy Tomato, from "Return of the Killer Tomatoes") Lance rescues Kennedy and Gangreen is defeated, left at the mercy of the hungry killer tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="5859626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859626" title="Camp Mabry">
Camp Mabry

Camp Mabry (ICAO: KATT) is a military installation in Austin, Texas that houses the headquarters of the Texas Military Forces. Its original site, three miles (5 km) northwest of downtown west of Mopac Expressway, was deeded from the city to the state in 1892. It was named for Brigadier General Woodford H. Mabry the Adjutant General of Texas from January 23, 1891 to May 4, 1898. The camp was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Camp Mabry is the third-oldest active military installation in Texas behind Fort Sam Houston and Fort Bliss. Camp Mabry currently houses the office of the Adjutant General, as well as the headquarters of the Texas Army National Guard, the Texas Air National Guard, and the Texas State Guard. Other facilities include the 136th Regional Training Institute, state Combined Support Maintenance Shops, the armory of the 36th Infantry Division headquarters, a clinic, a parachute packing and storage facility, and additional storage buildings. In 1992 the Texas Military Forces Museum opened on the site.
For many years at the turn of the 20th century, the camp was home to annual encampments by the Texas state militia, who hosted reenactments and demonstrations for the people of Austin. Grandstands were built on the site, and further improvements to the site were funded by paid admissions to the events. By 1911, the camp had expanded to more than . The first permanent building onsite, an arsenal, was completed in 1915 and allowed military weaponry and equipment to be moved out of storage in the capitol building. 
Prior to the attacks on September 11, 2001, Camp Mabry's mile-long track that sits adjacent to Mopac was a popular destination for walkers and joggers, and the field within it was used by many youth sports teams. The track and field are still available for public use. For access to the track and museum, adult visitors must present a state or federal ID at the gate.
Camp Mabry has also operated an ICAO recognized weather station since 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="5859627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859627" title="Automated Processes, Inc.">
Automated Processes, Inc.

Automated Processes Inc. (or "API") are manufacturers of high-end recording studio equipment including stand-alone preamplifier designs, equalization units and mixing consoles. They are perhaps most noted for their modular approach to equipment manufacture with their trademark "lunchbox" design which allows "preamplifier", "compressor" and "equalizer" modules to be added to a recording studio design as budget allows. These modules include the 512c preamp, the 525 compressor, the 527 compressor, the 550a and 550b semi-parametric equalizers, and the 560 graphic equalizer.
Company history.
The company was founded in 1968 by Saul Walker and Lou Lindauer, in 1969 were producing new modular designs. By 1974, API consoles and modules had achieved considerable popularity in professional recording studios.
In 1978, Datatronix licensed the rights to API from the owners. Founder Saul Walker, and most of the original engineers including Sid Zimet, Michael tapes, and Paul Galbert, who had designed the API 554 sweep and the 954 automated equalizers, went to work for Sound Workshop.
In 1985, the assets of API were purchased by Paul Wolff, who owned the company until 1999.
In 1999 the assets of the company were purchased by ATI (Audio Toys, Inc.), manufacturer of live sound products including the Paragon live mixing console. ATI re-energized the API brand by improving quality control, manufacturing and availability of the product line, and re-established API as one of the leading analog pro audio manufacturers in the US. New product introductions, the Vision surround capable studio console and the re-engineering of the 1604 small frame console into the 1608 brought the API sound to a new generation of musicians and engineers.
In 2006 API initiated the VPR Alliance, which allows other companies to develop compatible modules for their 500 series rack system.
References.
Runstein, Robert E., "Modern Recording Techniques," 1974

</doc>
<doc id="5859644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859644" title="Louisiana's 2nd congressional district election, 2006">
Louisiana's 2nd congressional district election, 2006

The election to Louisiana's 2nd congressional district was noteworthy since the incumbent, William J. Jefferson (D), was announced under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which claimed they had videotaped him accepting 100,000 USD in bribes. The police also found money in Jefferson's freezer that was hidden amidst frozen food products. Jefferson was stripped of his membership in the Ways and Means Committee as a result.
The seat is located in heavily Democratic New Orleans. No Republican had represented this district since Reconstruction. A Republican lawyer, Joe Lavigne, ran against Jefferson, while a number of Democrats have jumped into the race, include state Senator Derrick Shepherd of Marrero, former New Orleans City Councilman Troy Carter, and state Representative Karen Carter. In mid-October, the State Democratic party voted to endorse Karen Carter, the first time in recent memory that the state party has backed a challenger to its own incumbent Congressman. 
Jefferson and Carter had finished in the top two places with 30% and 22% respectively, sending them to a run-off election where Jefferson defeated Carter 57% to 43% [http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2006/12/10/politics/main2243959.shtml].

</doc>
<doc id="5859652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859652" title="Time After Time (Alexander novel)">
Time After Time (Alexander novel)

Time After Time is a 1979 science fiction novel by Karl Alexander. Its plot speculates what might have happened if H. G. Wells had built a real time machine to travel to the 1970s in search of Jack the Ripper.
The novel was adapted to film the same year, under the same title, by Alexander's friend Nicholas Meyer who had optioned the story after reading the early pages. Meyer wrote his screenplay as Alexander finished the novel and the two freely shared ideas for their respective iterations. The film stars Malcolm McDowell as H. G. Wells, David Warner as Jack the Ripper, and Mary Steenburgen as Amy Robbins - a 20th-century bank teller with whom Wells becomes involved and whom the Ripper eventually targets as a victim.
Plot.
The novel alternates perspectives between H.G. Wells and a character initially identified only as "Stevenson." In the first chapter, Stevenson copulates with a prostitute in a 19th-century London alley and then murders her. In the next chapter, Wells is introduced showing off his brand new time machine to a group of men including Stevenson. When police arrive to announce that they have identified Jack the Ripper as Stevenson, Stevenson uses the time machine to escape, and Wells follows him. Wells finds himself in the future and befriends a young bank teller named Amy Robbins. Robbins is unaware of Wells's identity and 19th century provenance and believes him to be just a quirky old-fashioned gentleman. As Stevenson murders several women, Wells pursues him while hampered by a love affair with Robbins, to whom he does not dare tell the truth. When Wells is finally forced to confess to Robbins who he is and what he is really doing, she terminates their relationship. But Stevenson targets her next, and Wells rescues her and incapacitates Stevenson in a dramatic climax.
Critical reception.
"Kirkus Reviews" called "Time After Time" a "rather heavy-breathing, often precious or pretentious fantasy". On the other hand, Associated Press book reviewer Phil Thomas thought the book was a "well-written, most absorbing piece of escape reading" that "gives the genre a lively and much-needed shot of vitamins". A reviewer for the "Madison Courier" called Alexander "outrageously imaginative" and the book "marvelous entertainment".
After the release of Felix J. Palma's 2008 Spanish-language novel "The Map of Time", which also has a time-travel plot involving Wells and Jack the Ripper, critics commented on the similarities (and differences) between the two books.
Sequel.
In November 2009 Alexander released a sequel to the story. "Jaclyn the Ripper" sees Amy travel to 2010 to discover that Jack the Ripper has been freed from prison and transformed into a girl named Jaclyn. H.G. and Amy must navigate the new millennium with the killer on their trail.
Musical.
A musical version of the novel, with book and lyrics by Stephen Cole and music by Jeffrey Saver, had its first reading in November 2007 as part of the American Musical Theatre Project at Northwestern University in Illinois and in 2012 had its world premiere at the Pittsburgh Playhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="5859654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859654" title="Jean Fritz">
Jean Fritz

Jean Guttery Fritz (born November 16, 1915) is an American children's writer best known for American biography and history. She won the Laura Ingalls Wilder Award for her career contribution to American children's literature in 1986. 
Early life.
Jean Fritz was born to American missionaries in Hankow, China, where she lived until she was twelve. 
She was an only child (when she was eleven, a sister Miriam died one week after birth). Growing up, she went to a British school and kept a journal about her days in China with Lin Nai-Nai, her amah. The family emigrated to the United States when she was in the eighth grade.
She graduated from Wheaton College in Massachusetts in 1937 and married Michael Fritz in 1941. They had two children, David and Andrea.
Works.
Fritz's writing career started with the publication of several short stories in "Humpty Dumpty" magazine early in the 1950s. Her first book was published in 1954, "Bunny Hopwell's First Spring", followed in 1955 by "121 Pudding Street", a work based on her own children. 
She often wrote westerns and other stories of frontier America because her father told her stories of American heroes as she was growing up. Her first historical novel for children was "The Cabin Faced West" (1958).
Her autobiography "Homesick, My Own Story" (1982) won a National Book Award for Young People's Literature in the Children's Fiction category
and was a runner-up for the Newbery Medal. The latter American Library Association award recognizes the year's best American children's book but almost always goes to fiction. Later she won two annual Boston Globe–Horn Book Awards for children's nonfiction.
In 1986 she received the Laura Ingalls Wilder Medal from the ALA, which recognizes a living author or illustrator whose books, published in the United States, have made "a substantial and lasting contribution to literature for children". At the time it was awarded every three years. That year she was also U.S. nominee for the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award, the highest international recognition available to creators of children's books.
She currently lives in Dobbs Ferry, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5859656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859656" title="Joy Tanner">
Joy Tanner

Joy Tanner (born March 7, 1966) is an American-born Canadian actress, who is best known for providing the voice of Candy Kong in the animated television series "Donkey Kong Country".
Life and career.
Born in Rochester, New York, Tanner has her honors B.A. from SUNY Potsdam, worked with Tony award winning director Warren Enters at SUNY Buffalo and has her diploma from the British America Drama Academy (London and Oxford, U.K.). After moving to Canada, she began her career in film. She augmented her acting career with commercials in Canada and was the star in the Shopper’s Drug Mart and Pharmacy commercials also playing Wonder Woman in a Listerine spot (1998–2000). She was nominated for a Gemini Award in 2007 for her guest role on "ReGenesis" in the episode "Let It Burn". She also has a recurring role on "" as Mrs. Coyne.

</doc>
<doc id="5859667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859667" title="Rock Island Bridge">
Rock Island Bridge

Rock Island Bridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5859673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859673" title="Robert E. Wood (Canadian painter)">
Robert E. Wood (Canadian painter)

Robert E. Wood (1919 – 1980) hailed from Mount Dennis, Ontario, now a suburb of Toronto, Canada. Wood was a graduate of the Ontario College of Art and studied under Arthur Lismer and Fred Varley. He was also greatly encouraged by the great art teacher J.W. Beatty.
He inherited his love of the season from his mother and his love of nature from the Wood family. His father and grandfather were ministers, and Wood himself was a deeply religious man. He explored the avenues of various forms of art such as abstract, but settled on true representational art as the medium in which he desired to express himself.
Wood's paintings were a reflection of the man. He painted what he liked, the way he liked. When he made a statement on canvas, it was clear, crisp, richly coloured, deliberate and unapologetic. His favorites were those of the sea, where he felt most at peace with the world.
His landscapes, seascapes and still life canvasses made him a well-recognized Canadian artist. Apart from growing up in Ontario, he lived in many places throughout his life including Winnipeg, Calgary, Victoria, North Vancouver, Greenwood, Courtenay, New Westminster, Texada Island, Duncan and Comox, among others.
Wood started teaching in 1955 when a small group approached him and asked if he would help them in their efforts. He taught countless art courses over the years, and many of his students went into the professional field. Both his son, Karl E. Wood and grandson, Robert E. Wood became notable artists in their own right.

</doc>
<doc id="5859688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859688" title="R469 road (Ireland)">
R469 road (Ireland)

The R469 road is a regional road in Ireland linking Kilmurry to Ennis. The road is entirely in County Clare.

</doc>
<doc id="5859695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859695" title="Magdalena Samozwaniec">
Magdalena Samozwaniec

Magdalena Samozwaniec née Kossak (Krakow, 26 July 1894 – 20 October 1972, Warsaw) was a Polish writer. The Kossak family is known for many artists including her father Wojciech Kossak, her brother Jerzy and sister Maria.

</doc>
<doc id="5859710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859710" title="Olsson">
Olsson

Olsson is a common Swedish surname. It is a contraction of the surname Olofsson and it literally means "son of Olof" and seldom also "son of Ola". It may refer to the following people (Swedish, unless stated otherwise):

</doc>
<doc id="5859714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859714" title="Saratoga, Texas">
Saratoga, Texas

Saratoga is an unincorporated community in Hardin County, Texas, United States. It is located thirty-eight miles northwest of Beaumont. The zip code is 77585.
Saratoga is part of the Beaumont–Port Arthur Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Historical development.
The original name for this community was "New Sour Lake". The first significant landmark discovery of this area was the sulfur-smelling spring by J. F. Cotton in the 1850s. As late as 1865 he tried to establish an oil well on the site, but failed due to inadequate machinery.
In the 1880s a man named P. S. Watts wanted to profit from the spring using the unique "medicinal" properties of the water (a popular trend at the time). To draw would-be visitors to the site, Watts changed the name of the site to "Saratoga" to replicate the famous resort at Saratoga Springs, New York.
He built a hotel and rental cottages for potential customers, but only a few came.<br> Years later, with the success of the Lucas Gusher within Spindletop at Beaumont, the first profitable wells would be drilled at Saratoga. In 1904 an extension of the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe Railway would be built from Saratoga to Bragg Station.
The railroad also created the business opportunity to profit from the lumber industry. The town's population would fluctuate from 1000 in 1925 down to 350 in the early 1950s and back to over 1000 in recent years. Although the Saratoga trunk line running north from the town was dismantled in 1934, new oil wells have been drilled as recently as the early 1980s.
There were oil wells drilled in Saratoga into the early 1990s also.
Education.
Saratoga is served by the West Hardin County Consolidated Independent School District.

</doc>
<doc id="5859723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859723" title="John Ralston (actor)">
John Ralston (actor)

John Ralston (born October 9, 1964) is a Canadian actor.
Ralston's most notable roles are George Venturi on "Life with Derek", and his role as Mr. Avenir on "Strange Days at Blake Holsey High". Although John Ralston was born in Chatham, New Brunswick (Miramichi, New Brunswick), he grew up in Fredericton and St. Andrews, New Brunswick. He became interested in acting while going after a diploma in jazz studies at St. Francis Xavier University in Nova Scotia. He lived in St. Stephen, New Brunswick.
In 2006 and 2007, he was featured in Toyota Tundra truck commercials airing in Canada and starred as Ming the Merciless in the 2007 Sci-Fi Channel original series "Flash Gordon". In 2008 he was in the Lifetime movie "A Near Death Experience".
He now lives in Toronto, Canada.
In July 2013, Ralston began to appear on "Degrassi" in its 13th season.

</doc>
<doc id="5859728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859728" title="Oldest Saga of St. Olaf">
Oldest Saga of St. Olaf

The Oldest Saga of St. Olaf or the First Saga of St. Olaf is one of the kings' sagas. It is the earliest Norse biography of King Óláfr Haraldsson. Early scholars judged it to be among the very first sagas written, perhaps around 1160, but later scholarship has moved the date up to the end of the 12th century. One fragment with a hagiographic flavour was once thought to belong to the saga but more recent research indicates that it is from another text. Like other kings' sagas the "Oldest Saga" cites old skaldic poetry to decorate and verify the narrative.
Only six or seven short fragments are preserved of the work but the "Legendary Saga of St. Olaf" is clearly heavily based on it and often used to make assumptions about its scope. Snorri Sturluson used the "Oldest Saga" or some work derived from it when he composed his "Separate Saga of St. Olaf" and the "Heimskringla". Styrmir Kárason is also thought to have used the "Oldest Saga" in the composition of his "Óláfs saga".

</doc>
<doc id="5859733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859733" title="Still Payin' Dues">
Still Payin' Dues

Still Payin' Dues is a DVD released by the rap metal band P.O.D. on November, 2002. It contains a look at the band's ten-year history, a photo gallery with over 200 pictures, music videos, and footage from P.O.D.'s Youth Of The Nation Tour which took place in 2002.
Playlist:

</doc>
<doc id="5859740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859740" title="Daniel Magder">
Daniel Magder

Daniel R. Magder (born December 12, 1991) is a Canadian actor. He has appeared in such projects such as "The Famous Jett Jackson", and "X-Men". One of his most recent roles is on "Life with Derek", where he portrays Edwin Venturi. He graduated Thornlea Secondary School in Thornhill, Ontario. After attending the University of British Columbia for his first year, he transferred to the Vancouver Film School's writing for film and television course, which he completed in December 2011. He is a brother of the Alpha Epsilon Pi Fraternity, Beta Chi chapter.

</doc>
<doc id="5859743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859743" title="Priestfield">
Priestfield

Priestfield may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="5859753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859753" title="Paperfaces">
Paperfaces

"Paperfaces" is the fourth and final single from UK rock band Feeder's 1999 album "Yesterday Went Too Soon". The version released on the single is a re-recording from that of the album version.
Upon release, the single was given little promotion by UK radio judging by the C-list placing on BBC Radio 1, as the previous two singles were played a lot more before release, and due to this the single only charted in the UK at #41. Frontman Grant Nicholas said the band were invited to perform the track on "TFI Friday", but decided to U-turn on the band and instead gave the slot to the Stereophonics, meaning they appeared twice on the show and Feeder missed out on widespread promotion for this single.
However, ever since the release of "The Singles" with an extra DVD of the band's videos, the song has seen a new lease of life. "Paperfaces" is about the idea of somebody ending a relationship, and then realising afters that the person they were with was somebody who meant a lot to them.

</doc>
<doc id="5859754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859754" title="Paul Austin Kelly">
Paul Austin Kelly

Paul Austin Kelly (born 1960) is an American singer. A former rock musician who has sung opera, the tenor and also writes, records and performs music for children.
Musical beginnings.
Kelly attended Rondout Valley High School in Accord, New York and the Hartt School of Music in West Hartford, Connecticut. When he began his music career he fronted bands with names such as Legend, Black Dog and Guilded Spice. Kelly sang an eclectic mix of rock, pop music, folk and jazz. It wasn’t until he went to college that the operatic potential of his voice was discovered.
Opera performances.
Kelly has sung with the Metropolitan Opera, the Royal Opera at Covent Garden, and La Scala in Milan, Italy. The role of Count Almaviva in Rossini's "The Barber of Seville" has become his signature role.
Kelly has also made live performances on BBC Radio.
Recording.
Kelly is an artist on the Opera Rara music label.
In 2003 he launched the Walking Oliver children's music label. The label won the National Parenting Publications Award (NAPPA) in the children's music category for the CD "Hello Michael Rosen". The recording featured the poetry of children's literature icon Michael Rosen set to original music by Kelly. on the Walking Oliver CD titled "Dreams", Kelly provided music and vocals for poems composed by primary school children from across the UK who had been chosen as winners of the first Walking Oliver Poetry in Song Contest.
In 2008 Kelly recorded the CD "The Song Is You" with British jazz pianist and producer Kenny Clayton. The CD contains popular music from the Great American Songbook by such composers as Rodgers and Hart, Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II.
In 2009 Kelly recorded "Where Did The Dinosaurs Go?" a CD recorded on the Walking Oliver label. The CD won an iParenting Media Award for Outstanding Audio.
Personal life.
Kelly lives in Lewes in southern England. It was while performing with the nearby Glyndebourne Opera early in his career that he became enamored of the local area and decided to settle there with his wife, Carol. He still returns to his native country.

</doc>
<doc id="5859758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859758" title="New Inlet">
New Inlet

New Inlet was an inlet along the Outer Banks of North Carolina joining the Pamlico Sound with the Atlantic Ocean. It has not existed since 1945.
History.
New Inlet first opened around 1738, separating Bodie Island from Hatteras Island. When a hurricane opened Oregon Inlet about 11 miles to the north in 1846, the land between New Inlet and Oregon Inlet became known as Pea Island. New Inlet now separated Hatteras Island from Pea Island.
The opening of the wider Oregon Inlet meant less water flowed through New Inlet, and by 1922 the inlet had closed.
In 1933, the inlet, or at least one nearby, briefly reopened after a strong hurricane, but it closed only a few months later. Pea Island was a contiguous part of Hatteras Island until the passage of Hurricane Irene in August 2011. The storm re-opened New Inlet, once again separating Pea Island from Hatteras Island. The North Carolina Department of Transportation has erected a temporary road bridge on North Carolina Highway 12 spanning New Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="5859768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859768" title="Transport Development Group">
Transport Development Group

The Transport Development Group provides highways advice upon planning applications, HGV licence applications, development proposals and development plans for the English county of Somerset.

</doc>
<doc id="5859773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859773" title="Vincent Aspey">
Vincent Aspey

Vincent Aspey (5 January 1909-18 April 1987) was a violinist, born in England, but raised in New Zealand, who rose to the rank of the first violinist of the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra. In his later life, he taught violin to students, even those less willing, of the Raumati and Paraparaumu Colleges of New Zealand. 
Notable amongst his many abilities, was a tremendous ability for sight-reading, which undoubtedly helped him impart his knowledge of the violin, as all pieces were accessible to him, so that he could quickly absorb a piece, then suggest, according to his own musicality and experience, how it could be played, and how the piece could improve a player's own musicality.
His concert violin was a Guarneri, with a deeper and less brilliant tone than a Stradivari. 
He also played the viola, to approximately the same standard he played the violin. Vincent was about 5'8" but had good long fingers. 
His wife was an accomplished cellist. 
Aspey attended New South Wales State Conservatorium from August 1928 to February 1929. In 1958, he was awarded an MBE. Victoria University of Wellington awarded him an honorary doctorate in 1974.
Personal life.
Aspey was born in Hindley, Lancashire, on 5 January 1909. His father was Thomas Aspey, a coalminer, and his mother was Alice Berry, Thomas's wife. He had an older brother. The family moved to Huntly, New Zealand in 1911, and Aspey later attended Huntly School.
He married Elspeth Jean Clarkson in Auckland on 7 January 1939, and they had two sons. He died in Raumati on 18 April 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5859783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859783" title="Van Hall Instituut">
Van Hall Instituut

The Van Hall Instituut is part of the (vocational) University of Professional Education "Van Hall-Larenstein", and is specialised in agriculture, food technology, and environmental and animal sciences. Van-Hall Larenstein is part of Wageningen University and research centre. It is a teaching, training, and research centre in the north of the Netherlands offering students Bachelor and Specialist degree programmes, which focus on such themes as nature, the environment, animal care, rural resources, sustainability, and nutrition.
The Van Hall Instituut is named after Herman van Hall (1801–74), a professor from the University of Groningen.
Also the Van Hall Instituut has got a sorority named S.V. Osiris, that is founded on the first of Januari, 1996. All students of all the different majors or bachelors can become a member of this sorority.
Locations.
The Van Hall Instituut has two locations.

</doc>
<doc id="5859807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859807" title="Legal procurator">
Legal procurator

A legal procurator is a warranted legal professional in Malta who assists advocates in lawsuits in courts of various levels. A legal procurator also has rights of audience in lower courts of that country. The profession also existed until recently in Italy, until it was abrogated and all legal procurators were given the right to practise as advocates.

</doc>
<doc id="5859831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859831" title="Eugenio de Bellard Pietri">
Eugenio de Bellard Pietri

Eugenio de Bellard Pietri (born in Maracaibo, Venezuela, died on in Caracas) was a noted speleologist. He was the founder of speleology in Venezuela and a member of the Academy of Sciences and Letters of Venezuela, Vice-President of the Venezuelan Society of Natural Sciences and Director of its Speleological groups since 1952 when he founded this section. He was also a member of several Speleological and Conservation societies such as the French Federation of Speleology, the Explorers Club and the National Speleological Society (USA).
Early life.
He was the son of Eugene Pignat de Bellard and Mercedes Pietri Boulton. Eugene Pignat de Bellard was an American physician giving his services to the oil industry of the area of Maracaibo. Mercedes Pietri was the daughter of a well-respected family in Caracas, who own a large cacao plantation in Barlovento. 
After obtaining his high school Diploma from the Colegio San Ignacio in Caracas he entered the Universidad Central de Venezuela (UCV). During the late 1940s several students saw a communist threat in the advent to government of a bunch of radical far-left politicians and decided to forestall the feared red invasion. They began by sticking anti-communism posters throughout the town. After a series of police raids netting several UCV "hotheads" and serious government warnings to the student’s parents, de Bellard Sr. decided to pack his son off to Colombia, to study at Bogotá University. The elder de Bellard wanted his son to follow in his own steps as a physician. While a sophomore there, Eugenio virtually witnessed the assassination of Colombia’s popular leader Jorge Eliecer Gaitan and the carnage ensuing the murder of Colombia’s hope for democratization in politics. Seeing thousands of deaths, mass imprisonment and a resurfacing of the traditional Colombian animosity against Venezuelans, made Eugenio decide to return to Caracas and tell his father that he wanted to study law. He went to Spain, where he became a lawyer at Salamanca University. Back in Venezuela he obtained his doctorate in law at Merida Los Andes University. Then he joined Shell de Venezuela and in 1969 became secretary of the board of Directors until 1974, a post he again held in PDVSA between 1979 and 1981, and in Corpoven from 1985 until 1987 when he retired.
Cave exploration.
Eugenio de Bellard was the first Venezuelan to make cave exploration a serious dedication, and throughout his life he worked to make the first speleological atlas of Venezuela. Among the many explorations he carried the best and most appreciated is the one he headed in 1957 to reach the end of the Cueva del Guácharo, when they crossed beyond what was until then thought the end of the cave and instead they found that there were 8 more kilometers left of galleries and stunning rooms.
He headed several cave searching and exploring multi-discipline expeditions; the last of which in 1987, he discovered and/or explored 40 new seashore caves in the eastern Paria Peninsula, and conducted research on the flora and fauna of the peninsula. Among them is that there are more than 300 caves in Paria alone and are populated by "guacharos" ("Steatornis caripensis") which are unusual, because these caves are all at sea level and it was believed that guacharos only dwelled at higher altitudes, never below 500 meters.
He directed and organized three successful explorations into the Amazon jungle, to places like the top of Tepuis with gigantic holes, to Tapirapeco, where they were the first non-Amazonian humans to be seen by several tribes in the border between Brazil and Venezuela. These expedition brought an enormous wealth of new species to science and proved that the high tepuis of the Amazon were isolated enough to allow the evolution of separate species of insects, orchids, lizards and even birds.
Eugenio de Bellard has published several scientific works, among them a History of Speleology in Venezuela that covers the time between 1678 and 1950.
Missile crisis.
During the missile crisis in the USA with Russia. In his own words: “During the serious international ordeal of October 1962, when the Kennedy/Kruschev crisis blew up due to Russian nuclear missiles shipped to Fidel Castro’s Cuba, he released important information to the Caracas American embassy on caves that had been visited in the country by the polish engineer that was accused in world press as one of the technicians that set up rockets with nuclear warheads in Cuban caves: Maciej Kuczynski” ("Letter to the USA Embassy in Caracas Venezuela, August 5, 1995"). It happens to be that both himself and Kuczynski were speleologists and had initiated a fair correspondence since June 1958. Thus it happened that Kuczynski mentioned in some detail in his 1962 letters to de Bellard quite a number of Cuban caves he had explored. Such information was presented as a help to be used by American intelligence for exactly locating where the missiles threatening the USA were placed.
Awards.
During the nearly 30 years he spent in the oil industry, he found time to be elected member of the Academy of Physical, Mathematics and Natural Sciences; has been awarded the 1978 National Conservation Prize; and the Gold Medal by the Venezuelan Society of Natural Sciences for several achievements, among them the creation of the Society’s Speleology Group.

</doc>
<doc id="5859838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859838" title="Sigurd Eysteinsson">
Sigurd Eysteinsson

Sigurd Eysteinsson (aka Sigurd the Mighty, ruled "circa" 875–892) was the second Viking Earl of Orkney, who succeeded his brother Rognvald Eysteinsson. He was a leader in the Viking conquest of what is now northern Scotland. Bizarrely, he was killed by the severed head of one his enemies, Máel Brigte, who may have been mórmaer of Moray. Sigurd strapped Máel Brigte's head to his saddle as a trophy of conquest, and as he rode, Máel Brigte's teeth grazed against Sigurd's leg. The wound became infected and Sigurd died.
Heimskringla and Orkneyinga.
The two main sources for Sigurd's life are the Norse "Heimskringla" and "Orkneyinga" sagas. According to the sagas, after the Battle of Hafrsfjord unified the Norwegian kingdom in or after 872, the Orkney and Shetland islands became a refuge for exiled Vikings, who raided their former homeland. The king of Norway, Harald Finehair, subdued the pirate Vikings with the aid of Rognvald Eysteinsson of Møre. 
During the conquest, Rognvald's son, Ivar, was killed, and in compensation for his loss Harald gave Rognvald the islands along with the title of Jarl or Earl. With the consent of Harald, Rognvald transferred the title and lands to his brother Sigurd, who was one of Harald's forecastlemen. The "Historia Norvegiæ", written around the same time as the sagas but from a different source, corroborates the conquest of the islands by Rognvald's family, but omits any details.
In league with Thorstein the Red, Sigurd expanded his domains to the Scottish mainland, and conquered Caithness and Sutherland at least as far south as "Ekkjalsbakka", which some sources say was in Moray, but was much more likely to be farther north somewhere along the banks of the river Oykel. His exploits in conquering the north of Scotland became legendary and earned him the epithet, "the Mighty", or in Old Norse "ríki".
Sigurd's Howe.
According to the "Orkneyinga saga", towards the end of his reign, Sigurd challenged a native ruler, Máel Brigte the Bucktoothed, to a 40-man-a-side battle. Treacherously, Sigurd brought 80 men to the fight. Máel Brigte was defeated and beheaded. Sigurd strapped the head to his saddle as a trophy, but as Sigurd rode, Máel Brigte's buck-tooth scratched his leg. The leg became inflamed and infected, and as a result Sigurd died. He was buried in a tumulus known as Sigurd's Howe, or "Sigurðar-haugr", from the Old Norse word "haugr" meaning mound or barrow. The location of Sigurd's Howe is most probably modern-day Sidera or Cyderhall near Dornoch.
Sigurd's death was apparently followed by a period of instability. He was succeeded by his son Guttorm, who died within a few months. Rognvald made his son Hallad Earl of Orkney, but Hallad could not contain the pirate Vikings, resigned his earldom and returned to Norway in disgrace. The sagas say that Rognvald's other sons were more interested in conquering places other than Scotland, and so the earldom was given to Rognvald's youngest son, Einarr, whose mother was a slave.

</doc>
<doc id="5859845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859845" title="New South Wales Greenhouse Gas Abatement Scheme">
New South Wales Greenhouse Gas Abatement Scheme

The New South Wales Greenhouse Gas Abatement Scheme (also known as GGAS), which commenced on 1 January 2003, is a mandatory greenhouse gas emissions trading scheme that aims to lower greenhouse gas emissions to 7.27 tonnes of carbon dioxide per capita by the year 2007.
The NSW Minister for Energy, Chris Hartcher, announced closure of the scheme in April 2012, effective from 30 June 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="5859849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859849" title="Alaska Native Language Center">
Alaska Native Language Center

The Alaska Native Language Center, established in 1972 in Fairbanks, Alaska, is a research center focusing on the research and documentation of the Alaska's Native languages. It publishes grammars, dictionaries, folklore collections and research materials, as well as hosting an extensive archive of written materials relating to Eskimo, North Athabaskan and related languages. The Center provides training, materials and consultation for educators, researchers and others working with Alaska Native languages. The closely affiliated Alaska Native Language Program offers degrees in Central Yup'ik and Inupiaq at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, and works toward the documentation and preservation of these languages.
New Language Map.
In 1974, Michael Krauss published a language map of Alaska, which he later updated in 1982. It has remained the standard since then. In the summer of 2011, the Alaska Native Language Center made an update to Krauss's map. One of the biggest reasons for this update was that some of the names of these languages had changed over the years. While there was not a dramatic change in the updated map, the new edition is entirely digital.

</doc>
<doc id="5859874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859874" title="Keith West">
Keith West

Keith Alan Hopkins, better known by his stage name, Keith West (born 6 December 1943, Dagenham, Essex, England) was the lead singer of Tomorrow, a 1960s psychedelic rock band. West composed most of the band's songs (duly credited to Keith Hopkins). Despite critical acclaim and support from BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel, who featured them on his "Perfumed Garden" show, the band was not a commercial success.
In 1964, West became lead singer of "In Crowd" a rock band from London, which was then renamed Tomorrow. Another member of that earlier band was the guitarist Steve Howe (later Yes). In 1967 West became acquainted with Mark Wirtz, a producer who had already created the instrumental title, "A Touch of Velvet, a Sting of Brass" (1965). Later on, the melody became the theme music for the German television programs, "Beat-Club" and "Musikladen".
West himself is perhaps better known as a participant of Wirtz's "A Teenage Opera". He was the singer of "Excerpt from A Teenage Opera", also known as "Grocer Jack", which reached #2 on the UK Singles Chart in 1967. He also performed "Sam," which reached the bottom end of the UK Top 40 the same year. 
In 1968, West released the single "On A Saturday" on Parlophone, which failed to chart in the UK. Other musicians who appeared on the single were the guitarist Howe, bassist Ronnie Wood, and drummer Aynsley Dunbar. It has since been included on the remastered CD version of the "Tomorrow" album (1999).
In 1971, West released a solo album, "Wherever My Love Goes" on the German progressive rock record label, Kuckuck. It featured his songwriting partner Ken Burgess and steel guitarist Glenn Ross Campbell (ex-The Misunderstood). Two tracks of it were produced by Andrew Loog Oldham.
By the mid 1970s, West was the lead singer for a group called Moonrider. Moonrider also featured John Weider (Family etc.), Chico Greenwood (later to perform with Murray Head) and Bruce Thomas.
West continues to produce and record music, which is used primarily within the advertising industry.

</doc>
<doc id="5859908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859908" title="Nova Scotia Route 206">
Nova Scotia Route 206

Route 206 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Richmond County and loops around the southwest portion of Isle Madame, connecting with Route 320 at both of its ends.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5859926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859926" title="Lauriston Castle">
Lauriston Castle

Lauriston Castle is a 16th-century tower house with 19th-century extensions overlooking the Firth of Forth, in Edinburgh, Scotland. It lies on Cramond Road South, between Cramond and Davidson's Mains. The substantial grounds, Lauriston Castle Gardens, operate as a local park.
History.
A Lauriston Castle stood on this site in medieval times but was almost totally destroyed in the raids on Edinburgh in 1544 by the earl of Hertford.
A tower house was re-built around 1590 by Sir Archibald Napier of Merchiston, father of John Napier, for his younger son, also named Archibald. Later, it was the home of John Law (1671–1729), the economist, Right Hon. Andrew Lord Rutherfurd (1791–1854), and Thomas Macknight Crawfurd of Cartsburn and Lauriston Castle, 8th Baron of Cartsburn from 1871 to 1902. In 1827, Thomas Allan, a banker and mineralogist, commissioned William Burn (1789–1870) to extend the house in the Jacobean style. 
William Robert Reid, proprietor of Morison & Co., an Edinburgh cabinetmaking business, acquired Lauriston Castle in 1902, installed modern plumbing and electricity, and he and his wife Margaret filled the house with a collection of fine furniture and artwork. The Reids, being childless, left their home to Scotland on the condition that it should be preserved unchanged. The City of Edinburgh has administered the house since Mrs Reid's death in 1926, which today offers a glimpse of Edwardian life in a Scottish country house. 
In 1905, during one of its numerous refurbishments, a stone carving of an astrological horoscope was installed in the outer wall, on the southwest corner. The horoscope was reputedly done by John Napier for his brother. It can be seen in some pictures on the front wall, beneath the left-most stair tower, near the ground.
Design.
Lauriston Castle was originally a four-storey, stone L plan tower house, with a circular stair tower, with two storey angle turrets complete with gun loops. A Jacobean range was added in 1827, to convert it to a country manor. This was designed by the prominent architect William Burn.
The majority of the interior is Edwardian.
Gardens.
The gardens at Lauriston include a notable Japanese garden of one hectare. The garden, built by Takashi Sawano, and dedicated as the Edinburgh-Kyoto Friendship Garden, opened in August 2002.
At the back of the castle there are beautiful views of the Firth of Forth, which are enjoyed by members of the Edinburgh Croquet Club on the three croquet lawns laid out on the castle grounds between 1950 and 1955.
To the east the gardens include some excellent mature examples of monkey puzzle trees (Araucaria araucana).
The site is also famed for its bluebell wood.
Ghost.
Lauriston Castle, like so many other Scottish castles, is reputedly haunted. It is said that the sound of ghostly footsteps can be heard.

</doc>
<doc id="5859927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859927" title="Chaos Communication Camp">
Chaos Communication Camp

The Chaos Communication Camp is an international meeting of hackers that takes place every four years, organized by the Chaos Computer Club (CCC).
The camp is an event for providing information about technical and societal issues, such as privacy, freedom of information and data security. Hosted speeches are held in big tents and conducted in English as well as German. Each participant may pitch a tent and connect to a fast internet connection and power.
The 2007 event took place at Finowfurt near Berlin from the 8th to the 12th of August. Previous sessions have taken place in 1999 and 2003 at the "Paulshof" next to Altlandsberg near Berlin.
The 2011 camp took place from August 10 to 14 in Finowfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="5859932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859932" title="Craig Romero">
Craig Romero

Craig Francis Romero (born September 25, 1954) is a New Iberia corporate salesman who represented District 22 in the Louisiana State Senate from 1993 to 2008. The district includes the parishes of Iberia, Lafayette, St. Martin, and Vermilion. Romero was president of the Iberia Parish government from 1984 to 1992. He unsuccessfully ran as a Republican for the U.S. House of Representatives in Louisiana's Third Congressional District in both 2004 and 2006. 
In 2004, Romero ran for the Third District seat but finished third in the state's unique jungle primary. The seat in question was formerly held from 1980 to 2005 by Wilbert Joseph "Billy" Tauzin, Jr., a Democrat-turned-Republican. In the 2004 race, Romero faced the retiring Tauzin's son, Republican Billy Tauzin III and Democrat Charlie Melancon of Napoleonville, the seat of Assumption Parish, a sugar lobbyist and former State Representative with a long family history in Louisiana's sugar industry. The race was highly controversial, as the elder Tauzin convinced the state Republican party to endorse his son, upsetting many of Romero's supporters and fueling charges of nepotism. In the home stretch of the race, the Tauzin campaign released several advertisements accusing Romero of being a liberal, most notably claiming that he supported the legalization of sodomy. Under the jungle primary system, if the leading candidate does not receive over 50 percent of the vote, the top two finishers in a race - regardless of party affiliation - advance to a runoff election, which is held several weeks after the national general election. On election day, Romero missed the primary by a razor-thin margin, receiving 22 percent of the vote to Melancon's 23 percent and Tauzin's 32 percent. Another factor contributing to Romero's defeat may have been his refusal in 2003 to endorse the Republican candidate for governor, Bobby Jindal, who lost to the Democrat Kathleen Babineaux Blanco of Lafayette.
Romero remained upset with Tauzin over his campaign's negative attacks and the manner in which the state party endorsed him, and thus remained neutral for the runoff, refusing to endorse Tauzin. Melancon defeated Tauzin by just over 500 votes, leading many political observers to speculate that the rift with Romero and his supporters cost Tauzin the election. 
In 2006, Romero ran for the seat again as the only GOP candidate. (map). In a year adverse to Republicans nationally, Romero was handily defeated by freshman incumbent Democrat Melancon in the November 7, 2006, midterm election. In addition to a political atmosphere hostile to Republicans and the natural advantage of incumbency, some pundits have speculated that Melancon benefited from a "halo effect" for what was perceived to be a strong response to Hurricane Katrina.
Personal history.
Romero is a political science graduate of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, formerly known as the University of Southwestern Louisiana. He is affiliated with the Louisiana Cattleman's Association and the Charolais Breeders Association. He is a member of the Louisiana Worker's Compensation Board. He is a former member of the Legislative Audit Advisory Council. He is a former appointee to the advisory committee to the secretary of the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality. Romero is a former member of the Louisiana Parks and Recreation Commission and the Police Jury (county commission in other states) Association. Previously, he was named "Man of the Year" by the New Iberia Jaycees. He has also been affiliated with St. Edwards Church School in New Iberia. He is Roman Catholic. Romero is married to the former Pamela Hulin (born 1956).They have seven children, Nicholas, Hannah, Jacob, Sarah, Bethany, Danielle, and Isaac.
Romero was ineligible to seek reelection in 2007. He was succeeded by a Democrat, outgoing State Representative Troy Hebert of Jeanerette, who narrowly defeated Republican Jeff Landry of New Iberia, 14,876 votes (51 percent) to 14,208 (49 percent) in the November 17 general election. Landry was a legislative aide to Romero and the outgoing's senator's preferred choice as his successor. Landry is a candidate in 2010 for the Republican nomination for the Third District U.S. House seat.
Romero was originally elected as a Democrat to the Senate seat in 1993 to succeed Democrat Oswald A. Decuir, who resigned. He switched to Republican affiliation on September 6, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5859935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859935" title="Irish Architectural Archive">
Irish Architectural Archive

The Irish Architectural Archive was established in 1976 by Dr Edward McParland and Nicholas Robinson to collect and preserve material of every kind relating to the architecture of Ireland, and make it available to the public. It is based in Merrion Square, Dublin, a notable example of the city's Georgian architecture.
The Archive comprises over 3,500 individual acquisitions, ranging from single items - a book, pamphlet, drawing or photograph - to the thousands of drawings and files created by large architectural practices.
The collections represent the largest body of historic architectural records in Ireland. They include the most significant body of historic Irish architectural drawings in the world, with in excess of 250,000 drawings ranging in date from the late seventeenth to the twentieth centuries. Also housed in the Archive are over 400,000 photographs, making this one of the largest collections of photographs in Ireland, and an extensive reference library, with more than 15,000 items of printed matter. 

</doc>
<doc id="5859950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859950" title="When Worlds Collide (1951 film)">
When Worlds Collide (1951 film)

When Worlds Collide is a 1951 science fiction film based on the 1933 novel co-written by Philip Gordon Wylie and Edwin Balmer. The film was shot in Technicolor, directed by Rudolph Maté and was the winner of the 1951 Academy Award for special effects.
Producer George Pal considered making a sequel based on the novel "After Worlds Collide", but the box office failure of his 1955 "Conquest of Space" made it impossible.
Plot.
Pilot David Randall is paid to fly top-secret photographs from South African astronomer Dr. Emery Bronson to Dr. Cole Hendron in America. Hendron, with the assistance of his daughter Joyce, confirms their worst fears—Bronson has discovered a star named Bellus that is on a collision course with Earth.
Hendron warns the delegates of the United Nations that the end of the world is little more than eight months away. He pleads for the construction of spaceships to transport a lucky few to Zyra, a planet in orbit around Bellus, in the faint hope that it can sustain life and save the human race from extinction. However, other, equally distinguished scientists scoff at his claims, and he is not believed. Hendron receives help from wealthy humanitarian friends, who arrange a lease on a former proving ground to construct a spaceship. To finance the construction, Hendron is forced to accept money from self-centered, wheelchair-bound industrialist Sidney Stanton. Stanton demands the right to select the passengers, but Hendron insists that he is not qualified to make those choices and that all he can buy is a single seat on the ark.
Joyce becomes attracted to Randall and prods her father into finding reasons to keep him around, much to the annoyance of her boyfriend, medical doctor Tony Drake. The ship's construction is a race against time. As Bellus nears, and Hendron’s predictions become apparent, former skeptics admit that Hendron is right and governments prepare for the inevitable. Groups in other nations also begin building ships. Martial law is declared and residents in coastal regions are moved to inland cities.
Bellus first makes a close approach, its gravitational attraction causing massive earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, and tidal waves that wreak havoc. Several people are killed at the construction camp, including Dr. Bronson. In the aftermath, Drake and Randall travel by helicopter to provide assistance to survivors. When Randall alights to rescue a little boy, Drake has to resist a strong temptation to strand him.
As the day of doom approaches, the ship is loaded with food, medicine, microfiche copies of books, equipment, and animals. Finally, most of the passengers are selected by lottery, though Hendron reserves seats for a handful of people: himself, Stanton, Joyce, Drake, pilot Dr. George Frey, the young boy who was rescued, and Randall, for his daughter's sake. When a young man turns in his winning ticket because his girl was not selected, Hendron arranges for both to go. Randall refuses his seat and only pretends to participate in the lottery, believing that he has no useful skills. For Joyce's sake, Drake fabricates a "heart condition" for Frey, making a backup pilot necessary. Randall is the obvious choice.
The cynical Stanton becomes increasingly anxious as time passes. Knowing human nature, he fears what the desperate lottery losers might do. As a precaution, he has stockpiled weapons. Stanton's suspicions prove to be well-founded. His much-abused assistant, Ferris, tries to get himself added to the crew at gunpoint, only to be shot dead by Stanton. During the final night, the selected passengers and animals are quietly moved to the launch pad to protect them from more violence.
Shortly before takeoff, many of the lottery losers riot, taking up Stanton's weapons to try to force their way aboard. Hendron stays behind at the last moment, forcibly keeping the crippled Stanton and his wheelchair from boarding in order to lighten the spaceship. With an effort born of desperation, Stanton stands up and starts walking in a futile attempt to board the ship before it takes off.
The crew are rendered unconscious by the acceleration and do not witness the disturbing view of Earth's collision with Bellus, shown on the television monitor. When Randall comes to and sees Dr. Frey already awake, he realizes he was deceived. 
As they approach Zyra, the fuel runs out and Randall has to make an unpowered rough landing. The passengers disembark and find the planet to be habitable. David Randall and Joyce Hendron walk hand in hand to explore their new home.
Production.
The production of a film based on the original novels had first been considered by Cecil B. DeMille in the 1930s. When George Pal began considering a film version, he initially wanted a more lavish production with a larger budget. However, he ended up scaling back his plans. Douglas Fairbanks Jr. was first considered for the role of Dave Randall, before Richard Derr was selected for the part.
Chesley Bonestell is credited with the artwork for the film. He created the design for the space ark that was constructed for the journey to the other world. The final scene in the movie showing the landscape on the alien world was actually a sketch made by Bonestell. Because of budget constraints, the director used the sketch rather than a finished matte painting; drawing criticism as a result. The poor quality still image showing a drowned New York City is often attributed to Bonestell, but was not actually made by him.
The Differential analyzer at UCLA is shown briefly near the beginning of the film. It verifies the hand calculations, confirming "There is no error."
Reception.
Freelance writer Melvin E. Matthews calls the film a "doomsday parable for the nuclear age of the '50s". Emory University physics professor Sidney Perkowitz notes that this film is the first in a long list of movies where "science wielded by a heroic scientist confronts a catastrophe". He calls the special effects exceptional. Librarian and filmographer Charles P. Mitchell was critical of the "scientific gaffes that dilute the storyline", as well as a "failure to provide consistent first class effects". He pointed out that there were inconsistencies in the script, such as the disappearance of Dr. Bronson in the second half of the film, and the story of what happened with the sister spacecraft being built by other nations. He summarizes by saying that, "the large number of plot defects are annoying and prevent this admirable effort from achieving top-drawer status".
Cultural references.
"When Worlds Collide" is one of the many classic films referenced in the opening theme ("Science Fiction/Double Feature") of both the stage musical "The Rocky Horror Show" (1973) and its cinematic counterpart, "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" (1976).
"When Worlds Collide" is the title of a 1975 album (the related single is "Did Worlds Collide?") by Richard Hudson and John Ford, their third release after leaving Strawbs.
In "" (1982), two cargo containers can be seen labeled "Bellus" and "Zyra" in the Genesis cave.
In the film "L.A. Confidential" (1997), the publisher of a trashy tabloid arranges for a publicity-loving LAPD officer to arrest a young actor on the night of this film's premiere, resulting in photos of the arrest with the theatre holding the premiere in the background accompanied by the headline "Movie Premiere Pot Bust" (the scene is shown taking place in 1953, long after the 1951 premiere of "When Worlds Collide").
"When Worlds Collide" is the title of a single by the heavy metal band Powerman 5000 from the 1999 album "Tonight the Stars Revolt!"

</doc>
<doc id="5859952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859952" title="Harith ibn Rab'i">
Harith ibn Rab'i

Harith ibn Rab'i () was one of the companions of Muhammad.
Hi full name was Abu Qatada al-Harith ibn Rabi'i al-Ansari
Biography.
He had a Mawla named "Abu Muhammad". Presumably, he had a son named "Qatada ibn al-Harith". His wife was Kabsha bint Kab ibn Malik 
Muhammad's era (610-632).
Harith ibn Rab'i narrated:
He also narrated a hadith from the Battle of Hunayn regarding those fighters who were fleeing, his contributions to the battle, and the rules pertaining to the divisions of war booty 
Ali's era (656–661).
He participated in the Battle of the Camel. He was an officer on Ali's side, and when entering Basra, he was riding a powerful bay. He wore a white turban, carried a sword and a bow, and led a contingent of 1000 horsemen.
Legacy.
He is a narrator of hadith, and he is quoted in several hadith collections, including Sahih Bukhari.

</doc>
<doc id="5859955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859955" title="Yi Saenggang">
Yi Saenggang

Yi Saenggang, also known as Lee Saenggang, is a South Korean musician and a leading practitioner of "daegeum sanjo", an instrumental style of Korean music played on the "daegeum", a large bamboo transverse flute. His musical career spans over 60 years and he has been officially recognized as the master of Important Intangible Cultural Property by the Korean government.

</doc>
<doc id="5859958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859958" title="Groenhorst College">
Groenhorst College

The Groenhorst College is an education centre that has 11 locations in the centre of Netherlands: Almere, Barneveld, Bilthoven, Dronten, Ede (2 locations, including the management), Emmeloord (2 locations), Lelystad, Maartensdijk, Nijkerk and Velp. It offers several 'green' high school programmes, apprenticeship programmes on nutrition and nature & environment, education for adults, and several courses.

</doc>
<doc id="5859963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859963" title="Arc Dream Publishing">
Arc Dream Publishing

Arc Dream Publishing is a small role-playing game publishing company founded in 2002 by Pagan Publishing veteran Dennis Detwiller and editor Shane Ivey after the release of their first roleplaying game "Godlike: Superhero Roleplaying in a World on Fire, 1936-1946" was published by Hobgoblynn Press.
As of June 9, 2003, Arc Dream is the sole publisher of "Godlike" and all other products in the Godlike game line. Beyond Godlike, "Arc Dream" has also released "Wild Talents: Superhero Roleplaying in a World Gone Mad", which is an extension of the Godlike system and world. They have also released the free horror setting roleplaying game NEMESIS using the same One-Roll Engine game system as "Wild Talents" and "Godlike".
The name "ARC DREAM" comes from one of Dennis Detwiller's other roleplaying games—Delta Green—where it is a secret government project.

</doc>
<doc id="5859969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859969" title="Jean Lee Latham">
Jean Lee Latham

Jean Lee Latham (April 19, 1902 – June 13, 1995) was an American writer who specialized in biographies for children or young adults. She was born in Buckhannon, West Virginia. Her father was a cabinetmaker and her mother was a teacher. She attended West Virginia Wesleyan College and received an A.B. in 1925. She also attended Ithaca Conservatory. While in Wesleyan College, she wrote plays. In Ithaca, she taught English, history and play production. She continued teaching in Ithaca after finishing her studies at Cornell. Her first book for children was "The Story of Eli Whitney". Her book "Carry On, Mr. Bowditch" won the Newbery Medal in 1956.[http://www.wvwc.edu/lib/wv_authors/authors/a_latham.htm#biography]
WorldCat reports that 12 of her 13 books most widely held in participating libraries are biographies of Bowditch (fictionalized), Whitney, Samuel Morse, Rachel Carson, Elizabeth Blackwell, Francis Drake, Cyrus W. Field, Sam Houston (two, one brief and one fictionalized), David Farragut, John Ericsson, and James Cook. The other, "This dear-bought land" (1957), features "a fifteen-year-old boy joins the expeditionary force that hopes to establish a permanent English colony in Virginia." 

</doc>
<doc id="5859981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859981" title="Gianni Meccia">
Gianni Meccia

Giovanni "Gianni" Meccia (born 2 June 1931, Ferrara, Italy) is an Italian actor, composer, and singer. He is usually associated with Jimmy Fontana.

</doc>
<doc id="5859986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859986" title="List of Members of the Canadian House of Commons with military service (K)">
List of Members of the Canadian House of Commons with military service (K)


</doc>
<doc id="5859991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859991" title="Jon DaSilva">
Jon DaSilva

Jon Dasilva is a producer and DJ. He has had releases on labels such as Soma and Deconstruction. He is also well known for his time as a resident DJ at The Haçienda. While there, he mentored Sasha in the early 1990s. 

</doc>
<doc id="5860000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860000" title="Lansing Symphony Orchestra">
Lansing Symphony Orchestra

The Lansing Symphony Orchestra (LSO) is an American symphony orchestra headquartered in Lansing, Michigan. It was founded in 1929 under the leadership of its first Music Director, Izler Solomon. Since 2006, the orchestra has been headed by Music Director Timothy Muffitt.
The LSO presents a wide variety of orchestral programming throughout its seasons. The 2009/2010 Season - "Escape the Everyday" includes a six-concert classical MasterWorks Series, a three-concert Pops Series, a four-concert Chamber Series, two Big Band concerts, a Halloween Spooktacular Family Concert and a performance of Handel's "Messiah".
MasterWorks and Pops concerts are performed at the Wharton Center for the Performing Arts on the campus of Michigan State University. Chamber concerts are performed at Plymouth Congregational Church in Lansing. Big Band concerts are performed at Dart Auditorium on the campus of Lansing Community College.

</doc>
<doc id="5860019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860019" title="Zatch Bell! Mamodo Battles">
Zatch Bell! Mamodo Battles

Zatch Bell! Mamodo Battles, known as Konjiki no Gash Bell!!:: Yuujou Tag Battle 2!! in Japan, is a video game that was released in 2005 by Bandai. Based on the Zatch Bell! anime series, it is a 3D fighting game.
Story.
Every one thousand years, one hundred mamodo descend upon the earth to fight the ultimate battle. The winning mamodo becomes the mighty king of the mamodo world. There is only one problem - in order for the mamodo to use their powerful spell books, they need a human partner.
The game depicts the storyline of the manga and anime just prior to the Ancient Mamodo arc.
Game modes.
There is a story mode where the player can choose one of six characters to use and play through a unique campaign for each character. The game also has a time attack mode that scores the player after battling eight opponents, and a practice mode that allows the player to train against a dummy opponent.
As the player progresses and spends time in the game, they earn points that can be used to unlock upgraded characters. Points can also be used to purchase unlockable cards.
Reception.
Reviews have generally been mixed. The game was criticized for being too simple and appealing only to fans of the anime. The single-player game was considered too easy and too short. However its cel-shaded art was praised for quality.

</doc>
<doc id="5860025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860025" title="Gilbert Waterhouse">
Gilbert Waterhouse

Gilbert Waterhouse (22 January 1883 – 1 July 1916), was an English architect and, later, war poet. He was killed on the first day of the Battle of the Somme, in World War I, while serving as a second lieutenant in the 2nd Bn Essex Regiment. A volume of his poems "Rail-Head and other poems" (including the poems "Rail-Head" and "Bivouacs") was published posthumously in 1916.
Early life.
Waterhouse was born the third child of seven at Chatham Kent on 22 January 1883, his father being a shipbroker. He was educated at Bancroft's School in 1894-1900 and then at the University of London. At the time of the UK 1901 national census, the family were living in East London, where Gilbert's occupation, aged 18, was given as a ship's Draughtsman. He later qualified as an architect (RIBA) and gave his profession as "architect-surveyor" when he enlisted in the army on 8 September 1914.
Army service.
Waterhouse enlisted as a private, aged 31, in the 18th Battalion Royal Fusiliers. He applied for a commission in April 1915, and became an officer in May 1915, when he was posted as a second lieutenant to the 3rd Battalion Essex Regiment at Harwich, a training unit for officers and soldiers. His sonnet "Coming in splendour thro' the golden gate" appeared in "The English Review" in October 1915.
It is not known when he was posted to 2nd Battalion Essex Regiment in France, but National Archive contain a telegram to his father, dated 25 February 1916, stating that Waterhouse has been "admitted to No 3 General Hospital Le Treport 22 Feb suffering from septic left arm, slight."
The Somme.
Waterhouse returned to his unit, the 2nd Battalion, The Essex Regiment, at some stage prior to the Battle of the Somme. This Battalion was part of the 12th Brigade of the 4th Infantry Division
On 1 July Waterhouse was serving with C Company. His unit was stationed in the line south of the village of Serre. At the start of the assault the 2nd Bn had comprised 24 officers and 606 other ranks. By the end of the day it was decimated and finished it with only two officers and 192 other ranks unscathed.
Waterhouse was initially posted "wounded and missing".
His personal records are available in the UK National Archives
and it is clear from survivor testimony that he either died of wounds or was killed after being initially wounded and cared for by his servant. However he was not formally pronounced dead until March 1917, leaving his family in some anguish and forlorn hope he may have been taken prisoner.
From Pte J Adkins 15951 St John's Hospital Etaples 11 July 1916:
His body was not recovered until after the battle, when he was buried in the CWGC Serre Road No.2 cemetery around July 1917.
Poetry.
Waterhouse left behind a volume, published posthumously in December 1916, entitled "Rail-Head and Other Poems". This contains only 24 pieces, most of them written before the war or before he arrived at the front. Some half a dozen are "trench" poems displaying powers of observation, precise expression and emerging satiric humour that might have matched Sassoon or Owen had he survived longer.
One of the more famous poems in the book is "Bivouacs".

</doc>
<doc id="5860031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860031" title="Newuniversal">
Newuniversal

newuniversal is a comic book series by writer Warren Ellis, artist Salvador Larroca and colorist Jason Keith, published by Marvel Comics. The series is a re-imagining of Marvel's New Universe concepts, launched to coincide with the 20th anniversary of the New Universe's creation in 1986.
As with the original New Universe, "newuniversal" is set in a world where a number of people suddenly develop superhuman abilities. However, where the New Universe began with the 'real' world as its starting point, the world of "newuniversal" is already markedly different.
Publication history.
"newuniversal" re-imagines concepts and characters originally introduced as part of Marvel's New Universe line in the 1980s. The New Universe was a set of eight linked titles launched in 1986 to celebrate Marvel's 25th anniversary, championed by Marvel's editor-in-chief Jim Shooter. However, the New Universe comics were not a long-term success, with four titles canceled after a year and the entire line canceled by the end of 1989.
The original New Universe initially had no links to the Marvel Universe shared setting and did not present traditional superheroes—instead, it offered "the world outside your window," a world that was identical to the real world in every respect until it was suddenly changed by the mysterious White Event, an incident which gifted some humans with inexplicable powers.
Ellis has stated that "I don't think the original creators and editors realized until it was too late—it was all a single story. It shouldn't have been eight books (or whatever) that were eventually consolidated into ensemble miniseries. It was a single story that should have spun new series and serials off of it." Ellis has taken this approach to "newuniversal", with his first storyline intentionally revolving around the four "lead" books of the original New Universe—"Justice", "Nightmask", "Star Brand" and "Spitfire and the Troubleshooters". Among the many changes that "newuniversal" presents, is that the four main characters all possess extra-dimensional glyphs or tattoos that grant them their power. Also, the character Spitfire (Professor Jenny Swensen, later known as Chrome), becomes Cipher (Dr. Jennifer Swann).
Artist Salvador Larroca has stated that he "wasn't a big fan" of the original New Universe, while Ellis has mentioned that he "paid little or no attention" to the New Universe books when they were first published.
On December 14, 2006, Marvel announced that "newuniversal" #1 had sold out through Diamond Comic Distributors and that a second printing would be released, with a new variant cover by artist Esad Ribic. Marvel later reported that "newuniversal" #2 had sold out and would also be reissued as a second printing—again, with a variant cover by Esad Ribic.
After issue #6, "newuniversal" went on and Salvador Larroca left the project.
In 2008, the story was continued with a mini-series written by Ellis, "newuniversal: shockfront", which was illustrated by Steve Kurth (penciller) and Andrew Hennessy (inker). The "shockfront" series was accompanied by two one-shot stories exploring the past of the "newuniversal" universe: "newuniversal: conqueror" and "newuniversal: 1959".
From the first issue of "newuniversal: shockfront" onwards, all "newuniversal" comics have included a statement acknowledging that the series is based on original concepts by Jim Shooter, Archie Goodwin, Eliot R. Brown, John Morelli, Mark Gruenwald and Tom DeFalco, creators who worked on the original New Universe comics.
In 2009, Warren Ellis lost his story files in a computer accident; he subsequently announced that the project is "basically dead".
In 2013, concepts introduced in "newuniversal" (a white event, a superflow, and the Starbrand symbol, among others) were used in Jonathan Hickman's work on the re-launched Avengers series, indicating that the "newuniversal" may become incorporated into the main Marvel universe in some fashion.
Setting.
Writer Warren Ellis describes the setting of "newuniversal" as "an alternate world where America is somewhat isolationist, Soviet Russia fell apart early and China took the lead in spaceflight" ("newuniversal" #1 mentions Chinese moonbases, as well as hundreds of flights by Chinese spaceplanes). There are also other, smaller changes to the world's history; for example, Paul McCartney is dead and John Lennon is still alive. Chinese manhua comics have all the market penetration that manga does in the real world. The September 11, 2001 attacks never happened, and the World Trade Center towers are still standing in 2006, as seen in "newuniversal" #1. Hillary Rodham Clinton is President of the United States. In "Newuniversal: Shockfront #2", Charlotte Yolanda Beck shows how history changed after Richard Nixon won the 1960 election.
Aspects of the wider universe also play a direct role in the setting. The sudden changes to the world are triggered by the Earth's contact with the "newuniversal structure", an artificial web of strange matter. Each strand of the web is several light years across. The structure, assembled by a long-gone race, is mechanical in nature and deliberately alters several sentient beings on each world entering its strands, modifying them to perform specific roles.
Ellis has confirmed that the alternate universe of "newuniversal" is also part of the larger Marvel Multiverse, designated as Earth-555. This is briefly touched upon in "newuniversal" #2, with a passing reference to the "Superflow for Universe 555".
The first few issues of "newuniversal" state specific dates and times for their events, something which is in keeping with the original New Universe concept—and quite different from the established Marvel Universe, where characters do not age in 'real time' and their histories are sometimes updated.
Characters.
The main characters of "newuniversal" are based on the main characters from the original New Universe imprint, although Ellis felt that the New Universe "featured an awful lot of people with similar names, which I found odd -- Swensen, Remsen, Tensen" and some of the "newuniversal" characters have been renamed to avoid this.
Some of the other "newuniversal" characters are alternate versions of existing Marvel Universe characters, such as Tony Stark, who apparently was the first to receive hyperscientific powers and built an Iron Man mark 1 to escape Korea, just as in the Marvel Universe. Mostly, these are characters who appear as supporting cast in other Marvel titles, and fulfill relatively minor roles in "newuniversal"'s plot.
Collected editions.
The initial "newuniversal" series has been collected into individual volumes:

</doc>
<doc id="5860042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860042" title="Mary Lawson">
Mary Lawson

Mary Lawson (born 1946) is a Canadian novelist.
Born in southwestern Ontario, she spent her childhood in Blackwell, Ontario and is a distant relative of L. M. Montgomery, author of "Anne of Green Gables". Her father worked as a research chemist. With a psychology degree in hand from McGill University, Lawson took a trip to Britain and ended up accepting a job as an industrial psychologist. She married a British psychologist, Richard Lawson. Lawson spent her summers in the north, and the landscape inspired her to use northern Ontario as her settings for both her novels. She has two grown up sons and lives in Kingston-Upon-Thames.
In a book review Terry Rigelhof, from "The Globe and Mail", stated: "Within days you'll see people reading "Crow Lake" in odd places as they take quick breaks from the business of their lives. You'll also hear people say 'I stayed up all night reading this book by Mary Lawson. Mary Lawson, Mary Lawson. Remember the name."
Robert Fulford of the "National Post" wrote an article about Lawson describing her process towards becoming a novelist. After settling down, she wrote short fiction for women's magazines and then graduated to her first novel. Lawson was in her 50's when she wrote it, and spent years perfecting it. She decided she didn't like her first novel and then spent 5 more years writing until "Crow Lake" was complete. It took her 3 more years to find a publisher.
On the "National Post"'s Paperback Fiction Best-Sellers list in 2007, Lawson’s second novel, "The Other Side of the Bridge", took the number one spot.
An article featuring Mary Lawson was published in the "McGill News" magazine by Neale Mcdevitt and Daniel Mccabe. After her first novel, the article describes Mary Lawson as surprised by her success: "I really didn’t know what I had done right. I didn’t know if I could do it again." Her first novel, "Crow Lake", was published in 22 countries and landed her a guest appearance on the Today Show, and several positive reviews in the New York Times, the Guardian, and many other publications. Her second novel, "The Other Side of the Bridge", also did well. She received good reviews from "The Independent", and the "Toronto Star". This second novel held promise of being on the Maclean magazine's list of Canadian bestsellers.
A French language edition of "Crow Lake" was translated by Cécile Arnaud, was published as "Le choix des Morrison" by Belfond in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5860049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860049" title="Faith TV">
Faith TV

Faith TV was a Christian movie, documentary and biography channel featuring drama, comedy, action, and educational programs and feature films drawn from inspirational media libraries. It was replaced by My Family TV. 
Programming.
Some examples of the biographies "Faith TV" has aired are "Martin Luther, History of Christianity", and "Christian Heroes of the Bible". Documentaries have included "Wings over the World, Rail Away, Hollywood First and Last", and "Giotto: His Life and Art". Movies have included "Souls in Conflict, Father’s Little Dividend", and "The Bishop’s Wife". And among the family programs that have aired are "Nanna's Cottage", "You Bet Your Life" with Groucho Marx, "Dusty's Trail" with Bob Denver (Gilligan's Island) and the "Adam and Eve Factor" Christian marriage series.
Availability.
"Faith TV" was seen across the nation on the Sky Angel IPTV service.
Channel objectives.
The specific objectives of "Faith TV" were:

</doc>
<doc id="5860058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860058" title="Adena Mansion">
Adena Mansion

Adena Mansion was built for Thomas Worthington by Benjamin Latrobe, and was completed in 1807. It is located on a hilltop west of downtown Chillicothe, Ohio, United States. The property surrounding the mansion included the location of the first mound found to belong to the Adena culture and thus the Adena mansion is the namesake for the Adena people. Adena Mansion is often open for visitors for a small fee.
History.
The stone mansion has historically accurate interiors, including furnishings. The grounds cover of the original estate. There is a garden area featuring kitchen herbs and heirloom vegetables, with some varieties available for purchase. A former overseer's house has also been restored and demonstrates life for German immigrants to area.
A modern museum and education center features exhibits on the early European settlement of Ohio. Documents for indentured servants, other primary source materials and archeological finds are showcased.
Thomas Worthington recorded that he chose Adena as the name for his estate because it referred to "places remarkable for the delightfulness of their situation." The museum at Adena has an exhibit which claims Adena is based on a Hebrew word.
In 2003, the Adena Mansion was restored to its 19th century appearance to celebrate the Ohio Bicentennial.

</doc>
<doc id="5860060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860060" title="Dual accreditation">
Dual accreditation

Dual accreditation is the practice in diplomacy of a country granting two separate responsibilities to a single diplomat. One prominent form of dual accreditation is for a diplomat to serve as the ambassador to two countries concurrently. For example, Luxembourg's Ambassador to the United States is also the non-resident Ambassador to Canada and the non-resident Ambassador to Mexico.
Such an Ambassador may sometimes be called Ambassador-at-Large.

</doc>
<doc id="5860064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860064" title="Wild Talents (role-playing game)">
Wild Talents (role-playing game)

Wild Talents is a superhero role-playing game published by Arc Dream Publishing and written by Dennis Detwiller, with Greg Stolze, Kenneth Hite, and Shane Ivey, with illustrations by Christopher Shy, Sam Araya, and Todd Shearer. The game was shipped to customers worldwide on December 18, 2006.
Setting.
"Wild Talents" picks up the settings started by "Godlike" after the events World War II with the next step in development of the powers of the Talents. Unlike the first wave of Talents to emerge during WWII, these Wild Talents are unable to counter act each other's powers by will alone. Beyond being a follow-up to "Godlike", "Wild Talents" includes tools and ideas for any superhero setting.
System.
The "ORE System" used by "Wild Talents" expands on the system introduced by "Godlike". Dice pools of d10s are used to perform task checks where sets of matched dice determine success.

</doc>
<doc id="5860068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860068" title="Kelly Packard">
Kelly Packard

Kelly Chemane Packard (born January 29, 1975 in Glendale, California) is an American actress and television personality. She is best known for her roles as Tiffany Smith on "California Dreams" and as April Giminski on "Baywatch", as well as co-hosting "Ripley's Believe It or Not!". She also co-hosted the late segment of GSN Live from September 15, 2008 until November 28, 2008.
Packard also guest starred in the television series "The Wonder Years", "Blossom", "Step by Step", "Boy Meets World", "USA High" and "The Wild Thornberrys".
She was also a contestant on the Bob Eubanks' daytime version of "Card Sharks", as a child during "Young People's Week".
Personal life.
Packard joined the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as a teenager. She married and was sealed (an LDS rite) to Darrin Privett in 1997, an Emergency Medicine Physician. They have four children together, 3 daughters and 1 son, Aubrey (2004), Dallin (2005) Halle (2008) and Delaney (2012).

</doc>
<doc id="5860074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860074" title="SD Gundam Mushamaruden">
SD Gundam Mushamaruden

Mushamaruden.
The first installment, lasting two volumes.
Story.
The Musha Gundam of ancient time travelled to the Pegasus nation (天馬の国), which is Japan in 2001. 48 Musha Gundams were scattered across 47 Prefectures of Japan.
Whereas the majority of the main cast of Gundams are brand new, the majority of overall Gundams seen are from previous SD Gundam series. Older characters featured usually receive a minor upgrade. For example, the character of Goddumaru loses his God Gundam inspired armour and eventually gains a new set which makes him more resemble the Gundam Double X.
In contrast to previous Musha Gundam series that based designs more on samurai/feudal Japanese history, Ichishiki's designs instead bare more resemblance to the style of "Digimon Adventure", "Digimon Adventure 02" and "Pokemon". This includes a much more focused role on technology within the design aesthetic.
Characters.
design by : Turn A gundam'"
- A young Musha Gundam who in an attempt to stop an evil plot is swept away to modern day Japan. Although somewhat childish and immature, he is a serious warrior who tries to protect the huma citizens from the actions of likewise exiled Ark villains. Most of his upgrades come from fusions with Ark animals.
design by :Zeta gundam"'
- An associate of Mushamaru, though more mature. Upon arriving on Earth he attempts to help the local police force.Eventually reduced to a skeleton in a massive explosion, he is reborn and upgraded via a data burst.
design by : ZZ gundam
- Lacking in combat power, Yoroimaru instead uses powerful mecha suits to fight. Upon arriving on Earth he becomes CEO of a major company and uses his resources to aid in the fight against Ark's villains. He and his armour initially resemble the Double Zeta Gundam but after briefly losing his company he returns, now modelled on the Wing Gundam and his mecha based on the Wing Zero Custom. It is possible he is a reference to Tony Stark, Marvel Comics' Iron Man. Given his look and technological skills, he may be descended from Double Zeta and Ikazuchimaru.
Mushamaruden 2.
The second installment, lasting two volumes.
Story.
After dealing with the threat looming over both Ark and Earth, the Musha Gundams return to Earth to compete against each other. As Mobile Citizens become a common sight, a boy befriends Musha-in-training Wakamaru. As Wakamaru and his classmates train under their tough teacher, the Gundam tournament gets underway.
Character.
The in training musha gundam,he is younger like Mushamaru,he is very cheerfull like Gatomon,he wish to become stronger mobile musha.but,he become crybaby after he lose in battle.he like Gunpla and he very playfull & funny.
He the very busy and arrogant boy , he can protect Human and robot.he lacking the guard .in anime he casting by Yuki Tai.by using his motorcycle "Gekiban" he transform into Cobra Gundam.
he very slow,smart and Very healthy.he provide his favorite giant plant "nightingale" to become Zero harihoushi.His best classmate,GM and Gundam Ground type to become his army.
Mushamaruden 3.
The third installment, lasting three volumes.
Story.
The overall story serves as a conclusion to the Mushamaruden trilogy. Each of the leads of the three Mushamaruden stories are revealed to be the foretold reincarnations of a trio of Ark's greatest warriors who would be reborn when Ark needed them most. Whilst powerful warriors in their own right, the three heroes can join to form the gigantic and powerful Trinity Dai-Shogun.
Due to its time of release, this series includes references to the then-recent series Mobile Suit Gundam SEED and its sidestory Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Astray. The main Gundam Bakimaru is based on the Astray Red Frame and has two siblings based on the Astray Blue and Gold Frames respectively. Another Gundam is based on the Strike and wields Musha-styled versions of the Aile, Sword and Launcher Striker Packs.
SD Gundam Mucchamushamaruden (ＳＤガンダム武っちゃムチャ○伝).
A 4-frame parody comic based on characters in the first three series, written by Aokikei and Mikamaru.

</doc>
<doc id="5860078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860078" title="Union City Recordings">
Union City Recordings

Union City Recordings was an electronic music record label set up by Circa records in 1991/2 from their operations in West London. The label was managed by Rob Manly and specialised in deep house music which was popular in clubs at the time. The label's catalogue ran to 29 releases across the various formats of the time (12" vinyl singles, CD singles and one compilation album, Colours). The label is best remembered for releases by RuPaul and Sasha's first single, "Appolonia" (under the name "B.M. EX"). Other artists to record for the label include Manic, Sure is Pure and TC. The first releases had sleeves designed by Union Design of Shoreditch, but were later replaced by non-branded white label bags which were intended to increase popularity with DJs and specialist record stores like Black Market.

</doc>
<doc id="5860082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860082" title="Wild Heerbrugg">
Wild Heerbrugg

The Wild (Heerbrugg) company was founded in 1921 in Switzerland. The company manufactured different optical instruments, such as surveying instruments, microscopes and instruments for photogrammetry among others. The company changed its name several times, first being known as "Heinrich Wild, Werkstätte für Feinmechanik und Optik", then "Verkaufs-Aktiengesellschaft Heinrich Wild's Geodätische Instrumente", later "Wild Heerbrugg AG", later "Wild Leitz". The company was linked with Leica in 1989, then it became part of Leica Holding B.V. Its subsidiary Leica Geosystems AG became part of the Swedish Hexagon AB Group of companies in 2005.
History.
On 26 April 1921 the company Heinrich Wild, Werkstätte für Feinmechanik und Optik was founded in Heerbrugg by three Swiss personalities: 
Heinrich Wild (1877–1951), a leading designer of geodetic and astronomical instruments, was born in Switzerland and began his career as an apprentice surveyor. In 1908, having invented a military rangefinder and convinced Zeiss to manufacture it, Wild moved to Jena and became head of GEO, the new Zeiss branch responsible for surveying instruments. Wild returned to Switzerland after the First World War. In 1921, with the help of Swiss financiers, he established a Werkstätte für Feinmechanik und Optik in Heerbrugg, in the Rhine Valley. In the early 1930s, having recognized that he was not cut out to be a factory manager, Wild moved to Zurich, severed his connections with the firm in Heerbrugg, and designed instruments for Kern & Co in Aarau. His old firm became Wild Heerbrugg in 1937. It merged with the optical firm of Ernst Leitz of Wetzlar in 1987, acquired a majority interest in Kern in 1988, was renamed Wild Leitz AG in 1989, and became part of the Leica holding company in 1990.
Starting from 1996 the company was divided gradually again into smaller units. 
Thus 1996 the Leica Camera AG developed, in October 1997 the Leica Geosystems AG and on 1 April 1998 the Leica Microsystems AG. Leica Geosystems produced - in continuation of Wild Heerbrugg - the geodetic instruments and is the global market leader in this sector as part of the new parent company Hexagon AB.

</doc>
<doc id="5860084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860084" title="William James Jones">
William James Jones

William James Jones is an American actor who played Tony Wicks on the TV show "California Dreams". Since then he has guest starred in a number of other shows including "Living Single", "The West Wing", "The District" and "The Pretender".
Jones was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Lori Jones, a hospital administrator, and Alonzo Jones, Jr., a musician.

</doc>
<doc id="5860085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860085" title="Brusi Sigurdsson">
Brusi Sigurdsson

Brusi Sigurdsson (died between 1030 and 1035) was one of Sigurd Hlodvirsson's four sons (together with Thorfinn, Einar and Sumarlidi ). He was jointly Earl of Orkney from 1014. His life is recorded in the "Orkneyinga Saga".
Family background.
The "Orkneyinga Saga" reports that when their father Earl Sigurd was killed at the Battle of Clontarf, the earldom was divided between his three oldest sons, Brusi, Sumarlidi, and Einar "Wry-Mouth". The youngest son Thorfinn was only five years old and being fostered by his maternal grandfather Malcolm II of Scotland on the Scottish mainland who gave him the earldom of Caithness, which Sigurd had held from the Scottish crown.
Joint rule.
Sumarlidi died soon after this, and Einar, called, took his share, ruling two-thirds of the Earldom and leaving a third for Brusi. Einar soon became unpopular, demanding heavy taxes and frequent military service from the farmers, and gaining little booty on his raids. He was, the saga says, "a great bully", whereas Brusi was "gentle, restrained, unassuming and a fine speaker" and "well liked by everyone".
Brusi had to make peace between Einar and Thorfinn when the youngest brother grew to manhood, not once but twice. In the end, Einar plotted Thorfinn's death but was found out and killed by Thorfinn. The agreement made with Einar meant that Brusi inherited another third of the earldom on Einar's death, leaving Thorfinn with one part of the earldom, Brusi with two. Thorfinn was not pleased with this arrangement, and asked Brusi for a half share. This Brusi refused. However, while Thorfinn could count on the aid of his maternal grandfather, Máel Coluim mac Cináeda, Brusi could rely only on his own resources.
To find support Brusi went to Norway, to the court of King Olaf Haraldsson, to have the sharing out of the Earldom settled, and Thorfinn followed him there. Olaf kept Einar's share for himself, appointing Brusi to administer it, and kept Brusi's son Rögnvald at his court. Brusi later gave Thorfinn the disputed third of the islands in return for Thorfinn seeing to the defence of Orkney and Shetland.
Brusi died before 1035 as the saga says he had died before his son Rögnvald accompanied Magnus the Good back to Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="5860091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860091" title="Einar Sigurdsson">
Einar Sigurdsson

Einar Sigurdsson (died 1020), also called Einar Wry-Mouth, was a son of Sigurd Hlodvirsson. He was jointly Earl of Orkney from 1014. His life is recorded in the "Orkneyinga Saga".
When Earl Sigurd was killed at the Battle of Clontarf, he left four sons: Einar, Brusi, Sumarlidi, and Thorfinn. Thorfinn was only a child, whereas his three brothers were grown men, so the Earldom was divided between the three older brothers. Thorfinn, the only child by his fathers union with the daughter of Malcolm II of Scotland, was appointed to be titular ruler of the Mormaerdom of Caithness by his grandfather.
The "Orkneyinga Saga" describes Einar as "ruthless and grasping, a hard and successful fighting man" and that he "made no compromises and stood no arguments. He was a great bully". Einar raided abroad often, calling on the farmers for levies and taxes. The raids brought little plunder and the frequent absences of the farmers caused shortage and famine in Einar's lands. His brothers Sumarlidi, who died soon after, and Brusi, were of a different character. The saga says that Brusi was "well liked by everyone". Discontent among the farmers led to a certain Thorkel Amundason going to Einar to protest the levies. Einar agreed to Thorkel's request the first year he was asked, but the second year he angrily refused, swearing "that only one of them would see the assembly the next spring." Thorkel, and many other notables, went into exile at Thorfinn's court in Caithness.
When Sumarlidi died, Thorfinn asked for his share of earldom. Brusi was willing to give him it, but Einar told Thorfinn that the lands in Scotland which Thorfinn already had were a fair share and took Sumarlidi's third of the islands for himself. Thorfinn began raising an army in Caithness, and when Einar heard the news, he set off to Scotland with an army. War between the brothers was avoided by Brusi's peacemaking. Einar was made chief earl, and he and Brusi would have two-thirds of the earldom, while Thorfinn, as he had wanted, received the remaining third. 
On one of Einar's many raids, this time in Ireland, he suffered a heavy defeat near Larne Lough at the hands of the local Irish king, called Konofogor (OIr Conchobar) by the saga. Konofogor was assisted by a force of Norwegians led by Eyvind Aurochs-Horn, a comrade of King Olaf Haraldsson. Einar blamed Eyvind for his defeat, and as luck would have it Eyvind was forced into Osmundwall by a storm on his voyage back to Norway. Einar heard of this, and led a force to capture Eyvind, who he executed with some of his men. The rest he allowed to return to Norway. King Olaf Haraldsson "felt that he had suffered great loss and that this was done mostly to spite him".
Thorfinn went to Norway to Olaf Haraldsson's court, where he was well received. When he returned, Einar again began collecting an army, and Brusi again made peace between them. They agreed that Thorkel Amundason, now Thorfinn's foster-father, should be reconciled with Einar, and that the two should feast each other. Einar came to Thorkel first, and things went badly. When the time came for them to leave to go to Einar's feast, Thorkel's men reported back that Einar had armed men by the way, apparently waiting to ambush Thorkel. Thorkel turned the tables on Einar, killing him first, and fled to Norway, to King Olaf, who was pleased to learn what he had done.
Einar had no sons and his share of the earldom passed to Brusi.

</doc>
<doc id="5860095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860095" title="It's Five O'Clock Somewhere">
It's Five O'Clock Somewhere

"It's Five O'Clock Somewhere" is a song performed by Alan Jackson with Jimmy Buffett, and written by Jim "Moose" Brown and Don Rollins. It was released in June 2003 as the lead single from Jackson's 2003 compilation album "Greatest Hits Volume II". It spent eight non-consecutive weeks at Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in summer of 2003. In addition, the song hit number 17 on the US Hot 100, making it the biggest pop hit for Jackson and the first top forty hit for Buffett since the seventies. On November 5, 2003, it also won the Country Music Association (CMA) Award for Vocal Event of the Year. The song became the #3 country song of the decade on Billboard's Hot Country Songs Chart.
Content.
The title refers to a popular expression used to justify drinking at any time of day, given that somewhere in the world it's 5:00 p.m. (the end of the work day for a traditional "nine-to-five" worker). The narrator states that he hasn't had a day off in over a year and that he wants to leave work and relieve his stress by drinking alcohol. The lyrics include the phrase, "It's only half-past twelve but I don't care. It's five o'clock somewhere", which means that even though it is not five o'clock in the narrator's time zone, it must be in another part of the world.
History.
Jim "Moose" Brown wrote "It's Five O'Clock Somewhere" with Don Rollins. Although Brown had several other cuts recorded by other artists, this song was the first to make the final cut of an album. The title lyric was inspired by a teacher who worked with Rollins. Brown recorded the demo and offered it to Kenny Chesney, who turned it down. It was then offered to Alan Jackson, who said that he was looking for a song that he could record as a duet with Jimmy Buffett.
Music video.
The portion of the music video featuring Jimmy Buffett was shot at Verizon Wireless Music Center in Noblesville, Indiana. The tiki bar featured in the video is the Square Grouper in Jupiter, Florida, near Jackson's home. It also features Jackson's personal boat, the "Hullbilly".
Chart performance.
"It's Five O'Clock Somewhere" debuted at number 31 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs for the week of June 21, 2003. The song held the number 1 position for 7 consecutive weeks, falling to number 2 on the chart dated September 27, 2003 while Dierks Bentley's "What Was I Thinkin'" overtook it at number 1. On the following chart (October 4), Bentley's song fell, allowing "It's Five O'Clock Somewhere" to return to number 1 for an eighth and final week. The song has sold 1,332,000 copies in the US as of April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5860096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860096" title="Texture compression">
Texture compression

Texture compression is a specialized form of image compression designed for storing texture maps in 3D computer graphics rendering systems. Unlike conventional image compression algorithms, texture compression algorithms are optimized for random access.
How it works.
In their seminal paper on texture compression, Beers, Agrawala and Chaddha list four features that tend to differentiate texture compression from other image compression techniques. These features are:
Given the above, most texture compression algorithms involve some form of fixed-rate lossy vector quantization of small fixed-size blocks of pixels into small fixed-size blocks of coding bits, sometimes with additional extra pre-processing and post-processing steps. Block Truncation Coding is a very simple example of this family of algorithms.
Because their data access patterns are well-defined, texture decompression may be executed on-the-fly during rendering as part of the overall graphics pipeline, reducing overall bandwidth and storage needs throughout the graphics system. As well as texture maps, texture compression may also be used to encode other kinds of rendering map, including bump maps and surface normal maps. Texture compression may also be used together with other forms of map processing such as MIP maps and anisotropic filtering.
Availability.
Some examples of practical texture compression systems are S3 Texture Compression, PVRTC, Ericsson Texture Compression and Adaptive Scalable Texture Compression.
OpenGL and OpenGL ES, as implemented on many video accelerator cards and mobile GPUs, can support multiple common kinds of texture compression - generally through the use of vendor extensions.

</doc>
<doc id="5860099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860099" title="Sumarlidi Sigurdsson">
Sumarlidi Sigurdsson

Sumarlidi is reported to have died in his bed. His death led to quarrels between Brusi and Einar over Sumarlidi's share of the islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5860104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860104" title="List of Serbian flags">
List of Serbian flags

This is a list of Serbian flags used in the past and present. For more information about the national flag, visit the article Flag of Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="5860107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860107" title="Atmospheric temperature range">
Atmospheric temperature range

Atmospheric temperature range is the numerical difference between the minimum and maximum values of temperature observed in a given location during a period of time (e.g., in a given day, month, year, century) or the average (average of all temperature ranges in a period of time). The variation in temperature that occurs from the highs of the day to the cool of nights is called diurnal temperature variation.
Parameters affecting the range.
The size of ground-level atmospheric temperature ranges depends on several factors, such as:
The figure at left shows an example of monthly temperatures recorded at one of such locations, the city of Campinas, state of São Paulo, Brazil, which lies approximately 60 km north of the Capricorn line (latitude of 22 degrees). Average yearly temperature is 22.4 degrees Celsius, ranging from an average minimum of 12.2 degrees to a maximum of 29.9 degrees. The average temperature range is 11.4 degrees. Variability along the year is small (standard deviation of 2.31 for the maximum monthly average and 4.11 for the minimum). It is easy to see in the graph another typical phenomenon of temperature ranges, which is its increase during winter (lower average air temperature).
In Campinas, for example, the daily temperature range in July (the coolest month of the year) may vary between typically 10 and 24 degrees Celsius (range of 14), while in January, it may range between 20 and 30 degrees Celsius (range of 10).
The effect of latitude, tropical climate, constant gentle wind and sea-side locations show smaller average temperature ranges, smaller variations of temperature, and a higher average temperature (second graph, taken for the same period as Campinas, at Aracaju, capital of the state of Sergipe, also in Brazil, at a latitude of 10 degrees, nearer to the Equator). Average maximum yearly temperature is 28.7 degrees Celsius and average minimum is 21.9. The average temperature range is 5.7 degrees only. Temperature variation along the year in Aracaju is very damped (standard deviation of 1.93 for the maximum temperature and 2.72 for the minimum temperature).
Uses.
A location which combines an average temperature of 19 degrees Celsius, 60% average humidity and a temperature range of about 10 degrees Celsius around the average temperature (yearly temperature variation) is considered ideal in terms of comfort for the human species. Most of the places with these characteristics are located in the transition between temperate and tropical climates, approximately around the tropics, particularly in the Southern hemisphere (the tropic of Capricorn).
Lifted Minimum Temperature.
The minimum temperature at night does not occur on the ground but few tens of centimeters above the ground. The lowest temperature layer is called "Ramdas layer" after L. A. Ramdas, who first reported this phenomenon in 1932 based on observations at different screen heights at six meteorological centers across India. The phenomenon is attributed to the interaction of thermal radiation effects on atmospheric aerosols and convection transfer close to the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="5860108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860108" title="Rögnvald Brusason">
Rögnvald Brusason

Rognvald was taken by his father to Norway, to the court of Olaf Haraldsson, when Brusi and Thorfinn went there to have the inheritance of Einar Wry-mouth's third-share of the Earldom settled. Olaf kept Einar's share for himself, appointing Brusi to administer it, and kept Rognvald at his court.
The Orkneyinga Saga says of Rognvald:Rognvald was one of the handsomest of men, with a fine head of golden hair, smooth as silk. At an early age he grew to be tall and strong, earning a great reputation for his shrewdness and courtesy ...
Rognvald was a supporter of Olaf Haraldsson, later Saint Olaf, sharing his exile in Kievan Rus, and helping his brother Harald Sigurdsson, better known as Harald Hardraade, escape after the Battle of Stiklestad in 1030. While Harald went on to Constantinople, Rognvald and other exiles remained in Rus, in the service of Yaroslav the Wise. Rognvald returned to Norway with Olaf's son Magnus the Good in 1035.
While Rognvald was abroad, his father had died and Thorfinn Sigurdsson was ruling all of the Earldom of Orkney. Rognvald asked King Magnus for his third part of the Earldom, and Magnus agreed, giving him three ships and granting him the stewardship of Magnus's own third share. When Rognvald arrived in Orkney, he sent to his uncle Thorfinn asking him for the two thirds of the Earldom which Magnus had given him. Thorfinn agreed to give Rognvald his father's third, and the third which Magnus claimed into the bargain, although he claimed not to recognise Magnus's claim and presented this as a gift in return for Rognvald's assistance. and Rognvald worked closely together for eight years, fighting against enemies in the Hebrides and raiding Scotland and England. 
However, the Earls eventually fell out. The proximate cause of their quarrel, according to the saga, was the arrival of Kalf Arnesson, the uncle of Thorfinn's wife Ingibiorg Finnsdottir.Kalf had a large following which placed a heavy burden on the Earl's finances. Plenty of people told him that he shouldn't let Rognvald have two-thirds of the islands, considering his heavy outlay.
Rognvald and Kalf Arnesson were not friends. The "Orkneyinga Saga" reports that Rognvald, a staunch supporter of Saint Olaf, came close to attacking Kalf in Rus, who alone among the Arnessons had betrayed Olaf, when he came to pledge his support to Magnus. For that reason, if for no other, Rognvald refused to hand over the third which Thorfinn asked for. From then onwards, relations deteriorated. Rognvald was defeated in a sea-battle and sought refuge in Norway with Magnus while Thorfinn took control of the earldom.
With a single ship, and a crew of picked men, Rognvald returned to Orkney hoping that surprise would enable him to retake the earldom. He succeeded, but not entirely as Thorfinn was able to flee to Caithness. However, soon afterwards, Rognvald was surprised in his turn, but was killed by Thorkell the Fosterer while escaping, given away by the barking of his lap dog.
Rognvald was buried on Papa Westray. The "Orkneyinga Saga" offers this assessment of Rognvald:Everyone agrees that of all the Earls of Orkney he was the most popular and gifted, and his death was mourned by many.
Twelfth-century Earl Kali Kolsson was given the name Rognvald "because Kali's mother claimed that Rognvald Brusason had been the most able of all the Earls of Orkney, and people saw this as a sign of good luck."

</doc>
<doc id="5860111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860111" title="Hardie Albright">
Hardie Albright

Hardie Albright (December 16, 1903 – December 7, 1975) was an American actor and the son of travelling vaudevillians.
Born as Hardie Hunter Albrecht, he made his stage debut in one of his parents' acts at the age of 7.
Albright was playing the juvenile lead on the stage in "The Greeks" when a scout from the "Fox Company" saw him. He was given a contract and headed for Hollywood. An alumnus of Carnegie Tech, Albright made his film debut in 1931 in John G. Blystone's "Young Sinners". He appeared in numerous films after that, including as the voice of the adolescent Bambi in the film of the same name. He also became a noted Broadway actor.
He retired from film acting in 1948 and became a drama instructor at USC, writing several books on acting and directing during his time there.
During the 1960s he made many guest appearances on television series such as "Hazel", "Bewitched" and "Gunsmoke".
On December 7, 1975, just nine days shy of his 72nd birthday, Albright died from Congestive heart failure in Mission Viejo, California. He was survived by his daughter Victoria from his first marriage to wife Martha Sleeper.

</doc>
<doc id="5860123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860123" title="Lanckoroński Foundation">
Lanckoroński Foundation

The Lanckoroński Foundation is a Swiss-based charitable organisation with offices in Vienna and London providing assistance to Polish causes, mainly in the cultural sphere.
The Foundation offers three scholarships to Polish students admitted to the Bruges campus of the College of Europe. Scholarships are granted after the selection interviews with the Polish selection committee (see [http://www.coleurop.be/template.asp?pagename=admisscholar]).
The Foundation was established in 1967 by the late Countess Karolina Lanckorońska, a World War II resistance fighter and concentration camp survivor from an ancient, noble, ethnic Polish family (see [http://www.polishnews.com/text/book_review/karolina_lanckoronska.html]).
The current (as of 2006) President of the Board of the 
Lanckoroński Foundation is Zygmunt Jan Ansgary Tyszkiewicz (CMG) of Cambridge, England.

</doc>
<doc id="5860128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860128" title="Sam Mollison">
Sam Mollison

Sam Mollison is an electronic music producer and vocalist. He has collaborated with Sasha for his release of "Magic" and "The Qat Collection". He has also had his own work released on FFRR and INCredible.
Mollison's 1992 release "Will You Love Me In The Morning" was a popular choice in the Northern England dance music venues.

</doc>
<doc id="5860129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860129" title="Poor White Trash">
Poor White Trash

Poor White Trash is a crime-comedy film directed by Michael Addis. The film was released on June 16. 2000 and was distributed by jointly by Hollywood Independents and Xenon Group. The film stars an ensemble cast of actors, including Jaime Pressly and others, most of them before they became famous.
Plot.
Mike Bronco believes a degree from Southern Illinois University Carbondale is a ticket out of life in a trailer park. He is determined to rise above his humble southern Illinois roots and broken home to become a clinical family therapist. His best friend Lynard "Lennie" Lake, has a simpler vision for the future. He is a firecracker enthusiast whose notion of the American dream is trucking school.
One day, fun-loving Lennie convinces the serious-minded Mike to shoplift "Near Beer" and enjoy a carefree afternoon of kicking back. The seemingly harmless exploit snowballs into an exploding Vega (an ill-conceived distraction), injuring store owner Ken Kenworthy and enraging his aggressive son, Rickey. The two offenders land in Jackson County Court and Mike's dreams of an exodus to the middle class and Lenny's trucking career are threatened. As this transpires, Mike's mother, Linda Bronco finds she has plenty to contemplate beyond paying rent. She still grapples with how her youthful indiscretions cost her a career in nursing; her would-be Pro-Wrestler husband, Jim, abruptly leaves and she loses her job at a local nursing home. Although her life's burdens hit Linda hard, Hell will freeze over before she allows the worst to befall Mike and Lenny. Even with no money at their disposal, the Broncos and Lennie believe at first that it will take a competent, sober lawyer to keep Mike's record clean and college-ready.
Next, the boys devise an ironic solution: a few trailer burglaries to raise the money to hire lawyer Ron Lake, Lennie's oily, turquoise-laden, ex-con grandfather, to take their case. When Linda catches the boys in the middle of a burglary, she steadfastly resolves to help them out, provided their spoils will finance Mike's college tuition.
As the situation grows more desperate, the boy's worst fears are realized when Linda's twenty-something boyfriend to come along for the ride. The boyfriend, Brian Ross, is the town sheriff's son and a former high school football star and bully. As if it were not bad enough that Brian resumed tormenting and menacing Mike and Lenny, his ceaseless passion for ex-flame Sandy Lake complicates their already-complex plan. Sandy, who just happens to be Ron's post-adolescent trophy wife (and Lennie's step-Grandmother to boot), has bad intentions in mind for the boys. She sees their predicament as an easy opportunity to launch her own manipulative agenda.
During their bizarre journey to redemption and the promise of a better life, the boys throw all caution and common sense to the wind. With Mike's mom in tow, they execute a series of outrageously-plotted trailer park burglaries. With bigger threats and growing confidence, the boys move on to bigger hits at the nursing home and a fast food restaurant. Then things really spin out of control with several repeat visits to court, massive explosions, guns, fire and, to top it all off, a spectacular car/trailer chase with $250,000 in loot at stake. Not surprisingly, they are also hurled into the paths of Sunrise, Illinois most colorful characters including Suzi and Suzy, a pair of damaged-but-lovable townies, the crusty and outspoken Judge Pike, Carlton Rasmeth, an inept alcoholic defense counselor and Machado, an ambitious right wing prosecutor not to mention a host of good ole boys and girls who have various plans for Mike and Lenny that have nothing to do with higher education.
Despite the insanity, Mike and Lennie learn significant growing-up lessons in the most hilarious ways. While they tear through the highways, cornfields and courthouses of America's heartland, their bonds of friendship and trust grow stronger. Through zany trials and instances of mistaken identity, they endure many indignities, life-threatening situations, temptations and emberassments. But they survive, determined to emerge with dignity, self-respect and an unyielding sense of humor.
Reception.
On the film review aggregate site Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 56% "Rotten" score. The consensus was that "Poor White Trash" was "silly and over-the-top, but not very funny."
On the film review aggregate site Metacritic, the film currently stands with a 23/100 score or equal to 23% based on 4 professional reviews. According to the site, that score falls into the "Generally Unfavorable Reviews" category. The best review (40% or 4 out of 10) on the site is from Luke Y. Thompson of "New Times LA", who wrote that "Hilarity should ensue, but doesn't." The worst review (6% or 6 out of 100) comes from Kevin Maynard of "Mr. Showbiz", who wrote that he'd "rather go on an all crisco diet than sit through PWT again". However, reader reviews are more favorable as it has two reviews with an average reader grade of 10/10.
On the film review site AllMovie there is no written review but it has been scored by the site, receiving two stars out of five.

</doc>
<doc id="5860134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860134" title="Mongrelfolk">
Mongrelfolk

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy roleplaying game, mongrelfolk are humanoids that are the product of several generations of crossbreeding between numerous other humanoid races.
Publication history.
The mongrelman first appeared in the first edition in the adventure module "Dwellers of the Forbidden City" (1981), and then the original "Monster Manual II" (1983).
The mongrelman appeared in second edition in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume Two" (1989), and "Monstrous Manual" (1993). The mongrelman is presented as a playable character race in "The Complete Book of Humanoids" (1993), and is later presented as a playable character race again in "Player's Option: Skills & Powers" (1995). The mongrelman is further detailed in "Dragon" #242 (December 1997), which also introduced the infiltrator mongrelman.
The mongrelfolk appear in the third edition "Fiend Folio" (2003), and as a player character race in "Races of Destiny" (2004).
Description.
Each mongrelfolk, or "mongrelman," has a unique appearance, taking on various features from any or all of its ancestral races.
Mongrelfolk are often lawful neutral. Mongrelfolk are excellent mimics, and can reproduce just about any sound they have ever heard.
Society.
Mongrelfolk worship the god Meriadar.
While in older editions of "Dungeons & Dragons" mongrelfolk were defined as deformed outcasts, recent sourcebooks ("Races of Destiny", Wizards of the Coast, 2006) gave them the special ability to appear as members of any other race. As such they mix into humanoid society by impersonation rather than being outcast.

</doc>
<doc id="5860138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860138" title="NSTL">
NSTL

NSTL refers to the

</doc>
<doc id="5860139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860139" title="Gerald Reaven">
Gerald Reaven

Gerald M. "Jerry" Reaven (born July 28, 1928 in Gary, Indiana) is an American endocrinologist and professor emeritus in medicine at the Stanford University School of Medicine in Stanford, California, United States.
Reaven's work on insulin resistance and diabetes with John W. Farquhar goes back at least to 1968.
A long-term researcher into diabetes, he achieved significant notability with his 1988 Banting Lecture (organized annually by the American Diabetes Association in memory of Frederick Banting). In his lecture, he propounded the theory that central obesity (male-type or apple-shaped obesity), diabetes and hypertension (high blood pressure) have a common cause in insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance. Initially titled "syndrome X", the constellation of symptoms is now known as the metabolic syndrome and an object of extensive scientific inquiry, especially given that the combination strongly predisposes for cardiovascular disease. Still, Reaven believes that contemporary criteria are arbitrary and that it may not be necessary to define it as a diagnostic entity more than a pathophysiological parameter.
He obtained his academic qualifications at the University of Chicago and did his internship there. After research work in Stanford and two years in the U.S. Army medical corps he completed his residency at the University of Michigan. He then took up a US Public Health Service research post at Stanford, where he progressed to a full professorship in 1970. He led endocrinology and gerontology research.
Apart from his work at Stanford he is also Senior Vice President for Research for Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in South San Francisco.
He is a member of several research organizations and has received numerous prizes for his research achievements. He is co-author of a popular book on Syndrome X and its repercussions on cardiovascular disease.

</doc>
<doc id="5860142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860142" title="Tom Fritsche">
Tom Fritsche

Tom Fritsche (born September 30, 1986 in Parma, Ohio) is an American former professional ice hockey forward. Concussions ended career in 2012. Tom is the younger brother of Dan Fritsche who plays for the Zurich Lions of the Swiss National League A.
Playing career.
Fritsche was drafted 47th overall in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft by the Colorado Avalanche. An Ohio native, Fritsche played collegiate hockey with hometown team, Ohio State University. After his final year with the Buckeyes, Fritsche made his professional debut at the end of the 2007–08 when he signed an Amateur Try-Out agreement with the Lake Erie Monster's of the AHL, affiliate of the Avalanche, on March 14, 2008.
Fristche was signed to a three-year entry level contract with the Avalanche on August 11, 2008. In the 2008–09 season, Tom was assigned to Lake Erie. On January 27, 2009, he was suspended for 6 games after he left the bench during an altercation, to help Lake Erie's Goalie who was being beaten by Steve Downie of the Norfolk Admirals. Fritsche was voted into the "25 best looking AHL players" in 2009 on an AHL fan site. 

</doc>
<doc id="5860143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860143" title="Paul and Erlend Thorfinnsson">
Paul and Erlend Thorfinnsson

Paul and Erlend Thorfinnsson were the sons of Thorfinn Sigurdsson and Ingibiorg Finnsdottir. Through Ingibiorg's father Finn Arnesson and his wife, the family was related to the Norwegian Kings Olav II and Harald II.
Their lives and times are recounted in the "Orkneyinga Saga". The first mention of the brothers is when they accompanied the Norwegian king Harald Hardrade and Tostig Godwinson on the ill-fated expedition to England in 1066. Paul and Erlend were with Harald's son Olaf Kyrre, guarding the ships, when the battle of Stamford Bridge was fought. Along with Olaf they were allowed to leave by the English king Harold Godwinson. Olaf overwintered on Orkney with them and left on good terms with the Thorfinssons.
The saga says that Paul and Erlend were on good terms until their children grew to adulthood, after which the disputes between their sons led to a quarrel and open hostility between the brothers. As the disputes between the descendants of Paul and Erlend loomed large in the affairs of 12th century Orkney, the saga goes into some detail on their family relationships.
Paul was married to an unnamed daughter of Norwegian earl Hakon Ivarsson. Two sons and four daughters are named. Of these, Hakon played the greatest part in events.
Erlend married Thora, daughter of one Sumarlidi Ospaksson, and they had two sons and two daughters, while Erlend had a third, illegitimate daughter as well. Erlend's son Magnus appears in the saga as earl, martyr and saint. The troubles between the earls began with rivalry between Hakon Paulsson and Magnus's brother Erling. Both are described as quarrelsome, arrogant men, and talented too. Erland's daughter Gunnhild's was married to Kol Kalison and Rognvald Kali Kolsson was their son.
Magnus III of Norway took possession of the islands in 1098, deposing Erlend and Paul. Paul's son, Haakon Paulsson, then became regent on behalf of the Norwegian prince, the future King Sigurd I of Norway, who made Haakon earl in 1105.
In literature.
The overthrow of Erland and Paul is a central plot point of Stephen Lawhead's novel "The Iron Lance".
Ancestry.
Ancestors of Paul and Erlend Thorfinnsson

</doc>
<doc id="5860148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860148" title="Selkie (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Selkie (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the selkie is a humanoid that can transform into a seal.
Publication history.
The selkie first appeared in first edition in the original "Monster Manual II" (1983).
The selkie appeared in second edition in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume One" (1989), and reprinted in the "Monstrous Manual" (1993) with the leader selkie. The star selkie appeared for the Spelljammer setting in the "Monstrous Compendium Spelljammer Appendix II" (1991).
The selkie appeared in the third edition "Fiend Folio" (2003).
Description.
A selkie is usually neutral in alignment. Selkies live in the water, but their intense curiosity towards land-dwellers leads them to explore life on the surface.
Selkies are indistinguishable from normal humans when in their humanoid form, but can assume the seal form at will (they have full control over their shapeshifting). Any garments they are wearing become part of their body when they do so. Selkies attack with whatever weapons they have when in their humanoid form, but prefer to avoid combat (or, if they are forced to defend themselves, use their natural bite weapon) when in seal form. Selkies hate sahuagin because of the latter's universally aggressive and imperialistic tendencies. Aquatic elves' relationship with selkies is not well known. Selkies speak Aquan and Common.
Sometimes a human male will take a selkie as his bride.
Selkies worship the god Surminare. In 4th edition, selkies worship Melora.

</doc>
<doc id="5860150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860150" title="I Remember You">
I Remember You

I Remember You may refer to:
In songs:
In albums:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="5860151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860151" title="Haakon Paulsson">
Haakon Paulsson

Haakon Paulsson (Old Norse: Hákon Pálsson) was a Norwegian Jarl (1105–1123) and jointly ruled the Earldom of Orkney with his cousin Magnus Erlendsson. 
His father was Paul Thorfinnsson, the son of Thorfinn Sigurdsson and Ingibiorg Finnsdottir. His father and his uncle, Erlend Thorfinnsson, had ruled together as Earls of Orkney. King Magnus III of Norway took possession of the Orkney islands in 1098, deposing both Erlend and Paul. Haakon Paulsson was chosen to become regent on behalf of the Norwegian prince, the future King Sigurd I of Norway, who made Haakon an earl in 1105.
According to the "Orkneyinga Saga", his cousin Magnus Erlendsson was initially rejected by the Norwegians rulers because of his religious convictions. Magnus was obliged to take refuge in Scotland, but returned to Orkney in 1105 and disputed the succession of Haakon. Having failed to reach an agreement, Magnus sought help from King Eystein I of Norway who granted him the joint earldom of Orkney.
Magnus and Haakon ruled jointly from 1105 until 1114. Their followers then had fallen out and the two sides met at the Thing assembly on the Orkney mainland, ready to do battle. Peace was negotiated and the Earls arranged to meet each other on the island of Egilsay, each bringing only two ships. Magnus arrived with his two ships, but Haakon turned up with eight ships. Magnus took refuge in the island's church overnight, but the following day he was captured and offered to go into exile or prison. An assembly of chieftains insisted that one earl must die. Haakon killed Magnus on the island of Egilsay in April 1116. This led to the "martyrdom" of Magnus and the construction of St Magnus Cathedral in Kirkwall.
Sources.
Haakon is mentioned in the "Orkneyinga saga". He is depicted as a protagonist in George Mackay Brown's novel "Magnus".

</doc>
<doc id="5860154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860154" title="A Young Trophy Band in the Parlance of Our Times">
A Young Trophy Band in the Parlance of Our Times

A Young Trophy Band in the Parlance of Our Times is the final ep and release from As Friends Rust. It featured the final line-up as well. Damien Moyal quit shortly after the recording of the album, leading the band to decide whether to continue. They recruited a new vocalist and changed the band name to Salem.
A bonus hidden track can be found at the end of track five, at approximately 4:29.
The LP version was released by Defiance Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5860157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860157" title="Lower Tanana language">
Lower Tanana language

Lower Tanana (also Tanana and/or Middle Tanana) is an endangered language spoken in Interior Alaska in the lower Tanana River villages of Minto and Nenana. Of about 380 Tanana people in the two villages, about 30 still speak the language. As of 2010, "Speakers who grew up with Lower Tanana as their first language can be found only in the 250-person village of Minto." It is one of the large family of Athabaskan languages, also known as Dené. 
The Athabaskan (or Dené) bands who formerly occupied a territory between the Salcha and the Goodpaster rivers spoke a distinct dialect that linguists term the Middle Tanana language.
Songs.
In a 2008–2009 project, linguist Siri Tuttle of the University of Alaska's Native Language Center "worked with elders to translate and document song lyrics, some on file at the language center and some recorded during the project." 
"The Minto dialect of Tanana ... allows speakers to occasionally change the number of syllables in longer words."

</doc>
<doc id="5860159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860159" title="Ronald MacDonald (athlete)">
Ronald MacDonald (athlete)

Ronald MacDonald ("Ronald John MacDonald;" March 30, 1874 - September 3, 1947) was a Canadian runner and winner of the second Boston Marathon in 1898.
Early life.
MacDonald was born in Antigonish, Nova Scotia.
First marathon.
On April 19, 1898, Ronald MacDonald joined 25 other runners in Ashland at the start line of the Boston Marathon. He was 23 years old and a student at Boston College. He was 5’6” and weighed , and had curly light hair. It was his first marathon and he raced in bicycle shoes. MacDonald ran the race conservatively waiting for the leaders to fall off the pace. Till the half-way mark, he raced 2- behind the leaders, then he started pushing the pace. He chased Hamilton Gray, the New York cross-country champion, through the downhills in the later part of the race and passed him in the last couple of miles. MacDonald ran the whole way without taking any fluids. He ended up finishing in 2:42, the fastest of 15 finishers, three minutes faster than Gray, 13 minutes faster than the previous year’s time, and a time considered a world best at the time for a distance of about . MacDonald and Gray shook hands after the race.
Olympic representation.
Ronald MacDonald represented the United States of America, because Canada did not yet have an Olympic team, at the 1900 Olympic Summer Games held in Paris, France. MacDonald ran the marathon, but finished the last of 7 finishers. He complained that the top 3 runners, who were French, had cut the course, and that only he and an American actually completed the whole course.
In 1901, MacDonald returned to the Boston Marathon with confidence stating that he would win and break the record of Jack Caffery, another Canadian, who had run 2:39:44 the previous year. MacDonald joined 37 other runners that day and ran as part of the top 4 for most of the race. Unfortunately, MacDonald was seized with cramps and had to retire from the race, reported to be due to a sponge soaked with chloroform he unknowingly accepted from a spectator.
MacDonald returned to the Boston Marathon in 1902. He and Sammy Mellor were favoured, although Mellor had beaten MacDonald by 10 seconds in the previous year’s Thanksgiving Day race in Hamilton, Ontario. MacDonald and Mellor ran side by side in Boston until the 12th mile. Unfortunately, after the half-way mark, in the Newton Hills, MacDonald had difficulties, walked for a while and retired from the race.
In 1905, MacDonald was a handler for Boston Marathon runner Robert Fowler who ended up finishing in 3rd. Fowler blamed MacDonald for advising him to stay with Olympic gold medallist Tom Hicks who ended up having a bad day.
Enrollment in university.
MacDonald returned to Nova Scotia in 1901 where he enrolled at St. Francis Xavier University in Antigonish. He continued winning many races and setting Canadian and World Records. In 1902, he organized the first indoor meet ever held in Eastern Canada. MacDonald also raced in the meet winning the race over John Lordon, Ireland’s national champion. In 1903, he beat the winner of the 1899 Boston Marathon, Larry Brignolia, in a race. Later that year, he entered medical school and he would become a successful doctor practicing in Newfoundland and in Nova Scotia.
In 1910, Ronald MacDonald raced and won his last marathon in St. John’s, Newfoundland. Later, MacDonald was part of the original inductees in the Nova Scotia Sports Hall of Fame for Track and Field in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="5860166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860166" title="Harald Haakonsson">
Harald Haakonsson


</doc>
<doc id="5860169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860169" title="Middlesex County Vocational and Technical Schools">
Middlesex County Vocational and Technical Schools

The Middlesex County Vocational and Technical High Schools is a network of public high schools serving the vocational and technical education needs of students in Middlesex County, New Jersey, USA. The district was the first county vocational school system in the United States. The district serves high school, adult, and special needs students.
As of the 2008-09 school year, the district's five schools had an enrollment of 1,792 students and 190.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 9.4.
The high school campuses in the district are located in East Brunswick, Perth Amboy, Piscataway, Woodbridge. Middlesex County Academy, located in Edison, was founded in 2000.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2008-09 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Career majors.
A description of each career major can be found on MCVTS's website.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5860172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860172" title="Paul Haakonsson">
Paul Haakonsson

Haakonsson served jointly as Earl of Orkney together with Harald Haakonsson. Paul Haakonsson had not been well loved by his female kin. In 1137, Paul was reportedly abdicated and killed on the orders of the mother of Harald Haakonsson. His mother and her sister, Frakkok, had previously tried to murder him with a poisoned shirt which instead caused the death of Harald Haakonsson in 1127. It is said that Frakkok and her supporters had originally intended to advance the claims of Harald Haakonsson's son Erlend Haraldsson upon Paul's death. However,
Paul Haakonsson was replaced as Earl of Orkney by his second cousin, Rognvald Kali Kolsson, one of the lead men of King Harald Gille of Norway. Rognvald Kali Kolsson did serve as guardian of Harald Maddadsson, the nephew of Paul Haakonsson. In 1138, Rognvald appointed Harald Maddadsson as Earl of Orkney jointly with himself.

</doc>
<doc id="5860181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860181" title="Alfred Maria Willner">
Alfred Maria Willner

Alfred Maria Willner (11 July 1859, Vienna – 27 October 1929, Vienna) was an Austrian writer, philosopher, musicologist, composer and librettist.
He began composing mostly music for the piano before making a career writing librettos for ballets, operas and operettas. One of his early operettas was Johann Strauss II’s "Die Göttin der Vernunft", a commitment that Strauss regretted. Strauss was forced to complete the commission only by the threat of a lawsuit and declined to attend a performance. Later the libretto and score were legally separated, and Willner revised the libretto for Franz Lehár as "Der Graf von Luxemburg".
Willner's first big success was his libretto for Leo Fall’s "Die Dollarprinzessin" and Willner soon became a much sought-after operetta librettist. He wrote several successful librettos for Lehár operettas, particularly in collaboration with Heinz Reichert. The two also collaborated on highly successful adaptations of music by Schubert, such as "Das Dreimäderlhaus", and by Johann Strauss father and son, such as "Walzer aus Wien". In addition, Willner and Reichert were the contracted librettists for Puccini's opera "La rondine" which was later adapted by Giuseppe Adami.

</doc>
<doc id="5860186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860186" title="Multiburst">
Multiburst

A multiburst waveform is a useful test pattern used to quickly ascertain the frequency response of a video system. The name derives from the multiple bursts of sinewave in the active video section of the waveform which are generated with (usually) increasing frequency but identical in amplitude. The test pattern is usually input at the start of the signal chain and analysed at the end. By measuring the amplitude of each of the 'bursts' of waveform at the end of the video chain, spot measurements of the frequency response of the system can be obtained and errors in the response quickly identified.
Importance of frequency response.
In a video system, the frequency response needs to be as flat as possible or distortion in the picture displayed will occur.Analogue video signals contain a frequency content from 25 Hz up to around 5 MHz, and so variations in frequency responses will affect the picture in various ways depending on whether it is high frequency (>1 MHz) or low frequency (<1 MHz) distortion. Low frequency distortion will cause field-rate impairment, manifesting itself as luminance variation between the top and bottom of a picture. High frequency distortion causes problems with sharpness of the picture: high frequency roll-off causes loss of definition, while high frequency peaking emphasises edges and adds noise to the picture.[http://www.tek.com/Measurement/cgi-bin/framed.pl?Document=/Measurement/App_Notes/NTSC_Video_Msmt/videotesting2.html
References.
1."MediaCollege.com" "Multiburst Video Test Pattern"
2."Tektronix Application Note on Frequency Response Testing"

</doc>
<doc id="5860192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860192" title="Luigi Aloysius Colla">
Luigi Aloysius Colla

Luigi Aloysius Colla (1766–1848) was an Italian botanist of the late 18th and early 19th Centuries. He was a member of the Provisional Government of Savoy from December 12, 1798 to April 2, 1799, taking his turn as chairman of the government in rotation for a ten-day term. In 1820 Colla described two species, "Musa balbisiana" and "Musa acuminata", that are the basis for almost all cultivated bananas. Colla was a member of the Philadelphia Academy of Natural Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="5860201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860201" title="Colla">
Colla

Colla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5860202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860202" title="Wang Shuang">
Wang Shuang

Wang Shuang (died 228), courtesy name Ziquan (子全), was a military general of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period. He initially participated in battles against the eastern warlord, Sun Quan, but was defeated and captured. Later, he rejoined Wei and was reassigned to the Western front against Shu, and was killed in action.
Life.
Wang Shuang initially served as a lower ranking officer under Chang Diao (常雕), who was a lesser general of Wei eastern commander, Cao Ren. When Cao led a several tens of thousands strong expedition force composed of cavalry, navy, and foot-soldiers to attack Sun Quan's general, Zhu Huan, Chang was tasked to sneak-attack Middle Island, where enemy families resided. Wang followed Chang, and they landed the island unopposed. At the time, Zhu was busy fighting Wei's main army, so he left his subordinates to handle Wang and Chang after instructing them to lay a trap to the enemies. As planned, Wang and Chang entered the trap Zhu's men set and was ambushed. When they ran back to the shore, they only found out their ships had already been taken and their retreat route sealed. Chang fought to the death, while Wang was captured in battle. 1,000 Wei soldiers died in this single battle, and the rest of the detachment surrendered.
Later, Wang was sent back to Wei (possibly at the time Yu Jin was released), like Niu Jin, who were also a former subject of Cao Ren, they were reassigned to the western front. There, Wang became a subordinate general of Cao Wei western commander, Cao Zhen, and took up the responsibility to resist Zhuge Liang's invasions. During the second defense against Zhuge's aggression, the 1,000 defenders under Hao Zhao successfully repelled the attack, and Zhuge started to retreat after he got wind of the approaching enemy reliefs. Believing that would be a chance for him to make a name, Wang led a cavalry to pursue Zhuge, but was ambushed and killed by the later. Indeed, that gave him some weight in Luo Guanzhong's novel, "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", wherein his bravery and martial art were highly exaggerated.
In fiction.
Wang Shuang became renowned throughout Cao Wei for his meteor hammer trademark weapon. Wang Shuang followed in battling against Shu at Chencang (in which he was the vanguard under Cao Zhen), where he severely injured the enemy general Zhang Ni; he was pushed back by Liao Hua and Wang Ping before he could finish him off however. Wang Shuang nonetheless continued his pursuit by closing in near Hanzhong, but was killed by Wei Yan following a fire attack.

</doc>
<doc id="5860210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860210" title="The Living Word Fellowship">
The Living Word Fellowship

The Living Word Fellowship is a group of nondenominational Christian churches located in the United States, Canada, Brazil, and Mexico, often described as a new religious movement or cult. The group was founded in South Gate, California, by John Robert Stevens in 1951. It has been known in the past informally as "The Walk" or "This Walk", reflecting the view that every Christian should have a personal walk with Jesus Christ.
At its peak in the 1970s, the fellowship had about 100 member congregations. It was based at Shiloh, a farm and retreat site near Washington, Iowa. Membership declined after founder Stevens' death in 1983.
Anthony Cox's 1985 documentary film "Vain Glory" deals with his experiences as a member of "The Walk." Cox, who was involved in the group from 1971 to 1977, described the Church of the Living Word as "a pseudo-Christian cult" and said that John Robert Stevens prayed for the deaths of several U.S. political leaders and practiced a form of mind control and hypnotism with the church's followers.

</doc>
<doc id="5860212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860212" title="Rich Hall's Cattle Drive">
Rich Hall's Cattle Drive

"Rich Hall's Cattle Drive" is a television sitcom starring Rich Hall and Mike Wilmot. It was broadcast in 2006 in the United Kingdom on BBC Four, and ran for one series consisting of six episodes. It has been repeated on BBC Four but has not been shown on British terrestrial television.
Plot.
After spending a night in jail for attacking a burglar, Rich and Mike (playing themselves) decide that the only way to avoid what they perceive to be the warped justice of the legal system in the UK is to become outlaws and live like cowboys in 21st century Britain, riding out of London on horse-back.
Cast.
Rich Hall - Himself / U. Horst Nightmare<br>
Mike Wilmot - Himself<br>
Simon Evans - Melvin Turpin<br>
Ralph Brown - Truesdale<br>
Archie Kelly - Clement

</doc>
<doc id="5860215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860215" title="Ang Tanging Ina">
Ang Tanging Ina

Ang Tanging Ina ("English: The Only Mother") is a 2003 Filipino comedy film, starring Ai-Ai de las Alas and Eugene Domingo. The movie was the highest grossing Filipino film until it was surpassed by Sukob in 2006. It currently ranks no. 6 after You Changed My Life (2009), Sukob (2006), its sequel Ang Tanging Ina Ninyong Lahat (2008–2009), Kasal, Kasali, Kasalo (2006–2007) and A Very Special Love (2008). Incidentally, all of these movies were produced or co-produced by Star Cinema.
The film is followed by a television series of the same name and three sequels entitled "Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat", "Ang Tanging Ina Mo (Last na 'To!)" and "Enteng Ng Ina Mo".
Synopsis.
With three dead husbands and twelve children to take care of, what is the modern day working mother supposed to do? Ina Montecillo (Ai-Ai de las Alas) is completely clueless on how to be an income provider and a homemaker at the same time given her dwindling finances of her household. As she desperately hides from her children her efforts to make all ends meet, her children grow resentful of her as she becomes a part of their own problems, but it seems that her best is never good enough. Funnily yet, Ina rallies her cause with all the courage she can muster to be the best mother she knows how.
Plot.
Ina Montecillo (Ai-Ai de las Alas) meets Tony (Edu Manzano), whom she considers "the man of her dreams". They both have four children, but Tony dies shortly after falling from a stool. After finding a replacement father for her children, she meets Alfredo (Tonton Gutierrez), and they have four more children. Alfredo dies after falling from a pedestrian overpass, and Ina meets Kiko (Jestoni Alarcon), who fathers her other four children. On their wedding day, Kiko gets electrocuted and Ina decides to stop finding another husband.
One morning, Ina wakes up finding her children Juan (Marvin Agustin), Tudis (Nikki Valdez), Tri (Carlo Aquino), Por (Heart Evangelista), Pip (Alwyn Uytingco), Six (Marc Acueza), Seven (Shaina Magdayao), Cate (Serena Dalrymple), Shammy (Jiro Manio), Ten-Ten (Yuuki Kadooka), Connie and Sweet either troubled, problematic, panicking, fighting, or confused. Later on, she finds out that her family might go poor, and so works several jobs from construction to selling bootleg DVDs just to make ends meet. 
She is reminded by Por of her début, while Juan begs her permission to let him find work. Ina agrees, but finds Juan's chores at home very confusing. Ina is told by her ex-driver Bruno, who reveals he is gay, that she can earn ₱2,000 a night at a stripper club. Meanwhile, Juan meets his high school girlfriend Jenny (Kaye Abad) working at an amusement park, where he decides to apply. Tudis quits her job and tries to pursue her desired career as an artist. Tri tries to impress his girlfriend Gretchen (Angelica Panganiban) and her parents (Pinky Amador and Mandy Ochoa) with his intelligence. Por tries to convince her crush, Jeffrey (John Prats), to be escort her at her début. Pip, who is a closeted homosexual, spies on his crush doing his exercise routine, while Six invites their mother to a mass treat. Seven was assigned to lead a school programme on "Bakit Natatangi Ang Aking Ina" ("Why My Mother Is Unique") while Shammy tries to protect his reputation from his classmate, Nhel's brother, because he is not yet circumcised. Pip prevents them from fighting and when Nhel arrives, he accidentally mentions that Shammy is uncircumcised, causing Shammy to hate him.
Things take a turn for the worse as Ina causes more problems for her kids: she prevents Juan from marrying Jenny, while Tudis refuses to help her in job-seeking. She exposes her life as a stripper to Tri, Gretchen, and Gretchen's parents, which causes Tri and Gretchen to split. She unsuccessfully fulfils Por's million-peso début and also learns that Pip is gay, then ruins Six's "mass treat" after thinking it was a "trick or treat" event. Seven hasn't told her of the programme yet because she doesn't want to be humiliated. Cate reveals that Ten-Ten is deaf and Shammy has a high fever after having himself circumcised by an unlicensed doctor. Finally, Ten-Ten goes missing. Ina rushes in a taxi to Shammy in hospital while still in her stripper outfit, causing her cabbie Eddie (Dennis Padilla) to fall in love with her. During their subsequent family meeting, she emotionally explains to the children that she took on several jobs not because it was her obligation, but because she loves them. Her complicated speech has the opposite effect, with Juan deciding to run away with Jenny. Rowena (Eugene Domingo) comforts the careworn Ina, who thinks of how to solve everything.
After quitting her job at the club, Ina takes a bus ride where she sees a suicide bomber in front her, causing everyone to panic. She saved many lives, but ends up injured from the bus explosion. Her family arrives at the hospital and mourns a corpse under a sheet thinking it was Ina, who emerges a few moments later in a wheelchair. She eventually fixes everything: she permits Juan, who returned, to date Jenny but not wed her; she convinces Tudis to get her job back and Gretchen to reunite with Tri; she accepts Pip's sexuality while Six forgives her; Seven finishes her programme; she forgives Shammy, who recovers from his infection, while she finds the still-deaf Ten-Ten in a local church. Por meanwhile finally celebrates her début after all, and as Eddie snaps a photo of the Montecillos, the rocket in his back pocket ignites and sends him into the sky. Ina's voiceover explains that while she eventually married Eddie, they couldn't have anymore children after the rocket exploded in his trousers. In the end credits, the family is shown teaching Ten-Ten sign language together, so that he can communicate with the family.
Cast.
"Uncredited:"
Sequel.
In 2008, the Star Cinema brought the second installment of "Ang Tanging Ina" film series which still starred Ai-Ai de las Alas, Eugene Domingo, and several others. The film revolves around Ina (Ai-Ai de las Alas) who lately became the President of the Philippines and overturns the Philippines by ruling it into a whole new dimension of enjoyment which eventually causes her a lots of serious problem about the country and with her family as well.
Ang Tanging Ina (TV Series).
After the hit blockbuster movie also became the hit TV Sitcom (2003–05).

</doc>
<doc id="5860228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860228" title="Erlend Haraldsson">
Erlend Haraldsson

He was attacked in the Bog by Maddadson because Maddadson did not want Haraldsson as a stepfather.

</doc>
<doc id="5860230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860230" title="Will Wright (actor)">
Will Wright (actor)

William Henry Wright, known as Will Wright (March 26, 1894 – June 19, 1962), was an American character actor. He was frequently cast in westerns and as curmudgeonly old men. Over the course of his career, Wright appeared in more than two hundred film and television roles.
Career.
Born in San Francisco, Wright worked as a newspaperman before beginning a career in show business. He started his acting career in vaudeville and later moved to the stage. While on the NY stages, he picked up some film roles at Vitaphone Studios in Brooklyn; one confirmed sighting is in the Edgar Bergen & Charlie McCarthy short subject "Pure Feud" (1934) as 'Lem'. Wright also worked in radio, appearing in more than five thousand radio programs.
Wright made his west coast film debut in 1940 "Blondie Plays Cupid". In 1942, he provided the voice of Friend Owl in Walt Disney's animated film "Bambi". Wright also had roles in "Shadow of the Thin Man" (1941), "The Major and the Minor" (1943), "So Proudly We Hail!" (1943), "Road to Utopia" (1946), "Mother Wore Tights" (1947), "Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House" (1948), "Little Women" (1949), "Walk Softly, Stranger" (1950), "People Will Talk" (1951), "The Happy Time" (1952), "River of No Return" (1954), "The Man with the Golden Arm" (1955), "Jeanne Eagels" (1957), and "Gunman's Walk" (1958).
During the 1950s, he guest starred on several television series, including "Schlitz Playhouse of Stars", "Where's Raymond?", "The Bob Cummings Show", "Our Miss Brooks", "Father Knows Best", "The Millionaire", "Circus Boy", "Fury", "The Real McCoys", "The Donna Reed Show", "The Restless Gun", "Lawman", "Tales of Wells Fargo", and "The Rough Riders".
From 1959 to 1961, Wright had recurring roles on NBC's "Bat Masterson" and CBS's "Dennis the Menace". He also made multiple appearances on "I Love Lucy", "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet", "The Lone Ranger", "Sugarfoot", "December Bride", and "Maverick."
Wright was cast in the 1958 episode "The Cave-In" episode of the syndicated series "Rescue 8," starring Jim Davis and Lang Jeffries. He played an elderly man who attempts with shovel and bucket to build a backyard swimming pool for his grandchildren with disastrous results because of the lack of proper shoring.
Wright made three guest appearances on "Perry Mason" between 1959-1961. He first appeared as Chuck Clark in "The Case of the Petulant Partner," then as Adam Thompson in "The Case of the Nimble Nephew," and finally as James Vardon in "The Case of the Brazen Bequest."
In 1959, he was cast as J.C. Sickel in the episode, "Payment in Full" of the NBC western series, "Riverboat", starring Darren McGavin. Also appearing in this episode were Aldo Ray as Hunk Farber, John Larch as Touhy, and Barbara Bel Geddes as Missy. In the story line, Farber betrays his friend and employer to collect reward money, which he uses to court his girlfriend, Missy.
In 1960, Wright appeared as Mr. Johnson on CBS's "The Danny Thomas Show" in the episode entitled, "Danny Meets Andy Griffith", the spin-off for "The Andy Griffith Show". On "The Andy Griffith Show", Wright portrayed department store owner and landlord Ben Weaver in three episodes from 1960 to 1962. After his death, he was replaced as Ben Weaver, first by Tol Avery, and then by Jason Johnson. Wright made his last onscreen appearances in a 1962 episode of NBC's "Bonanza".
Death.
On June 19, 1962, Wright died of cancer at Cedars of Lebanon Hospital in Los Angeles. He is interred in Suisun-Fairfield Cemetery in Fairfield, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5860237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860237" title="Trident University International">
Trident University International

Trident University International (TUI) is a regionally accredited for-profit university where all courses are delivered online. It offers Bachelors, Masters and Doctoral degree programs in Business, Health Sciences, Education, and Information Systems. Trident University is a former branch campus of Touro College, later purchased by Summit Partners. 
History.
Founding.
Trident University is a former branch campus of Touro College, which was founded in 1970 in New York City. In October 2007, Trident became a stand-alone institution and was purchased by Summit Partners, a private-equity firm in Palo Alto, California, and Boston, Massachusetts. After purchasing the university, Summit Partners reorganized TUI as a for-profit institution and changed the name to Trident University International.
Trident University International.
In July 2009, Kenneth J. Sobaski, formerly of Capella University, was named President and CEO. In January 2011, TUI University announced major changes in its appearance and delivery, including a name change to Trident University International. Interim president Nolan Miura announced on December 12, 2011 the appointment of Lucille Sansing as president and CEO. On November 10, 2013, Andy Vaughn was named President and Chief Executive Officer.
Trident University is regionally accredited by the Accrediting Commission for Senior Colleges and Universities of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges. Their accreditation was threatened in 2011 by allegations that it had "failed to ensure that students transferring in to its undergraduate program had fulfilled their general education requirements and, more importantly, failed to tell the accreditor about the problem." In February 2012, WASC lifted the "show cause" order previously imposed on Trident and placed the school on probation due to Trident's progress in resolving the issues identified. One year later, WASC removed Trident's probation and reaffirmed its accreditation.
Academics.
Degree programs.
Trident University offers undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral level degrees, primarily focused around four core disciplines utilizing the Robust Learning Model (RLM).
Bachelor of Science degrees are offered in five disciplines, requiring between 120 and 124 credits to complete the degree:
Masters degrees are offered in five disciplines, requiring between 36 and 44 credits to complete the degree:
Doctoral degrees are offered in three disciplines, requiring 52-56 core, concentration, and dissertation series coursesat credits to complete the degree:
Military Discount Program.
The Trident University Military Discount Program is offered to all military students. In this program, service members may earn up to 28 semester credits (7 courses) per fiscal year toward a Bachelor degree at the University, at $250 per semester credit, when using full Department of Defense tuition assistance.
The Military Discount Program is available to military personnel under the following eligibility criteria and guidelines: 
Under the Military Discount Program, free courses are available for military students who settle their tuition by using the full amount of the Department of Defense Tuition Assistance for the fiscal year (October - September) at Trident University. Military spouses and military students not using Department of Defense Tuition Assistance receive a tuition discount rate.

</doc>
<doc id="5860243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860243" title="Harald Eiriksson">
Harald Eiriksson

For a long time, sovereignty over Caithness was disputed between the King of Scotland and the Norwegian Earldom of Orkney. As part of his struggle with Harald Maddadsson, King William I of Scotland ("Uilleam I of Alba") granted lands in Caithness to Harald the Young. Harald was also confirmed as joint earl of Orkney with Harald Maddadsson by King William I. About 1196, Harald Maddadsson agreed to pay a monetary tribute for Caithness to King William I. Harald the Young was subsequently killed by Harald Maddadsson. 

</doc>
<doc id="5860257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860257" title="David Haraldsson">
David Haraldsson

David Haraldsson and his brother Jon Haraldsson were the sons of Harald Maddadsson with his second wife Hvarflod, daughter of Earl Máel Coluim of Moray. Jon and David became joint Earls of Orkney after the death of their father in 1206. David Haraldsson died of sickness in 1214, leaving Jon Haraldsson to rule alone.

</doc>
<doc id="5860260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860260" title="Didier Leclair">
Didier Leclair

Didier Leclair (born Didier Kabagema, Montreal, 1967) is a Canadian francophone fiction writer currently based in Toronto. He has lived in various countries in Africa, and has studied at Laurentian University in Sudbury and Toronto's Glendon College.

</doc>
<doc id="5860269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860269" title="KLC">
KLC

Craig "KLC" Lawson (born July 15, 1969), is a rap music producer from the Third Ward of New Orleans, Louisiana. He found fame as a member of No Limit Records' in-house production team, Beats by the Pound. Since leaving the label, he has been a member of the Medicine Men, consisting of much of the same producers as the original Beats by the Pound, as well as some new talent. Along with Mannie Fresh, KLC is arguably one of the most important producers in New Orleans Rap and in Southern Rap. Juelz Santana's appearance on Paul Wall's "I'm Real, What Are You?" is one of the few occasions a New York rapper appeared on a KLC-produced track. KLC has worked with numerous recording artists and is credited for having discovered several prominent rappers, including Fiend, Mystikal and Soulja Slim. Recently, Rakim worked with KLC on a new track in his studios in Baton Rouge. He has also been quoted as saying he is poised to release a new project titled "Alarm Clock: Better Late Than Never." 
Early Years.
KLC grew up in the Melpomene Projects in New Orleans. His father played saxophone and Lawson followed in his musical footsteps, earning the nickname "The Drum major" even before joining the Green Middle School marching band. Lawson became fascinated by the cadences of a marching band's snare - the sound would later influence his production style. He moved with family members to a house in Uptown New Orleans on Parkway (the street would later be honored in the name of his first professional musical venture - Parkway Pumpin' Records). In high school, KLC got into breakdancing, one of his rivals being Michael "Mystikal Mike" Tyler. Tyler, aka Mystikal, would ultimately become a lifelong music associate.
After graduating high school, KLC and longtime friend Dartanian "MC Dart" Stovall started recording in a makeshift studio in the basement of KLC's home. Both had full-time, hourly jobs and one day decided to quit their jobs and devote their time to making music. They pooled their last paychecks and completed their first cassette. From these modest means, the teens established Parkway Pumpin' Records.
Parkway Pumpin'.
Although many independent labels appeared in the wake of New Orleans's 1991 bounce explosion, Parkway Pumpin', founded by KLC and Dart, was one of the first. It was also one of the most influential stables of talent, although the limited finances of the indie label resulted in precious few recordings. When Master P founded No Limit Records in Richmond, California and moved the label to New Orleans, most of the original roster (aside from Master P's relatives) were taken directly from the Parkway label roster.
Most of Parkway's associates never recorded with the label. Artists like Fiend, Mac (as Lil Mac The Lyrical Midget), Mystikal Mike (as Mystikal), Mr. Serv-On and Da Hound (Da Gert Town Hounds/Full Blooded) all went on to record with No Limit Records without having anything released in their time at Parkway Pumpin'. Only one future No Limit Soldier recorded on Parkway. Magnolia (Soulja) Slim recorded his sole Parkway Pumpin' release in '94, "Soulja Fa Lyfe."
The first act to record on Parkway Pumpin' was 39 Posse, a trio composed of Derrick "Shack" Mushatt, KLC and Dart. 39 Posse released their debut single, "Clockin' / Pumped in Power," in 1991. In 1993, 39 Posse dropped their debut full-length, "39 Automatic". Songs like "Ask Them Hoes," showed KLC's sound to be immediately distinguishable from other producers with his use of deep, sustained bass and martial snares. "Stuntin' Stars," "Bitch I'm Dart" and "Pass the Snake" show the beginnings of the later signature sounds of Beats By the Pound -produced tracks, with their hard beats and bluesy piano. Later that same year, Parkway released Lil Elt & DJ Tee's "Get the Gat" and "Get The Gat Gemix".
On Parkway Pumpin' there were no contracts, and artists including KLC himself often simultaneously worked at other labels. In 1994, KLC played keyboards and 39 Posse produced EXD's No Elevation for In the House Records. Mystikal (now minus the "Mike") recorded his debut album with Big Boy Records, where KLC also produced a track for veteran New Orleans rapper Sporty T. In 1995, Magnolia Slim recorded The Dark Side EP (produced by KLC and featuring 6 Shot) at Hype Enough. Fiend followed Mystikal to Big Boy Records and recorded his debut album on that label.
No Limit Records.
Once Master P arrived in New Orleans, he brought Beats by the Pound on board, most notably, KLC, who as the lead producer of the team. Their combined production capacity (churning out hundreds of tracks over the course of their stint with the label) and signature sound transformed No Limit Records from a little-heard west coast label into a southern powerhouse that sold over 50 million units. Beginning in 1998 through 1999, alleging across the board unfair business practices, majority of the roster left No Limit Records, including Mystikal and majority of the Beats by the Pound production team, including KLC.
Life After No Limit.
After leaving No Limit Records, KLC, along with fellow producers Mo B. Dick, Craig B and Odell, formed production team of The Medicine Men. The name change was the result of attempts to avoid confusion between the original members and the new staff hired by Master P as replacement producers. Collectively, they produced only one title, "What Is The Actual Meaning?" by 6-Shot. The title was never released publicly.
KLC currently operates under the company name Overdose Entertainment and has continued to produce not only for former No Limit Records labelmates such as Fiend and Mystikal, but other rap stars such as T.I. and Ludacris. Most notably, he produced the multi-Platinum singles "Move Bitch" by Ludacris and "Down For My Niggas" by Snoop Dogg featuring C-Murder and Magic.
Discography.
From 1988 to present, KLC is credited (solo and with other Medicine Men team members) on close to 300 studio recordings covering over 100 studio albums. Lawson's RIAA accolades include eighteen gold albums, twelve platinum albums, four double-platinum albums, two triple-platinum albums, and one quadruple-platinum album as well as two gold singles, two platinum singles and one double-platinum single. Lawson has two Grammy nominations, both at the 45th Annual Grammy Awards for Best Rap Album ("Word of Mouf" by Ludacris and "Tarantula" by Mystikal) and two BMI Awards - one for the hit single "Move Bitch" (by Ludacris) and one for the associated album "Word of Mouf".
His discography not only includes dozens of track for No Limit artists, but other popular southern and west coast rappers including Mack 10, 5th Ward Weebie, Ludacris, Juvenile, David Banner, B.G., T.I., Trina, Paul Wall, Bun B, and Scarface.

</doc>
<doc id="5860270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860270" title="Heinrik Haraldsson">
Heinrik Haraldsson


</doc>
<doc id="5860282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860282" title="Jon Haraldsson">
Jon Haraldsson

Jon Haraldsson and his brother David were the sons of Harald Maddadsson with his second wife Hvarflod, daughter of Earl Máel Coluim of Moray. Jon and David were joint Earls of Orkney after the death of their father. David Haraldsson died of sickness in 1214, leaving Jon Haraldsson to rule alone. 
In 1222, Jon Haraldsson was implicated, indirectly, in the burning of Bishop Adam of Caithness in his hall at Halkirk by local farmers. Jon was accused of looking on or of fomenting the discontent. King Alexander II of Scotland undertook harsh reprisals for the killing, to the satisfaction of Pope Honorius III. 
Snaekoll Gunnisson, a great-grandson of Rognvald Kali, demanded that Jon Haraldsson should share the Earldom with him. The supporters of Jon and Snaekoll fought a war until it was agreed that King Haakon IV of Norway should settle the matter. All concerned set off to Norway, but a ship carrying Jon Haraldsson, his supporters and his kin, was lost at sea on the return voyage during 1231. An alternative version of Earl John's demise is that he was resident in Thurso, and had his hall burnt around him. He escaped to a cellar only to be mortally wounded by Hanef, "quaestor" to the King of Norway, with nine wounds. With his death the Norse line of the Earldom of Orkney, dating from the time of Harald Fairhair, became extinct. The Mormaer of Caithness was given over to Magnus, ("Magnus mac Gille-Brighde of Angus"), the son of Gille Brigte, Mormaer of Angus, forming the basis for a new governing presence. In 1236, Magnus was granted the Earldom of Orkney by King Haakon IV.

</doc>
<doc id="5860283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860283" title="Philip I of Namur">
Philip I of Namur

Philip I (1175 – 9 October 1212), called the Noble, was the margrave of Namur from 1195 until his death. He was the second son of Baldwin V, Count of Hainault, and Margaret I, Countess of Flanders. His paternal grandmother was Alice, Countess of Namur.
Baldwin V had fought a war with his uncle, Henry IV of Luxembourg, to establish Namur as independent from Luxembourg in 1190 and in 1194, the Holy Roman Emperor Henry VI declared Namur to be a margraviate. Baldwin's will left Namur to Philip, but as a fief of Hainault. However, Theobald I of Bar, who had married Henry of Luxembourg's heiress, Ermesinda, refused to relinquish Namur and attacked Philip. The war lasted for three years until the Treaty of Dinant, signed on 26 July 1199, recognised Philip as holder of Namur.
Philip was left as regent of Hainault while his elder brother, Baldwin VI, went on the Fourth Crusade and acted as guardian to the young heiresses Joanna and Margaret.
During a war with France, Philip was subsequently imprisoned and only bought his freedom by marrying Marie, daughter of King Philip Augustus and Agnes of Merania, and sending his nieces as envoys to the royal court of France. This insulted the barons of Flanders and Hainault and they revolted and forced him to give up the regency.
In Namur, Philip's reign was a peaceful and pious promoter of social development. He intervened as the mediator between many feuding lords. He died of dysentery on 9 October 1212, in Valenciennes. He had designated his twin sister Yolande as heir.

</doc>
<doc id="5860296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860296" title="Yvonne Brown">
Yvonne Brown

Yvonne R. Brown is the mayor of Tchula, Mississippi.
An African-American, she was the Republican nominee for U.S. Congress in Mississippi's 2nd congressional district (map), unsuccessfully challenging incumbent Democrat Bennie Thompson in the 2006 mid-term election. She received 35.73% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="5860312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860312" title="Shi Zhi (Three Kingdoms)">
Shi Zhi (Three Kingdoms)

Shi Zhi (died 226) was a minister of Eastern Wu during the Three Kingdoms period of China. Shi Zhi was the oldest son of Shi Xie, Prefect of Jiaozhi. Following the death of his father, Shi Zhi rebelled against Sun Quan with his younger brother Shi Hui. Shi Zhi was eventually convinced to surrender to Lü Dai, but ended up being captured and executed.

</doc>
<doc id="5860325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860325" title="John Robert Stevens">
John Robert Stevens

John Robert Stevens (August 7, 1919 – June 4, 1983) founded The Living Word Fellowship in the 1950s and was the movement's leader until his death.
Stevens was born in Story County, Iowa. His parents, Eva Katherine and William J. Stevens, moved the family to California in 1929, during the Great Depression. In Los Angeles they attended the Angelus Temple, founded by Aimee Semple McPherson. In 1933 they returned to Washington, Iowa, where William Stevens founded the Christian Tabernacle church, in which young John Stevens taught children's Bible study and helped his father prepare sermons. John Stevens began preaching on his own in Gladwin, Iowa in 1935, before his sixteenth birthday, under the auspices of the Four Square Gospel denomination. After his high school graduation in 1937 he also traveled locally and regionally as an evangelist and was ordained in the Assembly of God in September 1937. Stevens was first married in 1939 and had two daughters by this marriage, which ended in divorce. 
Stevens moved to the Los Angeles area in 1946 and later became pastor of an Assemblies of God church in Lynwood, California. Around 1950 he was dismissed from that position and the Four Square Gospel and Assemblies of God denominations after propounding unorthodox beliefs, which he said were based on divine revelations. In 1951 he established his own church in South Gate, California, and by 1955 he had expanded his ministry into a new movement, initially called the Church of the Living Word and later called The Living Word Fellowship. For the remainder of his life he was the group's spiritual leader, expanding it in the United States and into several other countries.
After Stevens' death, his widow, the former Marilyn Holbrook, led the Living Word Fellowship together with Gary Hargrave, who married Marilyn Stevens in 1984. Stevens' writings and recordings of his sermons continue to be disseminated by Living Word Publications, a branch of Living Word Fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="5860327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860327" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Argentina">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Argentina

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Argentina is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Argentine Republic, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Argentina.
The embassy is located in Buenos Aires, Argentina's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Argentina since 1998. The Ambassador to Argentina is concurrently accredited to Paraguay and Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="5860330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860330" title="The Qat Collection">
The Qat Collection

The Qat Collection is a 1994 album by Sasha and Tom Frederikse featuring vocals from Sam Mollison.

</doc>
<doc id="5860331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860331" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Oxfordshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Oxfordshire

The following is a list of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Oxfordshire, a county in South East England. It has an area of 2,605 square kilometres and a population of 648,700. 
In England, the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which is responsible for protecting England's natural environment. Notification as an SSSI gives legal protection to the best sites for wildlife and geology. As of 2011, there are 110 SSSIs in this Area of Search, 76 of which have been designated for biological interest, 27 for geological interest, and 7 for both biological and geological interest. 
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.
The data in the table is taken from English Nature's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.

</doc>
<doc id="5860332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860332" title="Lost city (fiction)">
Lost city (fiction)

In the popular imagination lost cities are real, prosperous, well-populated areas of human habitation that have fallen into terminal decline and been lost to history. Most real lost cities are of ancient origins, and have been studied extensively by archaeologists. Abandoned urban sites of relatively recent origin are generally referred to as ghost towns.
Fictional lost cities have been created by many authors as the setting for stories and myths throughout the ages. These include: 

</doc>
<doc id="5860333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860333" title="Nova Scotia Route 208">
Nova Scotia Route 208

Route 208 is a collector highway in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Lunenburg County and Queens County and connects New Germany at Trunk 10 with South Brookfield at Trunk 8.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5860343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860343" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Nottinghamshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Nottinghamshire

This is a list of Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Nottinghamshire, a county in the East Midlands. Nottinghamshire is bordered by South Yorkshire to the north, and Leicestershire to the south, and has an estimated population of 1,055,400 within an area of , therefore making it the 17th largest cermeonial county in the United Kingdom. The data in this table is taken from English Nature's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.
As of March 2012 there are 66 SSSIs in Nottinghamshire. 63 are notable for their biological interest, 1 for its geology and 2 for both geological and biological interest.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5860345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860345" title="Herb Alpert's Ninth">
Herb Alpert's Ninth

"Herb Alpert's Ninth" is a 1967 album by Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass. It reached number 4 on the Billboard charts and spent 18 weeks on the Top 40. It was the last album by the Tijuana Brass to be released in both mono and stereo versions; all albums afterward would be released in stereo only. 
It was, as its title indicated, the ninth album released by the Brass. Its cover, in addition to a number of still photos from Brass concerts, included a pop-culture joke. Ludwig van Beethoven had been a popular topic on T-shirts in the late 1960s. In this case, an illustration of Beethoven was shown apparently wearing a T-shirt with Alpert's face on it. The title was also a play on Beethoven's Ninth Symphony. None of Beethoven's Ninth actually appeared in the album tracks, but another classical work did - a medley of the tunes from the opera "Carmen", centering on "Habanera", and also including "cameos" from some of the group's earlier hits - "Spanish Flea", "A Taste of Honey", "Whipped Cream", "What Now My Love", "Zorba The Greek" and "Tijuana Taxi" - worked into the track.
The album otherwise featured the usual collection of lively pop hit covers, along with a song called "A Banda" that was in the style of some of their earlier hits. The Brass' leisurely rendition of "The Trolley Song" was in deliberate contrast to the well-known energetic version originally sung by Judy Garland in the film "Meet Me in St. Louis". Other old songs include the Cole Porter standard "My Heart Belongs to Daddy" made famous by Mary Martin; and "The Love Nest", best known as the radio and TV theme of the George Burns and Gracie Allen programs. Juxtaposed with those oldies was a rendition of the Beatles' "With a Little Help From My Friends", its instrumentation emphasizing the monotonal aspects of Ringo Starr's song hit. 
The album also featured an unusual original entry, a mournful, minor-key melody called "Bud", which was written "In memory of our dear friend Ervan (Bud) Coleman" (who had died from surgery complications on May 26, 1967 (age 45), before the album was completed) and was also credited as being authored by Coleman and his wife Eleanor. Coleman was the composer of several Brass tunes (notably "Tijuana Taxi") and also played guitar and mandolin and several TJB tracks. He was also a key member of Julius Wechter's Baja Marimba Band (their tribute to him, "For Bud", was featured on their 1968 album, "Do You Know the Way To San Jose"). In addition to the usual brass, the tune featured Spanish guitar.
Collaborating with Alpert in the production was his usual cadre of musicians: Nick Ceroli, Bob Edmondson, Tonni Kalash, Lou Pagani, John Pisano and Pat Senatore.

</doc>
<doc id="5860372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860372" title="Harmonic mixing">
Harmonic mixing

Harmonic mixing or key mixing is a DJ's continuous mix between two pre-recorded tracks that are most often either in the same key, or their keys are relative or in a subdominant or dominant relationship with one another. 
The primary goal of harmonic mixing is to create a smooth transition between songs. Songs in the same key do not generate a dissonant tone when mixed. This technique enables DJs to create a harmonious and consonant mashup with any music genre.
Traditional methods.
A commonly known method of using harmonic mixing is to detect the root key of every music file in the DJ collection by using a piano. The root key that fits the track perfectly may be used to create harmonic mash-ups with other tracks in the same key. The root key is also considered compatible with the subdominant, dominant and relative major/minor keys.
A more advanced harmonic mixing theory has been proposed which accounts for the various modes as well (aeolian, ionian, lydian, mixolydian, dorian and phrygian). It is shown that these alternate modes can be seen as variations of the traditional major and minor keys, and that they can be translated to traditional keys via the Circle of Fifths.
Which notes are in the scale is much more important than which is the tonic, so these can be converted to one mode, such as minor. For example F lydian and B locrian contain the same notes as A minor, so these should be compatible, and slightly less with D minor and E minor.
2006–2012.
Starting in 2006, harmonic mixing experienced a renaissance. Two products made it easier for DJs to analyze the keys of their music files by scanning files and eliminating the need for a piano. Mixed In Key became an industry standard for key detection due to the large number of fans and notable people in the DJ industry using the product. Mixed In Key also uses its own unique system to identify and mix compatible keys called the Camelot Wheel. MixShare created a freeware utility called Rapid Evolution for the same purpose as well as KeyFinder by Ibrahim Sha'ath. Starting with version 2.6.1 Traktor from Native Instruments can also perform key detection. Serato Scratch Live from Rane, and Torq from M-Audio have a "Key" display in their interfaces, as well as a key column in the library browser to allow for easy sorting of songs by key as does Virtual DJ from Atomix Productions as of version 5.0. Rekordbox from Pioneer also included a key column for sorting music metadata and has a built-in key analyzer that is included with version 2.0.1 and higher. Mixmeister is yet another software that performs automatic key and bpm detection and performs beatmixing automatically and honours harmonic key information at the discretion of the user.

</doc>
<doc id="5860385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860385" title="God Hour">
God Hour

God Hour is the second album by As Friends Rust. It was first released under the name "God Hour" as a double 7-inch record and MCD by Good Life Recordings, who mistook the album's name. The original title was to be As Friends Rust. The band got hold of the mistake but a proper version was not released until the Doghouse Records release later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="5860390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860390" title="Otto I, Count of Burgundy">
Otto I, Count of Burgundy

Otto I (between 1167 and 1171 – 13 January 1200) was Count of Burgundy from 1190 to his death and briefly Count of Luxembourg from 1196 to 1197. He was the fourth son of Emperor Frederick I Barbarossa by his second wife Countess Beatrice I of Burgundy, heiress of Count Renaud III.
Reign.
Upon the death of his mother in 1184, his father granted him the Burgundian county, elevating him to the rank of a Count palatine ("Freigraf"). Haughty Otto however soon entered into several feuds: not only with the Anscarid lords of Auxonne and Mâcon, who claimed late Beatrice's heritage, but also with the Counts of Montbéliard, the French Duke Odo III of Burgundy and Duke Berthold V of Zähringen. In the course of negotiations in 1195, he killed Count Amadeus of Montbèliard with his own hands, followed by the assassination of Alsatian Count Ulric of Ferrette in 1197 and the execution of a brother of Konrad von Hüneburg, Bishop of Strasbourg, in 1198.
When Count Henry IV of Luxembourg died without heirs in 1196, his county escheated to the Emperor and Henry VI enfeoffed his brother Otto. Count Theobald I of Bar, who had married Ermesinde, daughter of late Count Henry IV, negotiated the renunciation of Luxembourg with Otto the next year.
Meanwhile Count palatine Otto's regional conflicts had become a severe threat to the power politics of his Hohenstaufen relatives. After Philip of Swabia had been elected King of the Romans in 1198, rivaling with the Welf duke Otto of Brunswick, he tried to settle the numerous quarrels picked by his brother. In 1200 Otto was assassinated at Besançon, his death came in useful to many political actors.
Otto was buried at St Stephen's Cathedral, today the site of the Citadel of Besançon.
Family.
Otto had married Margaret, daughter of Count Theobald V of Blois, in 1190. After her husband's death her brother-in-law King Philip enfeoffed her with the Burgundian county, as regent for her minor daughter Joanna. Upon Joanna's death in 1205, Otto's second daughter, Beatrice, became countess and Philip married her to Duke Otto I of Merania.

</doc>
<doc id="5860397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860397" title="Gurdwaras in Africa">
Gurdwaras in Africa

This is a list of gurdwaras in Africa. A gurdwara is a place of worship in Sikhism. It is a place where Sikhs can gather to hear devotional hymns and recital from the Guru Granth Sahib - the Sikh holy book.

</doc>
<doc id="5860398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860398" title="Magnus III of Orkney">
Magnus III of Orkney


</doc>
<doc id="5860404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860404" title="Jimmy Ring">
Jimmy Ring

James Joseph "Jimmy" Ring (February 15, 1895, Brooklyn, New York – July 6, 1965, Queens, New York) was a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Cincinnati Reds (1917–1920), Philadelphia Phillies (1921–1925, 1928), New York Giants (1926) and St. Louis Cardinals (1927). Ring batted and threw right-handed.
Ring was used sparingly by the Cincinnati Reds from 1917 to 1918. He won 10 games in 1919, and beat Ed Cicotte and the Chicago White Sox in Game Four of the World Series on a five-hit, 2–0 shutout. He pitched again in Game Six, losing after allowing one run in five innings of relief. The next year he won 17 games, and was sent to the Philadelphia Phillies at the end of the season along with Greasy Neale in the same trade that brought Eppa Rixey to Cincinnati.
From 1921 to 1925 Ring averaged 12.8 wins per season, with a career-high 18 wins in 1923. Then, he was traded by the Phillies to the New York Giants before the 1927 season. After an 11–10 mark with the Giants, he was sent to the St. Louis Cardinals along with Frankie Frisch in exchange for Rogers Hornsby.
Ring failed to win a game for St. Louis in 1927. He appeared in 13 games and had a 0–4 record. In 1928, his last major league season, he returned to the Phillies and had a 4–17 mark in 35 appearances.
In a 12-season career, Ring posted a 118–149 record with 835 strikeouts and a 4.12 ERA in 2354-1/3 innings pitched.
Jimmy Ring died in Queens, New York, aged 70.

</doc>
<doc id="5860407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860407" title="Bucherer reaction">
Bucherer reaction

The Bucherer reaction in organic chemistry is the reversible conversion of a naphthol to a naphthylamine in the presence of ammonia and sodium bisulfite.
The French chemist Robert Lepetit was the first to discover the reaction in 1898 but it was the German chemist Hans Theodor Bucherer (1869–1949) who discovered (independent from Lepetit) its reversibility and its potential in chemistry especially in industry. Bucherer published his results in 1904 and his name is connected to this reaction. The organic reaction also goes by the name Bucherer-Lepetit reaction or (wrongly) the Bucherer-Le Petit reaction.
Mechanism.
in the first step of the reaction mechanism a proton adds to a carbon atom with high electron density therefore by preference to C2 or C4 of naphthol (1). This leads to resonance stabilized adducts 1a-1e. 
De-aromatization of the first ring of the naphthalene system occurs at the expense of 25 kcal/mol. In the next step a bisulfite anion adds to C3 through 1e. This results in the formation of 3a which tautomerizes to the more stable 3b to the sulfonic acid of tetralone. A nucleophilic addition follows of the amine with formation of 4a and its tautomer 4b loses water to form the resonance stabilized cation 5a. This compound is deprotonated to the imine 5b or the enamine 5c but an equilibrium exists between both species. The enamine eliminates sodium bisulfite with formation of naphthylamine 6.
It is important to stress that this is a reversible reaction. The reaction is summarized as follows:
The Bucherer carbazole synthesis is a related reaction.

</doc>
<doc id="5860408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860408" title="Magnus Magnusson, Earl of Orkney">
Magnus Magnusson, Earl of Orkney


</doc>
<doc id="5860410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860410" title="Xue Ying">
Xue Ying

Xue Ying (died 282), courtesy name Daoyan (道言), was a minister of the state of Eastern Wu during the late Three Kingdoms period. He was the son of Xue Zong. The inept ruler of Wu, Sun Hao, was prepared to commit suicide because the Jin Dynasty's army had invaded Eastern Wu's capital. Xue Ying advised Sun Hao to remember how Shu Han's ruler Liu Shan was treated after his surrender, and Sun decided to submit to the Jin Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="5860411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860411" title="Jón Magnússon, Earl of Orkney">
Jón Magnússon, Earl of Orkney

Jón Magnússon was Earl of Orkney in 1284–c. 1312.
Life.
Jón Magnússon was the son of Magnus III of Orkney, and succeeded his brother to the Earldom of Orkney and Earldom of Caithness in 1284. He was a signatory of the Treaty of Birgham/Salisbury in 1290, in which Margaret, Maid of Norway was betrothed to Edward of Carnarfon. On 5 August 1296 he swore fealty to Edward I of England at Murkle, in Caithness.

</doc>
<doc id="5860414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860414" title="1976 WHA Amateur Draft">
1976 WHA Amateur Draft

The 1976 WHA Amateur Draft was the fourth draft held by the World Hockey Association.
__NOTOC__
Selections by Round.
Below are listed the selections in the 1976 WHA Amateur Draft.
Round 1.
1 Blair Chapman - Edmonton Oilers
2 Peter Marsh - Cincinnati Stingers
3 Glen Sharpley - Cleveland Crusaders
4 Bobby Simpson - Indianapolis Racers
5 Dave Farrish - San Diego Mariners
6 Bernie Federko - Edmonton Oilers
7 Randy Carlyle - Cincinnati Stingers
8 Bjorn Johansson - Toronto Toros
9 Thomas Gradin - Winnipeg Jets
10 Rick Green - Quebec Nordiques
11 Kent Nilsson - Toronto Toros
12 Don Murdoch - Cincinnati Stingers

</doc>
<doc id="5860415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860415" title="Al Hayman">
Al Hayman

Al Hayman, also known as Raphael Hayman, (1847 – February 10, 1917) was the business partner of the better-known Charles Frohman who together with others established the Theatrical Syndicate. In addition to the financial backing, ownership and construction of new theaters and the early monopolisation of the booking networks, the Syndicate also produced a number of Broadway shows.
Biography.
Al Hayman was born in Wheeling, West Virginia. He began his theatrical career as a manager for a tour of "The Black Crook" in 1871. In 1883 Hayman travelled to San Francisco and, leasing the Baldwin Theatre, became its producing manager, becoming a well-known manager. Around 1989 he moved to New York and bought the play "Shenandoah" with Charles Frohman. He also gained control of a theatre in Chicago, starting the wide ownership of theatres. In 1896 he, along with Frohman, Marc Klaw, A.L. Erlanger, Samuel Nixon and J. Fred Zimmerman, Sr. established the Theatrical Syndicate. This group established systemized booking networks throughout the United States and created a monopoly that controlled every aspect of contracts and bookings until the late 1910s when the Shubert brothers broke their hold on the industry. Hayman concentrated on investments in real estate. 
As theater impresarios and booking agents he helped develop the theater district in New York at the turn of the 20th century. Hayman owned and/or operated several theatres in New York, such as the Knickerbocker Theatre and the Empire Theatre
Hayman retired from the theatrical field, leaving his interests to his brother, Alf, and moved to Europe in 1911. Hayman died on February 10, 1917 in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="5860426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860426" title="Magnús Jónsson, Earl of Orkney">
Magnús Jónsson, Earl of Orkney

He was a signatory to the Declaration of Arbroath, which describes him as Earl of Caithness and Orkney.

</doc>
<doc id="5860440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860440" title="Poldi">
Poldi

Poldi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5860442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5860442" title="Abdel Rahman Shokry">
Abdel Rahman Shokry

Abdel Rahman Shokry (Arabic:عبد الرحمن شكري) was an Egyptian poet from the Diwan school of poets, born on 12 October 1886. He was born in Port Said and he travelled to England where he got his Bachelor of Arts from the University of Sheffield.
He believed that poetry must be renewed and freed from the one-rhyme system in Arabic poetry. There were seven poetry books for him, including "Light of The Dawn" in 1909 and "Flower of The Spring" in 1916.
He abandoned poetry after dispute with his two colleagues in this school, Ibrahim Al-Mazini and Abbas el-Akkad, until he died on 16 December 1958.

</doc>
