<doc id="5870794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870794" title="The Bronze Bow">
The Bronze Bow

The Bronze Bow is a book by Elizabeth George Speare that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1962.
Plot.
This book is set in first-century Judaea. The main character, a young man named Daniel Bar Jamin, lives at the same time as Jesus of Nazareth.
Daniel's father was crucified in front of him, as an example, by the Roman occupiers (as his uncle did not have money to pay the tax) so even at eight, he immediately hates and distrusts the Romans and vows that he will avenge his father's death. His mother dies of grief after her husband's death, and Daniel's younger sister, Leah, is traumatized by these events, possessed by demons, and never leaves the house. The children are both taken in by their grandmother, but as she becomes ill and poor over the years, she sells Daniel to Amalek the blacksmith. Daniel escapes his cruel master, running away to the mountains where he is rescued, close to death by Rosh, the leader of an outlaw band of rebels, who plan to someday overtake the Romans. They adopt Daniel into their crew, and Daniel begins a new life in the mountains, trying to forget about his grandmother and sister he had left behind in the village.
Several years after these events, Daniel meets his old friends Joel bar Hezron and his twin sister Malthace, who climbed the mountain for the holidays. Joel wants to join Rosh's band, so he promises Rosh that he will be a spy in Capernaum, the city to which he is moving.
Rosh sends Daniel out on a mission to capture a slave. The crew names him Samson (a character in the Biblical Book of Judges with immense strength) for his brute strength. Samson doesn't speak their language, but he sees Daniel as his master and follows him. One day, Simon the Zealot, Daniel's friend from the village, comes to tell Daniel his grandmother is dying. He returns to his village of Ketzah and sees his grandmother. She passes away and Daniel is left in charge of Leah. Later, Simon tells Daniel he is going to follow Jesus and leaves Daniel in charge of his shop; Daniel and Leah move.
Now that he is stuck in the blacksmith shop and cannot live in the mountains with Rosh's crew, Daniel begins recruiting young men who are around his own age to rebel against the Romans. They decide on a password, which is from the song of David: 'He trains my hands for war, so that my arms can bend a bow of bronze.' They meet in an abandoned watch tower outside of the village and slowly begin rebelling small bits at a time. One day, Rosh gives Joel a mission: he is to find out who is coming to a special banquet thrown for a special legation from Rome. Joel finds out the names by chatting to the servants and slaves of the house, and even after the banquet he continues to do so, passing on any information he can find to Rosh. But soon, Joel is captured. Rosh refuses to help free him, so Daniel and his small band devise a plan to free him themselves. From the top of a cliff, they attack the group of Romans that are escorting the prisoners, but the attack goes horribly wrong. They only succeed because Samson shows up and rolls a boulder down on the attacking Romans and then joins the fight. The boys end up freeing Joel, but one of them dies and many of them are injured. After the fight, Samson is dragged away by the Romans, nearly dead. Daniel realizes that in rebelling, they had been doing the wrong thing. Instead of weakening Rome, they had weakened themselves. Together, Joel and Daniel realize that Jesus is, perhaps, the leader they had been waiting for.
A young Roman soldier named Marcus, who Daniel hated (a conquered German), befriends Daniel's sister. Daniel eventually finds out and goes into a fit of rage. Leah, who had seemed to be in the process of being cured, falls back into fully being possessed by her demons.
The story ends with Jesus healing Leah from her demons, and Daniel, released of his vow, showing Jesus' love to the Roman soldier.
Daniel lets the Roman see Leah.
Educational uses.
Junior high teachers may find "The Bronze Bow" helpful in supplementing social studies and language arts lessons. The attention to period and geographical detail can increase student understanding of both historical and current conditions in Israel. The variety of story telling conventions, including romance, battles, espionage, and friendship, might interest young adults as a lit set or young and emergent readers as a read aloud story. One additional use in the classroom, particularly in parochial or church school settings, is as an ethics, morals, and religious discussion starter.
Critical views.
The book has been criticized by some Jewish and Christian groups and scholars for a hostile depiction of Judaism, an idealized version of Christianity, and for its historical inaccuracies. Written by a Sunday School teacher, it arguably represents missionary literature and its use in classroom instruction remains controversial. For more details see:

</doc>
<doc id="5870796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870796" title="Classified magazine">
Classified magazine

A classified magazine is a magazine that publishes small ads and announcements, known as classifieds, for free or at relatively low cost. Typically these include items for sale and wanted, and services offered; they may also include personal ads. Some classified magazines specialise in particular areas, for example the sale of cars. Their frequency is typically monthly or weekly.
Advertisements are sometimes accompanied by small pictures of items for sale, or in the case of personal advertisements pictures of the advertisers, but mostly the content is textual. There may be a small amount of display advertising and/or journalism.
Such magazines may be national or local; distribution is via kiosks, newsstands, or dump bins, and less often via free home delivery or paid-for subscription through the mail. Many also publish their advertisements on the World Wide Web.
The business models of their publishers vary. Some issue the magazine for free, while charging advertisers; in some, advertisements are free but readers pay for their copies; in some, only advertisements offering goods under a certain value are free, and others are charged for; and some publishers charge both the advertiser and the reader. The decision as to which business model to pursue rests largely on the perceived value of the advertisements to the readers, and the perceived value to the advertisers of receiving responses to their ads.
In the case of personal advertisements, particularly, the publisher may also generate further income from the provision of a voicemail service, which allows people responding to an advertisement to call a premium rate telephone number and leave a message for the advertiser, but does not reveal the advertiser's identity.
Although termed magazines, many classified magazines are in fact printed on newsprint.

</doc>
<doc id="5870818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870818" title="Glenwood, Lane County, Oregon">
Glenwood, Lane County, Oregon

Glenwood, Lane County, Oregon is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States. Located between the cities of Springfield and Eugene, on the route of the former Pacific Highway, which is now named Franklin Boulevard. Glenwood is in Springfield's annexation and has a Eugene postal address; it forms a bridge between the two cities.
History.
In the past, Glenwood was an agricultural area with bean fields and fruit tree orchards. The town has a significant amount of real estate properties located on the Willamette River.
Government.
Springfield voters passed an urban renewal land renewal grant for Glenwood in 2004 intended to encourage growth and increase Glenwood's infrastructure.
Area amenities.
BRING Recycling's Planet Improvement Center is located in Glenwood and is a non-profit recycler that focuses on reducing waste, reusing resources and the recycling of resources. The Lane Transit District public transportation agency's headquarters is located in Glenwood. Glenwood has a Dari Mart grocery and convenience store on Franklin Boulevard, an army surplus store, a "Cash King" discount liquidation store, auto parts stores, a bar, and restaurants, including the Roaring Rapids Pizza Company pizza restaurant, which has an indoor carousel and riverfront dining. Glenwood also has a central receiving station refuse collection facility that offers many recycling opportunities.
Transportation.
Bus.
The Emerald Express (EmX) is an express bus rapid transit (BRT) bus service that runs between Eugene and Springfield, and has three stops in Glenwood. On weekdays, bus service runs from approximately from 6:00am to 11:00pm, with lesser stops during weekends.

</doc>
<doc id="5870824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870824" title="...And Now Miguel">
...And Now Miguel

...And Now Miguel is a novel by Joseph Krumgold that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1954. It deals with the life of Miguel Chavez, a 12-year-old Hispanic-American shepherd from New Mexico. It is also the title of a 1953 documentary directed by Krumgold. In 1966, a feature film adaptation was directed by James B. Clark and starred Pat Cardi.
Plot summary.
Miguel Chavez has dreamed of visiting the Sangre de Cristo Mountains since he was very little. This summer, he is going to work hard and pray until his father and grandfather realize that he is ready to take the trip with the rest of the older men.
His prayers are granted, though ironically – when his older brother is drafted his father needs an extra body and grudgingly allows Miguel to accompany them. Miguel is miserable with the manner in which his wish has been granted, and confesses to his brother what he prayed for. His brother explains that he had been praying to leave New Mexico and see more of the world – while he is not happy about being drafted, he fatalistically accepts that it is the only way he is likely to be able to fulfill his dream. The brothers resolve to allow God to work freely for the rest of their lives, and not bother God with petty requests.
Illustrations.
The book was illustrated by artist Jean Charlot, described as " the greatest artist ever to devote himself regularly to the field of children's books". 
The New York Herald Tribune reviewer gave credit to Charlot: "Fully half of our pleasure in the book lay in the superb Charlot drawings." 
References.
ISBN 0-690-09118-4
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5870832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870832" title="Mama (Loves a Crackhead)">
Mama (Loves a Crackhead)

"Mama (Loves a Crackhead)" is the fourth single by British rapper and songwriter Plan B, taken from his debut album "Who Needs Actions When You Got Words", which was released two weeks prior to the single. "Mama (Loves a Crackhead)" was the first single to be entirely produced by Plan B himself. "Mama" was released on 10 July 2006, and it just missed out on a UK Top 40 placing, peaking at #41. The song "tells the sad story of his mother's relationship with a crack addict". The music video for "Mama (Loves a Crackhead)" was directed by Dawn Shadforth. The song samples "I Can't Go for That (No Can Do)" by Hall & Oates and a remix version featuring Hall & Oates is also featured on his Paint It Blacker mixtape.

</doc>
<doc id="5870839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870839" title="James Barr (politician)">
James Barr (politician)

Rev James Barr (1862 – 1949) was a British Liberal then Labour politician and a noted pacifist and socialist. He was also a strong supporter of home rule for Scotland, a minimum wage and the Temperance movement.
He was originally a Liberal but then joined the Independent Labour Party. Barr was Member of Parliament (MP) for Motherwell, from 1924 to 1931 and then for Coatbridge from 1935 to 1945.
He was Chairman of the Select Committee on Capital Punishment, 1929 - 1930 which reported at the end of the latter year.
In 1930-1931 he was Chairman of the Liaison Committee, as the Chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party was then known at any time when the party was in government.
A Presbyterian minister, Barr strongly opposed any link between Church and State; in his view, the Church must support and maintain itself on an entirely voluntary basis.
For this reason, he was a prominent member of the United Free Church of Scotland and he led the opposition to that group's reunion with the Church of Scotland in 1929; he and those of like mind did not participate in the re-union and continued as the United Free Church of Scotland, which is still in existence.
His maiden speech as an MP was an attack on the Church of Scotland (Property and Endowments) Act 1925 and lasted just under an hour and a half.
Barr was the grandfather of James Barr (biblical scholar).

</doc>
<doc id="5870840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870840" title="James H. Gildea">
James H. Gildea

James Hilary Gildea (October 21, 1890–June 5, 1988) was a newspaperman and a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
James H. Gildea was born in Coaldale Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania. He was apprenticed to the printing trade in 1905. He was engaged in the newspaper publishing business from 1910, when he founded the "Coaldale Observer". He worked as chairman of the Coaldale Relief Society from 1930 to 1933, and of the Panther Valley Miners’ Equalization Committee.
Gildea was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fourth and to the Seventy-fifth Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1938, 1940, and 1950. He resumed newspaper publishing until his retirement in 1972. He also worked as superintendent of the Coaldale State Hospital from 1962 to 1965. He also managed a professional football team, the Coaldale Big Green. He was a resident of Arlington, Virginia, until his death there. He is buried in St. Joseph’s Cemetery in Summit Hill, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5870843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870843" title="Ranunculidae">
Ranunculidae

Ranunculidae is a subclass of plants used in some taxonomic systems and not others. By necessity it includes the order Ranunculales, but otherwise it differs between taxonomic systems.

</doc>
<doc id="5870848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870848" title="Amos Fortune, Free Man">
Amos Fortune, Free Man

Amos Fortune, Free Man is a biographical novel by Elizabeth Yates that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1951. It is about a young African prince, who when people come and attack his tribe, is captured and taken to America as a slave. He masters a trade, frees himself by his own efforts and dies a respected citizen.
Characters.
Amos Fortune - (ca. 1710 – 1801) born a prince in Africa, captured by slave traders and brought to America via the "White Falcon" (a slave ship). He as sold into slavery and eventually freed at the age of 60. Fortune worked hard to develop his tannery in the town of Jaffrey, New Hampshire, and became a valued member of the community there.
Plot.
At-mun, a young African prince, lives a peaceful life until a raid on their village by slavers kills his father, the chief. At-mun is kidnapped and sold in New England. Now called 'Amos', he is sold to a man named Caleb Copeland, and though the Copeland family do not treat him badly he rejects his slave status and determines to earn his freedom. He comes to an arrangement with Copeland, but when Caleb dies in debt the arrangement is disregarded, and so Amos is sold again to a man named Ichabod Richardson. Richardson teaches Amos about tanning, and he becomes a skilled worker. He is now about thirty. Amos works for Richardson for four years, then buys his freedom. He marries a woman named Lily, whose freedom he also buys; but she dies a year later. Amos is sad that she died, yet happy she died a free person. Later he marries another African woman named Lydia, and it takes three more years to save up her freedom price. Lydia dies a year later. Again, Amos is sad she died but happy that she died free. He marries a younger woman named Violet, and he buys freedom for her daughter too. Amos moves to Jaffrey, New Hampshire to start his own tanning business there, and does so despite opposition. Eventually Amos saves up enough money that he buys his own land and he builds a house and a barn.
At one point Amos becomes very angry with his wife, who has taken money from him. He climbs a mountain and doesn't leave until he gets an answer from God. Eventually he receives his answer and climbs back down, then forgives his wife as she is sorry for stealing his money. She had done it to keep him from helping a woman named Lois who needed help to keep her children from being taken away. She was lazy and wouldn't support her children,but Amos had pity on her. He decides against helping her and keeps the money. Amos goes to buy the land that he has always wanted. They buy the land and they build a house before winter. They also build a place where Amos can work as a tanner. At this point in his life, he is 80 years old.
The book is based on the life of the real Amos Fortune, who was born free in Africa in 1710 and who died free in Jaffrey, New Hampshire, in 1801.
Note.
Most of the information here can be cited from this site. This site contains enough information to cover the Historical facts to this book.

</doc>
<doc id="5870851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870851" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Northumberland">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Northumberland

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Northumberland. Note that English Nature, the designating body for SSSIs in England, uses the 1974-1996 county system, and this list follows the same approach. Some sites you may expect to find here could therefore be in the County Durham or Tyne and Wear lists.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5870856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870856" title="Hidden Stash">
Hidden Stash

Hidden Stash is the first b-sides and rarities collection and second official album of the Kottonmouth Kings, released on October 26, 1999. Shortly after the release of previous album, "Royal Highness", Saint Dog left the group to pursue a career with his brother Big Hoss, who, according to the song "Big Hoss," was in prison at the time "Royal Highness" was made. To replace him, they called in their old friend (and original Kottonmouth King) Johnny Richter, who was part of the group until 2013. 
On September 15, 2009, "Hidden Stash" was re-issued with the "OG Dopeumentary" DVD as "Double Dose V1", the first in a series of three double dose sets.
Track listing.
(*) indicates original Kottonmouth Kings' demo

</doc>
<doc id="5870858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870858" title="War of the Buttons (1962 film)">
War of the Buttons (1962 film)

La Guerre des boutons or War of the Buttons is a 1962 French film directed by Yves Robert, about two rival kid gangs whose playful combats escalate into violence. The title derives from the buttons that are cut-off from the rival team's clothes as combat trophies. The film is based on "La Guerre des boutons", a novel by Louis Pergaud (1882–1915), who was killed in action in World War I and whose works portray a fervent anti-militarism.
The young and largely untrained actors included André Treton ("Lebrac"), Michel Isella ("l'Aztec") and Martin Lartigue ("Petit Gibus"). The character Petit Gibus's line of dialogue - uttered in frustration - "si j'aurais su, j'aurais pas v'nu" ("if I woulda known, I wouldn'ta come"), with its incorrect grammar (the correct form should be: "si j"avais" su, je ne "serais" pas venu") has become a familiar tagline in France (the line was not in the original novel).
The film won France's Prix Jean Vigo.
The film was remade in Ireland in 1994 as "War of the Buttons", in an Irish setting, and again in France in 2011, with the original title.

</doc>
<doc id="5870871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870871" title="King of the Wind">
King of the Wind

King of the Wind is a novel by Marguerite Henry that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1949. It was made into a film in 1990.
Plot summary.
The novel is a fictionalised biography of the Godolphin Arabian, an ancestor of the modern thoroughbred. The story starts with Man o' War's victory over Sir Barton in a race. The fans expect Man o' War to race at Newmarket, but his owner chooses to end his racing career early. When questioned about his decision, he tells the story of the Godolphin Arabian.
The story starts in Morocco, as the fast of Ramadan is ending with the setting sun. The boys in the Sultan's stables begin to hungrily feast, but Agba, a mute orphan, ignores the end of the fast and continues to tend to his favorite mare. She refuses to eat, even though all the horses were forced to participate in the Ramadan fast along with the humans, and Agba worries for her. The Chief Groom realizes this, and that tonight is her birthing hour.
Agba, sleeping in the mare's stall, wakes to find a new foal in the stable. He notices a white spot on the colt's hind heel, considered the emblem of swiftness and good luck. The Chief Groom, upon entering the stall spots a wheat ear on the foal's chest: a sign of bad luck. He attempts to kill the colt, but Agba intervenes and points out the white spot. The Chief Groom considers this, then leaves, prophesying that the mare will die. Agba, undaunted, names the colt Sham because of his golden coat.
Within a few days, the prophecy is fulfilled when the mare dies. Agba attempts to run away from the stables, but is knocked into a camel. This gives him an idea, and he feeds Sham on camel's milk and wild honey, promising that someday he will be King of The Wind.
Sham matures into a promising racehorse, beating all of the other horses in the stable. He sees Agba as a mother, and they develop a close bond. One day, the Sultan summons six horseboys to his palace, including Agba, and charges them to accompany six horses that are to be given as gifts to the French king. One horse is to be chestnut, one yellow dun, one dark gray, one white, one black, and one bay touched with gold. Sham fits the requirements for the bay horse and accompanies Agba to France. The horseboy is to remain with that horse until death, then return to Morocco.
However, the supposedly great racehorses are frowned upon by the French, who believe that they are not 'lusty' enough to be racehorses. Five of the horses are sent to work in the army, but Sham remains behind to be a kitchen horse. He does not take to this work well, and when Agba is gone one afternoon, Sham causes such a mess that the cook sells him.
Agba searches desperately for Sham, finally finding him pulling water in the streets of Paris. He becomes a slave to Sham's owner and meets Grimalkin the cat along the way.
Sham is bought by a Quaker man and taken to England. He refuses to have the Quaker's nephew ride him and is sold to an inn. When Agba is caught sneaking in to see the horse, he goes to jail. The jailer destroys Sham's pedigree. Fortunately, Agba is bailed out by the Quaker's housekeeper, who is quite fond of him, and Sham is released from his cruel treatment at the inn. The housekeeper finds him a job with the Earl of Godolphin.
The Earl treats Sham as a workhorse, albeit kindly. The true celebrity in the Godolphin stables is the stallion Hobgoblin, whom Sham detests. Lady Roxana, a mate meant for Hobgoblin, arrives, and Sham successfully fights Hobgoblin for her. Lady Roxana enjoys Sham's company, but the Earl is embarrassed by the incident. He sentences Sham, Agba, and Grimalkin to life in Wicken Fen, and they depart.
Two years later, the Earl's Chief Groom comes to see Agba and reveals that Lady Roxana gave birth to Sham's son Lath, who was left alone and untrained due to his skinniness. Lath, however, one day jumped a fence and outran some of the colts that the Earl was training, proving his worth. 
The trio come back to Godolphin, and Sham is named the Godolphin Arabian. He has two more foals with Lady Roxana: Cade and Regulus. After the Earl reveals that he is near bankruptcy, they race Sham's sons in Newmarket. They win the races and the Queen's purse, and Agba contemplates his life with Sham.
As a footnote, it is revealed the Godolphin Arabian lived long and had many successful descendants. The Earl left his grave blank, and Agba returned to Morocco. After the Earl's death, the dates and name of the Godolphin Arabian are put on the grave, but time is slowly erasing the words. 
Reception.
Reviewed by the New York Times, http://select.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=F50C16F63E59157A93C6A8178AD95F4C8485F9&scp=5&sq=king%20of%20the%20wind&st=cse.

</doc>
<doc id="5870879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870879" title="Jordan High School (Long Beach, California)">
Jordan High School (Long Beach, California)

David Starr Jordan High School is a public high school in Long Beach, California. It is part of the Long Beach Unified School District.
Overview.
Jordan High School comprises two campuses. The main campus serves students from grades 10-12 and select 9th graders in special programs. The second campus, known as the Jordan Freshman Academy, was constructed in 2001 and serves the incoming 9th grade students. Referred to as "The Freshman Academy" or "Baby Jordan" by students, it is located at the site of the former Dominguez Mercy Hospital at 171 W. Bort Street, Long Beach, CA. Jordan Freshmen Academy then had its final year for the group of 2011-2012. Starting from late 2012, Jordan Freshmen Academy became known as, "J Plus[+] or Jordan Plus[+]". Jordan Plus became the campus available to failing students, or students with a low GPA.
Smaller Learning Communities.
Jordan is divided into smaller learning communities:
Athletics.
Jordan belongs in CIF-SS Div I.

</doc>
<doc id="5870880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870880" title="Flaming Gorge">
Flaming Gorge

Flaming Gorge can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870882" title="Walter Palmer (basketball)">
Walter Palmer (basketball)

Walter Scott Palmer (born October 23, 1968) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Utah Jazz in the 2nd round (33rd overall) of the 1990 NBA Draft. A 7'1" center from Dartmouth College, Palmer played two years in the NBA for the Jazz and Dallas Mavericks. In his NBA career, he appeared in a total of 48 games and averaged 2.1 points per game.
Palmer later played in basketball leagues in Europe and South America, before transitioning into union activism on behalf of professional athletes in Europe. He co-founded SP.IN, the first basketball players union in Germany, and served as its general secretary. He became general secretary of the UBE, the federation of European basketball player unions and then the general secretary of the European Elite Athletes Association (EU Athletes), which represents more than 25,000 athletes in a number of popular sports. He is currently the Head of Department for UNI Sport PRO, a global platform for athlete unions and a sector of UNI Global Union. 

</doc>
<doc id="5870885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870885" title="Stoners Reeking Havoc">
Stoners Reeking Havoc

Stoners Reeking Havoc is the Kottonmouth Kings' first EP-CD released on February 24, 1998. The tracks have been known to be such a great success that the Kottonmouth Kings have put tracks 1,3 and 4 on their next three upcoming albums. The album does not contain much information for it is simply an EP to show off the band's music with a few singles.

</doc>
<doc id="5870892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870892" title="Rabbit Hill">
Rabbit Hill

Rabbit Hill is a novel by Robert Lawson that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1945.
Plot introduction.
The story takes place in a place called Rabbit Hill, a country crossroads near Danbury, Connecticut. The animal inhabitants are suffering as the house nearby has been abandoned for several years and the untended gardens, the animals' source of food, have withered to nothing. Then "New Folks" move in to the house. Are the New Folks hunters, or friendly gardeners who will share their crops with the animals?
Literary significance and criticism.
Printings of the book beginning in the 1970s and continuing today have edited the character Sulphronia, the new occupants' cook. This was done because she was originally depicted as an African American stereotype.
Film and television.
"Little Georgie of Rabbit Hill" was a 1967 television adaptation for "NBC Children's Theatre".

</doc>
<doc id="5870894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870894" title="Shopzilla">
Shopzilla

Shopzilla operates a portfolio of shopping web sites, with greatest experience as a price comparison service. Founded in June 1996 by Farhad Mohit and Henri Asseily as Binary Compass Enterprises, the company changed its name to BizRate.com in January 1999. The company launched the website Shopzilla in November 2004, which then became the company name too.
The company's mission is to enable shoppers to find, compare and buy anything, sold by virtually anyone, anywhere. In September 2009, Shopzilla sites attracted over 19 million unique visitors in the U.S. according to comScore. Shopzilla also operates the BizRate.com consumer feedback network that collects millions of consumer reviews of stores and products each year.
In June 2005, Shopzilla was acquired by The E. W. Scripps Company for $525 million and was part of its interactive media division.
In June 2011, Scripps sold Shopzilla to strategic private equity Symphony Technology Group for $165M.
Shopzilla operates websites serving consumers and retailers in the U.S., UK, French and German markets.
Shopzilla is headquartered in West Los Angeles, CA.
Products and services.
Comparison Shopping, Merchant Ratings and Reviews.
Revenue Streams.
As for most comparison shopping services, the main revenue stream comes from selling leads to merchants, using the common model called Pay per click (PPC) which is also known as Cost Per Click (CPC).
Minimum CPC rates are set by Shopzilla primarily depending on the product categories, and secondarily based on time of the year. Over the past few years Shopzilla (as well as most of its competitors) has hiked up minimum CPC rates during the holidays shopping season.
On the Shopzilla merchant extranet, merchants can choose to raise (or lower down to the minimum) their CPC rates across the board, by category or by individual product. Shopzilla uses the CPC rate as one of many parameters to determine a merchant's ranking on a product result listing. Some of the other parameters include presence of a product picture, availability of the product and the merchant's Bizrate satisfaction ratings. As with Google and other search engines, Shopzilla regularly updates its sorting algorithm called ShopRank.
As such, a merchant can theoretically be more competitive in the Shopzilla rankings by doing any combination of increasing product information and stock, improving its satisfaction ratings or simply paying more per click.

</doc>
<doc id="5870895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870895" title="Film splicer">
Film splicer

A film splicer (also called a film joiner, usually in Europe) is a device which can be used to physically join together lengths of photographic film. It is mostly used in film motion pictures. The units are made in various types depending on the usage: Single-8, Super 8 film, 16mm, 9,5 mm,35mm and 70mm. Used in film editing to make a cut (transition).
Cement splicers.
Cement splicers join films together by using a chemical called film cement which is made of film base dissolved in a solvent. The Photographic emulsion is removed from the area to be joined and the base of the other end is brought into contact with it.
Film editors use a version with a very small overlaps at the top and bottom of the picture frame to edit film negatives, although units with a longer overlap are preferred for projection release prints.
These can only be used with acetate, triacetate and nitrate films. Polyester film, such as that used for currently produced prints, will not bond with standard film cement.
Tape splicers.
Here a piece of thin transparent adhesive tape is used to join the two ends. The tape may be pre-perforated for the film perforations, or the splicer may make perforations as the splice is made (this type of splicer is sometimes referred to as guillotine splicer).
Tape splicers can be used on most types of film. This is the most popular way to join polyester prints in theaters.
Ultrasonic splicers.
These splicers use an ultrasonic signal to melt the film together. They are generally used with polyester film, and are used in splicing microfilm as the splice will not break down over time as a tape splice might.
Thermal paper splicers.
Used in film processing labs to join film into large rolls before processing. These use a plastic coated tab to make the splice. The tab is heated and the plastic melts slightly, bonding to the film. The tabs are often printed with a number or bar code to identify the film after processing.
See also.
"Splicing" is sometimes used to describe the technique of compositing used in digital film-making which is used to combine visual elements such as actors onto a virtual background.

</doc>
<doc id="5870896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870896" title="Third Ward">
Third Ward

3rd Ward may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870897" title="Autopsy (TV series)">
Autopsy (TV series)

Autopsy is a television series of HBO's "America Undercover" documentary series. Dr. Michael Baden, a real-life forensic pathologist, is the primary analyst, and has been personally involved in many of the cases that are reviewed.

</doc>
<doc id="5870905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870905" title="Adam of the Road">
Adam of the Road

Adam of the Road is a novel by Elizabeth Janet Gray. Gray won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1943 from the book. Set in thirteenth-century England, the book follows the adventures of a young boy, Adam. After losing his spaniel and minstrel father, Adam embarks on a series of escapades throughout medieval England. Readers are given an accurate portrayal of medieval culture and society. The book is illustrated by Robert Lawson.
Story.
Adam is an eleven-year-old who wants to become like his father, Roger, and to do so he tries to be the best minstrel in England. Beginning of the story, Adam and his friend Perkin are in St. Al to the roadside to find Roger who is coming back from his long journey as a knight's minstrel. Roger tells Adam that he is going to London to follow in the knight's train. Adam is allowed to come, but he must hurry because the knight leaves the next day. While on the road, Adam meets Margery, the daughter of the knight, in a beautiful carriage. Soon after, following a night of feasting and partying, Roger tells Adam he lost his warhorse, Bayard, in a bet with another minstrel.
One night, while Roger and Adam are sleeping, Jankin steals Nick. Adam worries that Jankin will mistreat Nick. When Adam and Roger discover Nick is gone, they chase Jankin across England. When Adam sees Jankin in a crowded marketplace, he pursues him and is separated from Roger. Adam makes friends and eventually finds Nick with Perkin. Roger, Adam and Nick are eventually reunited in Oxford. Adam is offered a place at Oxford college, but decides to be a minstrel, like his father.
Background.
While in England researching her biography "Penn", Gray explored the Chiltern Hills. There she "found the inspiration that she later tapped" for "Adam of the Road". Originally intending to write a collection of minstrel stories, "she became so captivated by the thought of the minstrels themselves that she cast aside her first inclination all together", and "Adam of the Road" resulted instead.
Critical reception.
"Adam of the Road" received the 1943 Newbery Award for "the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children." At the time "Kirkus Reviews" gave it a starred review for books of "remarkable merit", saying that Gray "writes so much better than most authors of juveniles (or for that matter most authors) that it is a delight to find a subject which is particularly suited to her pen... A good yarn, well told." "The Saturday Review" cited "adventures on the great high-roads and in the big country fairs and market towns", adding that the "swiftly-paced story makes history... fun".
Gray's careful handling of history continues to receive praise from reviewers. Children's literature expert May Hill Arbuthnot calls the author "a careful historian... her tales have all the authentic minutiae of everyday life long ago". According to "20th Century Children's Writers", Adam is "not so much a young boy of the period... but... a means for interpreting the historical period." "Children's Literature" journal called the book "engaging and beautifully written", saying that "although over sixty years old, Gray's story... remains one that today's reader can relate to".

</doc>
<doc id="5870906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870906" title="5th Ward">
5th Ward

5th Ward may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870914" title="Daniel Boone (book)">
Daniel Boone (book)

Daniel Boone is a book by James Daugherty about the famous pioneer. It won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1940. It deals with the life, death, and legacy of Daniel Boone.

</doc>
<doc id="5870916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870916" title="Cardale">
Cardale

Cardale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870922" title="Splicer">
Splicer

Splicer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5870930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870930" title="The White Stag">
The White Stag

The White Stag is a children's book, written and illustrated by Kate Seredy. It won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature and received the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award. "The White Stag" is a mythical retelling that follows the warrior bands of Huns and Magyars across Asia and into Europe, including the life of Attila the Hun.
Plot synopsis.
"The White Stag" opens after the fall of the Biblical Tower of Babel. Nimrod is waiting for his two sons, Hunor and Magyar, to return. They rode away after a mysterious white stag that appeared seven months ago. Afraid they will never return and his people will be left leaderless, the old man offers a sacrifice to their god, Hadur—his war horse. Immediately his sons return with meat for the hungry people. As they tell the story of their chase of the white stag, Nimrod realizes it is now time for them to take over leading their people, and he throws himself on the altar.
Now Hunor and Magyar lead the people in a search for their promised land, following the white stag they can never catch. Later they meet and marry the Moonmaidens, and live contentedly for fifteen years. Eventually the game deserts them, and the people move on. "Like a sharp wedge they had driven themselves into Europe and now they were surrounded by enemies; they had to go on or perish." This time they have to fight many groups who live in the lands they travel through, and the people begin to quarrel. Hunor is strong and hard, while Magyar is quieter and more learned. Though both brothers still lead, the people are becoming divided and now identify themselves as Huns or Magyars, depending on which brother they most respect. Magyar wants to find a less populated land, but Hunor leads them into more fighting.
Finally the two groups split. The Magyars stay behind and Hunor's son, Bendeguz, and grandson, Atilla, lead the Huns west. When they find themselves at a dead-end during a blinding snow storm, the White Stag appears to show them a path through the mountains to their promised land, modern-day Hungary.
Background.
Kate Seredy was born in Hungary and came to the United States at the age of twenty-three. She had previously published two children's books here. Her first, "The Good Master", was based in her homeland, and received the Newbery Honor award. Seredy's second book, "Listening", was set in rural New York where she lived in at the time. Hungary again became the inspiration for "The White Stag". Originally conceived after Seredy read a book on Hungarian history for children and found it dry, she says in the "Forward" that she wrote the book for "Those who want to hear the voice of pagan gods in wind and thunder, who want to see fairies dance in the moonlight, who can believe that faith can move mountains, can follow the thread on the pages of this book.  It is a fragile thread; it cannot bear the weight of facts and dates." Based on her father's favorite folktale about the founding of that country, "The White Stag" was written in just three weeks.
Critical reception.
"Kirkus Reviews" gave "the White Stag" a starred review "for books of remarkable merit", saying, "Kate Seredy has a magic sense of story, a manner of telling that seems instinctive of the content, and her illustrations are perfect interpretation of the text." According to the "Fresno Literature Examiner", Seredy "had a significant impact on children's literature". It went on to call the book "A beautiful collection of mystical black-and-white illustrations and handcrafted fantasy… "The White Stag" is a poignant combination of myths, history, and legends." In 1959 "The White Stag" received the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award.
Despite the fact that "The White Stag" was a Newbery Medal winner and "The Good Master" was named an Honor book, a number of reviewers consider "The Good Master" to be Seredy's best book, preferring it over "The White Stag". Reviewer Anita Silvey explains this by saying "Powerful, poetic prose and stunning illustrations combine to make (The White Stag) one of Seredy's best, although it lacks the child appeal of her other work."

</doc>
<doc id="5870932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870932" title="Dippoldiswalde">
Dippoldiswalde

Dippoldiswalde (Saxon: "Dipps") is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, administrative center of the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district. It is situated 23 km east of Freiberg, and 18 km south of Dresden.
The town is situated on the Weisseritz railway, a narrow gauge railway powered by steam locomotives.

</doc>
<doc id="5870941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870941" title="Roller Skates">
Roller Skates

Roller Skates is a book by Ruth Sawyer that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1937. It is a fictionalized account of one year of Sawyer's life.
Plot summary.
"Roller Skates" opens with the narrator remembering back to a special year in the 1890s, when young Lucinda Wyman arrives at the Misses Peters' home in New York City; the two ladies will care for her during the year of Lucinda's parents' trip to Italy. The narrator's diaries help her remember the details of 10-year-old Lucinda's "orphanage," as she calls it. Miss Peters, a teacher, is "a person of great understanding, no nonsense, and no interference." Miss Nettie is shy and soft-hearted. Living with them Lucinda experiences unprecedented freedom, exploring the city on roller skates and making friends with all types of people. 
Lucinda quickly gets to know Mr. Gilligan the hansom cab driver and Patrolman M'Gonegal. The first friend of her own age is Tony Coppino, son of an Italian fruit stand owner. Lucinda enlists Officer M'Gonegal to stop the bullies who knock down Tony's father's fruit-stand and steal the fruit. In return Tony takes her for a city picnic where they meet a rag-and-bone man. Later Lucinda reads Shakespeare with her favorite uncle and is inspired to put on a puppet production of "The Tempest". 
But the cold and snow of winter keep her cooped up indoors, and eventually a restless Lucinda acts out—and gets sent home from school in disgrace. Later her uncle introduces her to Shakespeare's tragedies, and she experiences her own when two of her friends die. With Lucinda's parents coming back from Italy she realizes everything is changing. So she skates to the park one last time. "How would you like to stay always ten?" she muses. "That's what I'd call a perfectly elegant idea!"
Background.
Sawyer's family was well-to-do, and she was raised by older parents who insisted she adhere to strict rules and routines. When she was ten they traveled to Europe for the summer, leaving her with her Irish nanny and the extended family. For the first time she was allowed the freedom she longed for to explore New York City. As she said in her Newbery acceptance speech, "A free child is a happy child; and there is nothing more lovely; even a disagreeable child ceases to be disagreeable and is liked". Sawyer drew on her experiences that year when she wrote "Roller Skates".
Critical reception.
"Roller Skates" dealt with issues that were unusual for the times, including the death of two of Lucinda's friends. According to the "Dictionary of Literary Biography" "juvenile literature at this time generally did not contain some of the events and behavior which occurred as natural processes in Lucinda's experiences." These experiences include "her lack of 'proper' supervision, her strange assortment of friends, and her encounter with death". Critical reaction to the book was positive. "Kirkus Reviews" gave it a starred review "for books of remarkable merit", calling it "One of the most delightful books of the year -- a vivid, lovable story". "Roller Skates" received the Newbery Award for 1937, for "the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children".

</doc>
<doc id="5870942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870942" title="Forget about Tomorrow">
Forget about Tomorrow

"Forget about Tomorrow" was the third single to be taken from Feeder's 2002 album "Comfort in Sound".
The single charted at number 12 in the UK. It became the second biggest hit off the album, and was seen as one of the tracks on the album to get a definite single release due to having its lyrics quoted in the albums booklet, while also being only one of four tracks from the album to do so, although there would later be five singles from the album with "Find the Colour" the fourth and the title track the fifth. The lyrics for the former were not quoted. 
The track was played for only the first time since 2005 at The Coronet in November 2006. Before 2006 it was a setlist regular, but prior to the Coronet gig, it appeared to be retired from their live sets on a permanent basis making the 2006 return unexpected. Although it has not been played live since then, Grant Nicholas has not ruled out any return.
The song and video appeared in the mid-300s on VH2's "Indie 500" rundown of 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5870945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870945" title="Barbara W. Snelling">
Barbara W. Snelling

Barbara Weil Snelling (born March 22, 1928) was elected the 76th Lieutenant Governor of Vermont in 1992 and served two terms (1993-1997), suffering a cerebral hemorrhage in 1996 while campaigning for governor. She was elected to the Vermont State Senate in 1998, where she served until she retired in 2002.
She served as chair of the Shelburne School Board; as Founding Chair of Champlain Valley Union High School Board. She was member of the State Board of Education; President of the Vermont State School Boards Association; Vermont Commission on Alcohol and Drug Rehabilitation; Chair of the Chittenden County United Way. She was a founding trustee of the Vermont Community Foundation; a trustee of Champlain College and Radcliffe College. She was a trustee of the Shelburne Museum.
She was Vice President of the University of Vermont and later was President of Snelling and Kolb, a national fundraising consulting firm focused of development work for educational institutions.
She is the widow of Richard Snelling, a long-serving governor of Vermont, and mother of Diane B. Snelling, who currently holds her former seat in the State Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="5870949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870949" title="No Sleep till Brooklyn">
No Sleep till Brooklyn

"No Sleep till Brooklyn" is a song by Beastie Boys as well as the sixth single on their debut studio album "Licensed to Ill".
Production and play.
The guitar riffs and solo are played by Kerry King, guitarist for Slayer, who had also released an album produced by Rick Rubin in 1986 ("Reign in Blood"). The song interprets "T.N.T." by AC/DC (though tuned in a different way). The video, directed by Ric Menello, is a parody of glam metal.
Later in their career, Beastie Boys continued to perform the song live, although with altered lyrics to reflect their more mature attitude towards women. "M.C.A.'s in the back because he's skeezin' with a whore," is changed to "M.C.A.'s in the back with the mahjong board", and also from "Autographed pictures and classy hoes" to "Autographed pictures to nobody knows."
The song features one of many homages to New York City's boroughs, and has been described as "joyful ranting."
Music video.
The music video for ""No Sleep till Brooklyn"" was co-directed by Ric Menello and Adam Dubin. Menello and Dubin also directed the video for the Beastie Boys' preceding single, ""(You Gotta) Fight for Your Right (To Party!)"". Kerry King, who plays guitar on this track, also appears in the video.

</doc>
<doc id="5870952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870952" title="Boris Sobinov">
Boris Sobinov

Boris Leonidovich Sobinov (, 1895, Moscow – 1956, Klin) was a Russian composer and a son of Leonid Sobinov, Russia's leading lyric tenor during the first quarter of the 20th Century.
Boris was the first child born to Maria Karzhavina, a dramatic actress and Leonid Sobinov, a famous opera singer, who had met as schoolmates at the Philharmonic Society. Though their union dissolved after only a few years, Leonid remained an active and loving presence in the lives of Boris and younger brother Yuri (1897-1920).
Boris received a military education while obtaining musical training. His younger brother Yuri (1897–1920) was a visual artist and painted the pictured oil portrait of Boris at the piano (1910).
Both brothers served in the tsarist army, and then in the White Army in the Civil War. Yuri was killed near Melitopol. Boris, along with army baron Pyotr Wrangel, managed to escape to Germany. He later graduated from Berlin's High Art School, where he later taught. Throughout his professorial years he continued to compose his own works.
Leonid and Boris reunited as Leonid toured Berlin. In 1931 Boris settled in Riga, where Leonid spent much of a one year sabbatical with his son, second wife Nina Mukina and daughter Svetlana. Eventually father and son toured Europe together, giving concerts in Finland, Estonia, Poland, the Balkans, Germany, and France. Preserved programs of these concerts are on display in Russia's Yaroslavl museum.
In 1945, when the Soviet troops entered into Berlin, Boris Leonidovich greeted victory with enthusiasm. At that time he lived in the American zone of Berlin and was invited to give a concert for Russian troops. But instead he was abducted by the NKVD, brought to the airport, and sent to Minsk. He was convicted and spent 10 years in the prisons and labour camps of the GULAG. He was rehabilitated in 1955, but with a "wolf ticket" that means an internal exile without the right to settle closer than 100 km from large urban centers.
During the last year of his life he lived in Klin at the Tchaikovsky's House-Museum, where Yuri Lvovich Davydov (the nephew of Pyotr Tchaikovsky) and his daughters Irina and Xenia gave him a refuge. Boris occasionally secretly visited the house of his father in Moscow and his dacha in Peredelkino. Boris Sobinov died in 1956 of cancer.
Quotations.
"In 1945 Boris Sobinov was stolen from Berlin American Zone by the NKVD and was condemned to 10 years imprisonment in the USSR. He was liberated in 1955 and died in 1956. The Memorial Museum keeps his comb, spectacles and spectacle case. Nina and Svetlana Sobinov donated his musical scores, which were composed in Germany between 1920 and 1930. This music is unknown to the Russian musical scene because his works haven't been performed here yet. The time when this will happen is still approaching. The name of Boris Sobinov is another name of a talented composer whose music should be opened to people. His music was performed in Finland, Poland, France, and Germany where the musical scores and other documents could survive." ("quoted from The Memorial Museum's website")
"Once in the early spring of 1955 on the Klin streets there was noted Boris Leonidovich Sobinov, the son of great tenor. It was not only the memory of Tchaikovsky that led him to Klin. Boris Sobinov intended to hire an apartment and live some time in Klin after release from the prisons, in the expectation of total rehabilitation. Klin housewives recalled with regret that he didn’t find a suitable apartment. Most likely, the vigilant organs of state security (KGB) did not permit him to settle in Klin. Klin nevertheless is not just 101st kilometre." ("Anatoly Khomyakov")

</doc>
<doc id="5870954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870954" title="Virginia Heinlein">
Virginia Heinlein

Virginia "Ginny" Heinlein (April 22, 1916 – January 18, 2003), born Virginia Doris Gerstenfeld, was a chemist, biochemist, engineer, and the third wife of Robert A. Heinlein, a prominent and successful author once known as one of the "Big Three" of science fiction (along with Isaac Asimov and Arthur C. Clarke).
Born to George and Jeanne Gerstenfeld, Virginia was raised in Brooklyn and had one brother, Leon. She was red-haired, an organic chemist and biochemist, and served as an inspiration for many of the active and talented red-haired women in Heinlein's stories. She met Robert when they both worked at the Naval Air Experimental Station in Philadelphia when she was a lieutenant in the WAVES in the U.S. Navy in World War II. She moved to Los Angeles in 1946 to take an advanced degree, where Heinlein had already relocated after the war. They married on October 21, 1948 in Raton, New Mexico. Shortly thereafter they moved to Colorado, but in 1965 her health was chronically affected by the altitude, so the couple moved to Bonny Doon, California.
Prior to a trip to the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (where they happened to be when Francis Gary Powers was shot down in his U-2 spyplane), Virginia learned to speak Russian, which proved invaluable in talking with local citizens.
Virginia Heinlein was highly esteemed among her husband's fans for her exceptional willingness to correspond with them and/or to otherwise acknowledge them. This continued until her last days, with activity in a Usenet newsgroup devoted to Heinlein fans. She was very touched when other users sent her Mother's Day greetings, an homage to her bestowing the title of "Heinlein's Children" on Robert's fans worldwide.
After Robert's death in 1988, she moved from California to Florida. She edited a collection of his letters and writings which was published in 1989 as "Grumbles from the Grave". She authorised the publication of "Tramp Royale" and longer editions of the previously published works "Stranger in a Strange Land", "The Puppet Masters", and "Red Planet". She established a literary society in her husband's name, the Heinlein Society.

</doc>
<doc id="5870967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870967" title="Gordon-Smith Guitars">
Gordon-Smith Guitars

Gordon-Smith Guitars is a manufacturer of hand-crafted electric guitars based in Partington near Manchester, England. They are the UK's longest-established electric guitar manufacturer and have been called the English equivalent to Gibson on that basis.
The company was founded in 1979 by Gordon Whitham and John Smith who combined parts of their names for the company name. Only the Smith part of the partnership remains now, assisted by his wife Linda. 
The company aims to produce quality guitars for working musicians and say that they make 'guitars, not furniture'.
Gordon-Smith Guitars are among the highest-rated manufacturers, according to the Ethical Consumer's table for use of sustainable woods in guitar construction.
Range.
The Gordon-Smith range includes models clearly inspired by classic guitars such as the Gibson Les Paul Junior, Gibson Les Paul, Gibson Flying V, Gibson Explorer, Fender Stratocaster and Fender Telecaster. The company also produces original designs such as the Galaxy. All models currently use a brass nut, compared to the plastic nut used by many other manufacturers.
The company offers many options for customising guitars, including a choice of hardware and finishes, single- or double-cutaway and left- or right-handed guitars. Twelve-string and double-necked versions of the range are also available.
Gordon-Smith produce their own pickups in-house.
Their humbucker pickups are coil-tapped as standard to give players access to a broader palette of sounds.
Players.
Mike Smith (Warrington Cheshire)uses GS GTRS 
The company does not offer any celebrity endorsements. Guitarists known to have used Gordon-Smith guitars include:

</doc>
<doc id="5870968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870968" title="Fryderyk Józef Moszyński">
Fryderyk Józef Moszyński

Fryderyk Józef Jan Kanty Moszyński (1738 in Dresden – 21 January 1817 in Kiev) of Nałęcz Coat of Arms was a noble ("szlachcic") in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. He held the offices of Referendary of Lithuania, Great Secretary of Lithuania and Great Marshal of the Crown.
A grandson of former king of Poland, August II the Strong, he was educated in Saxony. From 1766-1768 he was the member of Crown Treasury Commission, and from 1768 a vice-commander of the Cadet Corps, a function he performed well, even donating some of his funds to the Szkoła Rycerska. However in 1792 he joined the Targowica Confederation, whose actions resulted in the fall of the Constitution of May 3 and the Second Partition of Poland. In 1793 he was a member of commission investigating a banking crisis in the Commonwealth, and the member of the Permanent Council in charge of police. In the aftermath of the Warsaw Uprising during the Kościuszko Uprising, he was imprisoned by the Polish revolutionaries. On 28 June 1794 angry mob stormed the prison with the intention of hanging many of the people considered traitors, Moszyński was saved by the intervention of Ignacy Wyssogota Zakrzewski, although many others - like bishop Ignacy Jakub Massalski or prince Antoni Stanisław Czetwertyński-Światopełk - were hanged that day.

</doc>
<doc id="5870971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870971" title="George F. Brumm">
George F. Brumm

George Franklin Brumm (January 24, 1880 – May 29, 1934) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
George F. Brumm was born in Minersville, Pennsylvania. His father was Congressman Charles N. Brumm. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1901, and from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1907. He served in the Pennsylvania Engineers on the Mexican border in 1916. He was the election commissioner for Texas in 1918 to take the vote of servicemen at cantonments, and an attorney for the conscription board during World War I. He was an unsuccessful Republican candidate for the nomination to Congress in 1918 and 1920.
Brumm was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-eighth and to the succeeding Congress. He served as chairman of the United States House Committee on Expenditures in the Department of the Navy during the Sixty-ninth Congress. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1926. He was again elected to the Seventy-first and to the two succeeding Congresses. He died in office in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was buried in Charles Baber Cemetery in Pottsville, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5870972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870972" title="Molly on the Shore">
Molly on the Shore

<score>
\new Score {
</score>
Molly on the Shore is a composition of Percy Aldridge Grainger. It is an arrangement of two contrasting Irish reels, "Temple Hill" and "Molly on the Shore" that present the melodies in a variety of textures and orchestrations, giving each section of the band long stretches of thematic and countermelodic material.
"Molly on the Shore" was written in 1907 by Grainger as a birthday gift for his mother.
Originally composed for string quartet or string orchestra, this piece was arranged in 1920 for wind band by the composer, as well as for orchestra. Fritz Kreisler set it for violin and piano, but Grainger was thoroughly unimpressed, saying that 
In a letter to Frederick Fennell (who would later go on to create the definitive full score edition of Grainger's Lincolnshire Posy), Grainger says that 
"in setting Molly on the Shore, I strove to imbue the accompanying parts that made up the harmonic texture with a melodic character not too unlike that of the underlying reel tune. Melody seems to me to provide music with initiative, wheras {sic} rhythm appears to me to exert an enslaving influence. For that reason I have tried to avoid regular rhythmic domination in my music - always excepting irregular rhythms, such as those of Gregorian Chant, which seem to me to make for freedom. Equally with melody, I prize discordant harmony, because of the emotional and compassionate sway it exerts".
"Molly on the Shore" mostly features the woodwind section of the band, especially the clarinets and saxophones. The opening 1st clarinet solo is a common audition excerpt.

</doc>
<doc id="5870976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870976" title="Invincible Louisa">
Invincible Louisa

Invincible Louisa is a biography by Cornelia Meigs that won the Newbery Medal and the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award. It retells the life of Louisa May Alcott, author of "Little Women".
Plot.
"Invincible Louisa", subtitled ""The Story of the Author of Little Women"", opens with Louisa Alcott's birth on a snowy November day in Germantown, Pennsylvania. Her father, Bronson Alcott, ran a school for young children in their home. "It was a time of great happiness, peace, and security... Happiness was to continue... but peace and security were not to come again for a very long time". So Meigs introduces her reader to Alcott's life. Her father, Bronson, is portrayed as brilliant but impractical, unable to support his family as a man of the times was expected to. 
The book follows the Alcott family to Boston and Concord, as Bronson Alcott seeks places that understand his unusual views on education and transcendentalism. Louisa proves to be an active child, getting into trouble and causing her mother, Abba, some anxiety. When she is ten the family moves again to Fruitlands, the transcendentalist community Alcott helps found. By now there are four girls in the family. Meigs portrays Bronson Alcott and the oldest daughter, Anna, as being fully committed to the ideals of this new life, but says that Louisa and her mother understand how much hard work would be necessary for a communal farm to succeed. The contrast between idealistic and practical is shown when Bronson and the only other adult leave the area for a conference just as the barley is being harvested. An approaching storm has Abba and the children bringing in the grain alone. In less than a year Fruitlands failed, and the family moved several more times.
"Invincible Louisa" tells of the Alcotts' friendship with Ralph Waldo Emerson, and recounts some of the events Louisa later used in "Little Women", including meetings of the Pickwick Club and the death of one of Louisa's younger sisters, Elizabeth. Louisa later leaves the family to earn her own way writing and teaching. During the Civil War she travels to Washington, DC to nurse soldiers. The book concludes with Louisa writing "Little Women" and the two books that followed, "Little Men" and "Jo's Boys". The success of these books, according to Meigs, gives Louisa her own "happy ending... the whole of what she had wanted from life -- just to take care of them all." 
"Invincible Louisa" ends with a five page chronology of Louisa May Alcott's life.
Critical reception.
"Children's Literature" calls "Invincible Louisa" a "graceful, well-written account"... Besides presenting the facts of her life, the author weaves in many evocative descriptions of Louisa's environment and feelings, thus creating a biography that seems more interesting and appealing than a more factual, unadorned work." "Kirkus Reviews" called Meigs "one of the best-loved authors of fiction for boys and girls." It went on to praise "the new biography, which makes Joe(sic) live again in the courageous, gallant girlhood of this favorite of American story tellers."
"Invincible Louisa" received the Newbery Medal for "the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children" in 1934. It was awarded the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="5870982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870982" title="List of university and college mergers in the United States">
List of university and college mergers in the United States

This is a list of mergers of universities and/or colleges in the United States with the name of the surviving institution, predecessors, and effective date.

</doc>
<doc id="5870988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870988" title="Duane Cooper">
Duane Cooper

Samuel Duane Cooper (born June 25, 1969) is an American former professional basketball player.
College career.
Born in Benton Harbor, Michigan, Cooper graduated from the University of Southern California.
Pro career.
Cooper was selected by the Los Angeles Lakers in the 2nd round (36th overall) of the 1992 NBA Draft. A 6'1" guard, Cooper played two years in the NBA for the Lakers and Phoenix Suns. In his NBA career, Cooper appeared in a total of 88 games and averaged 2.3 ppg. He also played in pre-season games (but not in any regular season games) for Charlotte Hornets (1995) and Toronto Raptors (1996).

</doc>
<doc id="5870991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5870991" title="Young Fu of the Upper Yangtze">
Young Fu of the Upper Yangtze

Young Fu of the Upper Yangtze is a book by Elizabeth Foreman Lewis that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1933. The story revolves around Fu Yuin-fah, the son of a widow from the countryside of western China, who wishes to become a coppersmith in the big city on the Yangtze River, Chungking (now spelled Chongqing). With the help of many people, including an old scholar and a white missionary, his goal is eventually attained. Perhaps because of its colonial overtones, this book has fallen out of favor on recommendation lists.
Plot summary.
As the book opens, the widowed Fu Be-be arrives in Chungking with her 13-year-old son Yuin-fah and a letter from a village friend to Tang Yu-shu, a master coppersmith, asking that Young Fu be given an apprenticeship in Tang's establishment. Because the widow is alone and Young Fu is her only son, he is allowed to complete his apprenticeship while living in a small rented room with her, rather than living in the shop, a plot device which allows us to see more of the city than might otherwise be the case.
In the chapters that follow, Young Fu goes from being a young and somewhat arrogant boy of 13 to a more capable and humble youth of 18. Along the way, he has encounters with soldiers, foreigners, thieves, political activists, an old scholar, the poor of the city, the rich of the city, and government officials. He is alternately swindled, attacked by bandits, reviled and praised as his coppersmith skills grow.
Structure and Theme.
The book is highly episodic, almost like a series of short stories. Like many novels for children, it is a Bildungsroman — the episodes are like stepping stones in the development of the main character.
Portrayal of Chinese life.
Young Fu of the Upper Yangtze touches on any number of historical and cultural aspects of China. It takes place in Chungking, at that time the largest city in Szechuan (Sichuan) province, and one of the largest cities in China. (In modern times, Chongqing is its own political entity and not part of Sichuan.)
The historical period depicted, the 1920s, was a turbulent period in China, a time of technological and political change, which are all touched on to varying degrees. Indeed, one who knows Chinese history can find starting points for many discussions, including the opening of city walls, the rise of modern machinery, modern technology and modern medicine, the warlords (known as Tuchun — pronounced "doojün"), the western gun boats, opium and the First and Second Opium War, Sun Yat-sen, the Chinese Nationalist and Chinese Communist forces, the influence of Western foreigners, etc. Since this is a book for children, historical events are mainly just touched on, rather than described in detail, so as not to slow down the plot.
Similarly, one who knows China can find starting points for many discussions about Chinese culture of the time. Points touched on include: The use of "Young" and "Old" in names and how names are formed, the nature and role of Written Chinese, the social status of the scholar, Buddhism and the veneration of Guanyin, many common Chinese words and phrases (sometimes presented in English translation), the often-Four-character Chinese proverbs, traditional social roles of men and women, New Year and Spring Festival, the prejudice of city folk towards country folk, traditional clothing (including silk), the queue (hairstyle) and foot binding, the social status of soldiers, the role of artisan guilds and other guilds, sedan chairs, weddings and the role of women, story tellers, the role of shame (vs. guilt), the abacus, veneration of ancestors, the traditional humility in interpersonal relationships, the tea house, the coolie, the construction of houses and tenements, traditional medicine, the use of chopsticks and rice in meals, gambling games, bargaining, thriftiness, the kitchen god, the use of animals to name points in time, etc.
Author's Point of View.
In terms of plot, the story is told through the eyes of Young Fu. However, in terms of the overall conception, the story is told from a Western point of view, which should be no surprise, as the author is a Westerner who herself lived in China and knows the country from first-hand experience. One can see the author's point of view in that the featured Westerner characters tend to be sympathetic, whereas unsympathetic Western characters or influences are merely mentioned or alluded to. However, Westerners are depicted only sporadically in the book, and by the middle of the book they have all evacuated the city, having flown to the gunboats on the Yangtze to avoid the general chaos of the warring Tuchuns.
The main character has a rather Western taste for progress and invention.
The author also appears to harbor a sympathy towards the Nationalist government vs. social/land reformers such as the Communists (however, one sees this sympathy only if one knows what to look for — a child might not notice it). Again, considering who the author is, this should be no surprise. This point of view does not detract from the plot of the book, and in fact can be the seed of discussions about author bias with students old enough to understand what that means. 

</doc>
<doc id="5871004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871004" title="The Cat Who Went to Heaven">
The Cat Who Went to Heaven

The Cat Who Went to Heaven is a 1930 novel by Elizabeth Coatsworth that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1931. The story is set in ancient Japan, and is about a penniless artist and a calico cat his housekeeper brings home.
The storyline is supposedly based on an old Buddhist folk tale, and includes, as asides, a short telling of the Buddha's life, and brief accounts of some of the Buddha's previous lifetimes as animals, as in the Jataka tales.
At the end of each of the eight chapters is one of the housekeeper's songs, her insightful commentary on what is happening.
The story.
A impoverished Japanese painter sends his housekeeper out with a few small coins to buy food. Instead, she brings home a cat from the dock, stating that the house is "lonely". The painter is initially very unhappy with this choice, as he is hungry. He remarks that he can't even remember what rice cakes taste like, and states that cats are devils. However, he is somewhat consoled when he notices that the cat's white coat actually has three colors, which is considered lucky.
The unusually good behaviour of the cat causes the painter to feel more affectionate, and he names the animal "Good Fortune". At breakfast, the painter notices that the cat appears to be paying homage to the image of the Buddha, and he comments on his own lack of prayer because of the hard times he has lived through. Soon after, he notices the hungry cat catch, and then gently release, a small bird. The cat behaves very well, even removing itself from the room when it cannot be useful, and following proper social behaviour.
Almost completely destitute, the painter is given a commission by the monks at the local temple. They hired him because of a divination; they had put slips of paper with various artists names out in the courtyard, and his was the one left after the others had blown away. The artist has to paint a picture of the dying Buddha, surrounded by animals who came to pay homage to him. The artist is given a large sum of money as a first payment, to "put his mind at ease".
As the artist progresses with the painting, he meditates on the life of the Buddha and the Buddha's previous lives, in order to be able to paint each part of the scene sincerely.
Towards the end of the painting process, and after painting many other animals, the painter realizes that his cat, who he now sees as a truly noble being, cannot be represented in the painting. The story says that the traditional belief in his time was that cats are supposedly cursed, because of their pride and sense of superiority, which apparently caused them to refuse to bow before the Buddha in his lifetime, and that this therefore means they are barred from achieving Nirvana. Consequently, the prevailing thought is that no cat may go to Heaven.
When the picture is completed, Good Fortune seems to notice and sadly protests the lack of any cat in the painting. Deeply touched by her grief, the artist finally paints a small white cat at the back in the corner, aware however that this may displease the monks. Upon seeing that the artist has done this, Good Fortune dies of joy. By her grave is a peach tree with a bell hanging on it; the housekeeper sings that she can hear the bell singing " Rejoice!"
The painting is finally delivered, and is greatly praised by the monks until they notice the presence of a cat, at which point they reject it completely. The painter is in disgrace. But the evening brings the news of a miracle. The painter arrives to find the picture being adored in the temple: the image has miraculously changed, and the dying Buddha now extends his hand in blessing over the white cat sitting right next to him.

</doc>
<doc id="5871010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871010" title="Sandwich generation">
Sandwich generation

The Sandwich generation is a generation of people who care for their aging parents while supporting their own children.
According to the Pew Research Center, just over 1 of every 8 Americans aged 40 to 60 is both raising a child and caring for a parent, in addition to between 7 to 10 million adults caring for their aging parents from a long distance. US Census Bureau statistics indicate that the number of older Americans aged 65 or older will double by the year 2030, to over 70 million.
Carol Abaya categorized the different scenarios involved in being a part of the sandwich generation. 
Merriam-Webster officially added the term to its dictionary in July 2006.
The term "sandwich generation" was coined by Dorothy A Miller in 1981. 

</doc>
<doc id="5871011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871011" title="Hiero (Xenophon)">
Hiero (Xenophon)

Hiero (Greek: Ἱέρων, "Hiéron") is a minor work by Xenophon, set as a dialogue between Hiero, tyrant of Syracuse, and the lyric poet Simonides about 474 BC. In it Xenophon argues that a tyrant does not have any more access to happiness than a private person.
The dialogue—like many of Xenophon's works—does not receive much scholarly attention today. However, it was the nominal subject of Leo Strauss' analysis "On Tyranny", which initiated his famous dialogue with Alexandre Kojève on the role of philosophy in politics.

</doc>
<doc id="5871015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871015" title="Gay Neck, the Story of a Pigeon">
Gay Neck, the Story of a Pigeon

Gay Neck, the Story of a Pigeon is a 1928 children's novel by Dhan Gopal Mukerji that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1928. It deals with the life of Gay Neck, a prized Indian pigeon. Mukerji wrote that "the message implicit in the book is that man and winged animals are brothers." He stated that much of the book is based on his boyhood experiences with a flock of forty pigeons and their leader, as the boy in the book is Mukerji himself. He did have to draw from the experiences of others for some parts of the book, such as those who trained messenger pigeons in the war. The book offers an insight into the life of a boy of high caste during the early nineteen hundreds and also into the training of pigeons. Several chapters are told from Gay-Neck's perspective, with the pigeon speaking in first person. Elizabeth Seeger writes in a biographical note about Mukerji that, "Gay-Neck was written in Brittany, where every afternoon he read to the children gathered about him on the beach the chapter he had written in the morning." In an article in the children’s literature journal "The Lion and the Unicorn", Meena G. Khorana calls the novel one of the few children’s novels from Western or Indian authors to explore the Himalayas in a meaningful way (rather than simply using them as a setting), and notes the way Mukerji recalls their “grandeur and spiritual power”.
Plot.
Gay-Neck, or ‘’Chitra-Griva’’, is born to a young owner in India. Gay-Neck’s parents teach him how to fly, but he soon loses his father in a storm and his mother to a hawk. His master and Ghond the hunter take him out into the wilderness, but he becomes so scared by the hawks that he flees and ends up in a lamasery where the Buddhist monks are able to cure him of his fear. When his young master returns home he finds Gay-neck waiting for him. But Gay-Neck decides to go on other long journeys, much to the boy’s consternation. Then, during World War I, Gay-Neck and Ghond end up journeying to Europe where Gay-Neck serves as a messenger pigeon. He is chased by German machine-eagles (planes) and is severely traumatized when one of his fellow messenger pigeons is shot down. Gay-neck and Ghond barely survive, and Gay-Neck is unable to fly. Ghond, Gay-Neck, and his master return to the lamasery near Singalila, where Ghond and Gay-Neck need to be cleansed of the hate and fear of the war. After that, Ghond succeeds in hunting down a buffalo that killed a villager, but feels remorse for having to kill the buffalo. Gay-Neck disappears once more, but when the other two return home, they find, to their joy, that Gay-Neck had already flown there ahead of them.

</doc>
<doc id="5871016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871016" title="Mega Man X">
Mega Man X

Mega Man X, known in Japan as , is a "Mega Man" series released by Capcom. It debuted December 17, 1993 in Japan (January 1994 in North America) on the Super NES/Super Famicom and spawned sequels on several systems, most of which were later ported to the PC platform. The plot is a continuation of the preceding series, "Mega Man". The first six games in the series were compiled in the anthology "Mega Man X Collection".
Plot.
Mega Man X, also known as Megaman X and commonly known as "X", was created by Dr. Thomas Light an unknown number of years after the "Mega Man" series. X was a new type of robot with the ability to make his own decisions. Recognizing the potential danger of this model, Light sealed X away in a diagnostic capsule for over 30 years of testing. Though what happened to him during these years is not specifically mentioned, it is assumed that Dr. Light died and left his diagnostic experiments unfinished. X's capsule was uncovered by an archaeologist named Dr. Cain almost 100 years after X's creation. Excited by the possibilities X presented, Cain disregarded the warnings Light had logged in the capsule and created a legion of new robots that replicated X's free will; these robots were called "Reploids" ("Repliroids" in Japan).
However, a virus that caused Reploids to turn against humans (later discovered to be originated by Dr. Wily, and implanted in Zero) began to spread. These Reploids were dubbed "Mavericks" ("Irregulars" in Japan), and a force called the Maverick Hunters ("Irregular Hunters") was formed to combat them. The Maverick Hunters were led by Sigma until he, too, became a Maverick and declared war against the humans. X took it upon himself to join the Maverick Hunters under leader Zero, another powerful robot (created by the evil Dr. Wily), on a mission to save Earth from Sigma.
Throughout the series, X, Zero, and later Axl battle against Sigma and his Maverick followers to stop their many diabolical plots to destroy the human race.
Series history.
Capcom released "Mega Man X" for the Super NES to give a new image to the "Mega Man" game series. There are a total of 11 games in the "Mega Man X" series: "Mega Man X" through "Mega Man X8", "", and "Mega Man Xtreme-Xtreme 2". "Mega Man X Collection" was later released in 2006 which comprised the first six "Mega Man X" games, plus one additional Classic series game as a North America exclusive.
Here is a list of Mega Man X games:
In 2010, Armature Studio, a development studio founded by the creators of "Metroid Prime", were developing a first-person shooter titled "Maverick Hunter", which was intended to build on the mythology of "Mega Man X". However, it was cancelled by Capcom after six months of development.
Gameplay.
"Mega Man X" plays similarly to its predecessor series "Mega Man", but with various new features: X has the ability to dash along the ground at any time (which is very similar to the original slide move from the original, but with better accurate controlling), cling to walls and Wall Jump, and dash and jump at the same time, increasing his speed in the air. This all gives X more mobility than his Classic counterpart; these modifications make it easier to go through the majority of the game without using any other gun than the default, which is different from previous "Mega Man" games where players were more inclined to rely on weapons won in previous fights (Like Metal Man's infamous Metal Blades) against boss characters in previously conquered stages.
X is also able to locate capsules that permanently upgrade a part of his armor, such as his helmet, boots, chestplate, or arm cannon. An upgrade common to each game is the ability for X to charge weapons earned from bosses, which gives them an enhanced secondary fire mode. In later games, there are multiple armor types available that can either be mixed and matched, or completed for additional armor set bonuses.
In "X3", Zero (the leader of the Maverick Hunters in the first Mega Man X) is a playable character from the beginning. In "X3", Zero is armed with a beam saber in addition to the traditional "buster" gun, but relies on his saber almost exclusively starting in "X4". In "X5", both X and Zero gained the ability to duck; an ability previously unavailable. In "X6", there is a new rescue system where the player must rescue reploids. In "X7", a new character known as Axl is introduced, playable alongside X and Zero. Axl utilizes two guns known as Axl Bullets. In "X8", the latest entry in the franchise, a new Double Attack feature is introduced, where two characters can attack at the same time.
Mavericks replace the Robot Masters, and Sigma replaces Dr. Wily. The stage boss Mavericks are based on various types of organisms (usually animals) instead of being humanoid in appearance, as were most of the bosses in the classic series, although their attacks and names are usually based on mechanical or chemical phenomena or laws of physics like the original games. The exception to this usually applies to the main group of antagonists in each game, which are normally humanoid in appearance. Repliforce is an example of human like antagonists, who appear in Mega Man X4.

</doc>
<doc id="5871034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871034" title="Schottky group">
Schottky group

In mathematics, a Schottky group is a special sort of Kleinian group, first studied by .
Definition.
Fix some point "p" on the Riemann sphere. Each Jordan curve not passing through "p" 
divides the Riemann sphere into two pieces, and we call the piece containing "p" the "exterior" of the curve, and the other piece its "interior". 
Suppose there are 2"g" disjoint Jordan curves "A"1, "B"1..., "A""g", "B""g" in the Riemann sphere with disjoint interiors. 
If there are Möbius transformations "T""i" taking the outside of "A""i" onto the inside of "B""i", then the group generated by these transformations is a Kleinian group. A Schottky group is any Kleinian group that can be constructed like this.
Properties.
Schottky groups are finitely generated free groups such that all non-trivial elements are loxodromic. Conversely showed that any finitely generated free Kleinian group such that all non-trivial elements are loxodromic is a Schottky group.
A fundamental domain for the action of a Schottky group "G" on its regular points Ω("G") in the Riemann sphere is given by the exterior of the Jordan curves defining it. The corresponding quotient space Ω("G")/"G" is given by joining up the Jordan curves in pairs, so is a compact Riemann surface of genus "g". This is the boundary of the 3-manifold given by taking the quotient ("H"∪Ω("G"))/"G" of 3-dimensional hyperbolic "H" space plus the regular set Ω("G") by the Schottky group "G", which is a handlebody of genus "g". Conversely any compact Riemann surface of genus "g" can be obtained from some Schottky group of genus "g".
Classical and non-classical Schottky groups.
A Schottky group is called classical if all the disjoint Jordan curves corresponding to some set of generators can be chosen to be circles. gave an indirect and non-constructive proof of the existence of non-classical Schottky groups, and gave an explicit example of one. It has been shown by that all finitely generated classical Schottky groups have limit sets of Hausdorff dimension bounded above strictly by a universal constant less than 2. Conversely, has proved that there exists a universal lower bound on the Hausdorff dimension of limit sets of all non-classical Schottky groups.
Limit sets of Schottky groups.
The limit set of a Schottky group, the complement of Ω("G"), always has Lebesgue measure zero, but can have positive "d"-dimensional Hausdorff measure for "d" < 2. It is perfect and nowhere dense with positive logarithmic capacity. 
The statement on Lebesgue measures follows for classical Schottky groups from the existence of the Poincaré series
Poincaré showed that the series | "c""i" |–4 is summable over the non-identity elements of the group. In fact taking a closed disk in the interior of the fundamental domain, its images under different group elements are disjoint and contained in a fixed disk about 0. So the sums of the areas is finite. By the changes of variables formula, the area is greater than a constant times | "c""i" |–4.
A similar argument implies that the limit set has Lebesgue measure zero. For it is contained in the complement of union of the images of the fundamental region by group elements with word length bounded by "n". This is a finite union of circles so has finite area. That area is bounded above by a constant times the contribution to the Poincaré sum of elements of word length "n", so decreases to 0.
Schottky space.
Schottky space (of some genus "g" ≥ 2) is the space of marked Schottky groups of genus "g", in other words the space of sets of "g" elements of PSL2(C) that generate a Schottky group, up to equivalence under Moebius transformations . It is a complex manifold of complex dimension 3"g"−3. It contains classical Schottky space as the subset corresponding to classical Schottky groups.
Schottky space of genus "g" is not simply connected in general, but its universal covering space can be identified with Teichmüller space of compact genus "g" Riemann surfaces.

</doc>
<doc id="5871048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871048" title="Living Under God">
Living Under God

Living Under God is a sequel to the 2004 book by dc Talk members Toby Mac and Michael Tait. The book follows much the same style as the first book, "Under God". It was published with help from WallBuilders.

</doc>
<doc id="5871057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871057" title="Döbern">
Döbern

Döbern (Lower Sorbian "Derbno", Polish "Dębrzno") is a town in the district of Spree-Neiße, in southeastern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 25 km southeast of Cottbus, and 15 km south of Forst (Lausitz).
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5871061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871061" title="New Attitude (TV series)">
New Attitude (TV series)

New Attitude is an American sitcom that aired on ABC in from August to September 1990. Based on the play "Beauty Shop" by Shelly Garrett, the series aired for six episodes during ABC's "TGIF" lineup on Fridays.
Synopsis.
The St. James sisters had sunk everything they could beg or borrow into their new business venture, "New Attitude" beauty salon. The partnership was 50-50: outrageous, try-anything Yvonne (Phyllis Yvonne Stickney) got them into trouble, and conservative, sensible Vicki (Sheryl Lee Ralph) got them out. Lamarr (Morris Day) is their colorful top hairdresser, the "prince of perms"; Taylor (Karen Bankhead), the ambitious but inept receptionist (she had flunked the beautician's exam 11 times); and Leon (Earl Billings), the landlord.
"New Attitude" aired a total of six episodes (eight were filmed) before being canceled by ABC in September 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="5871082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871082" title="Morta (mythology)">
Morta (mythology)

In Roman mythology, Morta was the goddess of death. She is one of the Parcae, related to the Roman conception of the Fates in Greek mythology, the Moirai. She is responsible for pain and death that occurs in a half wake half sleep time frame. Her father is the god of night and her mother the goddess of darkness. She visits and warns in advance of the pain or death about to be endured. 

</doc>
<doc id="5871087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871087" title="Ralph Munroe">
Ralph Munroe

Ralph Middleton Munroe (April 3, 1851 – August 20, 1933) was an American yacht designer and early resident of Coconut Grove in south Florida. His home, now The Barnacle Historic State Park, is the oldest house in Miami-Dade County still standing in its original location.
Early life.
Munroe was born to Thomas and Ellen Middleton Munroe at their family home on 22nd Street near 4th Avenue in New York City on April 3, 1851. In 1854, the Munroe family moved to Staten Island where Munroe spent his childhood. Growing up near the sea, he became fascinated with the boats that were essential to island life. While a student at Eagleswood Military Academy
, near Perth Amboy, New Jersey from 1861 to 1864, he purchased the "Hornet," for a mere $2.00, the first of many boats he was to own.
After briefly attending Columbia University in New York City, Munroe participated in a number of lucrative business ventures as well as yachting adventures. In 1874, he encountered William Brickell off of the coast of Staten Island; a meeting which would change his life. It was from him that Munroe learned more of Biscayne Bay, which he visited for the first time in 1877.
At 28 years of age, Munroe married Eva Amelia Hewitt in 1879 and established his permanent home at Great Kills, Staten Island. Two years later, she gave birth to a daughter, Edith Munroe. The joy of his daughter's birth was met with tragedy, however. Within the next few months, Eva contracted tuberculosis and in the hopes of recovery, Munroe brought Eva; her sister, Adeline, also tubercular; and their brother to Biscayne Bay. His daughter Edith died in her grandmother's care shortly after their departure. Eva died in April 1882. She is buried on the grounds of the Coconut Grove Library. This is the oldest marked grave in Miami. A devastated Munroe soon returned to Staten Island.
Move to Florida.
Between the years of 1882 and 1886, Munroe returned several times to Biscayne Bay, spending winters with Charles and Isabella Peacock, who were then building the Bay View House, Dade County's first hotel, later renamed the Peacock Inn. He returned to summer in Staten Island each year. Finally, in 1886, Munroe decided to make Coconut Grove his permanent home and purchased the future site of The Barnacle Historic State Park, which was at the time of bayfront property. He paid $400 in cash in addition to one of his yachts, the "Kingfish", which he valued at an additional $400. Two years later, in 1888, he sold his home in Staten Island to remain year round in Coconut Grove.5
With his new home began a new life. Munroe built his boathouse directly on the bay in 1887 with living quarters on upper floor and a workshop on lower floor. He continued designing yachts, fifty-six of which he completed over the course of his lifetime. His most famous design was "Egret" a 28ft, double-ended sharpie lifeboat which he designed for himself. In addition, he obtained a wrecking license from the State of Florida to salvage ships on Biscayne Bay, which were numerous due to the surrounding reef and shallow waters. After he had settled into his various careers, the always social Munroe founded the Biscayne Bay Yacht Club in 1887. He was the club's first Commodore, a position he held for twenty-two years. 
Fully established in every regard but one, Munroe decided to start the construction of his house "The Barnacle" in 1891. He met his second wife, Jessie Wirth, on a sailing trip in 1894, and was married a year later in 1895. Jessie gave birth to a daughter, Patty, (1900), and a son, Wirth, (1902) who also became a yacht designer. The family took frequent cruises on the bay and the children learned to sail at a very early age.
In 1903, he and friend Tom Hine established a resort on the property called Camp Biscayne, guests included Ruth Rowland Nichols, William Grigsby McCormick, and Alexander Graham Bell. Many who wintered at Camp Biscayne would later settle the area permanently, as Munroe did. Munroe's autobiography, 
"The Commodore's Story" was published in 1930. Written with the assistance of Vincent Gilpin, it is one of the few first hand accounts existing of pioneer days in Miami-Dade County.
Munroe was a very good friend of Captain Nat Herreshoff, America's preeminent yacht designer. Herreshoff spent the last winters of his life residing at a cottage at the Barnacle.
Photography was another important aspect of Munroe's life. He was an accomplished amateur photographer. During his lifetime many of his photographs were used in magazines, newspapers, and books as illustrations. For example, three of the illustrations in Willoughby's "Across the Everglades" are credited to Munroe. His photographs are the only record we have of what pioneer days looked like in early Miami. Fortunately many of these photographs were published in the book "The Forgotten Frontier" and are therefore available to us today.
Munroe died on 20 August 1933 at the age of 82. He was buried in Sleepy Hollow Cemetery, Concord, Massachusetts. Munroe was survived by his wife and two children who, along with his other descendants, would continue to occupy The Barnacle until 1973, when the family sold it to the State of Florida.
Yachts Designed by Ralph Middleton Munroe.
Note Those in CAPITALS are PRESTO style boats.

</doc>
<doc id="5871092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871092" title="Nomocharis">
Nomocharis

Nomocharis is a genus of the family Liliaceae. It consists of about 7 species native to montane regions of western China, Myanmar, and northern India. They are similar to "Lilium", with one of the more obvious differences being the flowers being more shallow or sometimes flat.
Species.
The World Checklist of Selected Plant Families accepted 10 species :

</doc>
<doc id="5871097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871097" title="Doug Roth">
Doug Roth

Douglas Keith "Doug" Roth (born August 24, 1967) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Washington Bullets in the 2nd round (41st overall) of the 1989 NBA Draft. A 6'11" center from the University of Tennessee, Roth played in just one NBA season for the Bullets, appearing in 42 games during the 1989–90 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5871101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871101" title="Comparison of photo gallery software">
Comparison of photo gallery software

The following is a comparison of photo gallery publishing software.
Some are desktop applications, others are server side applications.

</doc>
<doc id="5871102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871102" title="Caroline Mutoko">
Caroline Mutoko

Caroline Mutoko is a radio presenter with Nairobi's Kiss 100 FM radio station, one of the radio stations under the Radio Africa brand. She presents the early morning program "The Big Breakfast". She used to host it alongside comedian Walter "Nyambane" Mong'are who has since moved to join the government funded Kenya Broadcasting Corporation (KBC). Previously, Caroline worked for Capital FM in Nairobi as a presenter and Marketing Manager.
Personal life.
Caroline has over 10 years experience in the industry and also writes for The Star Newspaper, a subsidiary of Radio Africa. She has been involved in various projects and is known to be an active advocate for civil rights. Caroline attended Loreto Convent Valley Road High school. She has strong family roots and grew up as a devout catholic. Caroline is not married.Queen of Kenyan radio, Caroline Mutoko,adopted a baby girl- 8 months old on the 26th of August 2011.
On 25 July 2012, Caroline was appointed chairlady of the Kenya Tourist Development Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="5871105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871105" title="Bedlam cube">
Bedlam cube

The Bedlam cube is a solid dissection puzzle invented by British puzzle expert Bruce Bedlam.
Design.
The puzzle consists of thirteen polycubic pieces: twelve pentacubes and one tetracube. The objective is to assemble these pieces into a 4 x 4 x 4 cube. There are 19,186 distinct ways of doing so, up to rotations and reflections.
The Bedlam cube is one unit per side larger than the 3 x 3 x 3 Soma cube, and is much more difficult to solve.
History.
Two of the BBC's 'Dragons' from "Dragons' Den", Rachel Elnaugh and Theo Paphitis, were to invest in the Bedlam cube during the second series. They offered £100,000 for a 30% share of equity in Bedlam Puzzles. Danny Bamping (the entrepreneur behind Bedlam cube) finally chose a bank loan instead of their investment, as seen in the relevant "Where Are They Now" episode of "Dragons' Den".
Records.
According to "Guinness World Records", the official world record for assembling the Bedlam Cube is 11.03 seconds by Danny Bamping on 9 November 2006. The blindfolded record is 27.21 seconds by Aleksandr Iljasov on 25 February 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5871107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871107" title="Shirur">
Shirur

Shirur may refer to various places in India:

</doc>
<doc id="5871110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871110" title="Wrestling singlet">
Wrestling singlet

A wrestling singlet (or simply singlet) is a one-piece, tight-fitting, colored uniform, usually made of spandex/lycra, or nylon, used in amateur wrestling. The uniform is tight fitting so as not to get grasped accidentally by one's opponent, and allows the referee to see each wrestler's body clearly when awarding points or a pin. Unlike judo, it is illegal to grasp an opponent's clothing in all styles of amateur wrestling.
Look of a singlet.
In most high school and college wrestling matches, the competitors wear singlets in their team colors. To designate a competitor's color for scoring purposes a red or green anklet is also worn.
Outside school competition (e.g., in international wrestling: freestyle and Greco-Roman) wrestlers bring a red and a blue singlet (or reversible singlet) and are told before the match which color to wear.
Singlets are also common among professional wrestlers (such as Bret Hart, Kurt Angle, and Rob Van Dam). Many of these are much more stylized than those worn by amateurs, although the use of singlets in professional wrestling has declined in the last two decades.
Other clothing.
The singlet did not become common in college wrestling until the late 1960s and early 1970s; in fact, it had been banned by the NCAA for years. Shirtless uniforms, including trunks and tights, were common until the NCAA banned shirtless wrestling in the mid-1960s.
A new style of singlet, known as a double or doublet, has recently emerged in college wrestling that covers more of the upper body. Made of the same Lycra material, this singlet has more of a t-shirt covering than the traditional thin-strap singlet more commonly worn. This type of singlet is usually worn with accompanying tight-fitting shorts. This style of singlet is currently only allowed on the college level, although there is report that some high school wrestlers use this singlet style in practice sessions.
Only with special permission are wrestlers allowed to wear a t-shirt under their singlet, most commonly for sanitary reasons involving excessive acne on the chest or back.
Singlet cuts.
There are three different traditional "cuts" to wrestling singlets: the high cut, the fila cut, and the low cut. The high cut covers most of the chest and reaches up to the under-arms on the side. The fila cut is like the high cut but does not rise up as high beneath the arms. The low cut singlet is a revealing singlet, that allows greater range of mobility, keeps its wearer cooler, tends to be more comfortable when not on the mat (wrestlers tend to wear their singlets under their clothes nearly all day in some circumstances). The low cut reaches down to the middle abdomen in the front, reaches down to the hips on the sides, and features a single strap that runs up the back that is very thin. Low cut singlets can no longer be worn at the Olympics or World Championships. A high cut or Fila cut singlet is required for this level. Generally, low cut singlets are not legal for high school wrestling in the United States and likely will not be legal for off season wrestling in the near future.
Underwear.
Underneath the singlet, wrestlers traditionally wear a jockstrap, regular briefs, absorbent undergarment liners, compression shorts, or tights.

</doc>
<doc id="5871115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871115" title="Morta (disambiguation)">
Morta (disambiguation)

Morta was Queen of Lithuania (1253-1262).
Morta may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5871118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871118" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Gloucestershire. Natural England, the designating body for SSSIs in England, uses the 1974-1996 county system, and this list follows the same approach. Some sites you may expect to find here could therefore be in the Avon list. It may also be that a site may on the borders of more than one county. It may also be on the country borders.
Natural England chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. As of 2012, there are 121 sites designated in this Area of Search, of which 69 have been designated due to their biological interest, 32 due to their geological interest, and 20 for both.
Gloucestershire has 3 Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty being the Cotswolds, Malvern Hills, and the Wye Valley (the latter is also partly in Wales). These areas may include several SSSIs, or be named an SSSI as is the case for the Malvern Hills.
Gloucestershire has 2 designated Ramsar sites being the Severn Estuary and Walmore Common both SSSIs. These two sites are also designated as Special Protection Areas (SPA) under the EC Directive on the conservation of Wild Birds.
Gloucestershire has 7 recognised Special Areas of Conservation (SAC), several of which bring together more than one SSSI. These are: Cotswold Beechwoods; Dixton Wood; River Wye/ Afon Gwy; Rodborough Common; Severn Estuary; Wye Valley and Forest of Dean Bat Sites/ Safleoedd Ystlumod Dyffryn Gwy a Fforest y Ddena; Wye Valley Woodlands/ Coetiroedd Dyffryn Gwy.
Highbury Wood SSSI and the Cotswold Commons and Beechwoods SSSI are National Nature Reserves (NNR). Lady Park Wood (part of the wood is in Gloucestershire and part in Monmouthshire) is a National Nature Reserve.
A significant number of the SSSIs are recognised by the relevant local authorities as Key Wildlife Sites and Regionally Important Geological/Geomorphological Sites. There are c. 800 recognised Key Wildlife Sites in Gloucestershire.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.
References.
"Natural England" citation sheets for each SSSI. Retrieved on 18 June 2011 and 10 August 2012

</doc>
<doc id="5871127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871127" title="Neralattu Rama Poduval">
Neralattu Rama Poduval

Neralattu Rama Poduval or Njaralathu Rama Poduval (1921–1996) was an exponent of the ashtapadi/sopanam music form practised in Kerala in southern India. A recipient of the Kendra Sahitya Academy award, he hailed from a rugged village called Thiruvaazhaamkunnu, near Perinthalmanna in Malappuram district.
Born into an Ambalavasi family on 16 February 1921, Poduval had his schooling till the fifth standard and moved on to practice the idakka and the chenda. He inherited the art of playing the edakka from his uncle, Njeralathu Karunakara Pothuval, and went on to establish an indelible mark in this field.
He also practiced instruments like the veena from Parappanaatu Rama Kuruppu. He practised Carnatic music from the Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar besides Kodikunnath Madhavan Nair. His experience in Kerala Kalamandalam helped him in gaining knowledge in Kathakali music as well.
Poduval married Lakshmikutty Amma at the age of 36. By the age of 56 he became the father of seven children - Janakikutty, Krishna Vijayan, Gopalakrishnan, Anjaneyan, Gaayathri, Hari Govindan, and Aananda Sivaraman. After his marriage, he lived at Palakkode village near Angadipuram under the patronage of the chief priest of Thirumandhamkunnu temple at Angadipuram, Pandhalakkode Sankaran Namboodiri. Poduval died on August 13, 1996, aged 75. 
Rama Poduval rejuvenated the Sopanam style of traditional Kerala temple music and enthralled the music lovers of Kerala for decades. He brought out this art from within the walls of the temple and made this art popular among the people. There are six different documentary films based on his life and music. 'Sopaanam', his biography in Malayalam, is also implemented as study material for university students in Kerala. The awards he received also include fellowships from both government and cultural organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="5871149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871149" title="Antonio Munoz (politician)">
Antonio Munoz (politician)

Antonio Munoz is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 1st District since 1999.
Early life, education and career.
Munoz graduated from Good Shepherd Grammar School and graduated in 1982 from Quigley South, now Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary. After graduation he served in the United States Army with 82nd Airborne Division, and later attended the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
Munoz began his career with the Chicago Police Department, later moving to Chicago City Hall. In 1990, he began working with Mayor Daley's Liquor License Commission, Local Liquor Control Section. He went on to work in the Department of Aviation, the Mayor’s Office of Budget and Management, and the Law Department. 
Illinois Senate.
Munoz is Chairman of the Transportation Committee; Vice-Chairman of Environment and Energy; and Sub-Chairman on the Subcommittee on Licensed Professionals. Additionally he serves on Appropriations III; Licensed Activities; Subcommittee on Tollways; Senate Task Force on Illinois Alcoholic Beverage Laws; and the Revenue Special Issues Subcommittee. He is also co-founder and treasurer of the Latino Caucus.
Munoz helped pass a bill to grant Illinois’ children of illegal immigrants access to instate tuition levels so that they can continue their education at the state’s public colleges and universities. This bill would allow students who have attended school in Illinois for at least three years and graduated from a high school in Illinois to pay in-state tuition regardless of their immigration status. 
In 2009, Munoz co-sponsored a bill to expand the ability of local police agencies to use money generated by fines stemming from convictions for driving under the influence. This bill allows for a much wider use of DUI funds by law enforcement in combating alcohol-related crimes, like training and setting up check points. Before this law, the funds could only be used for purchasing equipment. . 
Personal life.
Munoz lives in McKinley Park with his wife Patricia and their three children, Dolores, Michelle, and Tony, Jr. He serves on the Board of Directors of several community organizations including the Easter Seals, Union League Boys and Girls Club, Little Village Boys and Girls Club, and the Valentine Boys and Girls Club. He is also a member of the Harvard Club of Chicago and the Fraternal Order of Police.

</doc>
<doc id="5871160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871160" title="Electron-cloud effect">
Electron-cloud effect

The electron-cloud effect is a phenomenon that occurs in particle accelerators and reduces the quality of the particle beam.
Explanation.
Electron clouds are created when accelerated charged particles disturb stray electrons already floating in the tube, and bounce or slingshot the electrons into the wall. These stray electrons can be photo-electrons from synchrotron radiation or electrons from ionized gas molecules. When an electron hits the wall, the wall emits more electrons due to secondary emission. These electrons in turn hit another wall, releasing more and more electrons into the accelerator chamber.
Exacerbating factors.
This effect is especially a problem in positron accelerations, where electrons are attracted and slingshot into the walls at variable incident angles. Negatively charged electrons liberated from the accelerator walls are attracted to the positively charged beam, and form a "cloud" around it.
The effect is most pronounced for electrons with around 300eV of kinetic energy - with a steep drop-off of the effect at less than that energy, and a gradual drop-off at higher energies, which occurs because electrons "bury" themselves deep inside the walls of the accelerator tube, making it difficult for secondary electrons to escape into the tube. 
The effect is also more pronounced for higher incidence angles (angles farther from the normal).
Electron cloud growth can be a grave limitation in bunch currents and total beam currents if multipacting occurs. Multipacting can occur when the electron cloud dynamics can achieve a resonance with the bunch spacing of the accelerator beam. This can cause instabilities along a bunch train and even instabilities within a single bunch, which are known as head-tail instabilities.
Proposed remedies.
A few remedies have been proposed to deal with this, such as putting ridges in the accelerator tube, adding antechambers to the tube, coating the tube to reduce the yield of electrons from the surface, or creating an electric field to pull in stray electrons. At the PEP-II accelerator at SLAC, the vacuum pipe which contains the positron ring has a wire coiled around its entire length. Running a current through this wire creates a solenoidal magnetic field which tends to contain the electrons liberated from the beam pipe walls.
Measurement techniques.
There are many different ways of measuring the electron cloud in a vacuum chamber. Each one gives insight into a different aspect of the electron cloud. 
Retarding field analyzers are local grids in the chamber wall that allow some of the cloud to escape. These electrons can be filtered by an electric field and the resultant energy spectrum can be measured. Retarding field analyzers can be installed in drift regions, dipoles, quadrupoles, and wiggler magnets. A limitation is that retarding field analyzers measure only local cloud, and because they measure current, there is inherently some time averaging involved. The RFA can also interact with the measurement it is taking through secondary electrons from the retarding grid being expelled from the RA and being kicked back into the device by the beam.
Witness bunch studies measure the tune shift along successive bunches in a train and in a witness bunch that is places at varying locations behind the train. Since tune shift is related to the ring-averaged central cloud density if the tune shift is known the central cloud density can be calculated. An advantage of witness bunch studies is the tune shifts can be measured bunch by bunch and so the time evolution of the cloud can be measured.
The vacuum chamber in an accelerator can be used as a waveguide for radio-frequency transmission. Transverse-electric waves can be propagated in the chamber. The electron cloud acts as a plasma and causes a density dependent phase shift in the RF. The phase shift can be measured as frequency sidebands which can then be converted back into a plasma density.

</doc>
<doc id="5871163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871163" title="Mel Tiangco">
Mel Tiangco

Carmela Tiangco-Cornejo popularly known as 'Mel Tiangco' (born August 10, 1955) is a popular television newscaster and television host in the Philippines.
She currently co-anchors GMA Network's evening newscast, "24 Oras" with Mike Enriquez. She was also the host of the weekly drama anthology "Magpakailanman" and a co-host for "Mel and Joey" with comedian-TV host-writer Joey de Leon.
She is the mother of Wency Cornejo, a musician best known as the lead vocalist of the now-defunct Philippine rock band After Image (active in the 90s). She is also involved in philanthropic work as the Executive Vice President of the GMA Kapuso Foundation, the network's socio-civic arm.

</doc>
<doc id="5871172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871172" title="Lin Di">
Lin Di

Lin Di (; born 1975 in Shanghai) is a Chinese musician, composer, and vocalist.
Her current band is Cold Fairyland, a progressive rock band in which she plays "pipa" and keyboard synthesizers, and also sings.
Lin began playing pipa at age four. She studied at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music, where she majored in traditional Chinese music and "pipa".
She started her own band Cold Fairyland in 2001 with bass guitarist Su Yong, composes original music for various commercial projects and orchestral works.
Performs occasionally with the Shanghai based Swing Shine band.
She is also an avid photographer.
Discography.
With Cold Fairyland.
CD's are available from CDbaby.com and downloads from iTunes.com

</doc>
<doc id="5871173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871173" title="Stan Walters">
Stan Walters

Stanley Peter "Stan" Walters, Jr. (born May 27, 1948) is a former professional American football offensive tackle. After playing college football for Syracuse, he was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the ninth round of the 1972 NFL Draft. He spent three years with the Bengals, starting at left tackle for the majority of his tenure, before he was traded to the Philadelphia Eagles in 1975. A two-time Pro Bowl selection with the Eagles, Walters started in 122 consecutive games at left tackle in his nine years with the team. Following his retirement, he was a radio color commentator for the Eagles from 1984 through 1997.
Early years.
Walters grew up a New York Giants fan in Rutherford, New Jersey. His father worked as a machinist in Jersey City, New Jersey. Walters attended St. Mary High School in Rutherford, where he lettered in football and basketball.
College career.
Walters was a two-year letterman in football for Syracuse University, and started at left guard in his senior season in 1971. He participated in the Senior Bowl in 1971. He majored in history at Syracuse. He was selected to the Syracuse All-Century team in 1999.
Professional career.
Walters was selected by the Cincinnati Bengals in the ninth round (210th overall) of the 1972 NFL Draft. He began the 1972 season on the team's taxi squad, and he was promoted to the starting roster midway through the season owing to an injury to starter Rufus Mayes. Walters started the remaining eight games of the season at left offensive tackle. An unknown illness in 1973 resulted in his losing 14 pounds in a ten-day span and missing a game against the Cleveland Browns on October 6. He played in only four games that season. He returned as a starter in 1974 and played in all fourteen games.
The Bengals traded Walters and quarterback Wayne Clark to the Philadelphia Eagles in exchange for quarterback John Reaves and a 1976 second-round draft pick (which was used on guard Glenn Bujnoch) on July 3, 1975. Walters considered a meeting with head coach Dick Vermeil before the 1976 season as the critical moment in his playing career. Vermeil, who had just been hired by the Eagles, told Walters that if he did not start playing better he would be released. Walters said, "It shook me up. It definitely made a difference." He started in every game from 1975 through 1982 at left tackle. Harvey Martin, a defensive end who played for the Dallas Cowboys and frequently played against Walters, called Walters the smartest offensive tackle in the league during his career.
Walters earned two consecutive Pro Bowl selections, in 1978 and 1979. In 1979, Walters blocked for running back Wilbert Montgomery, who rushed for a team-record 1,512 yards. In 1980 he did not allow any sacks as the team's largest player at . He injured his back in the first half of the 1981 NFC Championship Game against the Dallas Cowboys, but took a painkiller shot to go back into the game to help the team rush for 263 yards and advance to the Super Bowl. Walters played in Super Bowl XV against the Oakland Raiders. The Eagles lost the game, 27–10. Walters was limited by a strained knee in the beginning of the 1981 season.
Walters re-signed with the Eagles before training camp in 1983. He played in the first preseason game against the Detroit Lions, but had to leave the game due to an injury. Three days later, on August 8, he announced his retirement from football, saying "After 12 years of playing in the NFL, I earned the right to go to my head coach and just say I've fought my battle. It's over." However, when his replacement, Dean Miraldi, suffered a sprained knee in the next preseason game, Walters ended his week-long retirement to re-join the Eagles on August 15. The contract offered to him included a clause that the organization would put up a barn next to his house. He re-injured his knee against the St. Louis Cardinals on September 25 and had to leave the game. Before the November 20 game against the New York Giants, Walters was benched, along with four other starters, by head coach Marion Campbell in an attempt to rejuvenate the team with younger players after a five-straight losses. He finished the season with ten starts in twelve games. He ended a streak of 122 consecutive starts at left tackle for the Eagles during the 1983 season.
In 1991, Walters was inducted in the Philadelphia Eagles Ring of Honor with fellow offensive tackle Jerry Sisemore.
After football.
After retiring from football again after the 1983 season, Walters worked alongside Merrill Reese as a radio color commentator for the Eagles from 1984 to 1997 before he moved to Cobham, England when his wife, Kathy, got transferred in her job in the paper industry. The couple had previously lived in Alpharetta, Georgia. He and his wife lived in England for five years while Walters raised their two children. , Walters resides in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="5871182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871182" title="Philadelphia Whitemarsh RFC">
Philadelphia Whitemarsh RFC

Philadelphia Whitemarsh Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, US. They are currently members of the Eastern Pennsylvania Rugby Union, the organizational body for the sport in eastern Pennsylvania, and currently play in USA Rugby Men's Club Division III.
History.
Philadelphia Whitemarsh RFC formed in 1985 as the result of a merger between the former Philadelphia (Founded 1961) and Whitemarsh clubs (Founded 1967). Prior to the merger, both clubs were facing a decline in membership. The Philadelphia club had a secure home ground in Fairmount Park and the Whitemarsh club had a good clubhouse, so the clubs merged with the hopes of becoming a more successful club. The club colors became red with blue stripes, and the new logo was a combination of Philadelphia's Liberty Bell logo and Whitemarsh's wallaby. Also included are the founding dates: 1961, 1967, 1985.
Philadelphia Whitemarsh played in the Rugby Super League, the country's highest level of rugby union, from 1998 to 2008, when they withdrew.
The club, looking to rebuild its foundation, moved to Division 3 in Eastern Pennsylvania Rugby Union beginning in the fall of 2009.
Current Club.
Philadelphia Whitemarsh struggled to rebuild in its first two years in Division 3, sometimes not having enough players to field a side. In the fall of 2009 the club finished 2-5-1 with 11 league points for a 10th place finish in the 12 team league. The next year, they finished 1-7-0 with 8 league points for an 11th place finish.
Things turned around for PWRFC however in the spring of 2011. The young players in the club brought in college and high school teammates, Conway Maraki came in as a player-coach and the club began to reform. That spring, the new PWRFC went 3-2 in exhibition matches, both losses coming by a combined 4 points.
In the Fall of 2011, PWRFC ran the table in EPRU Division 3, going a perfect 8-0 and won the EPRU D3 crown. PWRFC continued their winning ways that spring running the table to win the MARFU championship, defeating Virginia RFC in the final 37-32. They advanced to the Final Four in Glendale, CO after defeating Gainesville and Syracuse in the USA Rugby Round of 16 and 8 respectively. After defeating the South Bay Rhinos (CA) in the National Semifinal 50-26, they fell to New Orleans RFC in the National Championship Game 36-20, finishing the season with a 14-1 record.
Sponsorship.
Philly-Whitemarsh RFC has individual sponsorships. Notable primary sponsors include Royall Lyme. The club also has several secondary sponsorships from local and regional businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="5871185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871185" title="Abdelhadi Said">
Abdelhadi Said

Abdelhadi Said () (born 1974 in Marrakech) is a Moroccan poet.
His first collection of poems has received the "prix de poésie de l'Union des Écrivains du Maroc" (poetry prize of the union of writers of Morocco) when he was 22 years old. In 2005 he wrote the novel "Barbus jusqu'aux dents".

</doc>
<doc id="5871197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871197" title="Scaredy Squirrel">
Scaredy Squirrel

Scaredy Squirrel is the titular protagonist and main character of the Scaredy Squirrel children’s book series. The books often follow the same format: Scaredy identifies his fears, shows how he avoids them at all costs, and develops contingency plans, which usually involve an emergency kit and playing dead till the threat has passed. Scaredy is inevitably faced with the fears he tries so hard to avoid, eventually learning that it is not as bad as he initially imagined. However, he only slightly alters his strict daily routines after these experiences.
The Scaredy Squirrel series is written and illustrated by Mélanie Watt and the first book was published in March 2006 by Kids Can Press. The series is told using large pictures with simple descriptive text.
A sequel, "Scaredy Squirrel Makes a Friend" was published in March 2007 by Kids Can Press. In it, Scaredy decides to leave his nut tree and find the perfect friend; he must be germ free, toothless and completely predictable. With meticulous planning and preparation Scaredy sets off with rubber gloves and air freshener in hand, but the friend he finds is not what he had in mind at all.
A third Scaredy Squirrel title, "Scaredy Squirrel at the Beach", was published in March 2008. In this book, Scaredy Squirrel has the perfect plan to have some 100% safe fun in the sun by building a beach getaway under his nut tree, complete with a germ-free inflatable pool and plastic flamingo. Still, a crucial part of the beach is missing — the sound of the ocean - so with his meticulous map and worst-case scenario contingency plan, Scaredy sets off to bring home the perfect seashell. But he's keeping an eye out for menacing seagulls, pinching lobsters, scary sharks, falling coconuts and camera-shy sea monsters.
A fourth Scaredy Squirrel book, "Scaredy Squirrel at Night", was published in February 2009. In the book, Scaredy Squirrel does not want to go to sleep for fear of dreaming about things such as dragons, fairies, ghosts, bats, unicorns, and polka-dot monsters. However, one night Scaredy is forced to take drastic measures when his horoscope says that at midnight his dreams will come true. What Scaredy ends up confronting is very different from fairies and polka-dot monsters.
A fifth Scaredy Squirrel book, "Scaredy Squirrel has a Birthday Party", was published in 2011. In the book, Scaredy Squirrel does not want to have a big birthday party for fear of it being spoiled by clownfish, ants, ponies, Bigfoot, confetti or porcupines. He was going to invite only himself to his birthday party, but someone sends him a happy birthday card and Scaredy thinks he has to return the favor and invite him to his party. His Buddy comes to the party with a bunch of other dogs. Scaredy realizes it is much more fun when there are a lot of party friends. 
Things Scaredy Squirrel is afraid of.
"Scaredy Squirrel"
Green Martians, killer bees, tarantulas, poison ivy, germs, sharks
"Scaredy Squirrel Makes a Friend"
Walruses, rabbits, beavers, piranhas, Godzilla
"Scaredy Squirrel at the Beach"
Pirates, jellyfish, lobsters, sea monsters, seagulls, falling coconuts
"Scaredy Squirrel at Night"
Dragons, fairies, ghosts, bats, unicorns, polka-dot monsters
"Scaredy Squirrel has a Birthday Party"
Clownfish, ants, Bigfoot, confetti, ponies, porcupines
"Scaredy Squirrel Goes Camping"
Skunks, mosquitoes, quicksand, the Three Bears, penguins, zippers
Awards.
American.
Won:
ALA’s Notable Children’s Books 
Independent Publisher Book Awards – Picture Books 6 and under (Bronze)
Children's and YA Bloggers' Literary Awards - Cybils
NCTE Notable Children’s Books in Language Arts
Shortlisted:
ReadBoston 2006 Best Read Aloud Book Award
ForeWord Book of the Year Award
Washington Children’s Choice Picture Book Award
North Carolina Children's Book Award – Picture Book 
Canadian.
Won:
Ruth and Sylvia Schwartz Children's Book Award for Children’s Picture Book
OLA Blue Spruce Award 2007 & 2008
Amelia Frances Howard-Gibbon Illustrator's Award
Shortlisted:
CBA Libris Award for Children’s Author of the Year 
International.
Won:
"Le Prix de la Librairie Millepage" in Vincennes, 2006 (France)
ky intrtament nelvana
Richard & Judy Book Club Selection (UK)
TV series.
Nelvana has 52 11-minute animated episodes in development to air on YTV (Canada), Cartoon Network (USA/Australia/New Zealand/Latin America), and POP (UK), Disney XD (France/Poland). The English version of the show's titular character is voiced by Terry McGurrin.

</doc>
<doc id="5871200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871200" title="Color motion picture film">
Color motion picture film

Color motion picture film refers both to unexposed color photographic film in a format suitable for use in a motion picture camera, and to finished motion picture film, ready for use in a projector, which bears images in color. 
The first color cinematography was by means of additive color systems such as the one patented in England by Edward Raymond Turner in 1899 and tested in 1902. A simplified additive system was developed by George Albert Smith and successfully commercialized in 1909 as Kinemacolor. These early systems used black-and-white film to photograph and project two or more component images through different color filters.
With the present-day technology, there are two distinct processes: Eastman Color Negative 2 chemistry (camera negative stocks, duplicating interpositive and internegative stocks) and Eastman Color Positive 2 chemistry (positive prints for direct projection), usually abbreviated as ECN-2 and ECP-2. Fuji's products are compatible with ECN-2 and ECP-2.
Overview.
The first motion pictures were photographed using a simple homogeneous photographic emulsion that yielded a black-and-white image—that is, an image in shades of gray, ranging from black to white, corresponding to the luminous intensity of each point on the photographed subject. Light, shade, form and movement were captured, but not color.
With color motion picture film, information about the color of the light at each image point is also captured. This is done by analyzing the visible spectrum of color into several regions (normally three, commonly referred to by their dominant colors: red, green and blue) and recording each region separately.
Current color films do this with three layers of differently color-sensitive photographic emulsion coated on one strip of film base. Early processes used color filters to photograph the color components as completely separate images (e.g., three-strip Technicolor) or adjacent microscopic image fragments (e.g., Dufaycolor) in a one-layer black-and-white emulsion.
Each photographed color component, initially just a colorless record of the luminous intensities in the part of the spectrum that it captured, is processed to produce a transparent dye image in the color complementary to the color of the light that it recorded. The superimposed dye images combine to synthesize the original colors by the subtractive color method. In some early color processes (e.g., Kinemacolor), the component images remained in black-and-white form and were projected through color filters to synthesize the original colors by the additive color method.
Tinting and hand coloring.
The earliest motion picture stocks were orthochromatic, and recorded blue and green light, but not red. Recording all three spectral regions required making film stock panchromatic to some degree. Since orthochromatic film stock hindered color photography in its beginnings, the first films with color in them used aniline dyes to create artificial color. Hand-colored films appeared in 1895 with Thomas Edison's hand-painted "Annabelle's Dance" for his Kinetoscope viewers.
Many early filmmakers from the first ten years of film also used this method to some degree. George Méliès offered hand-painted prints of his own films at an additional cost over the black-and-white versions, including the visual-effects pioneering "A Trip to the Moon" (1902). The film had various parts of the film painted frame-by-frame by twenty-one women in Montreuil in a production-line method.
The first commercially successful stencil color process was introduced in 1905 by Pathé Frères. "Pathé Color", renamed Pathéchrome in 1929, became one of the most accurate and reliable stencil coloring systems. It incorporated an original print of a film with sections cut by pantograph in the appropriate areas for up to six colors by a coloring machine with dye-soaked, velvet rollers. After a stencil had been made for the whole film, it was placed into contact with the print to be colored and run at high speed (60 feet per minute) through the coloring (staining) machine. The process was repeated for each set of stencils corresponding to a different color. By 1910, Pathé had over 400 women employed as stencilers in their Vincennes factory. Pathéchrome continued production through the 1930s. 
A more common technique emerged in the early 1910s known as film tinting, a process in which either the emulsion or the film base is dyed, giving the image a uniform monochromatic color. This process was popular during the silent era, with specific colors employed for certain narrative effects (red for scenes with fire or firelight, blue for night, etc.).
A complementary process, called toning, replaces the silver particles in the film with metallic salts or mordanted dyes. This creates a color effect in which the dark parts of the image are replaced with a color (e.g., blue and white rather than black and white). Tinting and toning were sometimes applied together.
In the United States, St. Louis engraver Max Handschiegl and cinematographer Alvin Wyckoff created the Handschiegl Color Process, a dye-transfer equivalent of the stencil process, first used in "Joan the Woman" (1917) directed by Cecil B. DeMille, and used in special effects sequences for films such as "The Phantom of the Opera" (1925).
Eastman Kodak introduced its own system of pre-tinted black-and-white film stocks called Sonochrome in 1929. The Sonochrome line featured films tinted in seventeen different colors including Peachblow, Inferno, Candle Flame, Sunshine, Purple Haze, Firelight, Azure, Nocturne, Verdante, Aquagreen, Caprice, Fleur de Lis, Rose Doree, and the neutral-density Argent, which kept the screen from becoming excessively bright when switching to a black-and-white scene.
Tinting and toning continued to be used well into the sound era. In the '30s and '40s, some western films were processed in a sepia-toning solution to evoke the feeling of old photographs of the day. Tinting was used as late as 1951 for Sam Newfield's sci-fi film "Lost Continent" for the green lost-world sequences. Alfred Hitchcock used a form of hand-coloring for the orange-red gun-blast at the audience in "Spellbound" (1945). Kodak's Sonochrome and similar pre-tinted stocks were still in production until the 1970s and were used commonly for custom theatrical trailers and snipes.
In the last half of the 20th century, Norman McLaren, who was one of the pioneers in modern animated movies, made several animated films in which he directly hand-painted the images, and in some cases, also the soundtrack, on each frame of the film. This approach was previously employed in the early years of movies, late 19th and early 20th century. One of the precursors in color hand painting frame by frame was the Aragonese Segundo de Chomon, that worked with Melies.
Physics of light and color.
The principles on which color photography is based were first proposed by Scottish physicist James Clerk Maxwell in 1855 and presented at the Royal Society in London in 1861. By that time, it was known that light comprises a spectrum of different wavelengths that are perceived as different colors as they are absorbed and reflected by natural objects. Maxwell discovered that all natural colors in this spectrum may be reproduced with additive combinations of three primary colors—red, green, and blue—which, when mixed equally, produce white light.
Between 1900 and 1935, dozens of natural color systems were introduced, although only a few were successful.
Additive color.
The first color systems that appeared in motion pictures were additive color systems. Additive color was practical because no special color stock was necessary. Black-and-white film could be processed and used in both filming and projection. The various additive systems entailed the use of color filters on both the movie camera and projector. Additive color adds lights of the primary colors in various proportions to the projected image. Because of the limited amount of space to record images on film, and later because the lack of a camera that could record more than two strips of film at once, most early motion-picture color systems consisted of two colors, often red and green or red and blue.
A pioneering three-color additive system was patented in England by Edward Raymond Turner in 1899. It used a rotating set of red, green and blue filters to photograph the three color components one after the other on three successive frames of panchromatic black-and-white film. The finished film was projected through similar filters to reconstitute the color. In 1902, Turner shot test footage to demonstrate his system, but projecting it proved problematic because of the accurate registration (alignment) of the three separate color elements required for acceptable results. Turner died a year later without having satisfactorily projected the footage. In 2012, curators at the National Media Museum in Bradford, UK, had the original custom-format nitrate film copied to modern black-and-white 35 mm film, which was then scanned into a digital video format by telecine. Finally, digital image processing was used to align and combine each group of three frames into one color image. The result is that the whole world can now view brief motion pictures from 1902 in full color. 
Practical color in the motion picture business began with Kinemacolor, first introduced in 1906. This was a two-color system created in England by George Albert Smith, and promoted by film pioneer Charles Urban's The Charles Urban Trading Company in 1908. It was used for a series of films including the documentary "With Our King and Queen Through India", depicting the Delhi Durbar (also known as "The Durbar at Delhi", 1912), which was filmed in December 1911. The Kinemacolor process consisted of alternating frames of specially sensitized black-and-white film exposed at 32 frames per second through a rotating filter with alternating red and green areas. The film was then printed and projected through the same alternating red and green filter at the same speed. The sense of color was achieved through a combination of separate red and green alternating images and the viewer's persistence of vision. 
William Friese-Greene invented another additive color system called Biocolour, which was developed by his son Claude Friese-Greene after William's death in 1921. William sued George Albert Smith, alleging that the Kinemacolor process infringed on the patents for his Bioschemes, Ltd.; as a result, Smith's patent was revoked in 1914. Both Kinemacolor and Biocolour had problems with "fringing" or "haloing" of the image, due to the separate red and green images not fully matching up.
Dufaycolor additive color film was introduced in 1931. It used a mosaic of tiny RGB color filters between the emulsion and the film base to record and reproduce the color. 
By the nature of the systems, additive color was wasteful of light. Because of the filters used to project the films, more light was required than was typically projected onto the screen, resulting in an image that was dimmer than the average black-and-white image. The larger the screen, the dimmer the picture. For this, and other case-by-case reasons, additive processes for motion pictures grew out of favor about the time of the Second World War, though additive color methods are employed by all the color video and computer display systems in common use today.
Subtractive color.
The first successful subtractive color system began with Kodak's Kodachrome system. Using duplitized film, red and green records were exposed. By bleaching away the silver and replacing it with color dye, a color image was obtained. Kodak's first narrative film with the process was a short subject entitled "Concerning $1000" in 1916.
Kodachrome, however, did not find much use in the commercial market, and the first truly successful subtractive color process was William van Doren Kelley's Prizma, an early color process that was first introduced at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City on 8 February 1917. Prizma began in 1916 as an additive system similar to Kinemacolor.
However, after 1917, Kelley reinvented the process as a subtractive one with several years of short films and travelogues, such as "Everywhere With Prizma" (1919) and "A Prizma Color Visit to Catalina" (1919) before releasing features such as the documentary "Bali the Unknown" (1921), "The Glorious Adventure" (1922), and "Venus of the South Seas" (1924). A Prizma promotional short filmed for Del Monte Foods titled "Sunshine Gatherers" (1921) is available on DVD in Treasures 5 The West 1898–1938 by the National Film Preservation Foundation.
The invention of Prizma led to a series of similarly printed color processes. This bipack color system used two strips of film running through the camera, one recording red, and one recording blue-green light. With the black-and-white negatives being printed onto duplitized film, the color images were then toned red and blue, effectively creating a subtractive color print.
Leon Forrest Douglass (1869–1940), a founder of Victor Records, developed a system he called Naturalcolor, and first showed a short test film made in the process on 15 May 1917 at his home in San Rafael, California. The only feature film known to have been made in this process, "Cupid Angling" (1918) — starring Ruth Roland and with cameo appearances by Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks — was filmed in the Lake Lagunitas area of Marin County, California.
After experimenting with more advanced methods of additive systems (including a camera with two apertures (one with a red filter one with green) from 1915 to 1921, Dr. Herbert Kalmus, Dr. Daniel Comstock, and mechanic W. Burton Wescott (who left the company in 1921) developed the subtractive color system for Technicolor. This system used a beam splitter in a specially modified camera to send red and green light waves to separate black-and-white film negatives. From these negatives, two prints were made on film stock with half the normal base thickness, which were toned accordingly: one red, the other green. They were then cemented together, base-to-base, into a single strip of film. The first film using this process was "Toll of the Sea" (1922) starring Anna May Wong.
Perhaps the most ambitious film made with this process was "The Black Pirate" (1926), starring and produced by Douglas Fairbanks and directed by Albert Parker. The system was refined through the incorporation of dye imbibition, which allowed for the transferring of dyes from both color matrices into a single print, thus avoiding the problems at attaching two prints back-to-back and allowing for multiple prints to be created from a single pair of matrices.
Technicolor's system was extremely popular for a number of years, but it was a very expensive process: shooting cost three times that of black-and-white photography and printing costs were no cheaper. By 1932, general color photography had nearly been abandoned by major studios, until Technicolor developed a new advancement to record all three primary colors. Utilizing a special dichroic beam splitter equipped with two 45-degree prisms in the form of a cube, light from the lens was deflected by the prisms and split into two paths to expose each one of three black-and-white negatives (one each to record the densities for red, green, and blue).
The three negatives were then printed to gelatin matrices, which also completely bleached the image, washing out the silver and leaving only the gelatin record of the image. A receiver print, consisting of a 50% density print of the black-and-white negative for the green record strip, and including the soundtrack, was struck and treated with dye mordants to aid in the imbibition process (this "black" layer was discontinued in the early 1940s). The matrices for each strip were coated with their complementary dye (yellow, cyan, or magenta), and then each successively brought into high-pressure contact with the receiver, which imbibed and held the dyes, which collectively rendered a wider spectrum of color than previous technologies. The first animation film with the three-color (also called three-strip) system was Walt Disney's "Flowers and Trees" (1932), the first short live-action film was "La Cucaracha" (1934), and the first feature was "Becky Sharp" (1935).
There were other subtractive processes, including Gasparcolor, a single-strip 3-color system developed in 1933 by the Hungarian chemist Dr. Bela Gaspar.
The real push for color films and the nearly immediate changeover from black-and-white production to nearly all color film were pushed forward by the prevalence of television in the early 1950s. In 1947, only 12 percent of American films were made in color. By 1954, that number rose to over 50 percent. The rise in color films was also aided by the breakup of Technicolor's near monopoly on the medium.
In 1947, the United States Justice Department filed an antitrust suit against Technicolor for monopolization of color cinematography (even though rival processes such as Cinecolor and Trucolor were in general use). In 1950, a federal court ordered Technicolor to allot a number of its three-strip cameras for use by independent studios and filmmakers. Although this certainly affected Technicolor, its real undoing was the invention of Eastmancolor that same year.
Monopack color film.
For many years, Monopack (capitalized) was a proprietary product of Technicolor Corp, whereas monopack (not capitalized) generically referred to any of several single-strip color film products, certainly including various Eastman Kodak products. It appears that Technicolor made no attempt to register Monopack as a trademark with the US Patent and Trademark Office, although it certainly asserted that term as if it were a registered trademark, and it had the force of a legal agreement between it and Eastman Kodak to backup that assertion. It was a solely-sourced product, too, as Eastman Kodak was legally prevented from marketing any color motion picture film products wider than 16mm, 35mm specifically, until the expiration of the so-called "Monopack Agreement" in 1950. This, notwithstanding the facts that Technicolor never had the capability to manufacture sensitized motion picture films of any kind, nor single-strip color films based upon its so-called "Troland Patent" (which patent Technicolor maintained covered all monopack-type films in general, but monopack-type motion picture films in particular, and which Eastman Kodak elected not contest as Technicolor was then one of its largest customers, if not its largest customer). After 1950, Eastman Kodak was free to develop and market color films of any kind, particularly including monopack color motion picture films in 65/70mm, 35mm, 16mm and 8mm. The "Monopack Agreement" had no effect on color still films.
Modern color film is based on the subtractive color system, which filters colors from white light through dyed or color sensitive layers within a single strip of film. A subtractive color (cyan, magenta, yellow) is what remains when one of the additive primary colors (red, green, blue) has been removed from the spectrum. Eastman Kodak's monopack color film incorporated three separate layers of color sensitive emulsions into one strip of film.
Kodachrome was the first commercially successful application of monopack multilayer film, introduced in 1935. For professional motion picture photography, Kodachrome Commercial, on a 35mm BH-perforated base, was available exclusively from Technicolor, as its so-called "Technicolor Monopack" product. Similarly, for sub-professional motion picture photography, Kodachrome Commercial, on a 16mm base, was available exclusively from Eastman Kodak. In both cases, Eastman Kodak was the sole manufacturer and the sole processor. In the 35mm case, Technicolor dye-transfer printing was a "tie-in" product. In the 16mm case, there were Eastman Kodak duplicating and printing stocks and associated chemistry, not the same as a "tie-in" product. In exceptional cases, Technicolor offered 16mm dye-transfer printing, but this necessitated the exceptionally wasteful process of printing on a 35mm base, only thereafter to be re-perforated and re-slit to 16mm, thereby discarding slightly more than one-half of the end product.
A late modification to the "Monopack Agreement", the "Imbibition Agreement", finally allowed Technicolor to economically manufacture 16mm dye-transfer prints as so-called "double-rank" 35/32mm prints (two 16mm prints on a 35mm base that was originally perforated at the 16mm specification for both halves, and was later re-slit into two 16mm wide prints without the need for re-perforation). This modification also facilitated the early experiments by Eastman Kodak with its negative-positive monopack film, which eventually became Eastmancolor. Essentially, the "Imbibition Agreement" lifted a portion of the "Monopack Agreement's" restrictions on Technicolor (which prevented it from making motion picture products less than 35mm wide) and somewhat related restrictions on Eastman Kodak (which prevented it from experimenting and developing monopack products greater than 16mm wide).
Eastmancolor, introduced in 1950, was Kodak's first economical, single-strip 35 mm negative-positive process incorporated into one strip of film. This rendered Three-Strip color photography relatively obsolete, even though, for the first few years of Eastmancolor, Technicolor continued to offer Three-Strip origination combined with dye-transfer printing (150 titles produced in 1953, 100 titles produced in 1954 and 50 titles produced in 1955, the very last year for Three-Strip). The first commercial feature film to use Eastmancolor was the documentary "Royal Journey", released in December 1951. Hollywood studios waited until an improved version of Eastmancolor negative came out in 1952 before using it, perhaps most notably in "This is Cinerama", which employed three separate and interlocked strips of Eastmancolor negative. "This is Cinerama" was initially printed on Eastmancolor positive, but its significant success eventually resulted in it being reprinted by Technicolor, using dye-transfer.
By 1953, and especially with the introduction of anamorphic wide screen CinemaScope, Eastmancolor became a marketing imperative as CinemaScope was incompatible with Technicolor's Three-Strip camera and lenses. Indeed, Technicolor Corp became one of the best, if not the best, processor of Eastmancolor negative, especially for so-called "wide gauge" negatives (65mm, 8-perf 35mm, 6-perf 35mm), yet it far preferred its own 35mm dye-transfer printing process for Eastmancolor-originated films with a print run that exceeded 500 prints, not withstanding the significant "loss of register" that occurred in such prints that were expanded by CinemaScope's 2X horizontal factor, and, to a lesser extent, with so-called "flat wide screen" (variously 1.66:1 or 1.85:1, but spherical and not anamorphic). This nearly fatal flaw was not corrected until 1955 and caused numerous features initially printed by Technicolor to be scrapped and reprinted by DeLuxe. (These features are often billed as "Color by Technicolor-DeLuxe".) Indeed, some Eastmancolor-originated films billed as "Color by Technicolor" were never actually printed using the dye-transfer process, due in part to the throughput limitations of Technicolor's dye-transfer printing process, and competitor DeLuxe's superior throughput. Incredibly, DeLuxe once had a license to install a Technicolor-type dye-transfer printing line, but as the "loss of register" problems became apparent in Fox's CinemaScope features that were printed by Technicolor, after Fox had become an all-CinemaScope producer, Fox-owned DeLuxe Labs abandoned its plans for dye-transfer printing and became, and remained, an all-Eastmancolor shop, as Technicolor itself later became.
Technicolor continued to offer its proprietary imbibition dye-transfer printing process for projection prints until 1975, and even briefly revived it in 1998. As an archival format, Technicolor prints are one of the most stable color print processes yet created, and prints properly cared for are estimated to retain their color for centuries. With the introduction of Eastmancolor low-fade positive print (LPP) films, properly stored (at 45 °F or 7 °C and 25 percent relative humidity) monopack color film is expected to last, with no fading, a comparative amount of time. Improperly stored monopack color film from before 1983 can incur a 30 percent image loss in as little as 25 years.
How modern color film works.
Modern color film is made up of many different layers that work together to create the color image. Color negative films provide three main color layers: the blue record, green record, and red record; each made up of two separate layers containing silver halide crystals and dye-couplers. A cross-sectional representation of a piece of developed color negative film is shown in the figure at the right. Each layer of the film is so thin that the composite of all layers, in addition to the triacetate base and antihalation backing, is less than 0.0003" (8 µm) thick.
The three color records are stacked as shown at right, with a UV filter on top to keep the non-visible ultraviolet radiation from exposing the silver-halide crystals, which are naturally sensitive to UV light. Next are the fast and slow blue-sensitive layers, which, when developed, form the latent image. When the exposed silver-halide crystal is developed, it is coupled with a dye grain of its complementary color. This forms a dye "cloud" (like a drop of water on a paper towel) and is limited in its growth by development-inhibitor-releasing (DIR) couplers, which also serve to refine the sharpness of the processed image by limiting the size of the dye clouds. The dye clouds formed in the blue layer are actually yellow (the opposite or complementary color to blue). There are two layers to each color; a "fast" and a "slow." The fast layer features larger grains that are more sensitive to light than the slow layer, which has finer grain and is less sensitive to light. Silver-halide crystals are naturally sensitive to blue light, so the blue layers are on the top of the film and they are followed immediately by a yellow filter, which stops any more blue light from passing through to the green and red layers and biasing those crystals with extra blue exposure. Next are the red-sensitive record (which forms cyan dyes when developed); and, at the bottom, the green-sensitive record, which forms magenta dyes when developed. Each color is separated by a gelatin layer that prevents silver development in one record from causing unwanted dye formation in another. The bottom of the whole stack (film base) is an anti-halation layer that prevents bright light from reflecting off the clear base of the film and passing back through the negative to double-expose the crystals and create halos of light around bright spots. In color film, this backing is rem-jet, which is a black-pigmented, non-gelatin layer on the back of the film base and is removed in the developing process.
Eastman Kodak manufactures film in 54-inch (1,372 mm) wide rolls. These rolls are then slit into various sizes (70 mm, 65 mm, 35 mm, 16 mm) as needed.
Modern manufacturers of color film for motion picture use.
Motion picture film, primarily because of the rem-jet backing, requires different processing than standard C-41 process color film. The process necessary is ECN-2, which has an initial step using an alkaline bath to remove the backing layer. There are also minor differences in the remainder of the process. If motion picture negative is run through a standard C-41 color film developer bath, the rem-jet backing partially dissolves and destroys the integrity of the developer and, potentially, ruins the film. Eastman Kodak and Fujifilm are the remaining major manufacturers of color motion picture film.
Kodak color motion picture films.
In the late 1980s, Kodak introduced the T-Grain emulsion, a technological advancement in the shape and make-up of silver halide grains in their films. T-Grain is a tabular silver halide grain that allows for greater overall surface area, resulting in greater light sensitivity with a relatively small grain and a more uniform shape that results in a less overall graininess to the film. This made for sharper and more sensitive films. The T-Grain technology was first employed in Kodak's EXR line of motion picture color negative stocks. This was further refined in 1996 with the Vision line of emulsions, followed by Vision2 in the early 2000s and Vision3 in 2007.
Fuji color motion picture films.
Fuji films also integrate tabular grains in their SUFG (Super Unified Fine Grain) films. In their case, the SUFG grain is not only tabular, it is hexagonal and consistent in shape throughout the emulsion layers. Like the T-grain, it has a larger surface area in a smaller grain (about one-third the size of traditional grain) for the same light sensitivity. In 2005, Fuji unveiled their Eterna 500T stock, the first in a new line of advanced emulsions, with Super Nano-structure Σ Grain Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="5871203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871203" title="Dömitz">
Dömitz

Dömitz () is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on the right bank of the Elbe, 25 km southwest of Ludwigslust, and 37 km northwest of Wittenberge.
It was granted town rights by the counts of Dannenberg in the 13th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5871206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871206" title="Duchy of Franconia">
Duchy of Franconia

The Duchy of Franconia was one of the stem-duchies of medieval Germany. The word Franconia, first used in a Latin charter of 1053, was applied like the words France, Francia and Franken, to a portion of the land occupied by the Franks. Franconia (or "Francony") was at first a part of the core Frankish realm of Austrasia ("Eastern Francia") and got its form when the rest of Austrasia became a new realm called Lotharingia. It stretched along the valley of the Main from the Rhine to Bohemia, and was bordered on the north by Saxony and Thuringia, and on the south by Swabia and Bavaria. It included a district around Mainz, Speyer and Worms, on the left bank of the Rhine.
Geography.
The duchy evolved during the decline of the Carolingian dynasty in the areas of present-day Bavarian Franconia, southern Thuringia, Hesse (including Rhenish Hesse), the Palatinate and northern Baden-Württemberg (i.e. Rhine-Neckar and Heilbronn-Franken). Located in the centre of what was to become the German kingdom, it bordered the stem duchy of Saxony in the north, Austrasian Lorraine (Upper and Lower Lorraine) in the west, Swabia in the south and Bavaria in the southeast.
History.
Unlike the other stem duchies, Franconia did not evolve into a stable political entity, though the local Salian counts held large estates in the western parts (Rhenish Franconia). In 906 the Conradine relative Count Conrad the Younger in the Lahngau is mentioned as a "dux Franconiae". Upon the extinction of the East Frankish Carolingians in 911, he was elected the first German king (as Conrad I, "Rex Francorum" according to Salic law) and was succeeded as Franconian duke by his younger brother Eberhard. However, the Conradines did not prevail against the rising Saxon Ottonians: In 919 Duke Henry of Saxony succeeded Conrad as German king and the Franconian stem duchy was seized by Henry's son King Otto I of Germany after an unsuccessful revolt of Duke Eberhard was shattered at the 939 Battle of Andernach. King Otto did not appoint a new duke of Franconia, and the duchy was fragmented into several counties and bishoprics, which reported to the German kings directly.
The Salian counts in Rhenish Franconia were sometimes mentioned as Franconian dukes and they became Germany's royal and imperial dynasty in 1024. In 1093 their Franconian territories were granted as a fief to the palatine count of Aachen, which would evolve into the important German principality of Electoral Palatinate ("Kurpfalz"). With the advancement of Count Conrad the Red, Rhenish Franconia became the heartland of the Salian dynasty, which provided four emperors in the 11th and 12th centuries: Conrad II, Henry III, Henry IV, and Henry V. It contained the cities of Mainz, Speyer and Worms, the latter two being the administrative centres of countships within the hands of the Salian descendants of Conrad the Red. These counts were sometimes referred to as the Dukes of Franconia.
Emperor Conrad II was last to bear the ducal title. When he died in 1039, Rhenish Franconia was governed as a constellation of small states, like the cities of Frankfurt, Speyer and Worms, the Prince-bishoprics of Mainz, Speyer, and Worms, as well as the Landgraviate of Hesse, then part of Thuringia. Alongside these powerful entities were many smaller, petty states.
In 1093, Emperor Henry IV gave the Salian territories in Rhenish Franconia as a fief to Henry of Laach, the Count palatine of Lower Lorraine at Aachen. His lands would evolve into the important principality of Electoral Palatinate. While Emperor Frederick Barbarossa in 1168 granted the ducal title to the Prince-Bishops of Würzburg in Eastern Franconia, Rhenish Franconia was divided and extinguished. Its territories became part of the Imperial Upper Rhenish Circle in 1500.
Dukes.
The ducal title was held by the German kings and Holy Roman Emperors until the death of Emperor Conrad II in 1039. It was later claimed by the Prince-Bishops of Würzburg. Though in 1116 the Salian emperor Henry V once again vested Conrad of Hohenstaufen with the ducal dignity, Conrad's nephew Emperor Frederick Barbarossa finally received the rights from the Würzburg bishops in 1168. The bishops however continued to pretend their claim to the duchy until the bishopric was secularized in 1803 and absorbed into the Electorate of Bavaria. When the Grand Duchy of Würzburg, the Archbishopric of Mainz and most other parts of Franconia became part of the Kingdom of Bavaria in 1814, the kings assumed the ducal title. 

</doc>
<doc id="5871225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871225" title="LightLife">
LightLife

LightLife Foods is a company that produces vegetarian and vegan meat substitutes. Lightlife is based in Turners Falls, Massachusetts, and was established in 1979. Brynwood Partners acquired the company from ConAgra Foods in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5871230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871230" title="Tagore (film)">
Tagore (film)

Tagore is a 2003 Telugu film directed by V.V. Vinayak. Chiranjeevi, Jyothika and Shriya Saran play the lead roles. The film was screened at the International Indian Film Academy Awards, along with "Pokiri". "Tagore" was a remake of the 2002 Tamil film "Ramana" directed by A. R. Murugadoss with Vijayakanth in the lead.
Plot.
Tagore (Chiranjeevi) creates his own military vigilante network called the Anti-Corruption Force (ACF) that eliminates the most corrupt individuals from all walks of life in a systematic manner. As pressure builds on Police and Government to track down the man who masterminds these killings, Balbir Singh (Puneet Issar) is specially summoned to head the task. He is aided by Suryam (Prakash Raj) who, though being just a constable in the mammoth Police force, is compelled by his instincts to see through the underlying design. Together they unravel the mystery and unveil the phenomenon called Tagore, but not before Badrinarayana (Sayaji Shinde), the human face of evil, finds out that his revelry in the belief of Tagore’s death was a mistake he can never make amends for.
Box Office.
The film opened in 605 screens and collected a distributors' share of Rs. 95 million in its opening week. It collected Rs. 150.4 million in 2 weeks and Rs 22.35 crores in its full run. The film had a 50-day run in 253 centres and a 100-day run in 191 centres.
DVD.
The DVD of "Tagore" was released by KAD Entertainment with exclusive interviews.

</doc>
<doc id="5871233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871233" title="Dommitzsch">
Dommitzsch

Dommitzsch is a town in the district Nordsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany and is Saxony's northmost city. It lies on the left bank of the Elbe, 12 km northwest of Torgau and 31 km southeast of Wittenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="5871244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871244" title="Washington wine">
Washington wine

Washington wine is wine produced from grape varieties grown in the U.S. state of Washington. Washington ranks second in the United States in the production of wine, behind only California. By 2011, the state had over of vineyards, a harvest of of grapes, and exports going to over 40 countries around the world from the 740+ wineries located in the state. While there are some viticultural activities in the cooler, wetter western half of the state, the majority (99.9%) of wine grape production takes place in the shrub-steppe eastern half. The rain shadow of the Cascade Range leaves the Columbia River Basin with around of annual rain fall, making irrigation and water rights of paramount interest to the Washington wine industry. Viticulture in the state is also influenced by long sunlight hours (on average, two more hours a day than in California during the growing season) and consistent temperatures.
The early history of the Washington wine industry can be traced to the introduction of Cinsault grapes by Italian immigrants to the Walla Walla region. In the 1950s and 1960s, the precursors of the state's biggest wineries (Chateau Ste Michelle and Columbia Winery) were founded. Throughout the rest of the 20th century, the wine world discovered a new aspect of Washington wines with each passing decade - starting with Rieslings and Chardonnays in the 1970s, the Merlot craze of the 1980s and the emergence of Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah in the 1990s. Washington has twelve federally defined American Viticultural Areas with all but one located in Eastern Washington. The largest AVA is the Columbia Valley AVA, which extends into a small portion of northern Oregon and encompasses most of the other Washington AVAs. These include the Walla Walla Valley AVA, the Horse Heaven Hills AVA, the Wahluke Slope AVA, Lake Chelan AVA, Naches Heights AVA, and the Yakima Valley AVA, which in turn also encompasses the Rattlesnake Hills AVA, Snipes Mountain AVA and the Red Mountain AVA. The Columbia Gorge AVA is west of the Columbia Valley AVA. Washington's only AVA located west of the Cascades is the Puget Sound AVA. The Ancient Lakes wine-growing region is currently seeking federal AVA status.
History.
The earliest grape vines planted in Washington State were at Fort Vancouver in 1825 by traders working for the Hudson's Bay Company but it is not known for sure whether wine was ever produced from these plantings. The first people who were definitely known to produce wine were German and Italian immigrants who planted their wine grapes in Washington during the 1860s and 1870s. Washington was one of the first states to usher in the start of Prohibition, going dry in 1917 and shutting down most of the state's wine production. Some scattered grape growers stayed afloat during this period selling grapes to home winemakers but nearly all the state's commercial wines went out of business. Following the end of Prohibition, Washington's fledgling wine industry was based primarily on fortified sweet wine production made from the "Vitis Labrusca" variety Concord. The Nawico and Pommerelle wineries were the most widely recognized producers, making millions of gallons each year of sweet jug wine made from Concord and other varieties. In the 1950s, the planting of "Vitis vinifera" saw an increase spearheaded, in part, by the work of Dr. Walter Clore and Washington State University which conducted a series of trials on which grape vines could produce the best wine in various soils and climates of Washington.
The roots of the modern Washington wine industry can be traced to the middle of the 20th century when a group of professors from the University of Washington turned their home winemaking operation into a commercial endeavor and founded Associated Vintners (later renamed Columbia Winery) and focused on producing premium wines. The Nawico and Pommerelle wineries were merged into a new winery that would eventually become Chateau Ste Michelle. With the hiring of Andre Tchelistcheff as a consultant, Chateau Ste Michelle and Associated Vintners became the driving force in premium wine production for the early modern Washington wine industry.Grenache was one of the first Vitis vinifera grapes to be successfully vinified with a 1966 Yakima Valley "rosé" earning mention in wine historian Leon Adams's treatise "The Wines of America". The 1970s ushered in a period of expansion, with early vineyards being planted in the Columbia Gorge, Walla Walla and Red Mountain areas. The 1978 Leonetti Cellars Cabernet Sauvignon was featured on the cover of a national wine publication and touted as the best Cabernet of vintage. The 1980s saw further expansion with the opening of large-scale family-owned wineries such as Woodward Canyon, L'Ecole N°41, Barnard Griffin and Hogue Cellars that soon won many awards from both national and international wine competitions. In 1988, Chateau Ste Michelle was named "Best American Winery" and in 1989 five Washington wines made Wine Spectator's "Top 100 list" for the first time.
Following the broadcast in 1991 of the "60 Minutes" episode on the so-called "French Paradox", American consumption of red wine dramatically increased. The grape variety Merlot, in particular, proved to be very popular among consumers. The Washington Wine Commission made the marketing of the state's a focus, putting Washington in prime position to capitalize on the new "Merlot craze". Plantings of the varietal increased more than fivefold and Washington Merlots were featured prominently on restaurant wine lists across the country. From there producers went on to experiment with success on varieties and blends as the Washington Wine industry steadily grew. By the beginning of the 21st century, the wine industry was generating more than 2.4 billion dollars annually for the state with wine grape being the fourth most important fruit crop in the state—behind apples, pears and cherries. By 2007 the state had certified its 500th winery. In early 2009, the state's 600th winery opened.
Geography and climate.
The Cascade Mountain range is a defining feature in both the geography and climate of Washington state. It serves as a dividing line between the wet, marine influenced climate of the western part of the state from the drier, desert-like climate of the eastern half. The mountains themselves create a rain shadow over the eastern half by blocking weather fronts holding precipitation from carrying over the mountains and descending onto the Columbia River Basin. This creates the arid desert-like conditions with a more continental climate in Eastern Washington and heightens the roles of rivers—most notably the Walla Walla, Yakima, Snake and Columbia River—in the region's viticulture. In addition to providing vital irrigation sources, the rivers also help to moderate temperatures during the winter which is prone to severe frost and freeze coming from the Arctic. In winter, overnight temperatures in the wine growing regions of Eastern Washington can drop to as low as . The sudden drop to these sub-zero temperatures can make the water in a vine's wood canopy quickly freeze which can cause the vine to literally burst open. The severity of these conditions can wreak havoc on a year's harvest, as was the case in the Walla Walla AVA with the big winter freezes of 1996 and 2003.
The geological history of the state can be traced to the movement of glaciers along the edge of the Pacific Northwestern section of the North American Plate that retreated from the area over 16,000 years ago, leaving behind a free-draining gravel bed up to deep in some places. The Great Missoula Floods at the end of Ice Age created much of the Columbia River basin and brought soil deposits to the region from as far away as modern day Montana. These floods released a torrential wave of water (nearly equal to the amount of water in Lake Ontario and Lake Erie combined) traveling more than and high across the Columbia Plateau. These floods carved out the geographical landscape of the region, creating coulees and gravel bars as well as depositing layers of gravels, sands and silt that would eventually mix with loess and volcanic dust.
Today the topsoil found throughout the Columbia Valley is mostly sandy and stone-studded on top of basalt-based soil foundation created by persistent lava. These sandy loam vineyard soils create a nearly inhospitable environment for the phylloxera louse, which may be one of the reasons why the phylloxera epidemic has not ravaged the Washington wine industry as it has the Californian and French wine industries in the past. The state's northerly location above the 46th parallel north allows Washington's major wine growing regions to experience 17 hours of sunlight in the summer—two more hours of sunlight during the peak of growing season than what California sees further south. During the growing season Eastern Washington experiences a wide diurnal temperature variation (up to 40 °F (4.4 °C) difference between daytime highs and nighttime lows) which allows the fruit to fully ripen while the cool nights help the vines to shut down, allowing the grape to maintain natural levels of acidity.
Viticulture.
Viticulture in Washington State is deeply influenced by the use of irrigation and the water rights associated with suitable vineyard land. Sourced from the major rivers that run through the area, most vineyards in Eastern Washington are irrigated though some vineyards (especially in the slightly wetter Walla Walla Valley near the Blue Mountains), but some have begun experimenting with dry farming. The ever present threat of severe winter frost has influenced viticultural practices including the adoption of wind turbines to churn and circulate air in the vineyard. In the late 20th century, many producers began adapting Russian vine-training techniques for fan-training which promotes better air circulation among the vine so cold air doesn't settle on the vine. Due to the minimal risk exposure to phylloxera, some producers have opted to leave their vines ungrafted on its original rootstock since an exposed graft union is more vulnerable to frost damage. One benefit of the traditionally cold winters is that the grapevines are allowed to go into full dormancy, which allows the vines to shut down and conserve energy that will be vital at the beginning of the new growth cycle for the vine. The threat of freezing condition is the main viticultural hazard that vine growers need to concern themselves with since the lack of rainfall during the summer and autumn contribute to the dry, arid conditions that allows most of Washington vineyards to be relatively disease free.
Until recently, there has been very little clonal diversity among the grape varieties grown in Washington. This has led to some critics, such as Hugh Johnson, noting a monotone tendency in some Washington wines that limit their quality and subtlety. Along with many other New World wine regions, viticulture in Washington is highly mechanized with nearly 80% of each years harvest being mechanically harvested. To accommodate the machine harvest, vineyard rows are widely spaced and usually trained in bilateral cordons. Harvest typically takes place from late September till the end of October.
Irrigation.
While the use of irrigation is disparaged or even prohibited in many premium wine producing regions, its use in Washington is absolutely vital and is a major asset in quality wine production. The average vineyard in Eastern Washington receives approximately in anuual rainfall, most of it during the winter months. Without irrigation, agriculture in the region would not be possible. Compared to other wine regions that do not need or practice irrigation, a vineyard manager in Washington State has more control over the potential quality of the grapes. Utilizing drip irrigation and controlling the amount of water the vines receive and wine allows the grower to limit the amount of vigor (and thus yields) of vine and leverage water stress to produce more concentrated flavors and phenolic compounds in the grape. Growers will often withhold water early in the growing season to control the leaf canopy, which can have a beneficial business aspect by saving money compared to using costly viticultural chores such as sucker pruning, leaf striping and mildew treatment to control and tend to the leaf canopy. Applying a controlled amount of water during the ripening period following "veraison" encourages the grapes to ripen faster without a reductive loss in quality. One additional benefit of irrigation is frost protection. Following harvest, growers will soak the soil of the vineyard to moisten the soil down to two feet. As temperatures drop, this water can form a protective layer of ice that will give the vine an few extra degrees of protection from freezing temperature that may damage the roots.
Wine regions.
Geographically and viticulturally, Washington is divided into sections separated by the Cascade Mountain chain. The cooler, wetter Western Washington which includes the population centers of Seattle, Tacoma and Olympia is responsible for less than 1% of the state's wine production and is home to one American Viticultural Area (AVA)-the Puget Sound AVA. However, many wineries such as Chateau Ste Michelle, Andrew Will, Quilceda Creek and those located in Woodinville wine country have production facilities and tasting rooms in Western Washington. Seattle also has several urban wineries such as Willridge Winery. These wineries will often own or buy from vineyards in Eastern Washington and have the grapes trucked over the mountains to their facility. The warmer, drier eastern part of the state is home to the vast Columbia Valley which extends south into Oregon. The Columbia Valley AVA is further divided into several smaller AVAs including Yakima Valley, Walla Walla Valley, Red Mountain, Wahluke Slope, Horse Heaven Hills, Rattlesnake Hills and Snipes Mountain. To the north in the larger Columbia Valley AVA is the Lake Chelan AVA and two pending AVAs (the Ancient Lakes AVA in the north central part of the state and one around Wenatchee on the Columbia River). On the westernmost side of the Columbia Valley in central Washington is the newest AVA, Naches Heights. West of the Columbia Valley is the Columbia Gorge AVA which, along with the Walla Walla AVA, is also shared with Oregon.
Columbia Valley AVA.
The large Columbia Valley AVA, established in 1984, covers more than a third of the state and crosses over the border into Oregon. Within this large AVA are several smaller AVAs including the Horse Heaven Hills, Rattlesnake Hills, Red Mountain, Snipes Mountain, Wahluke Slope, Walla Walla and Yakima Valley AVAs. Of the region's 11.5 million acres (4.65 million hectares), only were planted as of 2008. The boundaries of the AVA extend south from the Okanagan wilderness and include most of the Columbia River Basin extending east along the Snake River to the Idaho border. Many of the Columbia Valley's vineyards are planted along a broad, semi-arid plateau at altitudes of 1,000-2,000 feet (300–600 meters). The climate of the Columbia is continental, like most of Eastern Washington, though a wide range of microclimates exist. The area sees anywhere from 1,240 to 1,440 degree days Celsius with most of these microclimates falling into classifications of Regions I and II on the Winkler scale of heat summation. On average the Columbia Valley sees over 300 cloudless days per year and experiences no more than of rainfall.
The Horse Heaven Hills AVA was established in 2005 and is home of some of the state's largest and oldest vineyards. Of the region's , nearly were planted as of 2008. The boundaries of the AVA follow its namesake hills to the north which forms the southern border of the Yakima Valley and extends southward to the Columbia River. In 1972, the first vineyard planted in this region was called Mercer Ranch. Now known as Champoux Vineyard, it is one of the most prestigious and sought after grapes in the state with it name appearing on several vineyard designated wines. The vineyard is also home to some of the oldest Cabernet Sauvignon vines in the country. Many of the best vineyards are planted along the right bank of the Columbia River, though some areas are prone to exposure to winds in excess of at which point vines are at risk of shutting down metabolically, thereby hindering the ripening process. However the wind also serves to toughen grape skins, which can moderate temperatures, increase phenols, and keep the vine's canopy dry which aids in disease control.
The Wahluke Slope AVA was established in 2006 and produces, on average, around 20% of the state's wine grapes. Of the region's , nearly were planted as of 2008. Located among the foothills south of the Saddle Mountains, the Wahluke Slope is one of the warmest and driest regions in the state. The Columbia River forms the western and southern boundaries of the AVA with the Hanford Reach National Monument bordering the appellation on the east. The vintage characteristics of Wahluke slope are very consistent year to year due to the area's reliably dry, warm climate and uniform coarse gravelly sand soils that drain water well. More than three-quarters of the area's production is in red wine grapes—particularly Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. As of 2007, more than 50 wineries purchased grapes from the Wahluke Slope, with many of them featuring the AVA or one of its 20 vineyards on wine labels.
In April 2009 the Lake Chelan AVA, located around Lake Chelan in the Columbia Valley was approved as an American Viticultural Area. The Columbia Valley may be further divided regions near Leavenworth, the Wenatchee Valley and along the eastern foothills of the Cascade Mountains (in a region collectively called the Columbia Cascades) expected to seek federally designation.
Yakima Valley AVA.
The Yakima Valley AVA was established in 1983 and is the oldest agricultural region in the state. The third largest AVA, the area is responsible for more than 40% of the state's entire wine production. Located within the larger Columbia Valley AVA, the Yakima Valley AVA is further sub-divided into the smaller Red Mountain, Snipes Mountain and Rattlesnake Hills AVAs Of the region's , nearly were planted as of 2008. Within the larger AVA are vineyards planted in some of the coolest regions in Eastern Washington including Boushey Vineyard. The boundaries of the AVA are framed from the foothills of the Cascade Mountains to the west and follows the path of the Yakima Valley to Red Mountain which shapes its eastern border. The Rattlesnake Hills and Horse Heaven Hills frame the AVA to the north and south, respectively. The Yakima Valley is home to the state's highest concentration of wineries.
The Red Mountain AVA was established in 2001 and is the second smallest wine region in Washington next to Naches Heights. Of the region's , nearly were planted as of 2008. The vast majority of the AVA is composed of gentle slope made up of sandy loam soil with high calcium content. The area has good air drainage with full southern exposure which allows the wine grapes to maintain increased acidity levels and attain optimal ripeness. In recent years Red Mountain has seen increased interest in the quality of its Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Syrah and Sangiovese. The soils of Red Mountain are low in nutrients with high pH levels. This limits the vigor of the vine producing low yields, small canopy and grape berry sizes 50-60% smaller than the varietal norm. Despite having a reputation as Washington's most prestigious and highly sought after AVA, growth in the Red Mountain area was limited by lack of available water rights and needed to establish irrigation. In 2005, the Washington Department of Natural Resources released water rights for of land suitable for vineyard development. The new developments are expected to increase the profile of the AVA.
The Rattlesnake Hills AVA was established in 2006 amidst some controversy about whether the "terroir" of the region was sufficiently different from that of the greater Yakima Valley AVA. Of the region's , nearly were planted as of 2008. The appellation covers the northern expanse of the Yakima Valley and features the highest elevation in the valley ranging from to . Regional temperatures are moderate during the peak growing season but are significantly warmer in winter when compared to other parts of the Columbia Valley (an average of 8-10 degrees Fahrenheit), limiting the frost danger in the appellation.
The Snipes Mountain AVA was established in 2009. At , it is one of Washington's smaller wine regions. The viticultural area is located on Snipes Mountain, a long anticline ridge that rises from the floor of the Lower Yakima Valley with comparatively unique, rocky soils, called aridisols. The viticultural area also includes Harrison Hill, which lies contiguously east of Snipes Mountain and has similar soil and topography.
Walla Walla AVA.
The Walla Walla AVA was established in 1984 with its boundaries amended in 2001. Mostly contained within Washington, a portion of this appellation does extend south into Oregon. Of the region's , nearly were planted as of 2008. Along with its wine, Walla Walla is known for its sweet onions, which is a local food and wine pairing favorite, especially the Merlot grown within the appellation. The region is generally wetter than the rest of the Columbia Valley, receiving more than 20 inches (50 centimeter) of rain on average each year. The area between the town of Walla Walla east to the Blue Mountains is the wettest with each mile from the city eastward to the mountains seeing an addition inch of average rainfall. The Walla Walla AVA contains at least four distinct soil profiles scattered across the valley-slackwater terrace, loess, river gravel and flood plain silt. The majority of Walla Walla's vineyards are located on a combination of slackwater terrace and loess. The silt and volcanic ash that make up the region's loess soils contain remnants from the eruption of Mount Mazama (which also formed the Crater Lake nearly away in Oregon).
Other regions.
The Columbia Gorge AVA was established in 2004. Of the region's , nearly were planted as of 2008. Similar to the Columbia Valley and Walla Walla AVAs, this appellation also crosses over the southern Washington border into Oregon where Pinot noir and Pinot gris are grown. Located along the Columbia River where it bisects the Cascade Range, parts of the AVA fall within a wind tunnel that is a popular tourist destination for wind surfing but can be too fierce for viticulture. Most of the vineyards planted on the Washington side of the appellation are located on southward facing slopes along the river where they can receive some protection from the winds. Depending upon the elevation, vineyards in the Columbia Gorge AVA receive anywhere from 18-30 inches (46-76 centimeters) of rain annually.
The Puget Sound AVA is the only wine-growing region located in Western Washington. Of the region's 4.75 million acres (1.9 million hectare), only were planted as of 2008-mostly to cool weather varieties like Madeleine Angevine, Chardonnay, Pinot gris, Pinot noir and Siegerrebe. Granted AVA status in 1995, the appellation extends from the foothills of the Cascades to the Olympic Peninsula and islands located in Puget Sound. The climate is greatly affected by the marine influences of nearby Puget Sound and the Pacific Ocean which contributes to mild temperatures, wet winters and dry summers—all of which make it ideal for some cool climate grape varieties. The region experiences more sunshine than Bordeaux and is drier in average precipitation than Burgundy.
Grape varieties.
The early Washington wine industry focused predominately on white wines but in recent years, led by the "Merlot-craze" of the 1990s have shifted the focus to the state's red wines. Chardonnay also experienced a surge of interest in the 1990s and along with Riesling are among the most widely planted grape varieties in the state. While the acreage of Riesling has been steadily declining, there has been renewed interest in the grape in recent years that has been bolstered by the joint Eroica venture between Chateau Ste Michelle and German winemaker Ernst Loosen and the investment by Bonny Doon founder's Randall Grahm to open a winery focused solely on Riesling production. Experts like Jancis Robinson have noted that Washington state consistently produces white wines of exceptional quality, specifically mentioning those of the Semillon variety. Merlot was one of the first major "vinifera" varieties to garner international attention for the state with its distinctive earthiness and structure that can be very different from the softer, plusher styles found in California. However the Merlot vine is very sensitive to frost and after significant damages during major winter freezes in 1996 & 2003, more vintners turned their attention to the hardier Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc. This led to interest in Bordeaux-style blends. In the early 21st century, Syrah has emerged on the scene as a major player.
Today there are over 80 grape varieties grown in Washington state, but the primary grapes used in the production of wine are from the "Vitis vinifera" family of grapes. The main grapes used in wine production in Washington are Cabernet Sauvignon, Riesling, Chardonnay, Merlot, and Syrah. There are also plantings of Cabernet Franc, Grenache, Malbec, Pinot gris, Sauvignon blanc, Semillon, Tempranillo, Viognier, Barbera, Chenin blanc, Gewürztraminer, Nebbiolo, Petite Sirah, Pinot noir, Sangiovese, and Zinfandel. Vineyard acreage dedicated to red varieties was in 2006. The four most prevalent red varieties were Cabernet Sauvignon at , Merlot at , Syrah at , and Cabernet Franc at . Vineyard acreage planted to white varieties was . The four most prevalent white varieties were Chardonnay at , Riesling at , Sauvignon blanc at , and Gewürztraminer at .
Washington State is also home to plantings of some lesser known "Vitis vinifera" varieties that are used in wine production for some experimental wines and blending. These include Abouriou, Alicante Bouschet, Aligoté, Auxerrois, Black Cornichon, Black Monukka, Black Muscat, Black Prince, Blauer Portugieser, Calzin, Carignane, Chasselas, Chauche gris, Clevner Mariafeld, Colombard, Csaba, Ehrenfelser, Feher Szagos, Gamay, Green Hungarian, Lemberger, Madeleine Angevine, Madeleine Sylvaner, Melon de Bourgogne, Mission, Morio Muscat, Muller-Thurgau, Muscat of Alexandria, Muscat Canelli, Muscat Ottonel, Palomino, Petite Verdot, Pinot blanc, Pinot Meunier, Pirovano, Rkatsiteli, Rose of Peru, Salvador, Sauvignon vert, Scheurebe, Siegerrebe, Sylvaner, Trollinger, and Trousseau. Some notable French hybrid grapes used in wine production include Aurore and Baco noir.
Wines.
The wines of Washington State are often characterized by their bright fruit flavors and crisp acidity. In recent years, the state's red wines have leaned towards riper, more fruit forward flavors, noticeable tannins and oak influence with moderately high alcohol levels. Wine experts such as Jancis Robinson and Hugh Johnson have described quality examples of Washington wines to exhibit fresh acidity, deep coloring, with bright, intense fruit flavors that can usually age in the bottle for at least 8 years before the fruit structure starts to fade. Karen MacNeil notes that the red wines of Washington, especially the Cabernets and Merlots, often exhibited lush texture with very concentrated berry flavors reminiscent of the wild fruit found in the Pacific Northwest such as blackberries, boysenberries, cherries and raspberries. The state is often described as combing New World fruit with Old World style. Paul Gregutt, wine writer for "The Seattle Times" and "Wine Enthusiast" describes Washington wines as maintaining strong purity and typicity of varietal flavors with firm, ripe tannins and bright acidity. Gregutt says Washington wines have the potential to combine the structure and polish of French wines with the ripeness and fruit of California wines.
Washington produces a full spectrum of wines ranging from mass-produced to premium boutique wines. It also produces nearly every style of wine including rosé, sparkling, fruit, fortified, still and late harvest dessert wines afflicted with "Botrytis cinerea". Some years can even produce favorable conditions for ice wine production. In 2006, "The Wine Advocate" gave two perfect scores of 100 points for Cabernet Sauvignon wines made by Quilceda Creek Vintners using grapes from several Washington AVAs. Only 15 other American wines have ever been scored so highly by "The Wine Advocate", all from California. Chateau Ste Michelle Wine Estates (which owns the original Chateau Ste Michelle label as well as several others) is the largest producer in the state, owning more than a third of all vineyard land in Washington.
Challenges in the consumer market.
In his book "Washington Wines and Wineries: The Essential Guide", Paul Gregutt, a wine writer for "The Seattle Times" and "Wine Enthusiast", found that there is a common perception that Washington does not excel with any particular flagship variety or blend, as is common in most of the world's notable wine regions such as Napa Valley with Cabernet Sauvignon, the Mosel with Riesling, Australia with Shiraz, Chablis with Chardonnay and Pomerol with Merlot-based blends. There is also a perception that Washington wines are more expensive than other New World wine regions despite the fact that the state's two largest producers (Chateau Ste Michelle & Columbia Crest) focus primarily on value wine production. This may be partly due, as Gregutt noted, to the fact that many consumers think that Chateau Ste Michelle and Columbia Crest are California wine producers. While some wineries in Washington are large corporate run businesses, many Washington wineries are small family run businesses, with production often less than 25,000 gallons per year. Smaller wineries typically sell much or even a majority of their production direct to consumers through tasting rooms.
Despite producing significantly more wine than neighboring Oregon, Washington wine lags far behind in consumer recognition among the general wine market. Wine experts such as Tom Stevenson speculate that this is because the wine industry in Oregon is uniquely associated with one main varietal--Pinot noir—while Washington has yet to shape an identity around any particular varietal or blend but instead aims to succeed in producing many varietals and blends of high quality. The similarity between the name of the state and the capital of the United States-Washington DC-may also contribute to the wine industry's lower profile. Master of Wine Bob Betz, who represented Chateau Ste Michelle for 28 years as an educator and now makes wine under his own label, noted that often in his travels internationally and across the United States he would get asked "which side of the Potomac?" that Washington wine grapes were grown on. According to Betz, a significant challenge to the Washington wine industry is increasing consumer awareness and name recognition of the state's AVAs that appear on wine labels. There are 12 AVA's in Washington State.

</doc>
<doc id="5871246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871246" title="Pagan Publishing">
Pagan Publishing

Pagan Publishing is a role-playing game publishing company founded by John Tynes in 1990. It began by publishing a "Call of Cthulhu" role-playing game fanzine, "The Unspeakable Oath". In 1994, the company moved from Columbia, Missouri to Seattle, Washington where it incorporated. The staff at this time included John Tynes as editor-in-chief, John H. Crowe III as business manager, Dennis Detwiller as art director, and Brian Appleton and Chris Klepac as editors. Tynes, Detwiller and Adam Scott Glancy released the "Delta Green" modern "Call of Cthulhu" campaign setting in 1996. Pagan has released many other "Call of Cthulhu" products, including a foray into card games with "Creatures & Cultists" and miniature games with "The Hills Rise Wild!".
Pagan is currently based in Seattle, Washington and comprises Adam Scott Glancy as business manager and John H. Crowe III and Brian Appleton as editors. It continues to occasionally produce "Call of Cthulhu" books as well as non-gaming fiction and non-fiction under the Armitage House imprint.

</doc>
<doc id="5871247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871247" title="Actavis">
Actavis

Actavis plc New York Stock Exchange is a global, integrated specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing, manufacturing, and commercializing generic, brandee pharmaceutical and biosimilar products. The Company has global headquarters in Dublin, Ireland and administrative headquarters in Parsippany-Troy Hills, New Jersey, United States.
Actavis is the world's third-largest generics prescription drug manufacturer. The Company develops, manufactures and markets generic, branded generic, and Over-the-Counter (OTC) products in more than 60 countries. The Company is ranked in the top 3 in 12 global markets, the top 5 in 16 global markets, and in the top 10 in 33 global markets. Actavis also develops and out-licenses generic pharmaceutical products outside the U.S. through its Medis third-party business, the world’s largest generic pharmaceutical out-licensing business. Medis has more than 300 customers globally, and offers a broad portfolio of more than 200 products. 
Actavis markets a broad portfolio of branded pharmaceuticals and is developing new medicines for patients suffering from diseases principally in the central nervous system, gastroenterology, women’s health, urology, cardiovascular, respiratory and anti-infective therapeutic categories. 
Actavis is also developing and marketing biosimilars products in Women’s Health, Oncology and other therapeutic categories, and currently has a portfolio of five biosimilar products in development. 
Actavis has more than 35 manufacturing and distribution facilities around the world, with a capacity of approximately 40 billion units annually. Actavis Global Operations also includes Anda, Inc., the fourth-largest U.S. generic pharmaceutical product distributor in the United States.
History.
The Company was founded in the spring of 1984, when, with funding from friends and family, colleagues Allen Chao, Ph.D. and David Hsia, Ph.D., began a small drug development enterprise. Just two months later, the founders established an initial product development and analytical laboratory with six employees (including both founders) in a leased space in Libertyville, Illinois. 
By late Fall of the same year, the company moved to Southern California into an initial 2,000-square-foot (190 m2) leased facility in Corona, and the development and manufacturing of generic pharmaceuticals began. The Corona site became the Corporate headquarters for the rapidly expanding U.S. company. 
In 2011, the company moved its corporate headquarters from Corona, California to Parsippany, New Jersey. The new LEED-certified corporate headquarters at the Morris Corporate Center in Parsippany was formally dedicated on June 9, 2011.
Company Evolution.
Throughout its history, Actavis has expanded both organically and as the result of strategic acquisitions that brought broader product lines, enhanced drug delivery technologies, and ultimately branded pharmaceutical products to the company. 
In 1993, Actavis, then Watson, announced its initial public offering (IPO) of shares of common stock. The company was initially listed on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol WATS. The company moved to the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in 1997, and began trading under the symbol WPI. 
In 2000, the company acquired Schein Pharmaceutical, Inc., an acquisition that more than doubled the company’s size. In that same year, the group reported revenues in excess of $1 billion. In the fall of 2006, it acquired Andrx Corporation, a Fort Lauderdale, FL–based pharmaceutical company, making it the third largest specialty pharmaceutical company based on total prescriptions dispensed.
In 2007, Dr. Allen Chao retired as President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and was succeeded by Paul M. Bisaro. The company’s international presence began with the acquisition of the Arrow Group in 2009, providing the company with commercial presence in more than 20 international markets. 
As a result of the Arrow acquisition, the company also acquired the biopharmaceutical development organization Eden Biodesign in Liverpool, UK. 
The company further strengthened its presence in Europe with the acquisition of Specifar Pharmaceuticals S.A. in May 2011. Based in Athens, Greece, Specifar is a generic pharmaceutical developer, manufacturer and marketer of products sold under its own and customer labels. 
In December 2011, a collaboration agreement with Amgen was announced—to develop and commercialize oncology biosimilars.
In January 2012, the Company acquired Ascent Pharmahealth Ltd, the Australia and Southeast Asia generic pharmaceutical business of Strides Acrolab Ltd. As a result of the acquisition Watson became the fifth largest generic pharmaceutical company in Australia based on revenue, and the largest generics company in Singapore, with an established commercial base in Malaysia, Hong Kong, Vietnam, and Thailand. 
In November 2012, Watson acquired the Switzerland based, global generics Company Actavis Group for EUR4.25 billion, creating the world’s third largest generics company, with a leading position in key established commercial markets including the U.S., UK, Nordics, Canada, Australia, and emerging markets in Central and Eastern Europe, and Russia. Following the acquisition, Watson adopted Actavis' name for its global operations.
Actavis’ Specialty Brands division was strengthened in January 2013 with the acquisition of Belgian based Uteron Pharma SA, which specializes in Women’s health products.
On October 1, 2013 Actavis acquired Warner Chilcott plc in a stock-for-stock transaction valued at approximately $8.5 billion. The combination created a leading global specialty pharmaceutical company with approximately $10 billion in anticipated combined annual 2013 revenue, and the third-largest U.S. specialty pharmaceutical company with approximately $3 billion in annual revenue focused on the core therapeutic categories of Women’s Health, Urology, Gastroenterology and Dermatology. As a result of the acquisition, Actavis relocated its global headquarters to Dublin, Ireland.
On July 1, 2014. Actavis announced that it had completed its acquisition of Forest Laboratories in a cash and equity transaction valued at approximately $25 billion. The combination created one of the world’s fastest-growing specialty pharmaceutical companies, with annual revenues of more than $15 billion anticipated for 2015. Following the acquisition, the company restructured its executive leadership, with Paul Bisaro being named Executive Chairman, and Brent Saunders being appointed CEO and President of the combined organization.
Locations and facilities.
The company's global headquarters are located in Dublin, Ireland. U.S. and administrative headquarters are located in Parsippany, New Jersey, USA. 
Actavis holds a leading position in key established commercial markets including the U.S., UK, Nordics, Canada, Australia and the Pacific Rim, and emerging markets in Central and Eastern Europe and Russia.
Sales and marketing offices are located in five continents:
The Company has 36 manufacturing facilities in five continents providing the company with a core leadership position in modified release products, solid oral dosages, transdermals, semi-solids, liquids and injectables.
The Company’s manufacturing facilities are located in Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, China, Germany, Greece, France, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Malta, Romania, Russia, Singapore, Serbia, Thailand the United Kingdom, Puerto Rico and the US.
Actavis has 17 global R&D facilities focusing on the development of modified release products, solid oral dosages, transdermals, semi-solids, liquids and injectables around the world. 
The Company’s R&D facilities are located in Belgium, Bulgaria, Iceland, Italy, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Northern Ireland, Romania, the United Kingdom and the US.
Specialty pharmaceuticals: India, Romania, UK, the US. 
Branded pharmaceuticals: Salt Lake City, New Jersey, US, Liege, Belgium and Liverpool, UK (biologics).

</doc>
<doc id="5871256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871256" title="Frank Lickliter">
Frank Lickliter

Franklin Ray Lickliter II (born July 28, 1969) is an American professional golfer. He has featured in the top 50 of the Official World Golf Rankings.
Lickliter was born in Middletown, Ohio, adjacent to his hometown of Franklin, Ohio. Lickliter is a 1987 graduate of Franklin High School and a 1991 graduate of nearby Wright State University. He turned professional in 1991. 
Lickliter first joined the Nike Tour (now called the Web.com Tour), where he earned a win in 1995. He joined the PGA Tour in 1996, and won events in 2001 and 2003. His best finish in a major is T4 at the 1998 PGA Championship. In 2007 he finished 139th on the PGA Tour money list, which was not good enough to retain his card for 2008. He earned his card for 2008 by being medalist at the 2007 PGA Tour Qualifying Tournament.
Professional wins (3).
PGA Tour wins (2).
PGA Tour playoff record (0–1)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
WD = Withdrew<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5871257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871257" title="Disappearance of Genette Tate">
Disappearance of Genette Tate

Genette Louise Tate (5 May 1965 – disappeared 19 August 1978) is an English girl whose disappearance became a famous missing person case when she went missing at age 13 while delivering newspapers in Aylesbeare, Devon, England.
Background.
Tate's disappearance occurred within sight of her home village shortly after 1530 BST on Saturday 19 August 1978. Her bicycle and scattered newspapers were found lying in the middle of a quiet country lane only a few minutes after she had been speaking to two friends. Eyewitnesses reported seeing a maroon coloured car in the lane at around the time of the disappearance, and police issued a photofit picture of a man that they wanted to question, describing him as "between eighteen and twenty-five with thick blackish eyebrows and a pale complexion.
Despite an extensive police investigation and a search of the surrounding countryside involving thousands of volunteers, Tate's disappearance remains unexplained. In 2002, DNA belonging to Genette Tate was found on one of her jumpers kept by her mother, which would allow her body to be identified quickly if discovered. On the 25th anniversary of the case in 2003, Genette's parents John and Sheila both stated their belief that she is no longer alive. Police have amassed more than 20,000 cards in a filing system related to the case, which is stored at the Devon and Cornwall Police headquarters in Exeter.
Following the conviction of serial killer Robert Black in October 2011 for the murder of Jennifer Cardy in August 1981, a spokesman for the Police Service of Northern Ireland commented that "There are striking similarities" between the two cases. Black had already been questioned by Devon and Cornwall police about the Tate case, but in August 2008 the Crown Prosecution Service decided that there was insufficient evidence to charge him.

</doc>
<doc id="5871281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871281" title="Gun Owners' Action League">
Gun Owners' Action League

The Gun Owners' Action League is a non-profit, member funded group headquartered in Northboro MA that advocates for gun rights in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

</doc>
<doc id="5871290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871290" title="Springbrook, Oregon">
Springbrook, Oregon

Springbrook is an unincorporated community within the city of Newberg, in Yamhill County, Oregon, United States. The community was originally named "Hoskins", after pioneer Cyrus E. Hoskins, who settled in the area. When a post office was established on June 30, 1893, however, the name was changed to Springbrook (after Cyrus Hoskins' farm), since there was already a Hoskins, Oregon in Benton County. The post office closed in 1961.
Geography.
Most of Springbrook was eventually incorporated into the eastern part of the city of Newberg.
Many of the businesses, streets and housing developments in that area are named after the former community, including Springbrook Plaza, Springbrook Oaks (a development begun in 2004) and Springbrook Road (an arterial in eastern Newberg).
Education.
The first school in the area was Gibbs School District 35, which was established in the early 1860s. It wasn't until 1886 that Springbrook was granted a district of its own. District 56 (located between Bald Peak and Lakeview School District 21, and established between 1874 and 1876) was reassigned to the Springbrook area, due to poor upkeep. It was soon dubbed Springbrook School District 56, formed using territory from other districts (including parts from Gibbs in 1888.) Springbrook School District lasted until 1962, when it was consolidated into the nearby Newberg School District.
The most recent school, built in 1935, is still in existence today, though is currently vacant.
In 1981, Springbrook Middle School was constructed, though it was part of the Newberg School District. Along with Renne Middle School, these were the only two middle schools in the area, until the fall of 1995, when the Springbrook staff and student population was relocated to the newly built Chehalem Valley Middle School. At the same time, the former staff and student population of Renne Middle School, which had been condemned due to asbestos, migrated to the old Springbrook Middle School building. Until the name Mountain View Middle School was decided upon, for the first few terms the school was known informally as Renne-brook.

</doc>
<doc id="5871293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871293" title="Aindréas of Caithness">
Aindréas of Caithness

Andreas or Aindréas of Caithness († 1184) is the first known bishop of Caithness and a source for the author of "de Situ Albanie". Aindréas was a native Scot, and very likely came from a prominent family in Gowrie, or somewhere in this part of Scotland. He was a prominent landowner in Gowrie, Angus and Fife, and it is likely that he was a brother of one Eòghan "of Monorgan", another Gowrie landlord. At some stage in his career, he was a monk of Dunfermline Abbey (see below), though it is not known if this was before or during his period as bishop of Caithness.
The date of his accession to the bishopric is unknown, but he was certainly bishop by the year 1146 AD. The latter date is the latest date for Aindréas' first charter appearance (as bishop) in the "notitiae" written on the margins of the "Book of Deer". It is not known for certain that Aindréas ever visited Caithness, but his successor John certainly did. If Aindréas did, he would have been based at Halkirk. It is probably no coincidence that the erection of the Scottish diocese of Caithness, and imposition of a Gaelic bishop, coincided with the introduction of Harald (Aralt), son of the Earl or Mormaer of Atholl Matad, as ruler of the formerly Norse-ruled province.
Bishop Aindréas is a frequent witness to the charters of Kings David I, Maol Caluim IV and William I. The author of the early 13th century historical tract known as "de Situ Albanie" (En: "On the Place of Scotland") cites Aindréas as a source for his second list of Pictish kingdoms, and describes him as "a trustworthy informant ... a venerable man, bishop of Caithness, by nation a Gael ("nacione Scoctus") and monk of Dunfermline". He died at Dunfermline on 29 December 1184.

</doc>
<doc id="5871299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871299" title="Claude R. McGaughey III">
Claude R. McGaughey III

Claude R. "Shug" McGaughey, III (born January 6, 1951, in Lexington, Kentucky) is an American Hall of Fame thoroughbred horse trainer. 
McGaughey began working as a trainer in 1979 and to date has won more than 240 graded stakes races. In 1986, he got his big break when Ogden Phipps hired him to train his stable of horses. In 1988, McGaughey won the Eclipse Award for Outstanding Trainer in the United States. Among his many wins, he has captured the Jockey Club Gold Cup and the Travers Stakes three times each and won the 1989 Belmont Stakes with Hall of Fame Champion Easy Goer as well as the 2013 Kentucky Derby with Orb. McGaughey's nine Breeders' Cup victories ranks second to D. Wayne Lukas. Among the other horses he has trained are back-to-back Breeders' Cup Mile winner Lure and Hall of Famer Personal Ensign. McGaughey has accomplished the rare trifecta of training a Breeders' Cup winner, her daughter, and her granddaughter in the troika of Personal Ensign, My Flag and Storm Flag Flying. In 2013 he won his first Kentucky Derby with Orb.
In 2004, McGaughey was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame. At his induction ceremony, he said: "My deepest debt of gratitude always has been and always will be to the Phipps family" -- "My affiliation with the Phipps family is one of the great highlights of my life. I wouldn't be here without them."

</doc>
<doc id="5871313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871313" title="Chinois (Réunion)">
Chinois (Réunion)

Chinois, also referred to by the Réunion Creole name Sinwa or Sinoi, are ethnic Chinese residing in Réunion, a French overseas department in the Indian Ocean. As of 1999, roughly 25,000 lived on the island, making them one of Africa's largest Chinese communities along with Chinese South Africans, Chinese people in Madagascar, and Sino-Mauritians.
Migration history.
Despite their French citizenship, the Chinois form a group with origins distinct from the Chinese in metropolitan France. The first Chinese to arrive in Réunion came not directly from China, but rather were indentured labourers drawn from among the population of Chinese in Malaya, who arrived on the island in 1844 to work in grain production and levee-building. They violently resisted the slave-like manner in which they were treated, and as a result, the colonial government put a stop to the immigration of Chinese indentured labourers just two years later.
Beginning in the 1850s, Cantonese-speakers began to arrive from Mauritius. It was common for a Sino-Mauritian to bring his relatives over from China to Mauritius for a period of apprenticeship in his business; after they had gained sufficient familiarity with commercial practises and life in a colonial society, he would send them onwards with letters of introduction, lending them his own capital to start up businesses in neighbouring regions, including Réunion. Hakka-speakers, from Mauritius came as well in this manner starting only in the late 1880s.
However, re-migration from Mauritius was not the only source of free Chinese migration to Réunion. In 1862, Réunion's government liberalised their immigration laws, allowing any foreigner to take up employment. Each year, a few hundred Cantonese-speaking migrants from Guangdong took advantage of this law and arrived in Réunion. Hakkas from Meixian and French Indochina began to arrive around the same time as those from Mauritius, in the late 1880s. As in other overseas Chinese communities, conflict between Cantonese- and Hakka-speakers was a common feature of social life, and the two groups tried to avoid contact with each other; the Hakka migrants settled in the south of the island, especially at Saint-Pierre and Le Tampon. Re-migration from Mauritius to Réunion continued in this manner until around 1940. Migrants were almost all male; until the late 1930s or early 1940s, fewer than one thousand had arrived on the island.
After World War II, metropolitan French immigration laws were extended to cover Réunion. Along with the closure of China's borders in 1950, this meant that Chinese migration to the island largely came to a halt. By that time, the Chinese population of the island was roughly four thousand. Today's Chinois consist largely of their descendants. However, roughly 2,000 more new expatriates have come from the People's Republic of China in recent years.
Language and education.
The first Chinese school in Réunion was set up at Saint-Denis in 1927, but closed three years later when the teacher returned to China. In the following decade, more schools were set up privately, financed by contributions from Chinese businessmen. Prior to the 1950s, locally born ethnic Chinese children typically attended these Chinese schools, and as a result, they spoke both Chinese and Creole fluently, but not French. However, authorities looked dimly on such schools, seeing them as promoting cultural separatism, and so imposed a variety of regulations on their operation, requiring that they spend more time on French-language teaching than Chinese-language teaching. As a result, new bilingual schools were established, the two most famous of which were the ones at Saint-Denis and Saint-André.
After World War II, education in French schools became mandatory. As a result, the generation who entered school after then typically speak little Chinese; however, many of them went to metropolitan France for their higher education, and as a result speak both French and Creole fluently. In an effort to "return to their roots", members of this generation and the younger ones have been attempting to reconnect to Chinese culture through cultural and language courses, return trips to their ancestors' villages in China, and the like. However, they are largely assimilated to French and Creole culture, and feel little connection to today's China, which has undergone huge changes since their ancestors emigrated.
Employment.
The immigrant generation, as well their children who were educated locally in Chinese schools, often found self-employment as shopkeepers; in the 1970s, with rising standards of living on the island, they were able to expand their small shops into spacious markets. Their children, who were educated in France, have entered the liberal professions, such as medicine, dentistry, law, and architecture, or found employment in accountancy and engineering firms or the public sector.
Cuisine.
Chinese cuisine is now consumed by people all over Réunion. One of the most visible culinary legacies of South China are "bouchons", known as "shumai" in North American dim sum restaurants. Pork "bouchons" are commonly eaten in baguettes and paninis with melted cheese and hotsauce. "Riz cantonais", a basic fried rice with diced vegetables and roasted pork, is another common dish. Chinese migrants also introduced a number of different plants and animals to the island, including a Chinese variety of the guava known locally and in Mauritius and the Seychelles as "goyave de Chine". Réunion is famous for its lychees, also from China.

</doc>
<doc id="5871318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871318" title="Caragea's plague">
Caragea's plague

Caragea's plague or Caradja's plague () was a bubonic plague epidemic that occurred in Wallachia, mainly in Bucharest, in the years 1813 and 1814. It coincided with the rule of the Phanariote Prince John Caradja.
Alleged source.
As Caradja came to Bucharest in 1812 after being appointed prince, the plague was already claiming victims in Istanbul, the Ottoman capital. A man in Caradja's retinue grew sick and died. It is alleged that this was the source of the plague in Wallachia, although the next reported death from plague in Wallachia occurred in June 1813. 
The plague was expected and in January 1813, Caradja founded two quarantine hospitals, one in Teleorman and one in Giurgiu.
Outbreak and measures taken.
There were reports of people with the plague on the streets of Bucharest as early as in April, but the first death attributed to bubonic plague was on 11 June 1813 in Văcăreşti. Quarantine was established, the gates of the city of Bucharest were closed and all the roads from Văcăreşti to Dealul Spirii were guarded to prevent anyone from entering the city without permission.
Government clerks and priests had to check each house for plague infected people, all the foreigners and non-residents were expelled from the city and the beggars were sent to monasteries outside Bucharest. The money which came from the counties where the plague was spread (Ilfov, Vlaşca, Teleorman and Olt) had to be washed in vinegar and the number of gravediggers was increased to 60.
In spite of that, the plague continued to spread, mostly due to lack of qualified medical care. The July 1813 register books of the Wallachian government show that most of the decrees were related to the plague. Among the restrictions, meetings in pubs and coffee-shops were forbidden, alcohol being only sold for home consumption. The people who died had a simple burial with no attendants. The people who hid sick people or the peddlers ("both Jewish and Christians") were expelled from the city and their belongings were burnt. In August, due to the spread of the plague, the request to allow people to flee the city was approved, Caradja asking the ispravnics to take care to avoid contact with the villagers. To avoid crowds, markets and schools were closed down, most judicial proceedings were stopped and the people in the debtors' prison were freed.
Many of the new rules were not respected, despite the rulers' attempts, which included the spread of printed fliers. By August, the city became almost deserted, with even the doctors fleeing, as did Caradja, who moved his residence outside Bucharest, in Cotroceni. The French consul said that two thirds of the Bucharesters fled.
Initially, sick people were to be committed to the Dudeşti hospital (later also Cioplea and Băneasa), but soon the 14 quarantine rooms of the unit were overrun, and the place became a simple mass grave.
People with immunity to the disease were hired as undertakers, and walked from door to door to gather corpses. The corpses were taken to the mass graves in Dudeşti and buried there. Often, dying people were taken also and buried alive, and sometimes beaten to death. An undertaker squad once reported that "we collected 15 dead today, but only buried 14, because one of them ran away". Sometimes, sick people with enough strength fought back, and killed the undertakers.
The highest mortality was in October 1813; the gravediggers couldn't even bury all the dead, and many of them were put in large pits, which were not covered and many "were eaten by dogs and other beasts". In February 1814, the last market still open, Târgul de Afară (Obor) was closed down, but soon, the people returned to the city. In 1818 the quarantine hospitals of Plumbuita and Văcăreşti were closed down.
Death toll.
An estimated 60,000 people died of the plague in the two years, 20-30,000 of them in Bucharest, which is a large number, as the city population at the time was of about 120,000. According to a church teacher, the church reports say that that 20,000 died in Bucharest by January 1814 (excluding those buried in the backyards), while the personal doctor of Caradja claimed that between 25,000 and 30,000 died.
At the 1831 census (taken right after another cholera epidemic), the population of Bucharest was about 60,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5871332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871332" title="Cariñena, Aragon">
Cariñena, Aragon

Cariñena is a village in the province of Zaragoza, in the autonomous community of Aragon, Spain. It is the capital of the comarca Campo de Cariñena. It is known for its wine and the Cariñena grape, to which it gave its name. In ancient Roman times it was known as Carae and it was recorded that in the 3rd Century BC its inhabitants drank wine mixed with honey. 
History.
The name Cariñena dates back to the Roman era. Pliny the Elder, the procurator of Tarraconensis, named this Roman settlement "Carae"; the suffix "-iniana" (thus "Cariniana") was characteristic of many Roman manors. 
The village "Cariniana" signified the hamlet and manor situated in the location of "Carae" and refers to its owner, Carinius. At the end of the second century, a tendency to concentrate the property led to the appearance of the large latifundia whose owners gave their name to places like this. Afterwards, in the Middle Ages, the name followed sound rules to become its current name.
King Alfonso XIII conferred the title of "city" to Cariñena owing to the quality of its wines.
Today, Cariñena is still producing wine, being the main economical activity in the area. Cariñena's wines were well known for its oxidation and high alcohol content, but in the last ten years the wineries of the area have been improving the techniques and the yields, and today is a promising Denomination of Origin in Spain. Tempranillo, Garnacha and Cariñena (red grapes) and Macabeo/Viura are the main varietals, but most of wineries are including grapes such as Merlot, Syrah, Chardonnay and others.

</doc>
<doc id="5871353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871353" title="Rodley, West Yorkshire">
Rodley, West Yorkshire

__NOTOC__ 
Rodley is a village in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, West Yorkshire, England. It is situated inside, the Leeds Outer Ring Road, north-west from Leeds city centre and north-east from Bradford. The hamlet of Bagley borders Rodley.
History.
Rodley village is not recorded in the 1086 Domesday Book, although several nearby places such as Horsforth, Calverley, Farsley and Bramley are.
The earliest use of the name Rodley appears to be "Rodele", who was listed as a tenant in the Domesday Book, and "Redlega" who was recorded in Yorkshire in 1157. 
Part of the north-western end of the village is in what was, before the Local Government Act 1972, the Municipal Borough of Pudsey; a sign, next to The Owl public house on Rodley Lane, still notes this heritage.
Industrial history.
In 1820 Thomas Smith's Steam Crane Works was established and by 1888 it had gained a reputation internationally for the manufacture of cranes and lifting gear. In 1847, next to the Thomas Smith works, another crane manufacturer was established: Joseph Booth & Bros, founded by Joseph Booth's father Jeremiah, a former partner of Thomas Smith's father. With two prominent companies manufacturing cranes and other local ironworks producing smaller numbers of similar cranes, many preserved steam cranes are referred to as being of 'Leeds Type' or 'Rodley Type.'
More recently Rodley was the home of Rowley Workshop, makers of "3-2-1", "Wizbit" and "Dusty the Dawg". The workshop was housed in the former Bethel Chapel, which is now flats.
The Rodley microcar was made in Rodley by the Rodley Automobile Company between 1954 and 1956.
Community.
The Leeds and Liverpool Canal passes through the village, running parallel with Rodley Town Street. Many of the stone-built industrial buildings and mills that once lined the banks of the canal have been demolished and replaced with modern apartments and houses, as Rodley develops as a commuter village equidistant between Leeds and Bradford. Some of the area is now protected as a Conservation Area.
Rodley has three public houses and a working men's social club: The Railway at Calverley Bridge, The Rodley Barge, The Crown & Anchor and Rodley Social Club on Town Street.
The Rodley Nature Reserve is a wetland reserve built on the site of a former sewage works, just north of Town Street on the north bank of the River Aire.
Adjacent, on the opposite bank to the nature reserve, is Canal Bank Sports Ground, which is the base for a cricket and an amateur Rugby League club. Rodley Cricket Club plays in the Central Yorkshire cricket league. The Rodley Rockets runs rugby teams chiefly for juniors, and plays in the Pennine Amateur Rugby League.

</doc>
<doc id="5871358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871358" title="Donald Cressey">
Donald Cressey

Donald R. Cressey (April 27, 1919 – July 21, 1987) was an American penologist, sociologist, and criminologist who made innovative contributions to the study of organized crime, prisons, criminology, the sociology of criminal law, white-collar crime.
Life and work.
Born in 1919 in Fergus Falls, Minnesota, he obtained his bachelor's degree from Iowa State College in 1943 and earned his Ph.D. from Indiana University in 1950. He taught sociology at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Along with Edwin Sutherland, he co-authored "Principles of Criminology," for 30 years the standard text in criminology. He also wrote "Other People's Money," a study of embezzlement, and co-authored the popular textbook "Social Problems." After his retirement, he was president of the Institute for Financial Crime Prevention, a foundation for the research of white-collar crime.
He served as a consultant on organized crime for the President's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice in 1966 and 1967. Based on research conducted in this capacity he wrote the acclaimed "Theft of the Nation," a treatise on the Cosa Nostra, and later the smaller "Criminal Organization," in which he extended his conceptualization of organized crime to include criminal groups other than the Cosa Nostra.
Cressey is credited with the theory of the "fraud triangle," three elements that must be present for occupational fraud.
Dr. Cressey died in Solvang, California, in 1987. He was survived by his wife, Elaine, and three daughters (Martha, Ann, and Mary).
Awards.
The Donald Cressey Award is bestowed annually on an American academic by the National Council on Crime and Delinquency for outstanding academic contributions to criminology.
The Cressey Award is bestowed annually by the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners on one of its members for lifetime achievement in the detection and deterrence of fraud.

</doc>
<doc id="5871383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871383" title="Florida, Buenos Aires">
Florida, Buenos Aires

Florida is a mostly residential "barrio" of the Vicente López Partido in the northern suburbs of Gran Buenos Aires, Argentina. It is principally a middle-class neighbourhood and is located between the "barrios" of Olivos and Vicente López, also in the same "partido" (department).
The city is located between Avenida Maipú and the Pan-American highway.
Florida is served by three railway lines, the Ferrocarril General Bartolomé Mitre, Ferrocarril General Manuel Belgrano, and Tren de la Costa, which provide easy access to the Capital. Its main commercial areas are centered around Avenida General San Martín and Avenida Maipú.
Sport.
Florida is home to football team Club Atletico Platense.

</doc>
<doc id="5871393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871393" title="Mohammed Khaïr-Eddine">
Mohammed Khaïr-Eddine

Mohammed Khair-Eddine () was amongst the most famous Moroccan literary figures of the 20th century. 
Life.
Born in 1941 in Tafraoute, as a young writer he joined the circle of writers known as the "Amitiés littéraires et artistiques" in Casablanca. In 1964 Khair-Eddir founded the "Poésie Toute" movement. In 1965 he was exiled to France where he spent years working in factories. In 1967 he started publishing again, writing for "Lettres nouvelles" and "Présence africaine". 
Last years.
Mohammed Khair-Eddine returned to Morocco in 1979. Khair-Eddine died in Rabat November 18th 1995, the Independence Day of Morocco.
Works.
Éditions du Seuil.
For the most part his works have been published by Éditions du Seuil:

</doc>
<doc id="5871405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871405" title="Miguel del Valle">
Miguel del Valle

Miguel del Valle (born July 24, 1951) is an American politician and the former City Clerk of Chicago. He was an Illinois State Senator for two decades, representing the 2nd district of Chicago from 1987–2006. Miguel lost his bid for mayor in Chicago's February 22, 2011 municipal elections, coming in third with 53,953 votes.
Early and personal life.
Del Valle was born in Puerto Rico and was brought to Chicago at the age of four by his parents. He grew up in the predominately working class Latina/o West Town and Humboldt Park neighborhoods of Chicago. After graduating from Tuley High School (now Roberto Clemente Community Academy) in 1969 he went on to Northeastern Illinois University. At Northeastern Miguel got involved as a student organizer, joining the Union for Puerto Rican Students and writing for the student publication Que Ondee Sola.
<br>
After earning a bachelor's and a master's degree in Education and Guidance from Northeastern, Miguel served as Unit Director of the Barreto Boys & Girls Club and then as Executive Director of the Association House, a non-profit organization providing social services and educational programs on Chicago's northwest side. During his time as Executive Director of the Association House Miguel was heralded by the Chicago Tribune as an "emerging young leader." In 1982, after organizing meetings, rallies, and lobbying Chicago's Chicago City Council Miguel was successful in re-instating city funding for Association House's successful jobs program for unemployed youth. 
<br>
In 2008, Miguel was awarded an honorary degree from National Louis University for his "inspirational leadership."
<br>
He currently sits on the Board of Directors for Advance Illinois and was appointed by Illinois Governor Pat Quinn as Chairman of the Illinois P-20 Council. Additionally he served on several non-profit organizational boards, including Josephinium High School, the Latino Institute and the Spanish Coalition for Housing. He has also served as Chairman of the Mayor Harold Washington’s Advisory Commission on Latino Affairs, and taught a class at Roosevelt University called “Latinos and Public Policy.”
<br>
Senator del Valle is married to Lupe, and has four children: Miguel Jr., Ivan, Esteban, and Vanessa.
Senate career.
In 1987, del Valle was elected the first Hispanic Senator in the Illinois General Assembly where he served for 20 years. He was the Assistant Majority Leader in the Illinois Senate, and he was the first Latino to hold that position. He served as an outspoken advocate for Latino representation in the legislative and judicial branches of government. He was the Co-Chair of the Illinois Legislative Latino Caucus and was the only Latino member of the Illinois Legislative Black Caucus. His leadership in redistricting cases in 1981, 1991 and 2001 led to the creation of Latino majority districts on the city, county, and state levels. 
Del Valle sponsored legislation to protect homeowners by stopping the forgery of quitclaim deeds which is the process of transferring the title or deed of property to another individual or company. He has also sponsored legislation to provide harsher punishment for ATM crimes; provide Illinois with more Early Childhood Teachers; provide comprehensive health coverage for every child in Illinois; and increase funding for Advanced Placement courses in Illinois high schools. 
Del Valle is the founder of the Illinois Association of Hispanic State Employees (IAHSE). He is the co-founder of several Latino organizations, including the Illinois Latino Advisory Council on Higher Education (ILACHE); the Alliance of Latinos and Jews; and the Illinois Hispanic Democratic Council (IHDC). He also developed the annual Department of Children and Family Services Hispanic Families Conference. 
Del Valle is the former Vice-Chairman of the Education Committee, Co-Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Education Funding Reform and the Illinois Legislative Latino Caucus. He also served on the Senate Executive Committee, the Senate Labor Committee, and the Higher Education Committee.
In the 2006 Illinois primary elections Del Valle received local media attention for his support of Ramon Ocasio III for judge over the Cook County Democratic Party endorsed candidate, Ed Lechowicz, son of former Cook County Commissioner and Illinois State Senator Ted Lechowicz. Del Valle, who sponsored legislation to create the subcircuit system, stated that the system was created to give women & minorities the opportunity to serve on the bench.
City Clerk.
In 2006, Miguel del Valle was appointed, by Mayor Richard M. Daley, as City Clerk of Chicago after the elected sitting clerk was indicted on federal charges. It was highly Del Valle won a city-wide election to the post in 2007, becoming the first Latino elected to the Chicago City Clerk's office. 
As City Clerk, del Valle's office is responsible for maintaining official city government records, distributing approximately 1.3 million vehicle stickers and residential parking permits, and issuing city business licenses. 
Clerk del Valle is focused on bringing more efficiency and visibility to City Clerk services by providing greater access to public records, including web casting of City Council meetings, expanding community outreach programs, modernizing operations to expedite the sale of dog registrations, city stickers and residential parking.
Significant City Council transparency efforts include posting nearly 700,000 pages of searchable City Council records to the City Clerk website, www.ChiCityClerk.com. This includes every ordinance passed since 1981, the Byrne Administration, as well as city budgets and Mayoral Executive orders going back nearly 30 years. In addition, for the first time ever, City Council meetings can be watched live or on demand via a City Council video archive on the City Clerk website, www.ChiCityClerk.com.
Campaign for Mayor.
After Mayor Daley announced that he will not run for another term, del Valle was the first to declare his candidacy in the Chicago mayoral election, 2011. He was the first candidate to air a campaign ad on television, the first to have a website and Facebook page, and the first (and only) candidate to publicly declare he will not accept campaign contributions from companies that do business with the city. 
In the election he came in third in a field of six, with about nine percent of the vote. In his concession speech he promised to continue to push for a progressive agenda, though he would soon leave office as city clerk.

</doc>
<doc id="5871414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871414" title="P. J. Daniels">
P. J. Daniels

Prince Ahadzie Daniels, Jr. (P. J.) (born December 12, 1982 in Houston, Texas) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent. He played for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League in 2006. He was drafted in the 4th round of the 2006 NFL Draft by the Baltimore Ravens as the 132nd overall pick.
College career.
While at Georgia Tech, he majored in Management and minored in Chemistry. In four years, Daniels had over 3,300 yards rushing, 360 yards receiving, 230 kick return yards, and 26 all-purpose touchdowns. The most notable aspect of Daniels' career was that he began the 2002 season as a walk-on and was seventh on the depth chart. Through attrition, flunkouts, and hard work, Daniels became the starter for Georgia Tech in 2003. While at Georgia Tech, he set an NCAA bowl game rushing record with 311 yards and 4 touchdowns in the 2004 Humanitarian Bowl.
Professional career.
Daniels was selected by the Baltimore Ravens in the fourth round (132nd overall) in the 2006 NFL Draft. He did not see the field for the Ravens as a rookie, and was placed on Injured Reserve before the start of the 2007 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5871421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871421" title="Laches">
Laches


</doc>
<doc id="5871438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871438" title="Roy Johnson">
Roy Johnson

Roy Cleveland Johnson (February 23, 1903 – September 10, 1973) was a left fielder/right fielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Detroit Tigers (1929–32), Boston Red Sox (1932–35), New York Yankees (1936–37) and Boston Bees (1937–38). A native of Pryor, Oklahoma, he batted left-handed and threw right-handed. His younger brother, Indian Bob Johnson, also was a major league player.
Pacific Coast League.
Like his brother Bob, Johnson was one-quarter Cherokee and grew up in Tacoma, Washington. Basically a contact, line-drive hitter, he was a fine outfielder with a strong throwing arm. From 1926 to 1928, he teamed with Earl Averill and Smead Jolley to give the San Francisco Seals of the Pacific Coast League one of its most feared hitting-outfields in minor league history.
Major league playing career.
Johnson, who spent most of his time in the majors with the Detroit Tigers and Boston Red Sox, also played in part of two seasons both for the New Yankees and Boston Bees. A four-time .300 hitter, he often finished among the American League leaders in stolen bases. 
In his 1929 debut, Johnson became the first rookie in major league history to get 200 hits in a season (201) and also led the AL with 45 doubles and 640 at-bats while hitting .314 with a career-high 128 runs. In 1931, he led the AL with 19 triples and stole 33 bases. 
Traded by Detroit to the Red Sox in the 1932 midseason, Johnson enjoyed three productive years with Boston hitting .313 with 95 runs batted in during 1933, following with career-highs .320 and 119 RBI in 1934, and .315 in 1935. After that, he became a part-time outfielder with the Yankees as he appeared in the 1936 World Series. He played his final game with the Boston Bees in the 1938 season. 
In a ten-season career, Johnson was a .296 hitter with 58 home runs and 556 RBI in 1155 games. 
Johnson died in Tacoma, Washington, at the age of 70.
Records.
Johnson holds the following Detroit Tigers records:

</doc>
<doc id="5871439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871439" title="Riffi Haddaoui">
Riffi Haddaoui

Riffi Haddaoui (born 24 March 1971) is a Danish former football player. He played for a number of Danish clubs, most notably Boldklubben 1893 (B 93) in the Danish Superliga, as well as a number of foreign clubs (Sweden: Kiruna FF, England: Torquay United, Finland: Finnpa, China: Guangzhou Apollo, Norway: SK Gjøvik-Lyn).
Haddaoui started his career playing for Danish 1st Division side Avarta, where he attracted the attention of Danish Superliga clubs FC Copenhagen and Lyngby FC. He was loaned out from Avarta to FC Copenhagen's 1993 UEFA Intertoto Cup campaign and Lyngby's 1994 UEFA Intertoto Cup campaign but he ended up permanently joining rival 1st Division club B 93 in September 1994. He had a few training sessions with Scottish First Division side Airdrie in December 1995, but could not agree personally on terms, and he eventually rejoined Avarta in the 1st Division. In March 1996, Haddaoui joined English 3rd Division club Torquay United on loan. He made two appearances as a substitute in his month at the club, before moving to Finnish club FinnPa for the rest of the season. 
After a successful season in Finland, where Haddaoui finished as the league's second highest goalscorer, he moved to Chinese Jia-A League side Guangzhou Apollo on a 10-month contract in February 1997. He returned to Denmark in August 1997, following reports of cultural shock and poor living from Haddaoui and Danish teammate Kim Rasmussen. Haddaoui joined Hvidovre IF in the Danish 1st Division and after making 10 goals, he joined the Norwegian Club Gjøvik Lyn. He then moved back to B 93, who had won promotion to the Danish Superliga, and Haddaoui scored a single goal in the 1998-99 Superliga season. His single goal was not enough, as B 93 were relegated following their single season in the Superliga. Same season he won the topscorer prize in the Danish indoor championship for superleague clubs called BT cup.
Haddaoui joined Copenhagen rivals HIK in the 1st Division in 1999 and played for 2 and half seasons, making an impressive 48 goals. He was still playing part-time for HIK in the Danish 2nd Division in the 2001-02 season, while working as a web consultant for webmagazine "Ingeniøren".
Now he is not playing soccer anymore; he is a sales manager working in the Netherlands for a Danish company.

</doc>
<doc id="5871440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871440" title="The Iron Saint">
The Iron Saint

The Iron Saint, originally known as Iron and the Maiden, is Aspen Comics' first creator-owned comic book. It was created by Jason Rubin, co-founder of Naughty Dog, the key creative force behind "Crash Bandicoot" and "Jak and Daxter". The series was released in September, 2007. A one-shot titled "Brutes, Bims and the City" was released February, 2008. The trade paperback was released by Top Cow Productions in September 2010.
Creators.
As well as Rubin on scripting duties, penciling is being done by "Witchblade" artist Francis Manapul, with backgrounds by Joel Gomez. Coloring is being done by Danimation, with cover art coming from industry veteran Jeff Matsuda. The character concept art was created by Joe Madureira, of "Battle Chasers" fame, and Matsuda. Concept design work was handled by Blur Studio.
Plot.
"The Iron Saint" was originally a four-issue mini-series titled Iron and the Maiden. It was followed up by a one-shot: "Iron and the Maiden: Brutes, Bims and the City". The series portrays an alternate-universe 1930s metropolis. "The City" is struggling to survive a three-way battle for power between The Government, the ominous religious sect known as The Order and the seedy criminal underbelly led by The Syndicate. Caught in the middle of this war for power, Michael Iron discovers firsthand the meaning of sacrifice, his only hope for survival coming in the form of a forgiving Angel and several more surprises along the way.
Rubin has described it as "a cross between a '30s gangster film, "Escape from New York" and "Beauty and the Beast"."
Controversy.
In 2009, British heavy metal band Iron Maiden sued Rubin and Aspen Comics, citing "Iron and the Maiden" as an infringement of their trademark.
Recent solicitations for the collected edition show that the series has been renamed: "The Iron Saint".

</doc>
<doc id="5871444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871444" title="Balu ABCDEFG">
Balu ABCDEFG

Balu ABCDEFG is a Telugu action crime film released on 6 January 2005 and was directed by A. Karunakaran. This film stars Pawan Kalyan, Shriya, and Neha Oberoi. The film was produced by C. Ashwini Dutt under his production company Vyjayanthi Movies. The movie was a good grosser at the box office; it ran for 100 days successfully in 8 theaters in Andhra Pradesh. The story of this film is loosely based on Jet Li's 2004 film "Unleashed".
Plot.
Ghani bhai (Pawan) is an orphan raised by Delhi’s new don – Khan (Gulshan Grover) who is also from Hyderabad. He turns into Khan’s henchman committing all the crimes his boss wants, until one day when he refuses to kill a woman (Neha Oberoi). The reason behind his decision leads to a sub plot. Khan plans to eliminate Ghani for his betrayal, but his plan is unsuccessful and it leaves the hero with a mere wound, while the girl Indu (Neha Oberoi) is killed in the combat. The next episode opens in Hyderabad, where Pawan Kalyan christens himself as Balu, the name his dead lover used to call him. He is on a mission to eliminate the local mafia head Nayudamma, who has control over the land.
Music.
The film has six songs composed by Mani Sharma.
DVD.
The DVD version of the movie was released by KAD Entertainment, a special interview by Pawan Kalyan and other cast and crew was a special attraction

</doc>
<doc id="5871453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871453" title="John Oakes">
John Oakes

John Oakes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5871469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871469" title="1964 Tour de France">
1964 Tour de France

The 1964 Tour de France was the 51st Tour de France, taking place June 22 to July 14, 1964. The total race distance was 22 stages over 4504 km, with riders averaging 35.419 km/h. Stages 3, 10 and 22 were all two part stages with one the first half being a regular stage and the second half being a team or individual time trial. It was the only Tour de France to include a mid-stage climb to the L'Alpe D'Huez ski resort. The race was eventually won by Jacques Anquetil following an epic shoulder to shoulder battle with Raymond Poulidor during Stage 20.
Participants.
The 1964 Tour started with 132 cyclists, divided into 12 teams of 11 cyclists:
The main favourite was defending champion Jacques Anquetil. He had won the 1964 Giro d'Italia earlier that year, and was trying to win a Tour-Giro double, which at that moment had only been done by Fausto Coppi.
Race details.
Anquetil, who was looking for his fifth Tour victory, was superior in the time trials, of which he won all three. But Raymond Poulidor dominated in the mountains, and Anquetil was close to losing.
The ninth stage finished in Monaco, where the riders would ride one extra lap, crossing the finish line twice. When the first group, including Poulidor and Anquetil, reached the finish line for the first time, Poulidor had forgotten the extra lap, and sprinted in avail for the victory. When the group reached the finish line for the second time, Anquetil won the sprint, and one minute of bonification time.
In the second part of the tenth stage, the time trial, Anquetil won. Poulidor finished in second place, losing 36 seconds, with a flat tire costing him some time.
In the rest day between the thirteenth and the fourteenth stage, Anquetil had joined a lamb barbecue, and in the fourteenth stage he was immediately dropped. His team director gave him a bottle of champagne, which washed away the indigestion, and then Anquetil was able to get back to Poulidor. Poulidor then broke a spoke, the repair cost him some time, even more because a team mechanic, trying to help him gain speed, made him fall.
Poulidor attacked in the fifteenth stage, and stayed away. He won the stage, and in the general classification climbed to third place, nine seconds behind second-placed Anquetil.
Anquetil won the time trial of stage 17, and became the leader; Poulidor was in second place, only 56 seconds behind. In the twentieth stage, Poulidor did not have the right bicycle for the climb, but did not tell it to his team director. Poulidor dropped Anquetil in the climb, but the margin was not big enough for him to take over the lead, and Anquetil remained leader of the race by 14 seconds.
In the final time trial, Anquetil was the favourite, being the specialist. Poulidor rode as fast as he could, and with all other cyclists but Anquetil finished, had the best time. Anquetil was the last rider to ride the time trial, and was five seconds slower at the intermediate time check, which gave Poulidor hope that he could emerge as winner. However, Anquetil was clearly faster in the second part, and won the time trial. Anquetil won the Tour by only 55 seconds, which was at that moment the smallest margin in history.
Stages.
The 1964 Tour de France started on 22 June, and had one rest day in Andorra.
Results.
There were several classifications in the 1964 Tour de France, two of them awarding jerseys to their leaders. The most important was the general classification, calculated by adding each cyclist's finishing times on each stage. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey; the winner of this classification is considered the winner of the Tour.
Additionally, there was a points classification. In the points classification, cyclists got points for finishing among the best in a stage finish, or in intermediate sprints. The cyclist with the most points lead the classification, and was identified with a green jersey.
There was also a mountains classification. The organisation had categorized some climbs as either first, second, third, or fourth-category; points for this classification were won by the first cyclists that reached the top of these climbs first, with more points available for the higher-categorized climbs. The cyclist with the most points lead the classification, but was not identified with a jersey.
For the team classification, the times of the best three cyclists per team on each stage were added; the leading team was the team with the lowest total time. The riders in the team that lead this classification wore yellow caps.
Points classification.
The points classification was won by Jan Janssen.
Mountains classification.
The Mountains classification was won by Federico Bahamontes.
Team classification.
The team classification was won by Pelforth.
Other classifications.
The combativity award was given to Henri Anglade.

</doc>
<doc id="5871479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871479" title="HNLMS Tromp (F803)">
HNLMS Tromp (F803)

HNLMS "Tromp" (F803) (Dutch: "Zr. Ms. "Tromp"") is the second De Zeven Provinciën class frigate of the Royal Netherlands Navy. It was laid down in 1999, launched in 2001, and commissioned in 2003. The frigate is named after Dutch naval heroes Maarten Tromp (1598–1653) and Cornelis Tromp (1629–1691).
As of 18 June 2010, Commander René Tas is HNLMS "Tromp's" commanding officer.
The frigate should not be mistaken with the former HNLMS "Tromp" (F801), which was a Tromp class frigate built in the 1970s.
Theatre Ballistic Missile Tracking Exercises, 2006.
In November 2006, HNLMS "Tromp" participated in a live Theatre Ballistic Missile (TBM) Tracking Exercise (TRACKEX). The event took place on the Pacific Missile Range Facility off Hawaii. For the TRACKEX, HNLMS "Tromp" was equipped with the experimental Extended Long Range (ELR) modification to its Thales Nederland SMART-L radar. During the exercise, a ballistic missile surrogate was launched from Kauai Island and was successfully tracked by the HNLMS "Tromp" using its ELR-modified SMART-L radar. Another successful TRACKEX was held in December 2006.
Deployment to the Indian Ocean, 2010.
HNLMS "Tromp" deployed to the Indian Ocean off the coast of Africa as part of Operation Atalanta, which is composed of European Union naval units. The operation is tasked with suppression of piracy in the region.
On 14 March 2010, HNLMS "Tromp" responded to a distress call from the transport ship MV "Lubeck", which was under attack from two pirate skiffs. The "Tromp" launched her helicopter, which forced the whaler mother ship to stop. The "Tromp" then sent a boarding party to secure the vessel. The following day, the "Tromp" tracked down the two skiffs about 100 km from the whaler and stopped them. Crew from the "Tromp" sank the mother ship, and confiscated satellite phones, AK-47s, a rocket launcher, and boarding equipment.
Three days later, on 17 March 2010, HNLMS "Tromp" was involved in an incident with suspected pirates off the coast of eastern Africa. Two small boats approached the frigate at high speed. After realizing the "Tromp" was a warship, the pirates fled. However, the "Tromp" pursued and captured the two boats, along with a mother ship. The frigate destroyed the two boats and released the pirates to the mother ship, after it had been cleared of weapons.
On 5 April 2010, HNLMS "Tromp" rescued the container ship "MV Taipan" by rappelling 6 Marines from its Lynx helicopter (under covering fire from the helicopter and the "Tromp") to the deck of the "Taipan", resulting in the capture of 10 pirates. The 13 crew (2 German, 3 Russian, 8 Sri Lankan) were unharmed having taken refuge in a secure location after stopping the ship's engines.
State Visit Norway, 2010.
On 1 June 2010, Queen Beatrix visited Norway with the HNLMS "Tromp" for a 3-day state visit.
2011 Libyan civil war.
On her return to her homeport in February 2011 through the Mediterranean, the ship was deployed to the Gulf of Sidra to potentially assist in the safe return of Dutch nationals during the 2011 Libyan civil war. While performing an evacuation mission near the town of Sirte, a Lynx helicopter and its three man crew were captured by members of the Libyan Army. The Dutch engineer and Swedish woman they were trying to rescue were allowed to leave Libya; negotiations yielded the crew's release.

</doc>
<doc id="5871489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871489" title="Altschul">
Altschul

Altschul is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5871496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871496" title="G&amp;SWR 403 Class">
G&amp;SWR 403 Class

The Glasgow and South Western Railway (G&SWR) 'Austrian Goods' is a class of 2-6-0 (mogul) steam locomotive designed by Peter Drummond. 11 were built in 1915 by the North British Locomotive Company at its Queens Park works. Originally built as class 403, they became class 33 in 1916 and then class 51 in 1919. The first, 17824, was withdrawn in 1935 and the final one was 17829 in 1947, at which point it was the last Glasgow and South Western tender locomotive still in service. All were scrapped. A photo of the loco appears in David L. Smith's Book "Locomotives of the Glasgow & South Western Railway" page 126.
Nickname.
These mixed-traffic locomotives were given the nickname "Austrian Goods". The nickname was acquired because it was thought that the engines were built from materials that NBL had gathered for a contract for Austria which was cancelled when World War I broke out. However, according to David L. Smith (1976:126), there is no evidence for any such contract.

</doc>
<doc id="5871508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871508" title="Roger Williams Park Zoo">
Roger Williams Park Zoo

The Roger Williams Park Zoo of Providence, Rhode Island, USA houses over 100 species of rare animals in naturalistic settings. The park and zoo are named after the founder of Providence, Roger Williams, the 17th-century proponent of religious tolerance.
The zoo was founded in 1872, and is one of the oldest zoos in the nation. The zoo was closed from 1978 to 1980 for renovations.
Since the late 2000s, the zoo has been in the midst of a new renovation project, called "The New Zoo". Recent addition included a bald eagle exhibit, a giant anteater exhibit, river otters, tree shrews, Chinese alligators and renovation of the "Fabric of Africa" exhibit.
History.
The Roger Williams Park Zoo first opened in 1872. It began as a limited collection of small animals, including raccoons, guinea pigs, mouse, squirrels, rabbits, hawks, peacocks and anteaters. The zoo's first building, the Menagerie, opened in 1890. In the 1900s, the facility began to spread out over the entire park, featuring a variety of animals such as monkeys, hoofstock, bears, and big cats.
Many new exhibits opened over time. In 1929, the Menagerie building was converted to a birdhouse; this was followed by the opening of an elephant house in 1930. In the 1930s, a new sea lion pool was constructed. Bunny Village, one of the zoo's most popular exhibits, opened in 1949.
In the mid-1960s, the zoo started to show visible signs of neglect. In 1962, Sophie Danforth founded the Rhode Island Zoological Society, an organization to increase public awareness of the neglect, and to raise funds for improvement. Its goal is to provide public support for improvements to the Zoo, such as funding new exhibits, improving old exhibits, and providing the groundwork for research, educational programs, and zoo conservation. Today, Rhode Island Zoological Society remains as the non-profit organization that supports and manages the Zoo.
Like any other organization, the Society needed members to help complete their goals. Members would be kept informed and help promote visiting the zoo. Members paid dues, which went towards buying animals and zoo supplies. However, this was not enough. To fill the gaps, the Society opened a gift shop in 1970, as well as food concessions, and all funds benefited the zoo.
In 1978, the zoo closed for two years to embark upon an upgrade project. A children's nature center was added, as well as a naturalistic polar bear exhibit, a wetlands trail, and a North American bison exhibit. The zoo reopened on June 1, 1980. In the 1980s, a South American Pampas exhibit and a lemur exhibit were built. In 1986, the zoo's old barn was converted into an animal hospital, education department, and an administrative offices center. As a result, the zoo became the first in New England to receive accreditation from the Association of Zoos and Aquariums.
In 1987, a new master plan was formulated to dramatically expand the zoo over the next decade. Over time, many new exhibits were built, including a new sea lion exhibit (1987), a humboldt penguin exhibit (1988), "Plains of Africa" (1991/1993), "Madagascar" (1995), and "Marco Polo Trail" (1996). In 1989, the old Menagerie building was once again renovated - this time into a new gift shop.
Another master plan was formulated in the late 2000s, dubbed "The New Zoo". Almost every area of the zoo will be affected and the changes will be momentous – all aimed at enhancing the visitor’s experience and understanding of the natural world. Capital improvements include renovations on the "Plains of Africa" exhibit, renaming it "Fabric of Africa". The renovated area includes an outdoor elephant enclosure twice as big as the previous one with an immersion pool for bathing. A new veterinary hospital opened in the spring of 2011, helping to ensure continued top-notch healthcare for the zoo’s animal collection. In 2012, Hasbro's Our Big Backyard, an interactive playspace, was opened. Featuring hands-on educational fun and an interactive tree house, it opened June 4, with a second phase featuring native New England animals scheduled for completion in 2014. Originally the North American trail was supposed to host the return of the polar bears, but due to the economic downturn the zoo has decided that a new polar bear exhibit was not feasible. Because of that, the zoo is now planning for a big cat exhibit as an alternative, and in the summer of 2012 opened new exhibits for takins, red river hogs, and king vultures.
Animals and Exhibits.
The zoo is home to more than 100 species of animals, many of which are rare. Major exhibits at the zoo include:
Other exhibits include the Feinstein Junior Scholar Wetlands Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="5871521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871521" title="Brian Handley">
Brian Handley

Brian Handley (21 June 1936 – 5 March 1982) was an English football centre-forward. He was born in Wakefield, West Yorkshire.
Handley joined Aston Villa in September 1957 from Goole Town, but had to wait until the 1959-60 season for his league debut. He moved to Torquay United in September 1960, scoring 32 goals in 82 games for Eric Webber's side before dropping into non-league football. 
In February 1966, he joined Rochdale from Bridgwater Town, but played only three times before leaving league football once more.

</doc>
<doc id="5871529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871529" title="Hashtnagar">
Hashtnagar

Hashtnagar (Sanskrit अष्टनगरम् aṣṭanagaram, Hindko: , Pashto: , Urdu: ) is one of the two constituent parts of Charsadda District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The name Hashtnagar is derived from Sanskrit अष्टनगरम् aṣṭanagaram, n., "The eight towns" from Sanskrit aṣṭa, num. card., "Eight" and नगर nagara, n., "settlement, locality, town". The descriptive later being influenced by the Pashto asht, num., "eight". The etymology "Eight Towns", refers to the eight major settlements situated in this region. These are:
Class struggle.
Hashtnagar is known for its militant socialist struggle of peasants led by the Mazdoor Kisan Party which has resulted in various positive developments of the area.
History.
Buddhist period.
Hashtnagar is known for an early Buddhist statue. The Original name of Hashtnagar was "Ashtanagaram", "Ashta" means Eight in Sanskrit and "Nagaram" meaning "Town".
Modern era.
In 1812 the Asiatick Society (Calcutta, India) described the Gujars of Afghanistan as brave, mainly pastoral, and numerous in Hashtnagar district. The Muhammadzai (Charsadda) were also mentioned as a powerful tribe in the area.
Media.
A documentary, exploring the political and cultural life of Hashtnagar, has been made by Ammar Aziz which is the first ever film on the subject . It features the local artists and political activists and romanticizes the communist movement of the area.
Notable people.
Afzal Shah Khamoosh 

</doc>
<doc id="5871534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871534" title="Peter Drummond (engineer)">
Peter Drummond (engineer)

Peter Drummond (1850–1918) was a Scottish Locomotive Superintendent with the Highland Railway from 1896 to 1911 and with the Glasgow and South Western Railway from 1912 to 1918. He was the younger brother of the engineer Dugald Drummond. 
Locomotives.
Locomotives designed by Peter Drummond include:

</doc>
<doc id="5871545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871545" title="Campos, Majorca">
Campos, Majorca

Campos is a municipality on the island of Majorca, Spain, located on the south side of the island in the comarca of Migjorn. It borders the municipalities Llucmajor, Porreres, Felanitx, Santanyí, and ses Salines.
The urban centers are the village of Campos and two tourist towns, sa Ràpita and ses Covetes. There are seven population centers in all.
Economy.
The economy of this municipality has been linked to agriculture since its foundation. Its lands are fertile and it uses irrigation cultivation.
Today the two coastal towns have developed because of tourism.
External links.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5871559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871559" title="Fulla (doll)">
Fulla (doll)

Fulla is the name of an 11½ inch Barbie-like fashion doll marketed to children of Islamic and Middle-Eastern countries as an alternative to Barbie. Her concept evolved around 1999, and she hit stores in late 2003. Fulla was created by a UAE manufacturer from Dubai called NewBoy FZCO. Fulla is also sold in China, Brazil, North Africa, Egypt, and Indonesia, while a few are sold in the United States. Although there had been many other dolls in the past that were created with a hijab, such as Razanne and Moroccan Barbie, none of them had ever been as popular as Fulla due to launching alongside a marketing campaign aired on the then-popular television channel Spacetoon. Fulla is a role-model to some Muslim people, displaying how many Muslim people would prefer their daughters to dress and behave.
Development and information.
Appearance.
At first, Fulla was developed to have long coal black hair streaked with auburn and brown eyes, but later, dolls with lighter hair and eyes were introduced. The product development team considered about 10 different faces before deciding on her look. She was dressed in a black abaya and head scarf for the Saudi market, but no veil in other markets; because the product development didn't want to "go to extremes." For more liberal countries, Fulla has a white scarf and pastel coat. Her outdoor clothes have since become more colorful, but her shoulders are always covered and the skirt always falls below her knees, as traditionally Muslim women are expected to dress conservatively. She can also be found wearing half- and quarter-sleeve dresses, but not sleeveless.
Muslim values.
Fulla is more popular than Barbie in Saudi Arabia, because Barbie promotes values not shared by society. In September 2003 the Middle Eastern country of Saudi Arabia outlawed the sale of Barbie dolls, saying that she did not conform to the ideals of Islam. Fulla was created as an alternative for Barbie to reflect Muslim values. She is named for a fragrant jasmine flower found only in the Middle East. Her personality was designed to be "loving, caring, honest, and respectsof her mother and father. She's good to her friends. She's honest and doesn't lie. She likes reading. She also likes and admires sophisticated fashion." Fulla has two friends, Yasmeen and Nada, as well as a little brother and sister. An older protective brother is in development for her, as well as a teacher and doctor Fulla, which are two careers that Fulla's creators believe to be a respectable NewBoyble. Fulla will not have a boyfriend, because traditional Muslims do not believe in romantic relationships out of wedlock. Fulla's creators believe that Muslim parents become angry by the Western-inspired changes in views on sexuality, especially outside of marriage, meaning that Fulla is supposed to show traditional Islamic values and social order. She does, however, have many costumes, in addition to the hijab, that reflect the everyday wear of Muslim girls nowadays in some Middle Eastern countries that conform to Muslim values, yet are still considered fashionable in the West.
Advertising.
In Saudi Arabia, animated commercials display Fulla's life, such as showing the doll reciting her morning Fajr, baking a cake to surprise her friend, or reading a book at bedtime. Abidin says that these scenes are "designed to convey Fulla's values" and show what behaviour Fulla is promoting. Often, her commercials begin with her singing in a high voice in Arabic: ""She will soon be by my side, and I can tell her my deepest secrets"". Another series of commercials advertises her to be family-orientated, showing a group of Syrian actresses displaying Fulla silverware, stationery, and accessories. Fulla's commercials often promote modest outfits, such as one which warned, "When you take Fulla out of the house, don't forget her new spring abaya!"
Differences from Barbie.
Fulla and Barbie are alike in many ways, such as in size, and height, that Fulla is sometimes nicknamed a 'Muslim Barbie'. Differences between them include lifestyle and appearance. Fulla's activities mostly include shopping, spending time with her friends, cooking, reading, and praying. Barbie dolls come in a wide range of hobbies and careers. According to the brand manager at NewBoy, there will be a doctor and a teacher Fulla in the future, as "these are two respected careers for women that we would like to encourage small girls to follow." 
Although they both have a wide range of clothes, furniture, jewelry, and other equipment, Fulla's outdoor clothes do not include swimwear or anything similarly revealing. Skirts are longer than knee-length, and Fulla's shoulders are always covered. Compared to Barbie's curves, thin legs, and large breasts, Fulla has a smaller chest, is thinner, and may be younger than Barbie. While the standard Barbie has blond hair, blue eyes, and fair skin, the standard Fulla has dark hair, brown eyes, and olive skin. Despite this, they are both criticized "for presenting the same unrealistic idea of beauty... a certain image for women to conform to." Fulla was actually once described to be the physical antithesis of Mattel's Barbie.
Fulla was designed to promote Muslim values and be a role model for Muslim girls worldwide, whereas Barbie is targeted to Americans. Fulla has no male companion whereas Barbie has Ken.
Popularity.
Fulla is sold with a line of accessories, including umbrellas, watches, bicycles, corn flakes, cameras, CD players, inflatable chairs, and swimming pools. She was designed to be unlike Barbie and to be the traditional Muslim woman whose life revolves around home and family. Some Muslim parents have claimed that if girls dress their dolls in headscarves, they will be more encouraged to wear a hijab themselves. Fulla has been praised as giving girls a Muslim role model.
In many of the countries in which the doll is sold, Fulla is relatively expensive at about $10 for the standard doll. Because of this, NewBoy created a cheaper version of the doll called Fulla Style.
Fulla Magazine.
NewBoy library is considered the electronic portal to access all educational materials such as "books and electronic magazines" related to NewBoy products like Fulla for example. 
Launched in Oct. 2006, the monthly Fulla magazine is published in Arabic and is targeted at young females up to twelve years of age.
The 48-page magazine covers a number of topics, stories and activities.
Over 45,000 copies are distributed throughout the Gulf region and the Levant.

</doc>
<doc id="5871562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871562" title="National Criminal Justice Reference Service">
National Criminal Justice Reference Service

The National Criminal Justice Reference Service (NCJRS) is a Federally sponsored program that shares publications and other information including grants and funding opportunities and upcoming trainings and conferences from the United States Department of Justice's Office of Justice Programs (OJP) agencies and National Institute of Corrections (NIC). NCJRS also maintains a criminal justice library and serves as a resource for law enforcement and other criminal justice agencies. 
NCJRS services and resources are available to anyone interested in crime, victim assistance, and public safety including policymakers, practitioners, researchers, educators, community leaders, and the general public. NCJRS hosts one of the largest criminal and juvenile justice libraries and databases in the world, the NCJRS Abstracts Database. The collection, with holdings from the early 1970s to the present, contains more than 210,000 publications, reports, articles, and audiovisual products from the United States and around the world. These resources include including Federal, state, and local government reports, books, research reports, journal articles, and unpublished research. 

</doc>
<doc id="5871564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871564" title="Charles P. Boyle">
Charles P. Boyle

Charles P. Boyle (1892–1968) enjoyed his first credit as a cinematographer in 1925. Three years later, he was the director of photography on one of the silent cinema's biggest comedy hits, "Tillie's Punctured Romance". He was second unit director on the Errol Flynn swashbuckler "The Adventures of Robin Hood" in 1938 and did additional work on "Duel in the Sun" in 1946.
He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Cinematography in 1945 for his adventurous work on the Gene Kelly musical, "Anchors Aweigh", a film famous for Kelly's dance with Jerry, of Tom and Jerry fame.
Boyle did a lot of work for the Disney studios in the late 1940s and 1950s, including the live action sections of "Fun and Fancy Free" (1947), "Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier" (1955) and - his last film - "Old Yeller" (1957).

</doc>
<doc id="5871566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871566" title="Panayiotis Kokoras">
Panayiotis Kokoras

Panayiotis Kokoras (; born 1974, Ptolemaida) is an internationally award-winning composer and computer music innovator. Kokoras's sound compositions use timbre as the main element of form. His concept of "holophony" describes his goal that each independent sound (phonos), contributes equally into the synthesis of the total (holos). In both instrumental and electroacoustic writing, his music calls upon a "virtuosity of sound," emphasizing the precise production of variable sound possibilities and the correct distinction between one timbre and another to convey the musical ideas and structure of the piece.
His compositional output is also informed by musical research in Music Information Retrieval compositional strategies, Extended techniques, Tactile sound, Augmented reality, Robotics, Spatial Sound, Synesthesia. 
He is founding member of the Hellenic Electroacoustic Music Composers Association (HELMCA) and from 2004 to 2012 he was board member and president.
Studies.
Kokoras studied composition with I. Ioannidi and Anri Kergomard as well as classical guitar with E. Asimakopoulo in Athens. In 1999 he moved to England, for postgraduate studies at the University of York, where he completed his MA and PhD in composition with T. Myatt with funds from the Arts and Humanities Research Board (AHRB) and Aleksandra Trianti Music Scholarships (Society Friends of Music) among others.
Compositions.
His works have been commissioned by institutes and festivals such as the Fromm Music Foundation (Harvard), IRCAM (France), MATA (New York), Gaudeamus (Netherlands), ZKM (Germany), IMEB (France), Siemens Musikstiftung (Germany) and have been performed in over 400 concerts around the world.
Distinctions.
His compositions have received 61 distinctions and prizes in international competitions, and have been selected by juries in more than 130 international calls for scores.
Teaching.
As an educator, Kokoras has taught at the Technological and Educational Institute of Crete, and, the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki (Greece). Since fall 2012 he has been appointed Assistant Professor at the University of North Texas.
Articles.
Panayiotis Kokoras, Olivier Pasque (2008) Conference of Intersciplinary Musicology (CIM) Sound Scale: perspectives on the contribution of flute's sound classification to musical structure. Greece.[http://web.auth.gr/cim08/proceedings_.htm]
Panayiotis Kokoras (2007) Journal of Music and Meaning (JMM) Towards a Holophonic Musical Texture. JMM 4, Winter 2007, section 5. University of Southern Denmark. Denmark.[http://www.musicandmeaning.net/issues/showArticle.php?artID=4.5]
Panayiotis Kokoras (2005) Electronic Musicological Review – Vol. IX October 2005 - Morphopoiesis: A general procedure for structuring form. Federal University of Paraná. Brazil.[http://www.rem.ufpr.br/REMv9-1/kokoras.html]
Discography.
His music is published by Spectrum Press, NOR, Miso Musica, SAN/CEC, Independent Opposition Records, ICMC2004 and distributed in limited editions by LOSS, Host Artists Group, Musica Nova, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="5871573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871573" title="Buxton Festival">
Buxton Festival

The Buxton Festival is an annual summer festival of opera, music, and (since 2000) a literary series, held in Buxton, Derbyshire in England since it began in July 1979. 
History.
The origins of the Festival date back to 1936 when an annual drama festival was held until 1942 in conjunction with the London-based Old Vic Theatre Company. During the early 1970s, it was best known as one of the UK's most prominent rock festivals, with most major rock bands of the day appearing, including Mott The Hoople, The Faces, Lindisfarne, Canned Heat, Chuck Berry, Nazareth, Edgar Broughton Band, Groundhogs, Sensational Alex Harvey Band, Medicine Head, Brewers Droop, Roy Wood and Wizzard. During July 2007, it was the subject of several features on Jeff Cooper's 'Cooper Collection' show on 106.6 Smooth Radio, whose transmission area includes much of Derbyshire.
Inspired to encourage the restoration of the Buxton Opera House, a classic Frank Matcham building, much respected conductor Anthony Hose (then Head of Music at Welsh National Opera) and Malcolm Fraser (then lecturing in opera at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester) saw its potential as a venue for an opera festival. With David Rigby,who provided the business input, they spent three years planning the first one while restoration was underway. The restored Buxton Opera House was the venue for the first Buxton Festival in 1979 with presentations of "Lucia di Lammermoor" (in its first ever complete performance in Britain), followed by Peter Maxwell Davies' "The Two Fiddlers".
Productions and performers.
From these first successes, the Festival has made a significant impact on the operatic culture of Britain with new productions of rarely performed operas (such as Britten's "Let's Make an Opera" (1980); Domenico Cimarosa's "Il matrimonio segreto" (1981 & 1993); Kodály's "Háry János" (in its British stage premiere in 1982); Vivaldi's "Griselda" (1983, but not seen anywhere since its original Venice presentation in 1735); Cherubini's Médée (1984, in its original French dialogue never seen in Britain); and, from 1986, many productions of Handel's operas, as well as many others by Cimarosa (in 1989 it presented three).
Performers of the quality of Thomas Allen, Rosalind Plowright, Jean Rigby, Alan Opie, Nigel Kennedy, Cleo Laine, John Ogdon, Alan Bates, Dame Janet Baker, Victoria de los Ángeles, Dame Margaret Price and Sarah Brightman. The current resident orchestra at the festival () is the Northern Chamber Orchestra.
Since 2002, the Festival has presented five or six operas each summer. In 2006 it presented eight operas ranging from Mozart's early "Apollo and Hyacinth" to Dmitri Shostakovich's "The Nose", but including works by Telemann, Monteverdi, Gluck, Britten and Bizet.
The Buxton Festival Fringe.
The Buxton Festival Fringe is an annual open arts festival running at approximately the same time as the Buxton Festival (2014 dates are July 9-27). The festival hosts comedy, theatre, dance, music, street performances, film, performance art, talks and shows for children as well as other impromptu events. The festival celebrated its 30th anniversary in 2009, and that year boasted a record 140 entries with over 500 individual performances. The number of entries has been gradually rising with some 170 in 2013 adding up to nearly 600 individual performances. This makes it one of the largest fully independent Fringes in the United Kingdom, along with Brighton Festival Fringe and Edinburgh Fringe. As well using around fifty venues around the town and outside it, Fringe 2013 includes the professionally managed venue group at Underground Venues. Since 2011 Underground Venues has been programming events at the newly refurbished Pavilion Arts Centre and Studio with Ed Reardon, Isy Suttie and Henning Wehn being among the artists who have featured.
The festival is followed by the International Gilbert & Sullivan Festival, which runs for three weeks in August each year.

</doc>
<doc id="5871592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871592" title="Ophiopogon">
Ophiopogon

Ophiopogon (lilyturf) is a genus of evergreen perennial plants with about 65 species, native to warm temperate to tropical east, southeast, and south Asia. Despite their grasslike appearance, they are not closely related to the true grasses Poaceae. The name of the genus is derived from Greek Όφις "ophis", "snake", and πόγὦν "pogon", "beard", most probably referring to its leaves and tufted growth. In the APG III classification system, it is placed in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Nolinoideae (formerly the family Ruscaceae). Like many lilioid monocots, it was formerly classified in the Liliaceae.
They grow from short rhizomes, and bear tufts of leaves, from which flowers emerge in racemes held on short stems above the leaves. 
Cultivation and uses.
Some species such as "Ophiopogon japonicus" and "Ophiopogon planiscapus" are used as ground cover plants.
In Chinese medicine the tuber of "Ophiopogon japonicus", known as mai men dong, is the cardinal herb for yin deficiency. According to the Chinese Herbal Medicine "Materia Medica", the herb is sweet, slightly bitter and slightly cold, enters the heart, lung and stomach channels and nourishes the yin of the stomach, spleen, heart and lungs and clears heat and quiets irritability. It is used for hacking dry coughs, dry tongue and mouth and constipation. Liriope (genus) is used as a substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="5871596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871596" title="Chuba Okadigbo">
Chuba Okadigbo

Dr. Chuba Wilberforce Okadigbo (December 17, 1941 – September 25, 2003), was President of the Senate of Nigeria. He was sometimes referred to as "Oyi of Oyi" in reference to his local government council area (Oyi); he also held numerous political positions in the Nigeria government. He was known to be opposed to the ruling Peoples Democratic Party of Nigeria, which was led by President Olusẹgun Ọbasanjọ from the year 1999 - 2007.
Biography.
After graduating in Washington, D.C., Chuba Okadigbo became Assistant professor, later adjunct associate professor of philosophy University of the District of Columbia, adjunct assistant professor of politics the Catholic University of America, and adjunct assistant professor of politics Howard University. He accomplished all these from 1973 to 1975.
Between 1975 and 1978, he became director-general center for inter-discilinary and political studies, and a lecturer in philosophy University of Nigeria, Nsukka. He also became a professor of philosophy Bigard Memorial Senior Seminary Catholic Mission in Enugu State.
In 1979, he was appointed as a Special Adviser to then president, Shehu Shagari. At the dawn of the fourth republic, He was elected into the National Assembly (Anambra North) and he became President of the Nigerian Senate, after the impeachment of Evan Enwerem. However, in 2000, he was charged of corruption and impeached, officially demoting him from Senate President to a senator.
In 2002 Okadigbo decamped to the All Nigeria Peoples Party to become Muhammadu Buhari's running mate in the 2003 Presidential elections, but lost to the People's Democratic Party candidates (Olusẹgun Ọbasanjọ and Atiku Abubakar) by a landslide victory. Because of possible mass rigging, his party later took the matter to the supreme court that year.
A day after campaigning in Kano State, He died in Abuja due to breathing problem; on September 25, 2003. Though, some people around Nigeria questioned whether or not the tear gas used during the rally was poisonous.
References.
CHUBA OKADIGBO: A big tree has fallen (1941–2003) - [http://www.usafricaonline.com/chubaokadigbo.chido2003.html]
Nigeria: old wine in new bottles? - [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/talking_point/debates/african/872475.stm]
Nigeria: Corruption Timeline - [http://www.globalintegrity.org/reports/2004/2004/country1323.html?cc=ng&act=timeline]
Nigeria's senate president impeached - [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/871677.stm]

</doc>
<doc id="5871597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871597" title="Storm Large">
Storm Large

Storm Large (born Susan Storm Large, June 25, 1969) is a singer, songwriter, actor, and author. She attracted national attention as a contestant on the CBS reality television show "". For many years solely a rock artist, in recent years she has branched out into the theater and cabaret world. A resident of Portland, Oregon, she currently balances performing with her own band in venues around the country and touring with the Portland-based band Pink Martini around the world.
Personal life.
Storm Large was born and raised in suburban Southborough, Massachusetts. Since around age five, she started singing and writing songs. She graduated in 1987 from St. Mark's School, a prestigious private school whose alumni include Ben Bradlee, Prince Hashim of Jordan, and Franklin Delano Roosevelt III. Her father Henry Large was a history teacher there, as well as the football team coach before he retired.
After high school, she attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York., where she earned an associates degree in 1989.
In the early 1990s Storm moved to California and the San Francisco Bay Area.
Storm moved to Portland, Oregon in 2002, originally planning to quit music and attend the Western Culinary Institute, but at the urging of friends and in particular Frank Faillace, owner of the Portland rock club Dante's, she began singing again with a band she called "The Balls".
Storm is bisexual, though she dislikes the term and instead calls herself "sexually omnivorous."
Career.
While in San Francisco Storm formed the bands Flower SF, Storm and Her Dirty Mouth, and Storm, Inc. Storm also performed with Michael Cavasito as the duo Storm and Michael or Storm and Friends.
Storm, Inc. featured Shaunna Hall of 4 Non Blondes and P-Funk fame as a rhythm guitarist. Shaunna was featured on "The Calm Years" LP and toured with the band for a few months after the album's release.
On January 12, 2012, Storm published a memoir titled Crazy Enough. It is an expansion on her cabaret show produced by Portland Center Stage. The book, published by Free Press, is an account of her growing up with a mother with psychological issues, her stint as a competitive rower, and her eventual successes.
The Balls.
The Balls, also known as Storm and the Balls, were formed in May/June 2002 after Large moved to Portland from San Francisco. Storm and the Balls consisted of Davey Loprinzi (aka "Hotrod" Davey Nipples, formerly of Sweaty Nipples) on bass guitar, James Beaton on keyboards, and Brian Parnel on drums. The Balls drew what local media called a "cult-like" following in clubs, primarily during Wednesday night shows at Dante's. They perform "lounge-core, mash-up" renditions of artists such as ABBA, Black Sabbath, Cheap Trick, Billy Idol, Led Zeppelin, Motörhead and Olivia Newton-John as well as their own compositions. Large worked part-time as a bartender at Dante's when not touring with The Balls. The Balls opened for Everclear, Nina Hagen, Hank 3, Pleasure Club, and Nancy Sinatra, to name a few.
The Balls' Davey Nipples and James Beaton were also touring musicians with Everclear. Drummer Brian Parnell was formerly in the band Motherload.
Storm has also sung with John Doe, Rufus Wainwright, China Forbes, Darcelle, George Clinton, Katey Sagal, Michael McKean, Eric McFadden and Animotion.
Drumattica.
During live shows, Storm has filled in for Jen Folker on vocals alongside Rob Wynia (of Floater) with Drumattica out of Portland.
San Francisco.
Before moving to Portland, she performed in the San Francisco Bay Area with her former bands Storm Inc., Storm and Her Dirty Mouth, and FlowerSF. During that time, she tended bar at Rat and Raven in Noe Valley.
Theatre.
Large played Sally Bowles in a Portland Center Stage (PCS) production of the musical "Cabaret". PCS is also the site of the premiere of her autobiographical musical "Crazy Enough".
She has finished filming "Rid of Me" (by James Westby), starring Katie O'Grady, John Keyser, Theresa Russell, and Art Alexakis.
In 2008 Storm Large premiered her autobiographical, one woman show, "Crazy Enough" at Portland Center State. She got rave reviews. The show appeared at the Edinburgh fringe festival in 2010 and Off-Broadway in the spring of 2011.
She appeared in Randy Newman's "Harps and Angels" at the Mark Taper Forum from November 10 - December 22, 2010.
She has a cameo appearance as a German milkmaid in the feature film, "Bucksville" (dir. Chel White), starring Thomas Stroppel.
Television.
"Rock Star".
Large is most widely known for her appearances as a contestant on '. She was eliminated on September 6, 2006 (in the last show before the season finale). After elimination, host Dave Navarro recorded a guitar track for her single "Ladylike" and she was slated to open for the band Rock Star Supernova on tour in January 2007, though she and fellow contestant Magni Ásgeirsson were dropped from the billing for financial reasons. On October 14, 2006, "Ladylike" debuted at #5 on "Billboards "Hot Singles Sales" chart.
Other appearances.
In addition to being a contestant on "Rock Star: Supernova", Large appeared as a guest on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" on September 11, 2006. She discussed her childhood (and her unique name) with Ellen and performed Queen's "We Are the Champions" with Paul Mirkovich from the "Rock Star: Supernova" house band accompanying her on piano.
On September 26, 2006, Large sang "The Star-Spangled Banner" on the second season finale of ESPN reality television show "The Contender". She performed the national anthem again on November 4, 2006 at the Portland Trail Blazers' opening home game of their 2006-2007 NBA season. The broadcast appeared on Fox Sports Northwest, the Seattle and Portland affiliate of Fox Sports Net.
Storm appeared in a street interview in an episode of "Real Sex" on HBO.
After Pink Martini vocalist China Forbes underwent vocal chord surgery, she toured with the band from July 4 through December 16, 2011 as a temporary replacement, then joined the band on 2013 album Get Happy and as co-lead singer on the followup world tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5871618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871618" title="Ital Dub">
Ital Dub

Ital Dub is an album by Augustus Pablo originally released in 1974 and sees Tommy Cowan and Warwick Lyn replacing Clive Chin on production duties. The album also features King Tubby as Engineer, a role he would later reprise a number of times during Pablo's career.
NB : Ital Dub is also the name of a Studio One Dub album by Dub Specialist, produced by C.S. Dodd http://www.downbeat-special.co.uk/DUB/italdub.html

</doc>
<doc id="5871629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871629" title="Moaning Cavern">
Moaning Cavern

Moaning Cavern is a solutional cave located near Vallecito, California in the heart of the state's Gold Country. It is developed in marble of the Calaveras Formation. It was discovered in modern times by gold miners in 1851, but it has long been known as an interesting geological feature by prehistoric peoples. It gets its name from the moaning sound that echoed out of the cave luring people to the entrance.
The portion of the cave developed for tourists consists of a spacious vertical shaft 165 feet tall, which is descended by a combination of stairs and a unique spiral staircase built in the early 1900s. It is open to the public for walking tours, rappelling, and spelunking. Including the off-trail areas, the cave reaches a depth of 410 feet.
Moaning Cavern is also an archaeological site, where some of the oldest human remains known in America were discovered. The cave has long been the resting spot for the bodies of prehistoric people who fell into its opening.
The Main Chamber.
Moaning Cavern is home of the largest single cave chamber in California. The massive room reaches over 180 feet before funneling into smaller passageways. With a 20 30 foot thick ceiling, the open area inside the chamber is, in fact, tall enough to hold the Statue of Liberty (pedestal excluded). There is only one natural entrance into the chamber in the form of a 30 foot vertical chimney dropping into the center of the room. This does make commercial entry a little difficult so dynamite was used in the mid 1800's to expand a natural crack in the ground wide enough for stairs to be built down. The narrow wooden staircase ends at a flat platform 65 feet underground. From there, a ten story spiral staircase leads down to a second platform at the base of the chamber.
Tourism in the Cavern.
The large chamber of Moaning Cavern draws large numbers of guest every year to see the beauty of the cave. As of today, there are two ways to enter the main chamber. The most typical mean of entry is the walking tour. The walking tour takes the stairs all the way to the floor of the chamber, 165 feet below the visitors center, on a 45 minute informative trip. There is also a more adventurous way into the cave. The natural entrance was converted into a rappelling route in the mid 80's. Now guest are welcome to rappel down a vertical cavern sixteen and half stories to the floor of the chamber. This adventure does seem like a manageable task but it is not for the faint of heart. After the first 30 feet down the chimney, you pop into the ceiling of the cavern nearly 15 stories above the floor.
The Adventure Tour.
After seeing the impressive size of the main cavern chamber, if there is some desire remaining to go further underground, there is the option of The Adventure Tour. The main chamber only extends the first one-third of the cave's total depth. Beyond that, the cave continues down more narrow passageways to a total depth of 410 feet. The adventure tour takes some of the adventurous visitors down through a portion of the passageways below. While nobody travels down to the very bottom anymore, the adventure tour is still enough to keep people crawling underground on their hands and knees for a period of several hours. The crawling tour takes you roughly 70 feet below the floor of the main chamber through several narrow passageways named the Meat Grinder, Pancake Squeeze, Birth Canal, and finally climb up and out of Santa's Worst Nightmare (a 30 ft chimney).

</doc>
<doc id="5871632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871632" title="Mattie Hunter">
Mattie Hunter

Mattie Hunter is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 3rd district since 2003. She is the Senate secretary for the Illinois Legislative Black Caucus.
Early life.
Hunter is a native of Chicago. She earned a degree in Government from Monmouth College and went on to get a Master’s degree in Sociology from Jackson State University. She is also a certified alcohol and drug counselor and prevention specialist.
Public service.
From 1982 to 2000, Hunter served in numerous capacities with Human Resources Development Institute, Inc. (HRDI). She was the Managing Director of the Center for Health and Human Services located in Johannesburg, South Africa from 1994 to 1996. She participated, coordinated and presented lectures at numerous health and human services conferences in Zimbabwe, Nigeria, and Zambia. Those conferences include Human Resources Development Institute/ South African Department of Health Workshop and the U.S. State Department Alcohol and Drug abuse taskforce.
Senate career.
Hunter was appointed senator in 2003 to assume the seat vacated by Senator Margaret Smith. 
As senator, Hunter has sponsored legislation to ban the sale, distribution, and manufacture of mercury fever thermometer and encouraging the creation of family friendly workshops. She also pushed for legislation that would fund a study to determine the best methods to treat obesity. To honor Illinois native, Jane Addams, Hunter helped pass a bill to designate December 10 as Jane Addams Day. 
Hunter is Vice Chairman of the Senate Health and Human Services Committee, she also serves on the Senate Local Government and Senate Government Committees.

</doc>
<doc id="5871636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871636" title="Zahra Mansouri">
Zahra Mansouri

Zahra Mansouri () is a Moroccan poet. Her poems were published in: "The Poetry of Arab Women : A Contemporary Anthology", United States, ed. Interlink Books, 2001, (ISBN 1-56656-374-7).

</doc>
<doc id="5871638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871638" title="George Kay">
George Kay

George Kay (21 September 1891 – 18 April 1954) was an English football player and manager of West Ham Utd, Luton Town, Southampton and Liverpool.
The highlight of his playing career was when he captained West Ham United in the first FA Cup final to be played at Wembley, the so-called White Horse Final. 
He was manager of Liverpool for 15 years (1936–1951) and led them to the Football League title in 1947, the first post-war football season.
Playing career.
Kay was born in Manchester and joined Bolton Wanderers in 1911. After failing to agree re-signing terms, he joined Belfast club Distillery at the start of the 1911–12 season, helping to win the Gold Cup and the CAS despite a long-term injury interrupting his playing career, and becoming the first Englishman to captain an Irish Football League representative team. 
He served with the Royal Garrison Artillery during the First World War and, following the war, he moved back to England and joined West Ham in July 1919, where he spent the next seven seasons. He made his debut at home against Barnsley in September 1919 and, having taken over the captaincy from Billy Cope for the 1922–23 season, led the West Ham side that gained promotion to the First Division and reached the FA Cup Final against his former club, Bolton Wanderers, in 1923. This was the first FA Cup final to be played at Wembley, the so-called White Horse Final. He was one of the few members of the Cup Final side never to win an international cap but became the first West Ham player to play over 200 league games for the club.
Even at this age, Kay's health was never good and on a tour of Spain in 1926 he fell ill and he remained in Spain for three weeks before he was fit enough to return to England. As a result he retired from active playing, although he did turn out twice for Stockport County in 1927.
Management career.
Luton Town.
In 1927, he became coach at Luton Town, before moving up to manager in 1929. In his two seasons as manager, the Hatters languished in mid-table in the Third Division South, finishing 13th and 7th, before Kay accepted the challenge to run Southampton in May 1931.
Southampton.
He joined Southampton in May 1931, following the resignation of Arthur Chadwick, who had stood down after Saints had embarked on a policy of selling their best players to survive financially.
In an effort to rebuild the club's fortunes and help them survive during these difficult times financially, Kay created Saints' first nursery side, and before long a new generation of young players came into the first team having come through the nursery ranks, including Ted Drake (who later joined Arsenal and played for England) and Charlie Sillett (father of John and Peter), thus ushering in a new era for the club.
Kay ""was tremendously enthusiastic and he worked hard throughout his stay at The Dell, using up a considerable amount of nervous energy at every match. He 'played' every kick and his body would visibly vibrate to the stresses and strains on the playing field"".
During Kay's five seasons at The Dell, Southampton languished in Division 2, finishing each season in the lower half of the table and being eliminated from the FA Cup each year in the early stages. He started his Southampton career brightly with an opening day victory over Burnley on 29 August 1931 and by mid-September they topped the division. Such form could not last, however, and injuries soon resulted in the club sliding down the table. Kay was unable to field a settled side and used 30 different players during the season, including six different centre forwards. Other than the emergence of youngsters such as Drake and Sillett, the bright spots of this first season in charge were Johnny Arnold, who was top scorer with 20 goals, and Arthur Haddleton, who scored in eight consecutive games at the start of the season.
During the 1932 close season, in order to balance the books several players left the club including Bill Fraser, Bert Jepson and Haddleton (who all joined Fulham), Johnny McIlwaine (who joined Llanelli after failure to agree terms) and Willie Haines, who retired to join Weymouth. Despite the large number of departures the team had a more settled look about it and during the 1932–33 season Kay had a squad of 15 players of whom twelve were the mainstay of the side. Led by Ted Drake, the team improved slightly on the previous season, winning a club record 15 out of 21 home matches, but only registering three away victories. Unfortunately, once again the directors needed to raise cash and in February 1933 they sold Arnold and Mike Keeping to Fulham for a combined fee of £5,000. Jimmy McIntyre, the former Saints manager now in charge at Fulham boasted that this was "the best deal I ever brought off". The fans were now disillusioned with the club and attendances dropped to record lows, with only 2,949 turning out for the match against Bradford City on 25 February, well below the break-even target of 14,000. Despite the financial difficulties faced by the club, the team were not badly affected and ended the season in mid-table.
In the 1933–34 season, Saints equalled the record of 15 home victories, but their away form was abysmal failing to win even once and picking up only six draws. The most significant events of the season involved Ted Drake, who scored a hat trick in the opening day's match against Bradford City, was sent off against Grimsby Town in December and, inevitably, was sold for a record fee of £6,000 to Arsenal in March. Despite finishing his Saints season two months early, Drake was comfortably the side's top scorer with 22 league goals, with no other player managing more than six. As a result of their poor away form, Saints ended the season well down the table in 14th place.
The departure of Drake, although balancing the club's finances, left a large gap in the Saints forward line which Kay was not able to fill satisfactorily. In the summer of 1934, Kay signed Laurie Fishlock from Millwall as a winger and promoted Norman Cole from the reserves, but the side lacked any real firepower. McIlwaine returned from his "exile" at Llanelli in an effort to bolster the defence. The season started badly with only two points from the first five games. The depressing form continued until Christmas, when the team won three consecutive matches, including their first away victory (against Swansea Town) ending a run of 33 away games without a win. They managed only one further away victory and were serious candidates for relegation, finishing the season in 19th place. Cole was top scorer with eight league goals as Saints managed a miserly total of only 46 goals. The club's finances were now so dire that the supporters club had to make a loan of £200 to help finance the summer wage bill.
1935–36 was Southampton's fiftieth season since their original formation in 1885, but the club approached their jubilee season in a gloomy state with little to celebrate. They did, however, venture into the transfer market signing centre-forward Vic Watson from Kay's former club West Ham United. The team made a superb start to the season with four wins and two draws in the first six games and by the end of September Saints were top of the table. Once again, this form could not be sustained, and only three further games were won before the new year. The slump continued into 1936 being partly relieved by a 7–2 victory over Nottingham Forest on 15 February. On 28 March Saints suffered their heaviest-ever league defeat, going down 8–0 away to Tottenham Hotspur and two days later had their lowest ever home attendance for a league match, when only 1,875 turned out on a Monday night to witness a 1–0 defeat against Port Vale. Predictably, the directors responded by selling their better players, with goalkeeper Billy Light (another product of the nursery side) being sold to West Bromwich Albion for £2,000. Once again Saints finished the season in a disappointing 17th position, with Watson top-scorer on 14 goals.
In June 1936, the entire board of directors resigned, to be replaced with a new board. In order to reduce the company's wage bill, the new board asked Kay to resign. In August, Kay accepted an offer from Liverpool along with long-serving trainer Bert Shelley. Kay's position as manager at Southampton was filled by the promotion of George Goss, the company secretary, who took charge of the team, with captain Johnny McIlwaine taking on the role of assistant manager.
Liverpool.
At Southampton, severe financial problems and the continual sale of the club's best players, prevented Kay from realising his full potential as a manager. He was, however, experienced, well respected and knowledgeable and not afraid to try out new ideas, and the combination of these qualities brought him to Liverpool's attention when it was clear that George Patterson would be unable to continue the managerial side of his role.
Kay's career as Liverpool manager started poorly, with only three wins and four draws from the first twelve matches. This run included a 2–6 defeat at Portsmouth's Fratton Park on 2 September and a 2–5 defeat at Brentford; the only bright spot in this spell was a 7–1 victory over Grimsby Town on 12 September, with two goals from Fred Howe. Results improved slightly as the season progressed and Liverpool finished Kay's first season in charge in 18th place in Division 1.
Despite the set-back of an opening day 1–6 defeat at Chelsea's Stamford Bridge, Liverpool finished the 1937–38 season comfortably in mid-table, with Alf Hanson top scorer on 14 league goals. In the following season, Liverpool again finished in 11th position in the table, with Berry Nieuwenhuys, Willie Fagan and Phil Taylor joint top scorers in the league with 14 goals each. 
In readiness for the next season, Kay snapped up young defender Bob Paisley on a free transfer from Bishop Auckland, as well as another future Liverpool legend Billy Liddell, but all their careers were then interrupted by the outbreak of World War II.
After the war, the club took the unusual decision to tour the United States and Canada. It was Kay's theory that the climate and diet in North America would be extremely beneficial to the players. The punishing schedule of 10 matches in less than a month meant that the Liverpool squad started the first post-war season in far better physical shape than many of their competitors. 
The season started slowly, with four victories and three defeats in the first seven games. The victories included a 7–4 match against Chelsea on 7 September, in which Bob Paisley made his league debut for the club and Billy Liddell scored his first league goal. There was also a 5–0 defeat away to Manchester United (played at Maine Road). Things began to improve and a run of seven consecutive victories in February and March set the club on the way to the championship. 
Liverpool had a long run in the F.A. Cup, eventually going out to Burnley in the semi-final, after a replay. The club did, however, pick up the Lancashire Senior Cup, Lancashire County Combination Championship Cup and Liverpool Senior Cup along the way.
As the season reached its climax, several clubs were still in contention and on 31 May 1947 Liverpool went to Molineux to meet the leaders, Wolverhampton Wanderers needing to win to take the championship, as well as other results going in their favour. Liverpool won the match 2–1, other results went their way and the Reds were champions of the Football League for a fifth time. It was George Kay's finest moment as a football manager.
Top scorers in the Championship season were Jack Balmer and Albert Stubbins with 24 league goals each. They continued to be prolific scorers during Kay's period in charge but the club was unable to come close to another championship, finishing each of the next three seasons in the lower part of the top half of the table. In 1950, they reached the F.A. Cup final for the first time in 36 years, but the match at Wembley ended in a 2–0 victory for Arsenal.
By now, Kay was clearly not a well man and he retired in January 1951 and he died in Liverpool three years later on 18 April 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="5871643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871643" title="1963 Tour de France">
1963 Tour de France

The 1963 Tour de France was the 50th Tour de France, taking place 23 June to 14 July 1963. The total race distance was 21 stages over , with riders averaging . Stages 2 and 6 were both two part stages, the first half being a regular stage and the second half being a team or individual time trial.
The Tour organisers were trying to break the dominance of Anquetil, who had won already three Tours, by reducing the time trials length to only , so that the climbing capabilities would be more important.
Nonetheless, the race was won by Anquetil, who was able to stay close to his main rival Federico Bahamontes in the mountains, one time even by faking a mechanical problem in order to get a bicycle that was more suited for the terrain. Bahamontes finished as the second-placed cyclist, but won the mountains classification. The points classification was won by Rik Van Looy.
Changes from the 1962 Tour de France.
The Tour organisers were trying to break the dominance of Anquetil, who had won already three Tours, by reducing the time trials length to only , so that the climbing capabilities would be more important.
Participants.
The 1963 Tour started with 130 cyclists, divided into 13 teams:
The IBAC-Molteni team was a combination of five cyclists from IBAC and five from Molteni, each wearing their own sponsor's jerseys. 
The main favourite before the race was Jacques Anquetil, at that moment already a three-time winner of the Tour, including the previous two editions. Anquetil had shown good form before the Tour, as he won Paris–Nice, the Dauphiné Libéré, the Critérium National and the 1961 Vuelta a España. Anquetil was not sure if he would ride the Tour until a few days before the start; he had been infected by a tapeworm, and was advised not to start. Anquetil had chosen to ride races with tough climbs, to prepare for the 1963 Tour de France.
The major competitor was thought to be Raymond Poulidor, who had shown his capabilities in the 1962 Tour de France.
Race details.
In the first stage, four men escaped. One of them was Federico Bahamontes, the winner of the 1959 Tour de France. Bahamontes was known as a climber, so it was unexpected that he gained time on a flat stage.
The third stage saw another successful breakaway. Seamus Elliot won the stage, and became the new leader in the race; it was the first time that an Irish cyclist lead the Tour de France.
The time trial in stage 6b was won by Anquetil, with Poulidor in second place. Gilbert Desmet became the new leader.
The situation did not change much in the next stages until the stages in the Pyrenees, starting with the tenth stage. Bahamontes lead the first group, but Anquetil was able to stay in that first group, which was a surprise. Anquetil stayed in that first group until the finish, where he outsprinted the rest to win his first mountain stage.
In the other two stages in the Pyrenees, Anquetil was able to stay in the first group, lost little time on his competitors, and kept getting closer to Desmet, who was still leading the general classification.
The fifteenth stage was the first in the Alps. Bahamontes won this stage, and in the general classification jumped to second place, three seconds ahead of Anquetil. In the sixteenth stage, Fernando Manzaneque won, eight minutes ahead of Bahamontes and Anquetil who stayed together. Because Desmet was further behind, Bahamontes became the new leader of the race, with a margin of three seconds on Anquetil.
The race was decided in the seventeenth stage. The rules in 1963 did not allow cyclists to change bicycles, unless there was a mechanical problem. Anquetil's team director, Raphaël Géminiani, thought that Anquetil could use a different bicycle on the ascent of the Col de la Forclaz, so he advised Anquetil to fake a mechanical problem on the start of that climb; Géminiani cut through a gear cable, and claimed that it snapped. Anquetil could thus use a light bicycle with lower gears, especially suited for a climb, which gave him an advantage on his competitors. Bahamontes reached the top of the Forclaz first, and only Anquetil had been able to follow him. After the top, Anquetil got his regular bicycle back, and rode to the finish together with Bahamontes. Anquetil won the sprint, and the bonus time made him the new leader.
As expected, Anquetil won some more time in the time trial in stage 19, and became the winner of the 1963 Tour.
Stages.
The 1963 Tour de France started on 23 June in Paris, and had one restday, in Aurillac.
Results.
There were several classifications in the 1963 Tour de France, two of them awarding jerseys to their leaders. The most important was the general classification, calculated by adding each cyclist's finishing times on each stage. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey; the winner of this classification is considered the winner of the Tour.
Additionally, there was a points classification. In the points classification, cyclists got points for finishing among the best in a stage finish, or in intermediate sprints. The cyclist with the most points lead the classification, and was identified with a green jersey.
There was also a mountains classification. The organisation had categorized some climbs as either first, second, third, or fourth-category; points for this classification were won by the first cyclists that reached the top of these climbs first, with more points available for the higher-categorized climbs. The cyclist with the most points lead the classification, but was not identified with a jersey.
For the team classification, the times of the best three cyclists per team on each stage were added; the leading team was the team with the lowest total time. The riders in the team that lead this classification wore yellow caps.
Points classification.
The points classification was won by Rik Van Looy.
Mountains classification.
The mountains classification was won by Féderico Bahamontes.
Team classification.
The team classification was won by Saint Raphaël.
Carpano and the combined team IBAC-Molteni did not finish with three or more cyclists, so they were not included in the team classification.
Other classifications.
The combativity award was given to Rik Van Looy.
Aftermath.
Anquetil, who had been criticized that he just a time trial specialist, showed that he was also capable of mountain stages, and everybody agreed that Anquetil was the best cyclist overall.
Anquetil was the first cyclist to win a fourth Tour de France. In the next year, he set the record sharper by winning his fifth Tour.
The French public had expected much from Raymond Poulidor, but Poulidor only made the eighth place. Normally, Poulidor was more popular than Anquetil even when Anquetil won, but this time Poulidor received "contemptuous whistles" at the finish in the Parc des Princes, while Anquetil received a standing ovation.
After Anquetil and Géminiani had shown that the rule that bicycle changes were not allowed was easily circumvented by faking a mechanical problem, this rule was removed for the next year.

</doc>
<doc id="5871652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871652" title="Scott Lynch">
Scott Lynch

Scott Lynch (born April 2, 1978) is an American fantasy author, best known for his "Gentleman Bastard" series of novels. He resides in Western Wisconsin in the city of New Richmond. According to his website, he had a variety of jobs including dishwasher, busboy, waiter, web designer, office manager, prep cook, and freelance writer. His first novel, "The Lies of Locke Lamora", was purchased by Simon Spanton of Orion Books in August 2004 and published in June 2006 under the Gollancz imprint in the United Kingdom and under the Bantam imprint in the United States.
Life and career.
In addition to being a writer, Scott Lynch is also a volunteer firefighter, certified in both Minnesota and Wisconsin.
The Lies of Locke Lamora was a World Fantasy Award finalist in 2007. In both 2007 and 2008 Lynch was nominated for the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer.
Lynch received the Sydney J. Bounds Best Newcomer Award from the British Fantasy Society in 2008.
He is dating author Elizabeth Bear.
Bibliography.
The Gentleman Bastard Sequence.
This is a sequence of seven planned novels set in the world of the shattered Therin Throne Empire and its descendant states. It follows the life of the young professional thief and con artist Locke Lamora, over a period of some 15–20 years. Lynch has stated that there will be a sequel series set some twenty years on with new characters, which will also be seven books long.
In August 2006, Subterranean Press confirmed that they would be publishing three novellas by Scott Lynch set in the same world as "The Lies of Locke Lamora". The first two are entitled "The Mad Baron's Mechanical Attic" and "The Choir of Knives". Gollancz will be releasing them in an omnibus edition entitled "The Bastards and the Knives" (expected March 3, 2014). In May 2012, Gollancz revealed that "The Bastards and the Knives" will be released after "The Republic of Thieves".
In his LiveJournal Scott Lynch gave some hints what these novellas might be about: 
Lynch later announced that, due to an email he received from an Australian fan, at least the first novella would concern Locke and Jean's acquisition of a cask of expensive brandy, set before The Lies of Locke Lamora.
In his announcement on the release date for "The Republic of Thieves", Lynch indicated that his plans for the first novella have changed in the intervening years:
Queen of the Iron Sands.
In August 2009 Lynch started to publish an online novel called "Queen of the Iron Sands" on his website.
Chapters were originally scheduled to be released each week. The story is a science fantasy romance, in the style of Edgar Rice Burroughs' Barsoom novels, about a female aviator and ex-WASP who is transported to a fantastic Mars. After a long hiatus that began in September 2009, Lynch resumed posting new chapters in June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5871675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871675" title="The Finger of Suspicion (Points at You)">
The Finger of Suspicion (Points at You)

"The Finger of Suspicion (Points at You)" is a popular song written by Paul Mann and Al Lewis, and published in 1954.
It was recorded by Dickie Valentine in the United Kingdom and by Jane Froman in the United States. Valentine's version reached number one in the UK Singles Chart in 1955. Valentine's version was produced by Dick Rowe and released on Decca Records - catalogue reference F 10394. The track was a UK chart topper twice over. Firstly for one week from 7 January 1955, and then for a further two weeks from 21 January. Its chart topping run was interrupted by "Mambo Italiano".

</doc>
<doc id="5871676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871676" title="Chris Perry (golfer)">
Chris Perry (golfer)

James Christopher Perry (born September 27, 1961) is an American professional golfer. He has featured in the top 50 of the Official World Golf Ranking.
Amateur career.
Perry was born in Edenton, North Carolina. He was the Minnesota high school golf champion in 1978, 1979 and 1980. Perry attended the Ohio State University, where he was a three-time All-America selection. He finished runner-up in the 1983 U.S. Amateur. Perry was named Collegiate Player of the Year in 1984. He also captured the 1983 Big Ten Championship. He won the Minnesota State Amateur and Minnesota State Open titles before turning pro in 1984.
Professional career.
Perry played on the PGA Tour from 1985 to 1992. He split time between the PGA Tour and the Nike Tour in 1993, and played on the Nike Tour full-time in 1994. In 1994 he was named the Nike Tour Player of the Year and also led the money list. He won the Nike Utah Classic on the Nike Tour in 1994 and the 1994 Mexican Open. He then played on the PGA Tour from 1995 to 2001. He won the B.C. Open in 1998, his only PGA Tour victory. 1999 was Perry's best year on tour; he earned $2,145,707 and finished fifth on the money list. He recorded two runner-up finishes, and his 14 top-10 finishes were second only to Tiger Woods' 16. He cracked the top 50 of the Official World Golf Rankings due to his successful year.
Perry suffered left hand and wrist injuries at the 2001 Open Championship, causing him to play in only a few events in 2002. He was granted a major medical extension for 2003 but was still too injured to play on tour regularly. He received a second major medical extension for 2004 but only played in one event. He had surgery for a pinched nerve in his elbow in February 2004 and was told by his doctor that it would take 18 months to two years to fully recover. He has been granted medical extensions every year since 2003 but has played in very few events due to the injuries. He has not played in a PGA Tour event since 2006.
Personal life.
Perry also played baseball and hockey while growing up. He was captain of the Edina-West High School hockey team during the 1979-80 season.
His father, Jim Perry, pitched in Major League Baseball and won 215 games and was the 1970 American League Cy Young Award winner. His uncle Gaylord Perry also pitched in MLB, was a winner of 315 games and is a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Chris was inducted into the Ohio State Varsity O Hall of Fame in 1993.
Amateur wins.
"this list may be incomplete"
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
WD = Withdrew<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5871686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871686" title="Squamish">
Squamish

The name Squamish most commonly refers to the town at the core of the District Municipality of Squamish, British Columbia. "Squamish" is a loose English adaptation/mispronunciation of Skwxwu7mesh, meaning "Mother of the Wind", "people of the sacred water" in the language of that people; it has sometimes been used to refer to the Skokomish (Twana) and Suquamish peoples. 
"Squamish" as a term may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5871691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871691" title="ThinWire">
ThinWire

ThinWire is an open source, Java-based web application framework that uses Ajax techniques to give Web Applications the look and feel of traditional GUI applications. The project encourages all users to contribute and enhance the product.
ThinWire attempts to differentiate itself from the plethora of Ajax frameworks by bringing the event-driven programming model of desktop applications to web programming. The source code of a ThinWire based application will more closely resemble that of a traditional desktop GUI application than it will a web application. ThinWire handles all the web rendering and browser/server communication automatically.
The ThinWire Concept.
The first thing ThinWire does is accept that HTML & HTTP were designed to deliver static content pages in the form that we see on news and magazine web sites. They are not intended to be used as is for business process, data centric application development. HTML forms provide basic data capture capability, but typical business process applications often use complex business rules to drive data entry. Further, its necessary to have more expressive user interface elements in order to accurately capture and report information to the user.
ThinWire takes advantage of Ajax techniques to create a more expressive and dynamic interface for the business user. In addition it provides a Java API that allows a developer to be concerned only with application logic, allowing them to easily create a web application that looks and functions like a traditional GUI application.
System requirements.
Server requirements.
To host a ThinWire application, you will need a Java Servlet container.
Client requirements.
To access a ThinWire application, you will need a modern web browser:
License.
ThinWire is available Free and Open Source under the GNU Lesser General Public License.

</doc>
<doc id="5871706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871706" title="F. Mark Wyatt">
F. Mark Wyatt

Felton Mark Wyatt (May 23, 1920 – June 29, 2006) was a CIA agent. He was raised in Woodland, California and graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1942. During World War II, he served as a communications officer on board of the destroyer "Conner" in the Pacific theater. After his war service in the US Navy he earned a degree in foreign affairs from George Washington University. He joined the CIA in 1948. 
He married fellow CIA operative Ann Appleton Wyatt in 1951.
First posted to Italy, Wyatt delivered large sums of cash to Christian Democrat politicians as part a large-scale operation to sway the results of the 1948 election. This operation continued until at least 1972 (24 years). In 1964 Wyatt was appointed deputy chief of the Rome station. He also helped to set up the Italian branch of the anti-communist NATO stay behind network during the Mario Scelba prime ministry, after the Italians were initially left out.
In 1968–69 he worked with South Vietnamese intelligence services in Saigon. In 1970 Wyatt was posted to New York to spy on the UN. Posted chief of station in Luxembourg (1972–1975). After his career in the CIA, Wyatt assisted Soviet defectors in to acclimate to life in the United States.
In the later years of his life he split his time between Washington, D.C., during the year and Carnelian Bay, Lake Tahoe, in the summer. 

</doc>
<doc id="5871710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871710" title="Arycanda">
Arycanda

Arykanda or Arycanda is an ancient Lycian city, built upon five large terraces ascending a mountain slope, located near the small village of Aykiriçay, on the Elmalı-Finike road in Antalya Province in the Mediterranean Region of Turkey.
History.
Arykanda is known to be one of the old Lycian cities, as its name ends with -anda, indicative of its Anatolian origin; dating back as far as the 2nd millennium BC. On the other hand, the oldest remains and finds from the city date from the 6th or 5th century BCE. The site is being excavated and restored by an Ankara University team headed by Prof. Dr. Cevdet Bayburtluoglu since 1971.
Gods and goddesses known to have been worshipped here are:
Arykanda survived through Byzantine times, until the 6th century when the settlement moved to a new site south of the modern road which is called Arif Settlement in archaeological literature so that it will not mix up with the older site.
Sights.
Acropolis houses Hellenistic and older remains of the site which include the temple of Helios, bouleterion, prytaneion, upper agora withs its shops, and several excavated houses. The lower city houses most of the Roman remains.
These include:

</doc>
<doc id="5871734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871734" title="Chetsun Sherab Jungnay">
Chetsun Sherab Jungnay

Chetsun Sherab Jungnay () was an eleventh-century Tibetan Abbot and scholar who founded the Shalu Monastery 22 km south of Shigatse in Tibet. He reportedly found the site to build the temple in 1040 following advice from his tutor to fire an arrow and trust to the goodness and wisdom of Buddha that it will find the perfect location. Where the arrow landed would become the most central point of the foundations of the monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="5871741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871741" title="Cibola High School">
Cibola High School

Cibola High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5871758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871758" title="List of judges of the Supreme Court of Missouri">
List of judges of the Supreme Court of Missouri

The following is a list of all of the individuals who have served on the Supreme Court of Missouri.
Missouri’s Supreme Court had three judges from 1820 until 1872, when it was increased to five. In 1890 the number of judges was increased to seven, which is still the standard. 
Only the Chief Justice is referred to as “justice” while other members are referred to as “judge.” The chief justice is typically elected to a two-year term on a rotating basis by a vote of the Supreme Court judges.

</doc>
<doc id="5871764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871764" title="Psychological Operations (United States)">
Psychological Operations (United States)

Psychological operations (PSYOP) or, as it has been known since 2010, Military Information Support Operations (MISO) are planned operations to convey selected information and indicators to audiences to influence their emotions, motives, objective reasoning, and ultimately the behavior of governments, organizations, groups, and individuals.
The purpose of United States psychological operations is to induce or reinforce behavior favorable to US objectives. They are an important part of the range of diplomatic, informational, military, and economic activities available to the US. They can be utilized during both peacetime and conflict. There are three main types: strategic, operational, and tactical. Strategic PSYOP include informational activities conducted by the US government agencies outside of the military arena, though many utilize Department of Defense (DOD) assets. Operational PSYOP are conducted across the range of military operations, including during peacetime, in a defined operational area to promote the effectiveness of the joint force commander's (JFC) campaigns and strategies. Tactical PSYOP are conducted in the area assigned to a tactical commander across the range of military operations to support the tactical mission against opposing forces.
PSYOP can encourage popular discontent with the opposition's leadership and by combining persuasion with a credible threat, degrade an adversary's ability to conduct or sustain military operations. They can also disrupt, confuse, and protract the adversary's decision-making process, undermining command and control. When properly employed, PSYOP have the potential to save the lives of friendly or enemy forces by reducing the adversary's will to fight. By lowering the adversary's morale and then its efficiency, PSYOP can also discourage aggressive actions by creating disaffection within their ranks, ultimately leading to surrender.
Products.
PSYOP involves the careful creation and dissemination of a product message. There are three types of products that are used to create these messages. They include White products which are used in overt operations and Gray and Black products which are used in covert PSYOP. White, Gray, and Black don't refer to the product's content but rather the methods used to carry out the operation.
In order for PSYOP to be successful they must be based in reality. All messages must be consistent and must not contradict each other. Any gap between the product and reality will be quickly noticed. A credible "truth" must be presented which is consistent to all audiences. Primarily it is a component of offensive counterinformation but can be used defensively as well. PSYOP are used in support of special operations, unconventional warfare, and counterinsurgency (COIN) operations. PSYOP can include military operations other than warfare and also include joint operations. They include counterterrorism operations, peace operations, noncombatant evacuation, enforcement of sanctions and maritime interception operations, strikes and raids, etc.
White PSYOP.
White PSYOP is attributable to PSYOP as a source.
White is acknowledged as an official statement or act of the U.S. Government, or emanates from a source associated closely enough with the U.S. Government to reflect an official viewpoint. The information should be true and factual. It also includes all output identified as coming from U.S. official sources.
Authorized to engage in white activity directed at foreign audiences are: The State Department, USIA, the Foreign Operations Administration (a predecessor of the Agency for International Development), the Defense Department and other U.S. Government departments and agencies as necessary
Gray PSYOP.
The source of the gray PSYOP product is deliberately ambiguous.
The true source (U.S. Government) is not revealed to the target audience. The activity engaged in plausibly appears to emanate from a non-official American source, or an indigenous, non-hostile source, or there may be no attribution.
Gray is that information whose content is such that the effect will be increased if the hand of the U.S. Government and in some cases any American participation are not revealed. It is simply a means for the U.S. to present viewpoints which are in the interest of U.S. foreign policy, but which will be acceptable or more acceptable to the intended target audience than will an official government statement.
Black PSYOP.
The activity engaged in appears to emanate from a source (government, party, group, organization, person) usually hostile in nature. The interest of the U.S. Government is concealed and the U.S. Government would deny responsibility. It is best used in support of strategic plans.
Covert PSYOP is not a function of the U.S. military but instead is used in special operations due to their political sensitivity and need for higher level compartmentalization. Further, black PSYOP, to be credible, may need to disclose sensitive material, with the damage caused by information disclosure considered to be outweighed by the impact of successful deception. In order to achieve maximum results and to prevent compromise of overt PSYOP, overt and covert operations need to be kept separate. Personnel involved in one must not be engaged in the other.
Media.
PSYOPs convey messages via visual, audio, and audiovisual media. Military psychological operations, at the tactical level, are usually delivered by loudspeaker, and face to face communication. For more deliberate campaigns, they may use leaflets, radio or television. Strategic operations may use radio or television broadcasts, various publications, airdropped leaflets, or, as part of a covert operation, with material placed in foreign news media.
Process.
In order to create a successful PSYOP the following must be established:
1) clearly define the mission so that it aligns with national objectives
2) need a PSYOP estimate of the situation
3) prepare the plan
4) media selection
5) product development
6) pretesting - determines the probable impact of the PSYOP on the target audience
7) production and dissemination of PSYOP material
8) implementation
9) posttesting - evaluates audience responses
10) feedback
Before these steps can occur, intelligence analysts must profile potential targets in order to determine which ones it would be most beneficial to target. In order to figure this out, analysts must determine the vulnerabilities of these groups and what they would be susceptible to. The analysts also determine the attitudes of the targets toward the current situation, their complaints, ethnic origin, frustrations, languages, problems, tensions, attitudes, motivations, and perceptions, and so on. Once the appropriate target(s) have been determined, the PSYOP can be created.
Psychological operations should be planned carefully, in that even a tactical message, with modern news media, can spread worldwide and be treated as the policy of the United States. The US Army is responsible for military psychological warfare doctrine. See the World War I section for an example of how a tactical leaflet, not properly coordinated, can cause national-level harm.
The message to be delivered can be adapted to tactical situations, but promises made must be consistent with national policy.
U.S. PSYOP forces are forbidden to target (i.e., attempt to change the opinions of) U.S. citizens at any time, in any location globally, or under any circumstances. However, commanders may use PSYOP forces to provide public information to U.S. audiences during times of disaster or crisis. The use of PSYOP forces to deliver necessary public information to a U.S. audience was established in relief activities after Hurricane Andrew in 1992. Tactical Psychological Operations teams (TPTs) were employed to disseminate information by loudspeaker on locations of relief shelters and facilities. Information support to a noncombatant evacuation operation (NEO) by PSYOP forces to provide evacuation information to U.S. and third-country nationals would also adhere to the order.
As an example of the use of PSYOP in a humanitarian relief operation Major General Anthony Zinni, Director of Operations for Unified Task Force Somalia, said 
Psychological operations were a key Battlefield Operating System used extensively to support Unified Task Force (UNITAF) Somalia operations. In order to maximize the PSYOP impact, we established a Joint PSYOP Task Force under the supervision of the Director of Operations, integrated PSYOP into all plans and operations, and limited the PSYOP focus to the operational and tactical levels. Psychological operations do not accomplish missions alone. They work best when they are combined with and integrated in an overall theater campaign plan. In Operation RESTORE HOPE, we were successful in doing that.
Psychological Operations Units.
The bulk of US military psychological units are in the Army. White PSYOP can come from the Voice of America or regional radio/TV. Central Intelligence Agency units are apt to have responsibility, on a strategic level, for black and some gray propaganda. White propaganda, especially at the strategic level, comes from the Voice of America or United States Information Agency.
In the United States Department of Defense, Psychological Operations units exist as the Army's 4th Psychological Operations Group and Air Force with COMMANDO SOLO units under the Air Force Special Operations Command's 193rd Special Operations Wing. The United States Navy also plans and executes limited PSYOP missions.
United States PSYOP units and soldiers of all branches of the military are prohibited by law from conducting PSYOP missions on domestic audiences. While PSYOP soldiers may offer non-PSYOP related support to domestic military missions, PSYOP can only target foreign audiences. Though, it is worth noting that this does not rule out PSYOP targeting foreign audiences of allied nations. Additionally, in the Information Operations Roadmap made public January 2006 but originally approved by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in October 2003, it stated "information intended for foreign audiences, including public diplomacy and PSYOP, increasingly is consumed by our domestic audience and vice-versa."
Army.
Until recently, the Army's Psychological Operations elements were administratively organized alongside Civil Affairs to form the US Army Civil Affairs and Psychological Operations Command (USACAPOC), forming a part of the U.S. Army Special Operations Command (USASOC). However, in May 2006 USCAPOC was reorganized to instead fall under the Army reserve command, and all active duty PSYOP elements were placed directly into USASOC. While reserve PSYOP forces no longer belong to USASOC, that command retains control of PSYOP doctrine. Operationally, PSYOP individuals and organizations support Army and Joint maneuver forces or interagency organizations.
Army Psychological Operations support operations ranging from strategic planning down to tactical employment.
PSYOP Support Elements generally support Corps sized elements. Tactical Psychological Operations Companies typically support Division sized elements, with Tactical Control through G-3. Brigades are typically supported by a Tactical PSYOP Detachment. The PSYOP Commander maintains Operational Control of PSYOP elements, advises the Commander and General Staff on the psychological battlespace.
The smallest organizational PSYOP element is the Tactical PSYOP Team (TPT). A TPT generally consists of a PSYOP team chief (Staff Sergeant or Sergeant), an assistant team chief (Sergeant or Specialist), and an additional soldier to serve as a gunner and to operate the speaker system (Specialist). A team is equipped with a Humvee fitted with a loud speaker, and often works with a local translator indigenous to the host or occupied country.
Generally, each maneuver battalion-sized element in a theater of war or operational area has at least one TPT attached to it. Women are not allowed to serve on TPTs in a war zone due to a PSYOP team's high chance of contact with the enemy.
PSYOP soldiers are required to complete nine weeks of Basic Combat Training. All enlisted PSYOP soldiers report to Fort Bragg to complete the 13-week Psychological Operation Advanced Individual Training (AIT) course. After AIT, the active duty-component PSYOP soldier is then required to attend Airborne training. Sometime after initial training, PSYOP soldiers will spend up to a year (or perhaps more for specific languages) in foreign language qualification training. Certain reserve soldiers serving in units designated as Airborne are also required to attend Airborne training, while language training and Airborne qualification for PSYOP soldiers assigned to non-Airborne units is awarded on a merit and need basis.
A U.S. Army field manual released in January 2013 states that "Inform and Influence Activities" are critical for describing, directing, and leading military operations. Several Army Division leadership staff are assigned to “planning, integration and synchronization of designated information-related capabilities."
Army Units.
There are four psychological operations units in the U.S. Army:
The 4th Military Information Support Group (Airborne), based in Fort Bragg, had been the only active duty PSYOP element in the United States Army, until the 8th Military Information Support Group (Airborne)
was activated on the 26th of August, 2011. The 2nd and the 7th Psychological Operations Groups are in the Army Reserve.
Air Force.
The Air National Guard provides support for Psychological Operations using a modified C-130 Hercules aircraft named "EC-130 COMMANDO SOLO", operated by the 193d Special Operations Wing. The purpose of COMMANDO SOLO is to provide an aerial platform for broadcast media on both television and radio. The media broadcast is created by various agencies and organizations. As part of the broader function of information operations, COMMANDO SOLO can also jam the enemy's broadcasts to his own people, or his psychological warfare broadcasting.
The Commando Solo aircraft currently is the only stand-off, high-altitude means available to PSYOP forces to disseminate information to large denied areas. Two orbits were established during Operation Iraqi Freedom, the 2003 invasion of Iraq, one in the northern area and one in the southern part of the country, both far enough from harm’s way to keep the aircraft out of reach of potential enemy attack. At their operational altitude of and assuming clear channels, these aircraft can transmit radio and TV signals approximately , which does not reach the objective areas near Baghdad. Straightforward physics dictate the range, given the power installed and the antenna configuration and assuming clear channels.
The enhanced altitude capability of the Commando Solo EC–130J (now funded) is increasing transmitter range. While this is an improvement over 130E capability, it is a small step, since the
increase in altitude is only 7,000 feet (less than 50 percent) and the range increase is governed by a square root function (that is, a 14 percent increase in range).
A challenge to COMMANDO SOLO is the increasing use of cable television, which will not receive signals from airborne, ground, or any other transmitters that the cable operator does not want to connect to the system. At best, in the presence of cable TV, COMMANDO SOLO may be able to jam enemy broadcasts that are not, themselves, transmitted by cable.
Navy.
Navy psychological operations policy is specified in OPNAVINST 3434.1, "Psychological Operations".
The Navy provides support to Joint PSYOP programs by providing assets (such as broadcast platforms using shortwave and very high frequency (VHF) frequencies) for the production and dissemination of PSYOP materials. With the ability of naval vessels (especially the larger task forces) to produce audio-visual materials the Navy can often produce PSYOP products for use in denied areas. Leaflets are dropped utilizing the PDU-5B dispenser unit (aka Leaflet Bomb). The Navy coordinates extensively with the Army as the majority of PSYOP assets reside within USASOC. PSYOP planning and execution is coordinated through the Naval Network Warfare Command (NETWARCOM) and the Naval Information Operations Command (NIOC), both located in Norfolk, VA.
The US Navy possesses the capability to produce audiovisual products in the Fleet Audiovisual Command, Pacific; the Fleet Imagery Command, Atlantic; the Fleet Combat Camera Groups; Naval Imaging Command; various film libraries; and limited capability from ships and aircraft of the fleet. A Naval Reserve PSYOP audiovisual unit supports the Atlantic Fleet. Navy personnel assets have the capability to produce documents, posters, articles, and other material suitable for PSYOP. Administrative capabilities exist ashore and afloat that prepare and produce various quantities of printed materials. Language capabilities exist in naval intelligence and among naval personnel for most European and Asian languages. The Fleet Tactical Readiness Group provides equipment and technical maintenance support to conduct civil radio broadcasts and broadcast jamming in the amplitude modulation frequency band. This unit is not trained to produce PSYOP products and must be augmented with PSYOP personnel or linguists when necessary. The unit is capable of being fully operational within 48 hours of receipt of tasking. The unit's equipment consists of a 10.6 kW AM band broadcast radio transmitter; a broadcast studio van; antenna tuner; two antennas (a pneumatically raised top-loaded antenna mast and a wire helium balloon antenna); and a 30 kW generator that provides power to the system.
Central Intelligence Agency.
Psychological operations was assigned to the pre-CIA Office of Policy Coordination, with oversight by the Department of State. The overall psychological operations of the United States, overt and covert, were to be under the policy direction of the U.S. Department of State during peacetime and the early stages of war:
The Secretary of State shall be responsible for:
(1)The formulation of policies and plans for a national foreign information program in time of peace. This program shall include all foreign information activities conducted by departments and agencies of the U. S. Government.
(2)The formulation of national psychological warfare policy in time of national emergency and the initial stages of war.
(3) The coordination of policies and plans for the national foreign information program and for overt psychological warfare with the Department of Defense, with other appropriate departments and agencies of the U.S. Government, and with related planning...
(4)Plans prepared by this organization for overt psychological
warfare in time of national emergency or the initial stages of war shall
provide for:
a. Coordination of overt psychological warfare with:
b. The employment and expansion, insofar as is feasible, of the activities and facilities which compose the national foreign information program in time of peace, in order to assure rapid transition to operations in time of national emergency or war.
(1) the Department of Defense in theaters of military operations;
(2) the Department of State in areas other than theaters of military operations.d. Transmittal of approved psychological warfare plans and policies to theater commanders through the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
After the OPC was consolidated into the CIA, there has been a psychological operations staff, under various names, in what has variously been named the Deputy Directorate of Plans, the Directorate of Operations, or the National Clandestine Service.
History of US Psychological Warfare.
World War I.
During World War I, the Propaganda Sub-Section was established under the American Expeditionary Force (AEF) Military Intelligence Branch within the Executive Division of the General Staff in early 1918. Although they produced most propaganda, the AEF Propaganda Sub-Section did not produce a few of the leaflets. General Pershing is supposed to have personally composed Leaflet “Y,” Austria Is Out of the War, which was run off on First Army presses, but distributed by the Propaganda Sub-Section. That Sub-Section, perhaps reflecting some professional jealousy, thought the leaflet sound in principle, but too prolix and a little too “brotherly.” Corps and Army presses issued several small leaflet editions containing a “news flash,” after the Sub-Section had approved their content. But in one or two cases that approval was not obtained, and in one unfortunate example a leaflet in Romanian committed the Allies and the United States to the union of all Romanians in Austria-Hungary with Romania. Such geopolitics was emphatically not the job of AEF propaganda and had the potential to cause serious embarrassment.
World War II.
There was extensive use of psychological operations in World War II, from the strategic to the tactical. National-level white propaganda was the responsibility of the Office of War Information, while black propaganda was most often the responsibility of the Morale Operations branch of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS).
Psychological operations planning started before the US entry into the war, with the creation of the Office of the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs (OCIAA), under Nelson Rockefeller, with the responsibility for psychological operations targeted at Latin America. Special operations and intelligence concerning Latin America was a bureaucratic problem throughout the war. Where the OSS eventually had most such responsibilities, the FBI had its own intelligence system in Latin America.
On 11 July 1941, William Donovan was named the Coordinator of Information, which subsequently became the OSS. At first, there was a unit called the Foreign Information Service inside COI, headed by Robert Sherwood, which produced white propaganda outside Latin America.
To deal with some of the bureaucratic problems, the Office of War Information (OWl) was created with Elmer Davis as director. FIS, still under Sherwood, became the Overseas Branch of OWl, dealing in white propaganda. OSS was created at the same time. Donovan obtained considerable help from the British, especially with black propaganda, from the British Political Warfare Executive (PWE), part of the Ministry of Economic Warfare. PWE was a sister organization to the Special Operations Executive, which conducted guerilla warfare. The British Secret Intelligence Service (SIS, also known as MI6), was an essentially independent organization. For the US, the OSS included the functions of SIS and SOE, and the black propaganda work of PWE.
The OSS Morale Operations (MO) branch was the psychological operations arm of OSS. In general, its units worked on a theater-by-theater basis, without a great deal of central coordination. It was present in most theaters, with the exception of the Southwest Pacific theater under Douglas MacArthur, who was hostile to OSS.
OSS was responsible for strategic propaganda, while the military commanders had operational and tactical responsibility. Dwight Eisenhower was notably supportive of psychological operations, had psychological warfare organization in the staff of all his commands, and worked with OSS and OWI. The military did theater-level white propaganda, although the black propaganda function varied, often carried out by joint US-UK organizations.
For the first time in U.S. history, American psywarriors employed electronic psywar in the field, in September 1944. Engineers of the 1st Radio Section of the 1st MRBC recorded POW interviews for front- line broadcasts, and reproduced the sound effects of vast numbers of tanks and other motor vehicles for Allied armored units in attempts to mislead German intelligence and lower enemy morale.
Leaflets were delivered principally from aircraft, but also with artillery shells.
Cold War.
Radio.
The US engaged in major worldwide radio broadcasts to combat communism, through Radio Free Europe and Radio Liberty.
Korea.
Psychological operations were used extensively during the Korean War. The first unit, the 1st Loudspeaker and Leaflet Company, was sent to Korea in fall 1950. Especially for the operations directed against troops of the Democratic Republic of Korea (DPRK; North Korea), it was essential to work with Republic of Korea (ROK; South Korea personnel) to develop propaganda with the most effective linguistic and cultural context.
Since the war was a United Nations mandated operation, political sensitivities were high. While rules limited mentioning the Peoples Republic of China or the Soviet Union, first due to fear it would increase their intervention, and later because it might demoralize ROK civilians, Stalin was depicted and Chinese troops were targeted in leafleting.
Various methods were used to deliver propaganda, with constraints imposed by exceptionally rugged terrain and that radios were relatively uncommon among DPRK and PRC troops. Loudspeaker teams often had to get dangerously close to enemy positions. Artillery and light aircraft delivered leaflets on the front lines, while heavy bombers dropped leaflets in the rear. Over 2.5 billion leaflets were dropped over North Korea during the war. There was a somewhat artificial distinction made between strategic and tactical leaflets: rather than differentiating by the message, tactical leaflets were delivered within of the front lines and strategic leaflets were those delivered farther away.
Less direct and immediate correlation between tactical PSYOP efforts and target audience behavior may still be substantiated after the fact, especially by means of polling and interviews. For example, in the Korean War, approximately one-third of the total prisoner of war (POW) population polled by the United Nations (UN) forces claimed to have surrendered at least in part because of the propaganda leaflets. The contributions of PSYOP in the first Persian Gulf War have also been corroborated through POW interviews. Ninety-eight percent of the 87,000 POWs captured either possessed or had seen PSYOP leaflets that provided them with instructions on how to approach U.S. troops to surrender. Fifty-eight percent of the prisoners interviewed claimed to have heard coalition radio broadcasts, and 46 percent believed that the coalition broadcasts were truthful despite coming from their enemy. Again, some portion of the surrenders might have occurred even without PSYOP encouragement; but certainly, there would appear to be a correlation between PSYOP, which offered the enemy a way to escape the onslaught of U.S. military power, and their compliance with those instructions.
One such operation, is Operation Moolah. The objective of the psychological operation was to target Communist pilots to defect to South Korea with a MiG-15, in order for the U.S. to conduct analysis of the capabilities of the MiG.
Some leafleting of North Korea was resumed after the Korean War, such as in the Cold War "Operation Jilli" from 1964 to 1968.
Guatemala.
The CIA's operation to overthrow the Government of Guatemala in 1954 marked an early zenith in the Agency's long record of covert action. Following closely on two successful operations, one of which was the installation of the Shah as ruler of Iran in August 1953, the Guatemalan operation, known as PBSUCCESS, was both more ambitious and more thoroughly successful than either precedent. Rather than helping a prominent contender gain power with a few inducements, PBSUCCESS used an intensive paramilitary and psychological campaign to replace a popular, elected government with a political non-entity. In method scale and conception it had no antecedent, and its triumph confirmed the belief of many in the Eisenhower Administration that covert operations offered a safe, inexpensive substitute for armed force in resisting what they declared was Communist inroad in the Third World.
Vietnam.
Psychological operations were extensively used in Vietnam, with white propaganda under the United States Information Agency and Military Assistance Command Vietnam, and grey and black propaganda under the Central Intelligence Agency and the Studies and Observation Group.
As early as August 1964, almost one year before the activation of the Joint U.S. Public Affairs Office (JUSPAO), General William Westmoreland told a CA and PSYOP conference that “psychological warfare and civic action are the very essence of the counterinsurgency campaign here in Vietnam…you cannot win this war by military means alone.” Westmoreland’s successor, Creighton Abrams, is known to have sent down guidelines to the 4th Psychological Operations Group that resulted in the drawing up of no fewer than 17 leaflets along those lines. In fact, the interest in PSYOP went all the way up to the Presidency; weekly reports from JUSPAO were sent to the White House, as well as to the Pentagon and the Ambassador in Saigon. In sum, it is a myth that the United States, stubbornly fixated on a World War II-style conventional war, was unaware of the “other war.”
During the Vietnam era, the organization of the 4th Psychological Operations Group was very different. The four battalions of the group were divided by geographic region rather than area of expertise as they are now.
The A company of each battalion consisted of a "command section", S-1, S-2, S-3, and a Psyop Development Center (PDC). Additionally, they generally had extensive printing facilities.
The B companies consisted of the field teams that were stationed throughout their respective corps billeted with MACV teams and combat units.
Nicaragua.
The CIA wrote a manual for right-wing rebels—the Contras—entitled Psychological Operations in Guerrilla Warfare in order to bolster their fight against the Marxist Sandinistas.
"See also CIA activities in Nicaragua"
Sweden.
There are individual authors who claim that U.S. submarines and other vessels "frequently" and "regularly" operated in the territorial waters of neutral Sweden, including in Stockholm harbor, as part of an elaborate psychological warfare operation whose target was the Swedish people. The Swedish people and government were led to believe that the vessels were Soviet. U.S. operations were likely conducted by the National Underwater Reconnaissance Office (NURO) and aspects of the operations were coordinated with the secret NATO "stay-behind" network deployed in Sweden. See Strategy of tension and Operation Gladio. British submarines also participated in such secret operations. The campaign was successful in totally changing the psychology of the Swedish people: the Swedish population was convinced of the "present danger" posed by the desired enemy, the Soviet Union, and was prepared for war against it. Also, since the Swedish government continued to release "enemy" submarines, large parts of the Swedish population turned against their government's conciliatory attitude and adopted more hard-line views.
Russian Whiskey-Class Submarine stranded===
Grenada and Panama.
Most PSYOP activities and accomplishments in Panama were hardly noticed by either the U.S. public or the general military community. But the special operations community did notice. The lessons learned in Panama were incorporated into standard operating procedures. Where possible, immediate changes were made to capitalize on the PSYOP successes of the Grenada and Panama operations. This led to improved production, performance, and effect in the next contingency, which took place within 6 months after the return of the last PSYOP elements from Panama. Operations Iraq employed PSYOP of an order of magnitude and effectiveness which many credit to the lessons learned from Panama.
The broader scope of information operations in Panama included denying the Noriega regime use of their own broadcasting facilities. A direct action mission removed key parts of the transmitters. After-action reports indicate that this action should have had a much higher priority and been done very early in the operation.
An unusual technique, developed in real time, was termed the "Ma Bell Mission", or, more formally, capitulation missions. There were a number of Panamian strongpoints that continued to have telephone access. By attaching Spanish-speaking Special Forces personnel to a combat unit that would otherwise take the strongpoint by force, the Spanish-speaking personnel would phone the Panamian commander, tell him to put away his weapons and assemble his men on the parade ground, or face lethal consequences. Because of the heavy reliance on telephones, these missions were nicknamed "Ma Bell" operations. "During this ten day period, TF BLACK elements were instrumental in the surrender of 14 cuartels (strongpoints), almost 2,000 troops, and over 6,000 weapons without a single U.S. casualty. Several high-ranking cronies of Manuel Noriega who were on the "most wanted" list were also captured in Ma Bell operations.
Psychological operations sometimes are intimately linked to combat operations, with the use of force driving home the propaganda mission. During the Panamanian operation, it was necessar Ft. Amador, an installation shared by the U.S. and Panamanian Defence Forces (PDF). There were US dependents at the installation, but security considerations prevented evacuating them before the attack. Concern for US citizens, and rules of engagement (ROE) that directed casualties be minimized, PSYOP loudspeaker teams, from the 1st Bn, 4th PSYOP Gp, became a key asset. When the PDF did not surrender after initial appeals, the message changed, with the tactical commander warning "that resistance was hopeless in the face of overwhelming firepower and a series of demonstrations took place, escalating from small arms to 105 mm howitzer rounds. Subsequent broadcasts convinced the PDF to give up. The entire process allowed Ft. Amador to be secured with few casualties and minimal damage."
United States PSYOP became a part of popular culture during the U.S. invasion of Panama, the America public watched on TV as PSYOP soldiers blasted rock music into the Vatican Embassy to drive out ousted leader Manuel Noriega. However, it is widely believed inside the PSYOP community that the reasoning for the music was not actually to drive Noriega out, but to keep American news reporters from listening in on the negotiations for Noriega's surrender.
The 1991 Gulf War.
Psychological Operations was extremely valuable during the Gulf War due to the Iraqi military's desire to avoid combat. Through leaflets and loudspeaker broadcasts, PSYOP forces walked many enemy soldiers through successful surrender.
Coalition forces worked extensively with Saudi, Kuwaiti, and other partners, to be sure psychological operations were culturally and linguistically appropriate. One unusual technique involved dropping leaflets telling Iraqi troops that they would be bombed the next day by B-52 bombers, and urged them to surrender and save their lives. After the bombing the next day, which was not done in a manner to maximize casualties, another set of leaflets were dropped, saying the promise was kept and the survivors should surrender to save themselves. Variants of this technique were used on other units, telling them the specific unit that had been bombed the previous day. By the number of prisoners who surrendered, presenting the leaflet that identified itself as a safe-conduct pass, this program was effective.
Bosnia and Kosovo.
United States PSYOP was widely employed in both Bosnia and Kosovo, most famously for their "mine awareness" campaign and its Superman comic.
The broader scope of information operations in Bosnia included denying groups, breaking the peace agreement, of the use of their own broadcasting facilities, with capture or destruction of the transmitters.
Controversies.
CNN and NPR interns incident.
In the 1990s it came to light that soldiers from the 4th Psychological Operations Group had been interning at the American news networks Cable News Network (CNN) and National Public Radio (NPR). The program was an attempt to provide its PSYOP personnel with the expertise developed by the private sector under its "Training with Industry" program. The program caused concern about the influence these soldiers might have on American news and the programs were terminated.
National Public Radio reported on April 10, 2000:
The U.S. Army's Psychological Operations unit placed interns at CNN and NPR in 1998 and 1999. The placements at CNN were reported in the European press in February of this year and the program was terminated. The NPR placements will be reported this week in TV Guide.
Toppling of Saddam Hussein statue.
Arguably the most visible image of the 2003 invasion of Iraq was the toppling of a statue of Saddam Hussein in Firdos Square in central Baghdad. Allegations that the event was staged have been published. It is claimed it was actually an idea hatched by an Army psychological operations team. Allegations surfaced that not only were the cheering group of people surrounding the statue in fact smaller than they were made out to be, in media depictions, but that also the group were not local to the area and were instead brought in by the military for the specific purpose of watching and lending credence to the pre-planned toppling.
Use of music in the interrogation of prisoners.
In 2003 Sergeant Mark Hadsell claimed to have used loud music during the interrogation of Iraqi prisoners:
Other reports of the use of music during interrogation have occasionally plagued PSYOP.
On 9 December 2008 the "Associated Press" reported that various musicians were coordinating their objections to the use of their music as a technique for softening up captives through an initiative called Zero dB. However, not all musicians have taken issue with the possibility that their music is being used during interrogations. Stevie Benton of the group Drowning Pool commented supportively:
Afghanistan burning bodies incident.
On 1 October 2005 in Gumbad, Afghanistan, Soldiers from the 173rd Airborne decided to burn the bodies of two Taliban fighters killed in a firefight the previous day for hygienic reasons. Despite Islamic customs that forbid cremation, they chose to proceed. The Platoon Leader also failed to properly notify his Battalion Commander of the decision prior to burning the bodies. When his Battalion Commander was notified, he ordered the flaming bodies extinguished. An official investigation into the incident found evidence of poor decision making, poor judgement, poor reporting, a lack of knowledge and respect for local Afghan custom and tradition. The Infantry Officer received a General Officer letter of reprimand. Reserve PSYOP soldiers were involved because they heard about the incident and used the information to incite Taliban fighters in another area where freelance journalist Stephen Dupont was located. Dupont reported that the PSYOP soldiers claimed the bodies were to be burned due to hygiene concerns.
During the War on Terror, U.S. PSYOP teams often broadcast abrasive messages over loudspeakers to try tempting enemy fighters into a direct confrontation where the Americans have the upper hand. Other times, they use their loudspeaker to convince enemy soldiers to surrender. In the Afghanistan incident, a PSYOP sergeant allegedly broadcast the following message to the Taliban:
Another soldier stated:
You attack and run away like women. You call yourself Talibs but you are a disgrace to the Muslim religion and you bring shame upon your family. Come and fight like men instead of the cowardly dogs you are.
U. S. authorities investigated the incident and the two Reserve PSYOP Soldiers received administrative punishment for broadcasting messages which were not approved. Investigators found no evidence that the bodies were burned for a psychological effect. They concluded that the broadcast violated standing policies for the content of loudspeaker messages and urged that all soldiers in the command undergo training on Afghan sensitivities.
Pentagon Analysts and the Main Stream Media.
In 2008 the New York Times exposed how analysts portrayed in the U.S. news media as independent and objective 
were in fact under the tutelage of the Pentagon. From the NYT: Hidden behind that appearance of objectivity, though, is a Pentagon information 
apparatus that has used those analysts in a campaign to generate favorable news coverage of the administration’s 
wartime performance
2009 congressional delegation to Afghanistan.
In February 2011, journalist Michael Hastings published an article in "Rolling Stone" reported that Lt. Colonel Michael Holmes, the supposed leader of a PSYOP group in Afghanistan, alleged that Lt. Gen. William B. Caldwell a three-star General in charge of training troops in Afghanistan, ordered Holmes and his group to perform in-depth research on visiting U.S. congressmen in order to spin presentations and visits. According to Holmes, his team was tasked with "illegally providing themes and messages to influence the people and leadership of the United States." Reported targets included United States Senators John McCain, Joe Lieberman, Jack Reed, Al Franken, Carl Levin, Rep. Steve Israel of the House Appropriations Committee; Adm. Mike Mullen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; the Czech ambassador to Afghanistan; the German interior minister, and think-tank analysts. Under the 1948 Smith–Mundt Act, such operations may not be used to target Americans. When Holmes attempted to seek counsel and to protest, he was placed under investigation by the military at the behest of General Caldwell's chief of staff.
Caldwell's spokesman, Lt. Col. Shawn Stroud, denied Holmes's assertions, and other unnamed military officials disputed Holmes's claims as false and misleading, saying there are no records of him ever completing any PSYOP training. Subsequently Holmes conceded that he was not a Psychological Operations officer nor was he in charge of a Psychological Operations unit and acknowledged that Caldwell's orders were "fairly innocuous." Officials say that Holmes spent his time in theater starting a strategic communications business with Maj. Laural Levine, with whom he conducted an improper relationship in Afghanistan. A former aid said, "At no point did Holmes ever provide a product to Gen. Caldwell". General David Petraeus has since ordered an investigation into the alleged incident.

</doc>
<doc id="5871774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871774" title="KPBI-CA">
KPBI-CA

KPBI-CA was a Class A low-power television station Fort Smith, Arkansas, broadcasting on channel 46. It is silent. The station is owned by Equity Media Holdings and, like many of Equity's stations, KPBI-CA was controlled remotely via satellite from Equity's headquarters in Little Rock, Arkansas and was relayed via the satellite Galaxy 18 (Ku band transponder 21). The station's programming was also available on channel 34 from Eureka Springs, which shares the KPBI call sign and was attainable over the air in Fort Smith.
History.
KPBI was the flagship station for a network of low-power television stations owned and operated by Bill and Karen Pharis. This station served the Fort Smith area, and its transmitter was located at Mt. Vista in Van Buren, Arkansas. It was followed by channel 15, which served Springdale, Arkansas and its surrounding areas. KPBI eventually added several other low-power translators that extended the coverage area to Mt. Magazine in the east, Poteau Mountain to the west and south (located in Poteau, Oklahoma) and Rogers, Arkansas to the north. This gave an equal coverage area to that of the other local high-power stations. KPBI was originally an independent station, but it became affiliated with the Fox network shortly after its formation. These actions all took place in the early to mid-1990s.
KPBI carried Fox programming at night, and various syndicated offerings during the daytime hours. It also made an inroad in coverage of college sporting events that were not being otherwise made available to the public (i.e. Westark Lions basketball and baseball, Lady Razorbacks basketball, etc.)
KPBI was the operating station for the "Foxstar" satellite truck.
KPBI was known locally as a more "unstructured" station in on-air operations. This was demonstrated by various events such as off-the-path programming, strange video effects (i.e. the "dropping of sheep", which was a Video Toaster effect that would make sheep fall down into the video signal) and the substantial use of all employees as either on-air talent or as voices for commercials and tags. Also of interest is that KPBI used such devices as the Video Toaster and cable spot insertion equipment as primary switchers, commercial production gear and the like, which was a real world proof that a working television station could be operated without high-dollar equipment.
KPBI was joined in 1995 by a sister network, with the flagship station being KFDF-LP (channel 32). This secondary network was affiliated with UPN from the start, and was composed of channel 32 covering Fort Smith and surrounding areas and channel 36, which covered Springdale and its associated area.
KPBI and KFDF operated from the same location in the Ward-Garrison Building, located at the corner of 6th and Garrison Avenue in Fort Smith, Arkansas. This was also the location for the AM radio stations of KFDF (1580 kHz; now KHGG) and KPBI (1510 kHz; later became KSSP; now defunct). These two AM stations were originally programmed to carry Southern Gospel (featuring the on-air talent of Chuck Buckner, Jason Collier, Nancy Rowland a.k.a. Tonia Trelaine, Mike Vaughn and a few others) and local programming, but around 1994 they were changed to carry Sports Talk Radio (via a satellite feed) and local programming (i.e. "The Huddle", which featured Marty Houston, Jr., John Wilhelm and later Ernie Witt, Jr.). The AM stations were transitioned to fully automated by the Chief Engineer for the TV and AM stations, Stuart Rowland, using a Packard Bell PC, a tone detector and a joystick.
One area that brought notice to KPBI was the area of locally produced computer animations for commercials and promotional spots. This area was pioneered in the local market by Earl Green. His productions won awards both locally and nationally.
KPBI led the area in the technical field of digital spot insertion. KPBI was the first station in the DMA to use computer spot playback in the form of the "Virtual Recorder" from ASC Audio Video. Many of the features currently used in the Virtual Recorder (now sold and supported by Leitch) were originated and/or tested by KPBI.
KPBI and KFDF ended operations as standard television stations when they were sold to Equity Broadcasting, at which time they became automated satellite-fed stations.
KPBI-CA remained the Fox affiliate for the market, under the branding of FOX Arkansas, until August 28, 2006. On that date, the station lost the Fox affiliation to KFTA-TV, even though Equity Broadcasting challenged the sale of KFTA-TV with the FCC. KPBI-CA then joined Fox's new sister network, MyNetworkTV. There is no known website for KPBI-CA. KFDF, the original MNTV affiliate, joined the Retro Television Network. [http://www.arkansasbusiness.com/article.aspx?aID=95111.54928.107234&view=all&link=perm [http://www.ebcorp.net/stations [http://www.nwaonline.net/articles/2006/08/26/business/0826foxswitch.txt]
KPBI-CA signed off March 28, 2008, after losing its transmitter site. Two of the station's repeaters, KJBW-CA in Springdale and KRBF-CA in Hindsville, also lost their sites, and left the air two days earlier.
After failing to find a buyer at a bankruptcy auction, KPBI-CA's repeaters were sold to Pinnacle Media in August 2009 (after having initially been included in Silver Point Finance's acquisition on June 2 of several Equity stations), with Pinnacle assuming control under a local marketing agreement on August 5. KPBI-CA itself, as well as KJBW and KRBF, were not named in either sale. The licenses for KJBW and KRBF were deleted in 2010; however, the license for KPBI-CA remained active until the FCC canceled the license on October 24, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5871790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871790" title="List of Moscow tourist attractions">
List of Moscow tourist attractions

Transportal architecture.
Moscow rail terminals.
The nine Moscow rail terminals are located within a kilometer or two outside of the Garden Ring. 
Below they are listed clockwise, along with a sample of destinations served by each one, 
starting with the three stations at Komsomolskaya Square:
Airports.
There are five airports serving Moscow:

</doc>
<doc id="5871792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871792" title="Cyathea erinacea">
Cyathea erinacea

Cyathea erinacea is a species of tree fern native to Mexico, Costa Rica, Panama, Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia. 
It grows in tropical rain forests, particularly in the understory, and on riverbanks up to the montane zone at an altitude of about . 
Description.
The erect trunk of "Cyathea erinacea" is up to tall, 7-10 cm in diameter and has black spines. 
The arching fronds are bipinnate, up to 3.5 m long and form a sparse crown. The rachis and stipe are scaly and may be either straw-coloured or brown to dark brown. The scales are bicoloured, having a dark brown to blackish centre and pale whitish margin, as well as a terminal seta. 
Characteristically of this species, pinnule veins bear whitish scales with star-shaped setae. Sori are round and form on either side of the pinnule midvein. They are covered by globose indusia.
In cultivation as an ornamental plant, the tree ferns require humid conditions to thrive.

</doc>
<doc id="5871796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871796" title="Alessio Tramello">
Alessio Tramello

Alessio Tramello (1455–1535) was an Italian Renaissance architect who mostly designed churches and civic works.
He began his activity in Piacenza and his work uses forms of Gothic architecture. Two works from Piacenza stand out in design. The first, Santa Maria di Campagna was built (1522–1528), in an example of symmetric centrally-planned Renaissance architecture. A second, Church of San Sisto, was built (1499–1511) and is an example of holy architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="5871797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871797" title="Southpaw (disambiguation)">
Southpaw (disambiguation)

Southpaw is another name for a left-handed individual, particularly in sports.
Southpaw may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5871801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871801" title="Baby I'm Yours (Barbara Lewis song)">
Baby I'm Yours (Barbara Lewis song)

"Baby I'm Yours" is a song written by Van McCoy which was a hit in 1965 for Barbara Lewis (US) and Peter & Gordon (UK).
Barbara Lewis version.
Van McCoy wrote "Baby I'm Yours" while working as a staff writer for April-Blackwood Music, the publishing arm of Columbia Records. However the first evident recording of the song - subsequent to the demo cut by Van McCoy himself - was made by Atlantic artist Barbara Lewis in a January 8, 1965 Atlantic Recording Studios (NYC) session "directed by" Bert Berns with the producer credit assigned to Lewis's manager Ollie McLaughlin. The session for the track featured George "Teacho" Wiltshire conducting his orchestra whose personnel included Clark Terry and Dud Bascomb (trumpets), Jimmy Cleveland and Tony Studd (trombones), Frank Haywood Henry (baritone sax), Charlie Brown (tenor sax), Paul Griffith (piano), Bill Suyker (guitar), Jimmy Lewis (bass), and Gary Chester (drums): the chorale vocal on the track was provided by the song's composer Van McCoy singing with Kendra Spotswood.
Lewis would recall that she initially disliked the song and at the original session "I didn't really put 100% into my vocal performance" hoping that Atlantic would shelve the track as sub-par: "Ollie told me 'Barbara, we're gonna have to go back to Detroit and dub you in. We gotta do your vocals over. You're just not giving like you should on the song.' We did several takes [in Detroit and he was wondering 'How am I going to get this girl to give? She's so hard-headed.' He said 'You know, Barbara, Karen can sing that song better than you.' That was his little daughter. And it pissed me off. I did one more take, and that was the take that they selected."
Released in April 1965, Lewis' "Baby I'm Yours" enjoyed staggered regional success exemplified by the single reaching #1 in Detroit as early as June 1965 and peaking at #4 in Chicago that August: the national peak of the single was #11 achieved on the Hot 100 in "Billboard" dated August 21, 1965. "Baby I'm Yours" afforded Lewis a #5 R&B chart hit.
UK single versions.
1965.
The first UK recording of "Baby I'm Yours" was made by the Paramounts at Abbey Road Studio in the summer of 1965: however the track went unreleased until their 1998 compilation release "The Paramounts at Abbey Road 1963 to 1970" while a higher-profile act also on the ]1 roster: Peter and Gordon, had the UK hit version of "Baby I'm Yours", released October 15, 1965 to reach #19 UK, the Peter and Gordon version of "Baby I'm Yours" having been recorded in an Abbey Road session produced by Norman Newell and featuring Big Jim Sullivan on guitar. Peter Asher - who was partnered with Gordon Waller as Peter and Gordon - would recall: "We did 'Baby I’m Yours' because I loved the original Barbara Lewis record".
"Baby I'm Yours" is unique among Peter and Gordon singles as their sole collaboration with arranger Tony Osborne who took over from the duo's original regular collaborator Geoff Love (subsequent to "Baby I'm Yours" Peter and Gordon regularly collaborated with arranger/conductor Bob Leaper). Also in deference to the US success of the Barbara Lewis version, Capitol Records - Peter and Gordon's US label of release - did not issue the duo's "Baby I'm Yours" single, the Peter and Gordon US single release concurrent with their UK "Baby I'm Yours" single release being "Don't Pity Me" a composition by the duo which peaked at #83. "Baby I'm Yours" was thus the first Peter and Gordon UK single not be released concurrently in the US - that scenario would re-occur once, with Peter and Gordon's April 1968 UK single release "I Feel Like Going Out".
Later versions.
In May 1976 "Baby I'm Yours" reached #33 UK via a disco remake by Linda Lewis who in 1967 had chosen Lewis as her professional surname in honor of Barbara Lewis, the original singer of "Baby I'm Yours". Recorded subsequent to Lewis' 1975 album "Not a Little Girl Anymore" and not included on her next album release: "Woman Overboard" (1977), "Baby I'm Yours" was included as a bonus track on the 2001 CD release of "Not a Little Girl Anymore".
In 2006 "Baby I'm Yours" served as the B-side of Arctic Monkeys' UK hit "Leave Before the Lights Come On" (#4); that version featured the 747's with shared vocals by Arctic Monkeys' lead singer Alex Turner and the 747s' lead singer Oisin Leech.
Cher version.
Background.
Cher remade "Baby I'm Yours" for the soundtrack of her 1990 film vehicle "Mermaids"; her version - arranged to replicate Barbara Lewis' hit and produced by Peter Asher who as a member of Peter and Gordon had had the UK hit of "Baby I'm Yours" - was not featured in the film but was elected as the lead single from the soundtrack for release in the UK and Europe after the US single release "The Shoop Shoop Song" - which as remade by Cher had played under the film's closing credits - fell short of the Billboard Top Thirty. "Baby I'm Yours" failed as a single - its only apparent charting was in the UK at #89 - but it was decided to follow it up with the single release of "The Shoop Shoop Song" in the spring of 1991 and this single - which utilized "Baby I'm Yours" as B-side - spent five weeks at #1 in the UK and achieved Top Ten status in several European countries as well as Australia and New Zealand; click for chart specifics.
Formats and track listings.
"Baby I'm Yours" European CD single
"Baby I'm Yours" European 7" single
Other versions.
"Baby I'm Yours" reached the C&W Top 40 three times via remakes by Jody Miller (#5/ 1971), Debby Boone (#33/ 1978) and Tanya Tucker (#22/ 1983), with Miller and Boone's remakes reaching the lower Pop charts at respectively #91 and #74. The Jody Miller version, recorded June 16, 1971 at Columbia Recording Studio Nashville, was included on Miller's album "He's So Fine". The Debby Boone version was recorded in the summer of 1977 and included on Boone's album "You Light Up My Life": issued as a single in March 1978 with "God Knows", a track from Boone's "Midstream" album, as its flip side, Boone's "Baby I'm Yours" reached #74 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in a tandem ranking with "God Knows". The Tanya Tucker version was the third single issued from Tucker's sole Arista album release "Changes".
The song's composer Van McCoy produced a recording of "Baby I'm Yours" by Chris Bartley which was a non-charting 1968 single release.
Cass Elliot's remake of "Baby I'm Yours" was released in February 1972 at the same time as its parent album "Cass Elliot" produced by Lewis Merenstein and arranged/conducted by Benny Golson. The album was Elliot's debut for RCA Victor who insisted on "Baby I'm Yours" release as the lead single over Elliott and Merenstein's choice: "That Song" a new song by Bill Dean which would be given single release in April 1972.1 "Neither Baby I'm Yours" or "That Song" afforded Elliot an appearance on a "Billboard" chart: however Elliot's "Baby I'm Yours" charted on the Canadian Adult Contemporary hitlist peaking at #18.
"Baby I'm Yours" has also been recorded by Cilla Black (album "Cilla Sings a Rainbow"/ 1966), Petula Clark (album "Now"/ 1972), Donny Gerrard (album "The Romantic"/ 1999), Jack Jones (album "For The "In" Crowd"/ 1966), the Jones Girls (album "On Target"/ 1983), June Lodge (album "Someone Loves You Honey"/ 1980), KC and the Sunshine Band (album "The Painter"/ 1981), Diane Marino (featuring Houston Person: album "Just Groovin"'/ 2008), Maureen McGovern (album "Baby I'm Yours"/ 1992), Nilsson (in medley with "Just One Look": duet with Lynda Laurence: album "...That's the Way It Is"/ 1976), Dianne Steinberg (album "Universal Child"/ 1977), Bobby Vee (in medley with "Make It Easy on Yourself": album "30 Big Hits of the '60's, Vol. 2"/ 1966), Bobby Vinton (album "My Elusive Dreams"/ 1970), and Kim Weston (album "It Should Have Been Me"/ 1998). In 1996, Phoebe Snow and Avenue Blue (featuring Jeff Golub) released their version on their album "Naked City".
A French-language rendering of "Baby I'm Yours" entitled "Je T'appartiens" was a 1965 single release by Pierre Lalonde and was included on Lalonde's 1966 album release "Louise". (This is an exceptional use of the title "Je T'appartiens" which is generally understood to refer to the French-language original of "Let It Be Me".)
Soundtrack appearances.
The Barbara Lewis rendition of "Baby I'm Yours" was featured in the 1995 film "The Bridges of Madison County" being included on the soundtrack album. The Barbara Lewis rendition is also featured in the TV-films "The Midnight Hour" (1985) and "An American Crime" (2007).
In the 1999 film "The Other Sister", "Baby I'm Yours" is performed at an engagement party by a cappella group Double Dare featuring Mary Lou Metzger.
In the episode of the NBC-TV series "American Dreams" entitled "And Promises to Keep" broadcast September 28, 2003 Barbara Lewis - portrayed by Vanessa Soul - is seen rehearsing "Baby I'm Yours" for an "American Bandstand" performance.
In the 2009 film "Last Chance Harvey", "Baby I'm Yours" is apparently performed live at a wedding reception although the track was in fact recorded by a session group credited as Loser's Lounge none of whose members appear in the film: the track was produced and arranged by Joe McGinty, heard on piano, while the vocalist is Connie Petruk 
References.
7. ^ http://aln2.albumlinernotes.com/Atlantic_-_Volume_Five.html

</doc>
<doc id="5871809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871809" title="It's a Sin to Tell a Lie">
It's a Sin to Tell a Lie

"It's a Sin to Tell a Lie" is a 1936 popular song by Billy Mayhew. Originally introduced by Fats Waller on the 78 rpm record Victor 20-1595, it was revived in 1955 by Somethin' Smith and the Redheads, reaching #7 on the Billboard charts in that year. It was later a Top 40 Country hit for Slim Whitman, reaching #21 on the "Top Country Singles" chart in 1971, from the album of the same name. John Denver tells a story about the song and does a cover in his 1978 album, "Live at the Sydney Opera House" (RCA Victor VPL1-7167). Other artists who have recorded versions include Billie Holiday, The Ink Spots, Tony Bennett, Bobbi Martin, Gerry Monroe, Brent Spiner, Lenny Breau, Buddy Greco, Steve Goodman, The Quebe Sisters Band, Ann Breen, Jerry Murad and the Harmonicats, Bobby Vinton, Patti Page, Vera Lynn, and George Maharis.
Originally a waltz, during the British Dixieland Revival in the 1950s and 1960s this melody was often played in fast four/four tempo,notably recorded by the Kenny Ball Band.
Popular culture.
A version of this song by the Ink Spots appears in Obsidian Entertainment's 2010 role-playing game "". 

</doc>
<doc id="5871842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871842" title="John of Caithness">
John of Caithness

John of Caithness (Medieval Gaelic: "Eoin"; Norse: "Jon"; Latin: "Iohannes") is the second known bishop of Caithness, based then at Halkirk. He witnessed various charters in Scotland between the years 1187 and 1199. 
Bishop John is best known for his mutilation, carried out at Scrabster Castle by Harald Maddadsson, in which the bishop lost his tongue and eyes. The bishop suffered this fate by refusing to collect Peter's Pence, a tax of 1/10 of the income of every freeman. This tax was encouraged by the Papacy, and had a strong history in the Scandinavian world. His predecessor Aindréas had allowed it, but John stood up for the complaints of the peasantry. John certainly survived the attack, although Earl Harald and the people of the Earldom suffered the consequences, as Pope Innocent III and King William of Scotland brought down their wrath on the province. 
John's successor Adam appears in the records for the first time in 1213.

</doc>
<doc id="5871844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871844" title="Brian Murphy (hurler, born 1982)">
Brian Murphy (hurler, born 1982)

Brian Murphy (born 21 July 1982) is an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Cork senior team. 
Born in Rathcormac, County Cork, Murphy first excelled at hurling whilst at school in St. Colman's College. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Cork minor team, before later lining out with the under-21 and intermediate sides. He made his senior debut in the 2003 National Hurling League. Murphy went on to play a key part for Cork during a successful period for the team, and has won two All-Ireland medals and two Munster medals. Murphy was an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions.
At club level Murphy has won a set of Munster and county medals with Bride Rovers in the intermediate grade.
Regarded as one of the key members of the Cork defence for over a decade, Murphy has won one All-Star award while he also won the All Stars Young Hurler of the Year award in his debut season.
Throughout his career Murphy made 46 championship appearances for Cork. He announced his retirement from inter-county hurling on 11 March 2014.
Playing career.
College.
During his secondary schooling at St. Colman's College, Fermoy, Murphy enjoyed much success on the hurling fields.
In 2001 he won a Harty Cup medal following a defeat of St. Flannan's College, Ennis. The subsequent All-Ireland decider saw Gort Community School providing the opposition. A narrow 2-10 to 2-7 victory gave Murphy a coveted All-Ireland medal.
University.
As a member of the Cork Institute of Technology senior hurling team, Murphy lined out in the final of the Fitzgibbon Cup on 1 March 2003. Waterford Institute of Technology provided the opposition and claimed a comprehensive 0-13 to 0-7 defeat of Murphy's side.
Club.
Murphy plays his club hurling and Gaelic football with Bride Rovers and has enjoyed much success. 
In 2003 he lined out in the final of the intermediate championship. Inniscarra provided the opposition and, despite being held on a tight rein in the opening quarter, Bride Rovers powered to the front with a goal in the seventeenth minute and never looked back. A 1-15 to 1-5 victory gave Murphy a coveted championship medal. Bride Rovers later represented Cork in the provincial series of games and even reached the final against Kilruane MacDonagh's of Tipperary. A strong wind made conditions very difficult, however, Bride Rovers triumphed by 0-14 to 0-11 giving Murphy a Munster medal.
On 28 September 2008 Murphy played in the final of the senior championship as Bride Rovers reached the decider for the first time in their history. A goal by Robert O'Driscoll of Sarsfield's with seven minutes of normal time left proved the decisive score as Bride Rovers were narrowly defeated by 2-14 to 2-13.
Minor, under-21 and intermediate.
Murphy first came to prominence on inter-county scene as a member of the Cork minor hurling team. He was an unused substitute during Cork's unsuccessful championship campaign in 1999.
On 10 May 2000 Murphy made his debut for the Cork minors at right corner-back in a 1-9 to 0-10 defeat of Clare. He later won a Munster medal following a 2-19 to 1-10 trouncing of Lmerick. Cork later qualified for the All-Ireland final with Galway providing the opposition. An exciting hour of hurling followed, however, Murphy's side were defeated by 2-19 to 4-10.
Murphy made his Cork under-21 debut on 9 July 2002, however, his two seasons with the team ended without success.
On 16 July 2003 Murphy was included on the Cork intermediate hurling team for the provincial decider against Waterford. On a rain-soaked evening, the Rebels regained the provincial crown and Murphy collected a Munster medal following a 2-12 to 0-11 victory. Murphy was at left corner-back for the subsequent All-Ireland final meeting with Kilkenny. An exciting game of hurling ensued, however, at the final whistle both sides were level. A period of extra-time finally produced a winner, as Cork secured a narrow 1-21 to 0-23 victory. The win gave Murphy an All-Ireland medal in that grade.
Senior.
Murphy made his senior debut in a National Hurling League game against Waterford in 2003. He was later included on Cork's championship panel, and was a non-playing substitute as Cork defeated Waterford to take the Munster crown but eventually lost the All-Ireland to Kilkenny.
Murphy made his senior championship debut for Cork on 16 May 2004 in a Munster quarter-final defeat of Kerry. Cork later reached a Munster final showdown with Waterford. In what many consider to be the greatest provincial championship decider of them all, Cork narrowly lost on a 3-16 to 1-21 score line. The game was not without incident for Murphy, who was involved in an off-the-ball altercation which led to John Mullane's sending off. In spite of surrendering their provincial crown, Cork still reached the All-Ireland final via the back door. Kilkenny provided the opposition on a gloomy and overcast day, however, the game failed to live up to expectations. The sides were level for much of the game, and in the final twenty minutes Cork scored nine points without reply and secured a 0-17 to 0-9 victory. It was Murphy's first All-Ireland medal in the senior grade. He was subsequently presented with the Vodafone Young Hurler of the Year award.
Murphy won his first Munster medal on the field of play on 26 June 2005 when Tipperary were downed on a 1-21 to 1-16 score line. Subsequent defeats of Waterford and Clare set up an All-Ireland final meeting with Galway. Cork never surrendered their lead on the scoreboard after surging to an early lead and held Galway scoreless for the last ten minutes. A 1-21 to 1-16 victory gave Murphy his second All-Ireland medal.
2006 saw Cork turn their attentions to a first three-in-a-row of All-Ireland titles since 1978. For the second successive year, Tipperary provided the opposition in the provincial final. A 2-14 to 1-14 victory gave Murphy his second Munster medal. On 3 September 2006 he lined out in his third successive All-Ireland decider, with Kilkenny providing the opposition. Like previous encounters neither side took a considerable lead, however, Kilkenny had a vital goal from Aidan Fogarty. Cork were in arrears coming into the final few minutes, however, Ben O'Connor goaled for Cork. It was too little too late as the Cats denied the Rebels the three-in-a-row on a score line of 1-16 to 1-13. Murphy was later honoured with an All-Star award for his performances throughout the championship.
The following few seasons proved difficult for Cork, resulting in a strike by the players following Gerald McCarthy's reappointment as manager. After months of pressure McCarthy eventually stepped down as manager in March 2009 and Denis Walsh took over. Just over a month later on 15 April 2009 Murphy announced his shock retirement from inter-county hurling. While some had speculated that his decision was as a result of his opposition to the players' strike, Murphy was also known to have suffered from severe migraines which impacted on his playing.
Murphy later reversed his decision to retire and rejoined the county squad for training on 7 July 2009.
On 23 June 2013 Murphy captained Cork for the first time due to the absence of regular skipper Pa Cronin. The 0-23 to 0-15 defeat of Clare set up a Munster decider with Limerick, however, a shoulder injury in a club game a week later which looked to have brought an end to his season. Murphy recovered from injury and was named in the wing-back position on the starting Cork team to face Clare in the All-Ireland decider on 8 September. Three second-half goals through Conor Lehane, Anthony Nash and Pa Cronin, and a tenth point of the game from Patrick Horgan gave Cork a one-point lead as injury time came to an end. A last-gasp point from corner-back Domhnall O'Donovan earned Clare a 0-25 to 3-16 draw. The replay on 28 September was regarded as one of the best in recent years. Clare's Shane O'Donnell was a late addition to the team, and went on to score a hat-trick of goals in the first nineteen minutes of the game. Patrick Horgan top scored for Cork, however, further goals from Conor McGrath and Darach Honan secured a 5-16 to 3-16 victory for Clare.
Personal life.
Murphy completed a diploma in Business and Marketing at the Cork Institute of Technology and subsequently worked as a sales rep with Southern Business & Finance in Cork where his colleagues included former All-Ireland winners Jimmy Barry-Murphy and Dinny Allen.
In 2009 Murphy was appointed to the full-time position of Games Development Administrator with the Cork County Board.

</doc>
<doc id="5871863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871863" title="FBI Criminal Justice Information Services Division">
FBI Criminal Justice Information Services Division

The Criminal Justice Information Services Division (CJIS) is a division of the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The CJIS was established in February 1992 and it is the largest division in the FBI.
A computerized criminal justice information system that is a counterpart of FBI's National Crime Information Center (NCIC) is centralised in Washington D.C., and is maintained by Department of Justice (DOJ) in each state. It is available to authorized local, state, and federal law enforcement and criminal justice agencies via any of the three law enforcement communication systems – National Law Enforcement Telecommunications System (NLETS), a more localised state criminal information system (name varies by state), and the International Law Enforcement Telecommunications System (INLETS). Usually CJIS offers a much wider range of information nationwide and more precise inquiry search parameters than NCIC. CJIS consists of several databases and one subsystem, and its retrieval and update capabilities are online.
CJIS Overview.
The CJIS Division is the largest division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and is located in a half million square foot main facility on a 986 acre (4.0 km²) tract north of Bridgeport, West Virginia (though the site has been annexed by the adjacent city of Clarksburg). CJIS services located at this site include the National Crime Information Center (NCIC), Integrated Automated Fingerprint Identification System (IAFIS), Law Enforcement Online (LEO), National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS), Uniform Crime Reporting Program/National Incident-Based Reporting System (UCR/NIBRS), and Law Enforcement National Data Exchange (N-DEx). 
The mission of CJIS is to reduce terrorist and criminal activities by maximizing the ability to provide timely and relevant criminal justice information to the FBI and to qualified law enforcement, criminal justice, civilian, academic, employment, and licensing agencies concerning individuals, stolen property, criminal organizations and activities, and other law enforcement related data.
Here statisticians compile vast amounts of data from law enforcement into a series of regular reports detailing the state of crime in communities across the country.
External links.
= Federal Bureau of Investigation

</doc>
<doc id="5871866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871866" title="Muhammad Karam Shah al-Azhari">
Muhammad Karam Shah al-Azhari

Justice Diya al-'Ummah Hadhrat Shaykh Mawlana Mufti Muhammad Karam Shah al-Azhari (), "Sitara-e-Imtiaz", (1918–1998) was an eminent Sheykh (Spiritual Master) of tariqa Chistiyya and an Islamic (Sunni) scholar from Pakistan.
Bibliography.
"The exegesis; Light of the Qur'an"
"Light of the Prophet"
"The beauty of the Qur'an"
"The essays"
"The Sunna of the Best of Creation"
"Commentary of the poem; Purest of Poems"
"A collection of prayers with the means of goodness"
Education According to his family mores his Quranic Education started with the following teachers:- Hafiz Dost Muhammad Sahib, Hafiz Mughal Sahib, Hafiz Baig Sahib, He started his Quranic Education from Hafiz Dost Muhammad Sahib he taught him few portion of Quran, he learned few from Hafiz Mughal and only some from Hafiz Baig Sahib. After completing Quran he used to recite before Hafiz Karam Ali. Hafiz Baig Sahib was blind he educated at various places, Hafiz Mughal Sahib belonged to Ahmad Abad of same vicinity he passed all his life teaching Quran. Hafiz Dost Muhammad Sahib taught Quran in this Hazoor Zia-ul-Ummat’s Chishtia Nizamia shrine for some time but shifted Lalyani and educated Quran there in a Local Mosque for the rest of his life. He was so simple natured person he worked of Quran Binding and it was only source of his earning. Hazoor Zia-ul-Ummat Pir Muhammad Karam Shah started his Quranic Education from such competent personalities; one who truly avoided worldly luxuries and served for religion should become Zia-ul-Ummat. He started his education from Mohammdia Ghousia Primary School in 1925. He was first student of this school. So according to this record, he was seven years old. It’s conceivable that he attended adjoined Dars-e-Quran of Durbar-e- Allia along with his Schooling. Master Barkhudar was his first teacher from School Teachers. He was Head Master of Mohammdia Ghousia School. His ancestral rural community was Chak Ram Das Tehsil Bhalwal District Sargodha. Those days “Pir Shah Sahib” belonged to Saroba or Tobha across the river worked as secretary of Langer Sharif (alms house) his mode of writing was excellent. Hazoor learned plank writing and furnished his mode of writing. At that time there were four classes in primary school. So accordingly he continued his education there from 1925 to 1929. After that he got admission in High School and passed his Matriculation Examination from Government High School Bhera in 1936. The following were his School Teachers who immensely inspired Hazoor. Mr. Zafar Ahmed Chaudry Sahib, Chaudry Jahandad Sahib, Mr.Farman Shah Sahib, Qazi Muhammad Siddique Sahib, Sheikh Muhammad Khurshid Ahmad Sahib. Hazoor Zia-ul-Ummat stated “I was going through Mohala Pir Azam Shah near the street of “Takhat Posh Mosque”. I met Maulana Muhammad Qasim Balakoti on the way. I asked him that “I want you to teach me, which book should I bring.” he replied” Pand Nama”. I was present with the book next day and respected teacher started my teaching with Persian. I studied following books from Maulana Muhammad Qasim Balakoti Persian: Kareema, Pind Nama, Massdar-e-Fiyuz, Naam-e-Haq,Arabic Grammer: Complete Surf and Nahav till Kafia. After Maulana Muhammad Qasim Balakoti, Maulana Abdul Hameed Sahib was contacted who belonged to Khattiala Sheikhan. He was teaching in Jamia Mosque. He taught me few lessons commencing Kafia in adjacent mosque of Durbar Baba Mojdeen (AR) after Zohar Prayer. The above stated mosque had been reconstructed. This mosque is adjoined with Bus Stand. At that time this mosque was a bit far away from settlement but now its in urban area and it’s so populated. Children have been taught five time prayers, Friday address and prayers performed there. How much its blessing of God that. Hazrat Zia-ul-Ummat acquired knowledge from his teacher in a far off mosque. Today just as gratitude to that beneficence his students are performing the duties of immamat in Mosques for Friday prayers and five time prayers. Afterwards Maulana was called on to Durbar Sharif. Hazrat Zia-ul-Ummat studied these books from Maulana Abdul Hameed Sahib. “Alfia, Sharaha-e- Jamie, Magazines of Mantaq (logic), Qutbi, Mir Qutbi, Mabzi, Maula Hassan and Sanjani. Its the duration of two years when he was stating about these two years his expressions were not worthy mentionable for that duration. He stated that he studied these books from Maulana, but longing were not still ended. After Maulana Abdul Hameed Sahib, Scholar of Manatiqa Hazrat Maulana Din Sahib of Badhu near Wah Cant honoured Dar-ul-Uloom Mohammdia Ghousia as teacher. It should be clear that Hazrat Ameer Jundullah (RA) when started Mohammdia Ghousia Primary School along with that inaugurated a religious institute “Dar-ul-Uloom Mohammdia Ghousia Various students used to come there according to that time. Maulana Noor Muhammad Ayubi, Qari Fazal Din Sahib, Maulana Abdul Karim Sahib Abdalvi, Maulana Hakeem Khalil-ur-Rehman Rizvi, all these scholars and a lot of others benefited from this Institute. In consistence with that time same situation was with teachers, those people who expressed their desire and affection for knowledge, teachers honored them and in accordance with their necessity stayed there. In these circumstances Maulana Budhavi was invited. Hazrat Zia-ul-Ummat studied from master of Almunatiqia. Mullah Hassan, Mir Zahid, Mullah Jalal, Hamdullah, Qazi Mumbarik, Salam-ul-Aloom, Saddra, Shams Bazigha, Mukhtasir-ul-Mauni, Mutawul, Muntaq, and Philosophy. Maulana Budhavi was an expert scholar. His lecturing style was remarkable. He strictly avoided irrelevant discussion. The thirst that Hazoor was feeling from last two years now it was satisfied. Hazrat Zia-ul-Ummat stated about Maulana Budhavi that he was so exquisite. He did not only wear spotless dresses himself but also instructed his students to do that. Hazoor stated “the teachers who influenced my life so much, he was one of them.” As he started teaching me then he said to my respected father” give me money, I would buy dresses for my student myself.” He gave ten rupees to respected teacher. He bought three suits, one hankie and one pair of shoes and tailored these dresses from first class tailor master Abdullah. Then said to me if I watched any stain or ink spot on your dress, then I would ask you. He stated one day I kept my pen in my pocket, that pen spotted my pocket. Time was so short, so new dress could not get ready. It was noon when I started washing out the spot. I did my best it just faded but it was not cleared out thoroughly. I was nervous how I would confront respected teacher. I tied my handkerchief on my head and let loose its one curve on my pocket. This way I concealed the mark and studied my lesson.
This statement we could might sight presumption on one side that how much exquisite and sensitive was the teacher and compliance of student on the other side as well. Hazrat Maulana Ghulam Mehmood of Piplan Sharif was replaced with Maulana Muhammad Din Sahib. Hazoor affirmed that he never delivered any lecture without study. He investigated about each word. He was so simple natured. He stayed there for one year and taught these books. Literature: Hammasa, Mutabana Fiqah: Hadaiya Sharif Logics: Mathematics, Askar, Rabi-al-Majeed, Astronomy

</doc>
<doc id="5871867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871867" title="Logan's Run (film)">
Logan's Run (film)

"Logan's Run" is a 1976 American science fiction film directed by Michael Anderson and starring Michael York, Jenny Agutter, Richard Jordan, Roscoe Lee Browne, Farrah Fawcett, and Peter Ustinov. The screenplay by David Zelag Goodman was based on the novel of the same name by William F. Nolan and George Clayton Johnson. It depicts a dystopian future society in which population and the consumption of resources are managed and maintained in equilibrium by the simple expedient of killing everyone who reaches the age of thirty, preventing overpopulation. The story follows the actions of Logan 5, a "Sandman", as he runs from society's lethal demand.
The film was nominated for two Academy Awards and won a Special Academy Award for its visual effects, and won six Saturn Awards including Best Science Fiction Film.
The film was shot primarily in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex – including locations such as the Fort Worth Water Gardens and the Dallas Market Center – between June and September 1975. The film only uses the basic premise from the novel, that everyone must die at a specific age and Logan runs with Jessica as his companion while being chased by Francis. The motivations of the characters are quite different in the film. It was the first film to use Dolby Stereo on 70mm prints.
In 1977, a short-lived TV series based on the film aired, though only 14 episodes were produced. Since 1994, there have been several unsuccessful efforts to remake "Logan's Run".
Plot.
In the year 2274, the remnants of human civilization live in a sealed domed city, a utopia run by a computer that takes care of all aspects of their life, including reproduction. The citizens live a hedonistic lifestyle but understand that in order to maintain the city, every resident when they reach the age of 30 must undergo the ritual of . There, they are vaporized and ostensibly "Renewed." To track this, they are implanted at birth with a "life-clock" crystal in the palm of their hand that changes colors as they approach their "Last Day."
Most residents accept this promise of rebirth, but some realize it is a brutal population control, and go into hiding to avoid Carrousel. These fugitives are known as "Runners", and there are "Sandmen" who are assigned to pursue and terminate them.
Logan 5 and Francis 7 are partner Sandmen. After terminating a Runner, Logan finds an ankh among his possessions. Later, he meets Jessica 6, a girl also wearing an ankh pendant. Logan takes the ankh to the computer, where he is told it is a symbol for a secret group who helps the Runners find "Sanctuary". The computer instructs Logan to find Sanctuary and destroy it. It then changes the color of his Lifeclock to flashing red, four years early. In order to escape Carrousel himself, Logan is now forced to become a Runner.
Logan regroups with Jessica and explains his situation. Together, they meet with the underground group that leads them to the periphery of the city. Logan finds the ankh symbol unlocks an exit from the city. They come out into a frozen cave, with Francis following closely behind. In the cave, they meet Box, a robot designed to capture food for the city from the outside. Box also captures escaped Runners and freezes them like artwork. Before he can freeze them, Logan and Jessica escape from the robot, causing the cave to collapse down on Box.
Once outside, Logan and Jessica notice that their Lifeclocks are dead. They discover that the wilderness has overrun the remains of human civilization. They explore the area, which was once Washington D.C.. In the ruins of the United States Senate chamber, they discover an elderly man. His appearance is a shock to them since neither has ever seen anyone over the age of 30. The old man explains what happened to humanity outside of the city and the fugitives realize Sanctuary is a myth. However, Francis has followed them and he and Logan fight. Logan fatally wounds Francis and as he dies, he sees that Logan's Lifeclock is now clear, believing Logan has Renewed.
Logan and Jessica convince the old man to return to the city with them. Leaving the man outside, the two enter and try to convince everyone that Carrousel is a lie and not necessary. The two are captured by other Sandmen and taken to the computer. The computer interrogates Logan and asks if he completed his mission, but Logan insists "there is no Sanctuary." This answer is not accepted by the computer, even after scanning Logan's mind, and the computer overloads, causing the city's systems to fail and release the exterior seals. Logan and Jessica regroup with the old man as the citizens flee the ruined city. There when the citizens are all released outside they see the old man who is the first human they see far older than 30, proving that they can live their lives much longer, bringing them freedom.
Music.
The score was composed and conducted by Jerry Goldsmith, with orchestrations by Arthur Morton. The score "adheres to two distinct sound palettes: strings, keyboards and abstract electronics only for cues inside the City, and full orchestra for outside."
The first release of portions of the score was on MGM Records on LP, in 1976. The complete expanded and newly remixed score was issued on CD in January, 2002 by Film Score Monthly.
Casting.
Michael York, Jenny Agutter and William Devane were originally cast in the lead roles. Devane bowed out when Alfred Hitchcock requested him to replace actor Roy Thinnes in "Family Plot". Richard Jordan stepped in for DeVane and was best known for his performance in "Rooster Cogburn" and the TV mini-series "Captains and the Kings". York had previously appeared in "Cabaret", "Murder on the Orient Express" and "The Three Musketeers" while Agutter was best known for "The Railway Children" (1970) and "Walkabout (1971)" .
Locations.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios in Culver City and locations in California and Texas:
"Texas"
"California"
Post-production.
The film was previewed for test audiences prior to its release. A few sequences were edited out or shortened as a result. These included a longer sequence in the ice cave where Box asked Logan and Jessica to pose for his ice sculpture. This was cut partially due to extensive nudity so that the film could receive a PG rating and partially due to the length of the scene. There were several other scenes removed including a sequence where Francis hunts down a runner by himself at the beginning of the film. Other sequences were trimmed. These scenes survive in the shooting script but the footage itself appears lost.
Reception.
Roger Ebert gave the film a three-star rating, calling the film a "vast, silly extravaganza", with a plot that's a "cross between Arthur C. Clarke's "The City and the Stars" and elements of "Planet of the Apes"," but "that delivers a certain amount of fun."
"The New York Times" was less positive:
Just why and for what particular purpose Logan makes his run is anything but clear after you've sat through nearly two hours of this stuff. "Logan's Run" is less interested in logic than in gadgets and spectacle, but these are sometimes jazzily effective and even poetic. Had more attention been paid to the screenplay, the movie might have been a stunner.
Awards and honors.
The film won a Special Academy Award and was nominated for two more, Best Cinematography and Best Art Direction-Set Decoration.
"Logan's Run" was very popular at the Saturn Awards, winning the six awards it was nominated for: Best Science Fiction Film, Best Cinematography, Best Art Direction, Best Costume, Best Make-up and Best Set Decoration. It was also nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, the older award for science-fiction and fantasy films, and for the Nebula Award for Best Script. For the film, Anderson was nominated for the Golden Prize at the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5871868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871868" title="Goody Goody">
Goody Goody

"Goody Goody" is a 1936 popular song composed by Matty Malneck, with lyrics by Johnny Mercer.
Benny Goodman and his Orchestra (with vocalist Helen Ward) recorded the song. Frankie Lymon performed it live on television on several occasions, including in 1957 on "The Ted Steele Show". He also had a hit with his recording of the song in the UK, reaching #24 that year, as well as #20 in the United States. It was billed as a recording with his group The Teenagers, but was in fact a solo recording.
Shelley Winters's character in Curtis Harrington's 1971 thriller "What's the Matter with Helen?" plays the song at the end of the movie.
The song was performed by 'Wayne & Wanda' in an episode of "The Muppet Show".
Chicago recorded the song on its 1995 big band album "Night and Day." Their version was arranged and featured lead vocals by Bill Champlin.
A recording by The BBC Dance Orchestra was featured in the film "" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="5871871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871871" title="Death penalty (NCAA)">
Death penalty (NCAA)

The death penalty is the popular term for the National Collegiate Athletic Association's power to ban a school from competing in a sport for at least one year. It is the harshest penalty that an NCAA member school can receive.
It has been implemented only five times:
In the 1980s, two other Division I men's basketball programs, at the University of San Francisco (1982) and Tulane University (1985), self-imposed "death penalties" after revelations of major NCAA violations. These "death penalties" respectively lasted three and four seasons.
Current criteria.
The NCAA has always had the power to ban an institution from competing in a particular sport. However, in 1985, in response to rampant violations at several schools, the NCAA Council passed the "repeat violator" rule. The rule stipulates that if a second major violation occurs at any institution within five years of being on probation in the same sport or another sport, that institution can be barred from competing in the sport involved in the second violation for either one or two seasons. In cases of particularly egregious misconduct, a school can also be stripped of its right to vote at NCAA conventions for four years. The severity of the penalty led the media to dub it "the death penalty," and the nickname has persisted to this day. However, if the NCAA finds a school has engaged in a "pattern of willful violations," it can look back to when the violations first occurred, even if they are outside the five-year window. It also still has the power to ban a school from competing in a sport without any preliminaries in cases of particularly egregious violations. However, the "repeat violator" rule gave the Infractions Committees of the various NCAA divisions specific instances where they must either bar a school from competing or explain why they did not.
University of Kentucky basketball, 1952.
On October 20, 1951, former Kentucky players Alex Groza, Ralph Beard, and Dale Barnstable were arrested for taking bribes from gamblers to shave points during the National Invitation Tournament game against the Loyola Ramblers in the 1948–49 season. This game occurred during the same year that Kentucky won their second straight NCAA title under Adolph Rupp. Rupp and the university were criticized by the presiding judge, Saul Streit, for creating an atmosphere for the violations to occur and for "failing in his duty to observe the amateur rules, to build character, and to protect the morals and health of his charges". Senior center Bill Spivey, a freshman on the 1948 unit, was charged with perjury due to discrepancies between his testimony and former teammates who claimed he was involved in the scheme as well. While he was acquitted, he was barred from ever playing for the Wildcats again.
Following the point shaving scandal, the NCAA and Southeastern Conference opened an investigation into the Kentucky program. School officials hoped that barring Spivey from ever suiting up again would work in their favor. It was to no avail. In August 1952, the SEC barred Kentucky from conference play for the 1952-53 season. In October, in its first-ever formal enforcement action, the NCAA found that 10 Kentucky basketball players received impermissible financial aid. It also found that Rupp and his staff knew the players were ineligible and allowed them to play anyway. As punishment, the NCAA barred Kentucky's entire athletic program from postseason play for the 1952-53 academic year, and directed its basketball-playing members to boycott the Wildcats during the 1952-53 season. The latter penalty was invoked through provisions in the NCAA Constitution that required members to compete against only those schools that were compliant with NCAA rules. This effectively canceled the Wildcats' 1952-53 season, and is thus reckoned as the first "death penalty."
University of Southwestern Louisiana basketball, 1973.
Southwestern Louisiana was found guilty of more than 125 violations in August 1973. Most of them involved small cash payments to players, letting players borrow coaches' and boosters' cars, letting players use university credit cards to buy gas and buying clothes and other objects for players. However, the most severe violations involved massive academic fraud. In the most egregious case, an assistant coach altered a recruit's high school transcript and forged the principal's signature. Several boosters arranged for surrogates to take college entrance exams for prospective recruits. The NCAA responded by scrubbing the Ragin' Cajuns' 1972 and 1973 NCAA Tournament appearances from the books and canceling the 1973-74 and 1974-75 seasons. To date, this is the only multi-season cancellation ever handed down to a Division I member. The NCAA Council found the violations to be so egregious that it recommended throwing Southwestern Louisiana out of the NCAA altogether, but the convention opted to strip the school of voting privileges until 1977.
Southern Methodist University football, 1986.
The SMU case was the first modern "death penalty" - that is, the first one utilized under the "repeat violator" rule. It is the only modern death penalty handed down to a Division I school.
SMU football had already been placed on three years' probation in 1985 for recruiting violations. At the time, it had been on probation seven times (including five times since 1974), more than any other school in Division I-A.
However, in 1986, SMU faced allegations by two whistleblowing players, Sean Stopperich and David Stanley, that players were still being paid. An investigation found that 21 players received approximately $61,000 in cash payments, with the assistance of athletic department staff members, from a slush fund provided by a booster. Payments ranged from $50 to $725 per month, and started only a month after SMU went on its original probation (though it later emerged that a slush fund had been maintained in one form or another since the mid-1970s). Also, SMU officials lied to NCAA officials about when the payments stopped.
While the school had assured the NCAA that players were no longer being paid, the school's board of governors, led by chairman Bill Clements, decided that the school had to honor previous commitments made to the players. However, under a secret plan adopted by the board, the school would phase out the slush once all players that were still being paid had graduated.
As a result:
The infractions committee cited the need to "eliminate a program that was built on a legacy of wrongdoing, deceit and rule violations" as a factor in what is still the harshest penalty ever meted out to any major collegiate program. It also cited SMU's past history of violations and the "great competitive advantage" the Mustangs had gained as a result of cheating. However, it praised SMU for cooperating fully with the investigation, as well as its stated intent to run a clean program. Had SMU not fully cooperated, it would have had its football program shut down until 1989 and would have lost its right to vote at NCAA conventions until 1990.
All recruits and players were allowed to transfer without losing eligibility, and most did. On April 11, 1987, SMU announced its football team would stay shuttered for 1988 as well, citing the near-certainty that it would not have enough experienced players left to field a competitive team. Their concerns proved valid, as new coach Forrest Gregg was left with a severely undersized and underweight roster composed mostly of freshmen.
Before the "death penalty" was instituted, SMU was a storied program in college football, with a Heisman Trophy winner (Doak Walker in 1949), one national championship (from the Dickinson System in 1935) and 10 Southwest Conference titles. The Mustangs compiled a 52–19–1 record from 1980 until 1986, including an undefeated season in 1982 led by the Pony Express backfield of future Pro Football Hall of Fame member Eric Dickerson and Craig James. The only blemish on that team's record was a tie against Arkansas, which denied the Mustangs a shot at the national championship despite being the only undefeated team in the nation.
Afterwards, players were reluctant to attend a school with a history of such major recruiting violations. In addition, the loss of 55 scholarships meant that it would be 1992 before the Mustangs were able to field a team with a full complement of scholarship players; it would be another year before it fielded a team consisting entirely of players unaffected by the scandal.
Since 1989 SMU has defeated only 2 ranked teams, has had only 3 winning seasons, and is 64–158–3. The Mustangs did not return to a bowl game until 2009; they won the 2009 Hawaii Bowl on December 24, 2009 over Nevada by a score of 45–10. The death penalty decimated the Southwest Conference's reputation and finances, contributing to the collapse of the entire conference in 1996 (which led to a major conference realignment). Additionally, according to Yahoo! Sports writer Dan Wetzel, school officials significantly increased admissions standards for all incoming athletes, effectively taking the Mustangs out of contention for the kinds of players they attracted in the 1980s.
Years later, members of the committee that imposed the "death penalty" said that they had never anticipated a situation where they would ever have to impose it, but their investigation at SMU revealed a program completely out of control. Still, the crippling effects the penalty had on SMU has reportedly made the NCAA reluctant to impose another one. Former University of Florida President John V. Lombardi, now president of the Louisiana State University System, said in 2002: "SMU taught the committee that the death penalty is too much like the nuclear bomb. It's like what happened after we dropped the (atom) bomb in World War II. The results were so catastrophic that now we'll do anything to avoid dropping another one.”
Despite the NCAA's apparent wariness about imposing a death penalty, it has indicated that the SMU case is its standard for imposing such an extreme sanction. For example, in its 2005 investigation of the Baylor University men's basketball team, the NCAA determined that the Bears had committed violations as egregious as those found at SMU 18 years earlier. However, it praised Baylor for taking swift corrective action once the violations came to light, including forcing out head coach Dave Bliss. According to the NCAA, this stood in marked contrast to SMU, where school officials knew violations had occurred and did nothing. The report asserted that
The violations in the present matter are as serious as those committed in the case
referenced above . However, in contrast to that case, once the violations finally came to light Baylor University took decisive and meaningful action to stop the violations and to punish itself and the involved individuals, including replacing the entire men's basketball coaching staff, implementing a postseason ban, forfeiting conference tournament revenue and reducing official paid visits, recruiting opportunities and scholarships...The university and several of the involved individuals exhibited genuine remorse and demonstrated total cooperation with the NCAA in developing the facts of this case.
Other Division I schools with serious infractions.
Since imposing the "death penalty" against SMU, the NCAA has reportedly considered imposing the sanction at least three times on a Division I school—against Kentucky basketball in 1989, Penn State football in 2012, and Texas Southern Tigers athletics in 2012.
Kentucky basketball, 1989.
In 1989, Kentucky basketball was found guilty of rampant recruiting and eligibility violations. The Wildcats were facing the possibility of a death penalty after being sanctioned in 1988 for failing to cooperate with an earlier investigation. In its final report, the NCAA said that Kentucky's violations were egregious enough to warrant a death penalty. However, the NCAA said it decided against imposing a death penalty after school president David Roselle took swift action to bring the basketball program under control once the violations came to light—including forcing the resignations of head coach Eddie Sutton and athletic director Cliff Hagan. In its final report, the infractions committee stated:
Because of the nature of the violations found in this case, the committee seriously considered whether the regular-season schedule for the men's basketball program should be curtailed in whole or in part for one or two seasons of competition. In the judgment of the committee, the nature of the violations found would justify such a penalty. However, this case also was evaluated in the light of the university's actions to bring itself into compliance. While breakdowns occurred in the institutional control exercised over the men's basketball program within the athletics department and in the men's basketball program itself, the university's president acted forcefully to uncover all relevant information bearing on these matters and to set a proper direction for the future of the university's athletics program. The committee has credited these actions, and so the penalties, although severe, do not include any limitation on regular-season competition.
Penn State football, 2012.
In 2012, Penn State was disciplined with some of the harshest sanctions that have been imposed on an NCAA member school since the SMU case—including a four-year bowl ban for the football team—for school officials' failure to report former defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky's numerous instances of molesting children. Hours after the sanctions were announced, school president Rodney Erickson said that had Penn State not agreed to a sweeping consent decree implementing the sanctions, it would have faced a multi-year suspension of the football program without any preliminaries. Erickson subsequently told ESPN's John Barr that Penn State was facing as long as a four-year ban from play. Erickson also told ESPN's Don Van Natta that he had been prompted to start negotiations after NCAA president Mark Emmert personally told him that a majority of the NCAA leadership wanted to shut the football program down for four years.
However, NCAA Executive Committee chairman and Oregon State president Ed Ray, whose committee was charged by Emmert with designing the sanctions, told ESPN's Adam Rittenberg that while there had been considerable discussion over whether to include a death penalty as one of the sanctions, "the overwhelming position of members of both the executive committee and the Division I board was against a suspension of play." Ray "categorically" denied that Penn State had been threatened with a death penalty had it not agreed to the sanctions, saying that including it as a backup in the event of such a denial was "never even a point of discussion within either the executive committee or the Division I board." Emmert himself told ESPN's Bob Ley that the death penalty was "unequivocally on the table" as a possible sanction. However, he said that the NCAA ultimately decided against imposing one due to Penn State's swift corrective action after the scandal broke in full—including the firing of head coach Joe Paterno and the forced resignation of president Graham Spanier—as well as its full cooperation with the NCAA. "Had Penn State not been as decisive as they were," Emmert said, "I don't know what the outcome would have been, but I suspect it would have been significantly worse." He also denied that the NCAA had threatened Penn State with a death penalty had it not signed the consent decree, saying that there had been "significant confusion" about those circumstances. He did, however, say that had Penn State not accepted the consent decree, the NCAA would have launched a full-blown infractions investigation that would have had "an unknown outcome." Earlier, Emmert told Yahoo! Sports' Pat Forde that if Penn State had not agreed to the sanctions, the board would have taken action on its own, "probably with harsher penalties."
The consent decree stated that the death penalty was primarily reserved for repeat violators that had neither cooperated with the NCAA nor taken any corrective measures. It not only noted Penn State's swift corrective action, but also pointed out that the school had never been the subject of a major infractions case before. However, if you look at the NCAA website on infractions, Penn State is not listed as ever committing an infraction.
Texas Southern athletics, 2012.
In October 2012, the NCAA found Texas Southern University guilty of massive violations in 13 sports over a seven-year period from 2005 to 2012. The most serious violations occurred within the football and men's basketball programs, involving academic fraud, illicit benefits given to student athletes, lying on the part of coaches, and lying to the NCAA about self-imposed sanctions. The NCAA deemed TSU a "double repeat violator"; the Tigers had either been on probation or had violations occurring for all but six years since 1992. The NCAA seriously considered a death penalty due to the egregiousness of the violations, as well as TSU's failure to reform itself over the past two decades. However, according to Greg Sankey, chief operating officer of the SEC and a member of the infractions committee, it decided against doing so due to cooperation from President John Rudley and Athletic Director Charles McClelland, as well as the school's corrective measures—including firing football coach Johnnie Cole and forcing the resignation of men's basketball coach Tony Harvey. Instead, the NCAA banned TSU's men's basketball team from the 2013 postseason and banned TSU's football team from the 2013 and 2014 postseason. Earlier, TSU had vacated every game that Tiger teams had won from 2006 to 2010, and vacated all victories in football and women's soccer for the 2010-11 season.
NCAA schools outside of Division I.
Morehouse College soccer, 2003.
In 2000, Morehouse's part-time soccer coach, Augustine Konneh (who had lobbied to get soccer elevated to varsity status two years earlier) signed two Nigerian-born players to play for the Maroon Tigers even though they had played professionally for the Atlanta Ruckus of the A-League two years earlier. They also played a few games for Morehouse before they actually enrolled at the school. Despite obvious red flags in their applications—they would have been only grade-school age when they enrolled at the University of Liberia, and one of them couldn't provide a transcript of his collegiate coursework—Morehouse admitted them. Even though the school's athletic director received word that the two players might have been ineligible, they were allowed to play in 2001 as well. Although Konneh was replaced as coach in 2001, numerous other violations—including a player being allowed to compete without proper paperwork—led Morehouse to cancel the 2003 season. In November 2003, the NCAA barred Morehouse from fielding a soccer team again until 2006—in effect, extending the self-imposed cancellation for an additional two seasons. It was the first multi-year shutdown of an athletic program since the NCAA adopted the "repeat violator" rules. It also slapped Morehouse with five years' probation—the longest that can be imposed under the NCAA constitution, and tied for the longest probation ever. "USA Today" called it the harshest penalty ever handed down to a collegiate program. The Division II infractions committee came down particularly hard on Morehouse because of a lack of institutional control; for a time the athletic department did not know the soccer program even existed. While this was Morehouse's first major infractions case, the NCAA felt compelled to impose the death penalty because of what it called "a complete failure" to keep the program in compliance. Soccer at Morehouse has since reverted to intramural status; school officials had planned to shutter varsity soccer for an indefinite period even before the NCAA acted.
MacMurray College tennis, 2004.
MacMurray's men's tennis team had its 2005–06 and 2006–07 seasons canceled after part-time coach Neal Hart and his father arranged to obtain $126,000 worth of grants for 10 players from foreign countries from 2000 to 2004. Division III schools are not allowed to offer scholarships. When athletic director Bob Gay learned about the violations in 2004, he forfeited the one match the team had played that year, canceled the rest of the 2004-05 season, and self-reported the matter to the NCAA. The Division III infractions committee said that while Hart's intentions were good, he had nonetheless committed blatant violations. The committee was also angered by Hart's statements at the hearing; he'd referred to several NCAA rules as "a joke" and described the grant program as a "scheme." Hart said years later that he'd opted not to deliver a written statement before the committee, and this led him to make poor choices of words. As with Morehouse two years earlier, while this was MacMurray's first major infractions case, the NCAA felt compelled to impose the "death penalty" because of the nature of the violations. In its final report, the NCAA cited the violation of basic Division III principles, the size of the grant fund, the "significant" competitive advantage gained through the grants (though MacMurray never won more than six matches in Hart's tenure) and what it described as Hart's "cavalier attitude" toward NCAA rules.
In addition to the two-year death penalty, MacMurray was also banned from postseason play in 2008 and 2009. However, the tennis program has never returned. Hart was also slapped with a four-year show-cause penalty, but this was overturned on appeal.
Self-imposed "death penalties".
University of San Francisco men's basketball, 1982.
The University of San Francisco had one of the richest traditions in men's basketball on the West Coast, highlighted by back-to-back national titles in 1955 and 1956 behind all-time great Bill Russell. The Dons remained a strong program well into the 1970s. Although they had long since been surpassed as a West Coast power by UCLA, they were reckoned as one of the closest things to a major basketball power in a mid-major conference (similar to the perception of Gonzaga, a member of the West Coast Conference alongside USF since 1980, in the 21st century).
However, the Dons' sustained prominence came at a price. The NCAA slapped the Dons with probation two times in the late 1970s; each NCAA investigation eventually led to the ouster of a San Francisco head coach. It was also well known that basketball players got special treatment; many were marginal students at best, and at least one instance where a player threatened another student was swept under the rug by school officials. It was also common for "tutors" to take tests and write papers for players.
The situation finally came to a head in December 1981, when All-American guard Quintin Dailey assaulted a female student. During the subsequent investigation, Dailey admitted taking a no-show job at a business owned by a prominent non-sports USF donor. The donor had also paid Dailey $5,000 since 1980. Combined with other revelations, school president Rev. John Lo Schiavo announced on July 26, 1982 that he was shutting down the basketball program—the first time a school had shut down a major sport under such circumstances. Lo Schiavo had let it be known after the second NCAA case was resolved in 1980 that he would shut down the program if there was any further incident. Drastic as it was, the move was widely applauded by several members of the coaching fraternity. By nearly all accounts, the Dailey matter revealed a program that was, in the words of "San Francisco Chronicle" sportswriter Glenn Dickey, "totally out of control."
San Francisco reinstated men's basketball in 1985. However, the Dons have never approached the prominence they enjoyed from the 1950s to the early 1980s. This was mainly because Lo Schiavo significantly increased admissions standards for all student-athletes, effectively taking them out of contention for the kind of players they had attracted in their glory years.
Tulane University men's basketball, 1985.
In March 1985, Tulane University faced one of the more sordid scandals in NCAA history when five basketball players, most notably star John "Hot Rod" Williams, were alleged to have been involved in a point shaving scheme. According to New Orleans prosecutors, the ringleaders of the scheme used cocaine to gain the confidence of the players. While Williams was tried on charges related to the scheme, a mistrial was declared and the presiding judge dropped all charges.
In the meantime, Tulane enlisted a law firm from outside the New Orleans area to conduct an in-house investigation. During the probe, head coach Ned Fowler and two assistants admitted to paying players. On April 4, president Eamon Kelly announced that he would recommend the permanent disbanding of the basketball program in order to "demonstrate unambiguously this academic community's intolerance of the violations and actions we have uncovered." Soon afterward, Fowler and his staff handed in their resignations. By the end of the month, Tulane's athletic director also resigned, and the school was forced to leave the Metro Conference as a result. According to "Sports Illustrated", the scandal, combined with reports of academic impropriety, enraged the faculty to the point that several members wanted to drop intercollegiate athletics altogether. They were only appeased when Kelly proposed to shut down the basketball program.
Kelly was praised for his decision to abolish the program; "SI's" Armen Keteyian wrote that given the egregiousness of the misconduct, nothing short of "the most drastic measure" was appropriate. At the time, Kelly vowed that men's basketball would never be reinstated; when asked if there was any chance it would return, he replied, "Permanent means permanent." However, he relented in 1988 when students who wanted a return of basketball convinced him that they were effectively being punished for something that happened before they came to Tulane. The program resumed play in the 1989–90 season, with Tulane returning to the Metro.

</doc>
<doc id="5871880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871880" title="Only Fools on Horses">
Only Fools on Horses

Only Fools on Horses was a BBC reality television programme produced by Endemol UK. The show's name was a play on that of the sitcom "Only Fools and Horses", and first aired on 7 July 2006. It featured twelve celebrities who performed equestrian events, with one celebrity being eliminated every day until only one was left. Proceeds went towards Sport Relief. It was presented by Angus Deayton and Kirsty Gallacher.
After the final, it was announced that the event had raised over £250,000 for Sport Relief. The final, a jump off between Jenni and Nicki, was won by Jenni Falconer.
Celebrities.
In reverse order of elimination:
External links.
Stars saddle-up for Only Fools On Horses - BBC Press office

</doc>
<doc id="5871885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871885" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in West Yorkshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in West Yorkshire

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in West Yorkshire. Note that English Nature, the designating body for SSSIs in England, uses the 1974–1996 county system, and the same approach is followed here, rather than, for example, merging all Yorkshire sites into a single list.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5871886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871886" title="Margaret Teele">
Margaret Teele

Margaret Teele (born Margaret J. Poby, 5 November 1942 in Joliet, Illinois) and raised in Green Bay, Wisconsin is an American television and motion picture actress who appeared in "Gomer Pyle", "The Andy Griffith Show", "Batman", "The Rounders", "The Accidental Family" and "Captain Nice" and other television shows as well as films such as "The Silencers", "Way Way Out", "Hook, Line & Sinker", "The Unkissed Bride" (also known as "Mother Goose a Go-Go") and "The Human Duplicators".
Margaret Teele grew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin, attended Saint Patrick's Catholic Grade School and Saint Joseph's Academy High School. Margaret began acting in local high school productions. In one of the productions, "The King and I", Teele played Tony Shalhoub's mother. Teele resigned from acting to raise a family. She is the mother of singer Jenna Drey.

</doc>
<doc id="5871887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871887" title="Kimberly A. Lightford">
Kimberly A. Lightford

Kimberly Lightford is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 4th district since 1998. She is Assistant Majority Leader and also serves on Labor, Education, Executive, Financial Institutions and Redistricting committees. She is also chair of the Senate Black Caucus and co-chair of the Illinois Commission of Intergovernmental Cooperation.
Senator Lightford’s legislative career is highlighted by her support for promoting quality educational and development programs for Illinois’ youth. As Chair of the Senate Education Committee from 2005 to 2008, she was able to pass legislation providing specialized curricula for bullying prevention and a universal preschool program for at risk three-and four-year-old children.
As Assistant Majority Leader, Senator Lightford has been an advocate for education reform. Because of her leadership, the Senate has passed legislation reforming the charter school system to allow for more charter schools both in Chicago and downstate. In addition, Senator Lightford has worked to pass legislation aimed at re-enrolling high school dropouts. The Illinois Hope and Opportunity Pathways through Education (IHOPE) program will offer classes to students who have dropped out of high school, allowing them a second chance at earning a diploma.
Lightford has sponsored legislation to assist state workers by requiring all state agencies to notify the Department of Human Rights 30 days before affecting any layoff. This legislation allows state employees who are targeted for layoffs to receive the same assistance that is now provided to employees in the private sector. 
Lightford attended Proviso East High School before going on to Western Illinois University and earning a Master's degree in Public Administration (MPA) from the University of Illinois at Springfield. She also completed an internship with the Illinois Department of Corrections. After graduation, she accepted a position with the Department of Corrections in Chicago. She successfully ran for Maywood Village Trustee after encouragement from her state representative. When State Senator Earlean Collins announced plans to retire, Lightford was elected in March 1998 and began serving in November, two months before the traditional inauguration, when Collins retired.

</doc>
<doc id="5871901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871901" title="Creator (film)">
Creator (film)

Creator is a 1985 film directed by Ivan Passer, starring Peter O'Toole, Vincent Spano, Mariel Hemingway, and Virginia Madsen. It is based on a book of the same title by Jeremy Leven.
Plot.
Harry Wolper (O'Toole) is a Nobel Prize laureate in biology, obsessed by the possibility of cloning his late wife, Lucy. Helped by a student, Boris Lafkin (Spano), and an eccentric egg-donor, Meli (Hemingway), Boris finally succeeds in cloning a zygote. Meanwhile, Boris's girlfriend, Barbara (Madsen), suffers a cerebral vascular accident and slips into a coma. The doctors insist Barbara will never recover. In his grief, Boris discusses cloning Barbara with Boris but realizes she would not be the same woman. Boris continues to visit Barbara in the hospital. Harry realizes that he loves Meli and dumps the remaining cells in the sea, letting go of his late wife to be with Meli. Barbara makes a remarkable recovery and Meli announces she is pregnant.

</doc>
<doc id="5871909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871909" title="Orange Order in Canada">
Orange Order in Canada

The Orange Order is a Protestant fraternal organisation based predominantly in Northern Ireland and Scotland, and has lodges in Canada as well as in Australia, New Zealand, Ghana, Togo, the U.S.A, etc..
Upper Canada & the Province of Canada.
The Orange Lodges have existed in Canada at least since the War of 1812. It was more formally organized in 1830 when the Grand Orange Lodge of British North America was established by Ogle Robert Gowan in the Upper Canada town of Elizabethtown, which became Brockville in 1832 (according to the plaque outside the original lodge in Brockville, Ontario). Gowan immigrated from Ireland in 1829, and became the grand master of the Grand Orange Lodge of British North America he established. His father was the grand master of the Irish Orange Order. Most early members were from Ireland, but later many English, Scots, and other Protestant Europeans joined the Order.
Fraternal Organization.
The Order was the chief social institution in Upper Canada, organizing many community and benevolent activities, and helping Protestant immigrants to settle. It remained a predominant political force in southern Ontario well into the twentieth century. A notable exception to Orange predominance occurred in London, Ontario, where Catholic and Protestant Irish formed a non-sectarian Irish society in 1877.
Protestant ascendency & Politics in Toronto.
Historian Hereward Senior has noted that the Orange Order’s political ideal was expressed in the word “ascendancy.”
"This meant, in effect, control of the volunteer militia, of much of the machinery of local government, and substantial influence with the Dublin administration. Above all, it meant the ability to exert pressure on magistrates and juries which gave Orangemen a degree of immunity from the law. Their means of securing ascendancy had been the Orange lodges which provided links between Irish Protestants of all classes. This ascendancy often meant political power for Protestant gentlemen and a special status for Protestant peasants." In the context of Toronto, such ascendancy was sought through the Corporation (as the administration of the city of Toronto was known). By 1844, six of Toronto’s ten aldermen were Orangemen, and over the rest of the nineteenth century twenty of twenty-three mayors would be as well.
Electoral riots.
“Ascendancy,” or control of this legal and political machinery, gave the Orange Order a monopoly on the use of “legitimate” violence. Between 1839 and 1866, the Orange Order was involved in 29 riots in Toronto, of which 16 had direct political inspiration.
Control of 'the Corporation'.
The Orange Order became a central facet of life in many parts of Canada, especially in the business centre of Toronto where many deals and relationships were forged at the lodge. Toronto politics, especially on the municipal level, were almost wholly dominated by the Orange Order. The highly influential weekly newspaper, "The Sentinel", promoted Protestant social and political views and was widely circulated throughout North America. At its height in 1942 16 of the 23 members of city council were members of the Orange Order. Every mayor of Toronto in the first half of the twentieth century was an Orangeman. This continued until the 1954 election when the Jewish Nathan Phillips defeated radical Orange leader Leslie Howard Saunders.
The rest of Canada.
The Orange Lodge was a centre for community activity in Newfoundland. For example, in 1903 Sir William Coaker founded the Fisherman's Protective Union (F.P.U.) in an Orange Hall in Herring Neck. Furthermore, during the term of Commission of Government (1934–1949), the Orange Lodge was one of only a handful of "democratic" organizations that existed in the Dominion of Newfoundland. It supported Newfoundland's confederation with Canada in reaction to Catholic bishops' support for self-government.
The Orange Order was also a force in the Maritime Provinces, such that riots surrounding Orange marches occurred in the 1840s (a period of Irish mass immigration) in New Brunswick. Even tiny Woodstock, New Brunswick experienced a riot in 1847 on The Twelfth (July 12, the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne), near a now vanished Orange Hall at the corner of Victoria and Boyne streets. The height of conflict was a riot in Saint John on July 12, 1849, in which at least 12 people died. The violence subsided as Irish immigration declined, though even in 1884, 3 were killed in Harbour Grace in the "usual" "collision" "between Orangemen and Roman Catholics". 
After 1945, the Canadian Orange Order rapidly declined in membership and political influence. The development of the welfare state made its fraternal society functions less important. A more important cause of the decline was the secularization of Canadian society: with fewer Canadians attending churches of any sort, the old division between Protestant and Catholic seemed less relevant.
Orangemen and War.
In 1913, the Orange Association of Manitoba volunteered a regiment to fight with the Ulster Volunteers against the new Irish government if Home Rule were to be introduced to Ireland.
Orangemen played a big part in suppressing the Upper Canada Rebellion of William Lyon Mackenzie in 1837. Though the rebellion was short-lived, 317 Orangemen were sworn into the local militia by the Mayor of Toronto and then resisted Mackenzie's march down Yonge Street in 1837. 
They were involved in fighting against the Fenians at Ridgeway, Ontario in 1866. An obelisk there marks the spot where Orangemen died in defending the colony against an attack by members of Clan na Gael (commonly known as Fenians). 
Orangemen in western Canada helped suppress the rebellions of Louis Riel in 1870 and 1885. The murder of abducted Orangeman Thomas Scott was a turning point in the 1870 Red River Rebellion which caused the Dominion government to launch the Red River Expedition to restore order. The first Orange Warrant in Manitoba and the North West Territories was carried by a member of this expedition.
The call to arms by Bro. Sir Samuel Hughes, the Canadian Minister for War and member of LOL 557 Lindsay Ontario, resulted in some 80,000 members from Canada volunteering for service during the First World War.
Prominent Members.
Four members have been Prime Ministers of Canada, namely Sir John A. Macdonald, the father of Canadian Confederation, Sir John Abbott, Sir Mackenzie Bowell (a past Grand Master), and John Diefenbaker. In addition to many Ontario Premiers. Possibly because of the number of Irish Newfoundlanders, many of the diplomats who negotiated the Terms of Union between Newfoundland and Canada in 1947 were members of the Orange Lodge: Joseph Smallwood, P.W. Crummey (a past Newfoundland Grand Master) and F.G. Bradley (a past Newfoundland Grand Master), in fact the Orange Order played an important role in bringing Newfoundland into Confederation.
Tommy Douglas, social activist and politician, was the seventh Premier of Saskatchewan (1944–1961), and the first leader of the New Democratic Party. He is most notably credited as being the Father of Medicare.
Edward Frederick Clarke, a prominent editor and publisher, served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1886 to 1904 and as a member of the Canadian Parliament from 1896 to 1905.
Orangeman Alexander James Muir (Ontario) wrote both the music and lyrics to the Canadian patriotic song "The Maple Leaf Forever" in 1867. The song was considered for the role of National Anthem in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="5871915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871915" title="Steven Kellogg">
Steven Kellogg

Steven Kellogg (born October 26, 1941 in Norwalk, Connecticut) is an American writer and illustrator who has created more than 90 children's books. He is best known for writing books about animals, for which he credits his grandmother . 
On November 12, 2011, Steven was given an honorary doctor of humane letters from The University of Findlay. All of his original illustrations were donated to the Mazza Museum of International Art from Picture Books at Findlay. The donation was made possible in part by a $350,000 gift by close friend, Anthony Edwards. More than 2700 works of art were included.
Bibliography.
Book List:
Author and Illustrator
Illustrator Only

</doc>
<doc id="5871920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871920" title="The Snarkout Boys and the Avocado of Death">
The Snarkout Boys and the Avocado of Death

Originally published in 1982, The Snarkout Boys and the Avocado of Death is a young adult novel written by Daniel Pinkwater and features alienated teenagers, avocado-obsessed mad scientists, and a plot to replace all of the world's realtors with aliens.
Plot summary.
The story is told from the viewpoint of Walter Galt, a teenager on the verge of dying from boredom at Genghis Khan High School, until he meets Winston Bongo, another suffering student and the self-proclaimed inventor of "snarking out" (which involves sneaking out of your house late at night, going to the movie theater, hanging out, and sneaking back home without getting caught). They usually go to an all-night movie theater, "The Snark". While snarking out, they meet the usual assortment of oddballs, such as Ms. Bentley Saunders Harrison Matthews, a.k.a. Rat, and places, from Blueberry Park to Lower North Aufzoo Street to Beanbender's Beer Garden. Along the way, they help foil the scheme of the world's greatest criminal genius and his gang of trained orangutans.
Availability.
The book, while out-of-print in its original form, can be found in his 1997 omnibus, "5 Novels".
The book was followed by a 1984 sequel, "The Snarkout Boys and the Baconburg Horror", which can be found in his 2000 omnibus, "4 Fantastic Novels". A third novel, "I Snarked with a Zombie" was planned but never written.

</doc>
<doc id="5871927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871927" title="Žikica Jovanović Španac">
Žikica Jovanović Španac

Živorad "Žikica" Jovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Живорад „Жикица" Јовановић; 1914 – 13 March 1942), better known as Španac (Шпанац, meaning "The Spaniard") was a Yugoslav partisan and is credited for starting the anti-fascist struggle in Yugoslavia during World War II.
Biography.
Before World War II.
Jovanović was born in Valjevo, Central Serbia, related to an extended family of landowners and merchants he graduated from high school there, enrolling the Faculty of Philosophy at the University of Belgrade. However, before completing his studies, Žikica, like so many other idealists across Europe, volunteered to help the Spanish Republic rebuff a Fascist Coup launched in the Summer of 1936. Whilst in Spain he fought with some distinction in the Spanish Civil War, and became a highly respected guerrilla warfare specialist and combatant of the Madrid University City Battle between the Republican volunteers and the Spanish Army of Africa. He stayed on fighting at the head of the Balkan Volunteer Brigade in a number of campaigns such as Battle of the Ebro and Teruel until the fall of Barcelona in 1939, with the tragic collapse of the Republic. 
Among his compatriots and fellow brigadiers, he was later nicknamed "Španac" (the Spaniard) for this time spent in struggle with the Spanish people with whom he had developed a tremendous affinity. He was one of the few remaining International Brigades volunteers who fled over the frontier to France, only to be interned by the Gestapo as an "enemy alien" following the Nazi invasion. It is believed that along with others he affected an escape via Marseilles, and walked much of the way home after landing in Italy.
World War II.
In April 1941 following the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia and Greece, Jovanović wanted to join the army, but was rejected under suspicion of anti-state activities having been a Revolutionary suspect in the so-called "White Terror" of King Alexander during the 1930s, and later, Prince Regent Pavle. 
Three months later, after joining the Partisan movement led by Josip Broz Tito, he is reputed to have started the war against fascist occupiers. On July 7, 1941, he shot two members of the Quisling Serbian State Police, or gendarmerie, at a fair in Bela Crkva. Then, mounting the steps of the Local Town Hall, he fired into the air to summon the crowd with his two trade mark Webley Revolvers, giving a rousing speech that called upon the Proletarian Class of Yugoslavia to destroy the Beasts of Fascism, uttering the legendary words that became the rallying cry of the Yugoslav Communist Party: "Death to Fascism, Freedom for the People". Whether the actual Revolt began in relation to these events, or indeed began as a result of simultaneously localized acts of sabotage organized across many districts cells of the Central Committee of the Yugoslav Communist Party is unclear. The official history of the Communist State regards the actions of Jovanović as the beginning of the anti-fascist war in Yugoslavia, and had a National Holiday referred to in all State matters as "Republic Day".
In the days and weeks that followed, a massive provincial revolt grew which is referred to as the "Ustanak" (Uprising), that coincided with the Yugoslav Communist Parties' instruction from the Comintern to light the fires of revolt across Europe following the Axis invasion of the USSR.
Death.
Žikica Jovanović "Španac" died in battle. He died in the village of Radanovci on 13 March 1942, in a battle against the Chetniks, Yugoslav Royalists, and German Police Battalion after having covered the retreat of a group of Partisans whose positions had been betrayed by their fellow countrymen.
Legacy.
He was proclaimed a People's Hero of Yugoslavia on 6 July 1945.
Today Španac is best remembered in popular songs of Yugoslav Rock Group Riblja Čorba, and has a number of schools and a hospital in Valjevo named after him. Before the 1990s, the Yugoslav regime often cited him as a model influence, regularly celebrated his life by dedicating monuments and public venues to the "Warrior of the Spanish Revolution".

</doc>
<doc id="5871954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871954" title="James L. Quinn (politician)">
James L. Quinn (politician)

James Leland Quinn (September 8, 1875 – November 12, 1960) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography.
James L. Quinn was born in Emlenton, Pennsylvania. He moved to Braddock, Pennsylvania with his parents in 1880, and attended St. Thomas School. He was employed as a newspaper reporter from 1891 to 1896, and became owner and publisher of the "Braddock Journal" in 1896. He was a member of the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives from 1933 to 1935.
Quinn was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fourth and Seventy-fifth Congresses, but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1938. He resumed the newspaper publishing business. He died in Braddock, Pennsylvania, and is interred in Braddock Catholic Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5871958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871958" title="DrUnder">
DrUnder

DrUnder is the sixth studio album from Serbian rock band Van Gogh, released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5871966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871966" title="Granary Wharf">
Granary Wharf

Granary Wharf is a shopping centre built in the brick tunnels underneath Leeds railway station and above the River Aire on Dark Neville Street in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. The tunnel complex is known locally as the Dark Arches.
History.
In 1864 it was proposed to build "New Station" in Leeds. Construction began in 1866 and the station was completed in 1869. The new station was built on arches which span the River Aire, Neville Street and Swinegate. The building of the station led to the creation of the 'Dark Arches' over Neville Street. Over 18 million bricks were used during their construction, breaking records at the time. Although the arches appear to be part of one single structure, closer inspection reveals that it is a series of independent viaducts two or four tracks wide. The station is situated next to the terminus of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, but as the station is raised high above ground level it is possible to gain access to the Dark Arches from the towpath.
Developed in the 1990s and advertised as Leeds' best kept secret, the Granary Wharf shopping centre is situated underneath the Dark Arches. There were several established businesses underneath the arches, these included; restaurants, shops, boutiques, cafes, a bakery, exhibition spaces and a 1,000 capacity events venue. The Arches as a shopping centre was in decline for some time, and has now been developed as a car park.
In 2009 Granary Wharf was redeveloped with a new Hotel, the City Inn, Leeds (now DoubleTree by Hilton) and two apartment blocks, the Candle House and Watermans Place.

</doc>
<doc id="5871969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871969" title="Matt Littler">
Matt Littler

Matt Littler (born 19 March 1982) is a British actor and director born in Bury, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom. He is most famous for playing the role Max Cunningham from 1997 to 2008 in the British Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks".
Career.
Littler is most notable for his role on the British soap opera "Hollyoaks" in which he played Max Cunningham, a role he held for 11 years before his character's death in June 2008. He decided to leave the show with his on/off-screen best friend Sam "O.B." O'Brien, played by Darren Jeffries, who left the show a few months earlier, and later returned for Max's departure. Max was one of the longest running characters on the show. On ITV's "This Morning" show, Matt revealed that he will be returning to "Hollyoaks" to direct a few episodes.
Littler has been a co-presenter, with Darren Jeffries, on 4Music programme "Orange RockCorps". Other appearances have been on Big Brother's Big Mouth and Only Fools on Horses. In 2007 Litller had a role in Neil Carroll's "For King and Country".
Littler co-founded Liverpool based production company, "Roll Camera" with Craig Forster. With the company Littler directed and produced a music video for the band GK and the Renegades. In his independent directing role, Littler wrote, directed and acted in a short film in 2008 called "Kidnap", which also starred a number of "Hollyoaks" actors.
In 2009, 4Music released several never seen before shows called 'The Versus Chart'. They are presented by Matt Littler and Darren Jeffries.
In January 2009, Matt and Darren started a career in radio, presenting the "Sat Nav" show on Saturday mornings from 10am-2pm on Preston based radio station 97.4 Rock FM.
Awards.
British Soap Awards
National Television Awards

</doc>
<doc id="5871973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871973" title="Dennis Paulson">
Dennis Paulson

Dennis Jay Paulson (born September 27, 1962) is an American professional golfer. 
Paulson was born in San Gabriel, California. He had a PGA Tour victory in 2000. His tour nickname is The Chief.
Paulson has been featured in the top 50 of the Official World Golf Rankings.
Professional wins (7).
PGA Tour wins (1).
PGA Tour playoff record (1–2)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
WD = Withdrew<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5871984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871984" title="Special Police Unit of the Chinese People's Armed Police Force">
Special Police Unit of the Chinese People's Armed Police Force

Special Police Units (Abbreviation: SPU; Simplified Chinese: 特警队) are SWAT units of the Chinese People's Armed Police at the provincial and municipal level. There is at least one of such unit in each Chinese province to offer their services when requested by the local police, or other law enforcement agencies such as the customs service and the regular police.
History.
Early years.
With the rise of global terrorism and increasing incidence of local aircraft hijackings in the 80's, came a need for a tactical armed response group to respond to both such local and international crises. With approval from the People's Liberation Army, a select group of elite officers was chosen and organized into the Anti-hijack Special Police Group (反劫机特种警察部队) on July 22, 1982, officially code-named Public Security Unit 722 (公安部警字722部队). They were officially inaugurated into the PLA in the capital of Beijing during a ceremony on the 28th.
The command of the unit was later transferred to the People's Armed Police in 1983, and renamed China People's Armed Police Special Police Force (中国人民武装警察部队特种警察大队), and they were to undertake new roles such as counter-terrorism and counter-riot. In accordance with the Ministry of Home Affairs and Public Security regulations, the unit was again renamed China People's Armed Police Special Police School (中国人民武装警察部队特种警察学校) in 1985. The unit went on a recruitment exercise and, took in its first batch of new cadets that September.
2000 onwards.
In 2002, with Central Military Commission approval the Special Police course was institutionalised into college studies of various disciplines. It was renamed People's Armed Police Special Police College, combining both combat and education roles.
Since its inauguration, the People's Armed Police has set up Special Police Units in 36 provinces nationwide.
Organisation.
The original Special Police Unit was set up in Beijing, but the increasing incidence of armed criminal activity throughout the whole of China has emphasized a need for such units within the individual states. The various units all answer directly to the Central government and enforce the same laws, however similar to such units in the United States they can only react to incidents within their own state of jurisdiction.
Selection and training.
Members of the SPUs are carefully selected and specially trained. The Special Police College conducts nationwide recruitment once a year. 
Students are selected from PAP soldiers and squad leaders with excellent performance. The pre-screening process involves a 3-month mentally and physically demanding assessment and selection, where some recruits will be eliminated. 
This is followed by a three-year study in one of the two major fields: Armed Reconnaissance and Special Warfare. Upon successful completion of these courses graduates are assigned to the regional and municipal SPU/SWAT teams as Second Lieutenant officers. 
Only a small number of the most excellent graduates would be selected to join the college's operation unit
Weapons and equipment.
Due to their multiple roles of acting as a tactical armed response to armed criminals, counter-terrorism duties, and riot policing duties, the SPUs employ a wide array of weapons and equipment. Their accessibility to advanced equipment is varied from province to province, however if needed they can call for assistance from the national SWAT team, or from the People's Liberation Army garrisons.
A
The unit is armed with a variety of domestically manufactured weapons such as Type 85 sub-machine guns and QSZ-92 pistols, and if the situation calls for it, they also have access to assault rifles such as the QBZ-95 and the Type 81. Contrary to popular belief, they are also known to have used Western weapons and equipment to suit their needs, crossbows are also used in some situations.
They may also employ other special equipment, such battering rams for the forced opening of locked doors and specialist vehicles, amongst others.
Uniform.
The standard uniform of the SPUs is the same as that of the People's Armed Police (olive green), but they also use a variety of camouflage and tactical uniforms. 
The standard uniform layout has the arm-patch sewn on the left arm. On the camouflage and tactical uniforms, The words "SPECIAL POLICE GRP" (Special Police Group) is embroidered above the left breast pocket as well. 
Certain SPU's may have the SPU arm-patch sewn on the right arm instead, with the local Police arm-patch sewn on the left arm.
Special Police Units in the People's Republic of China.
Though initially confined to the metropolitan cities, today virtually every city has a paramilitary tactical unit of its own. A variety of abbreviations and acronyms are used for these organizations, which operate at national, municipal, and provincial levels. Although the SPU moniker is used colloquially to refer to all such units in the PRC, some teams have been known to use the SWAT acronym instead. Both names/acronyms are interchangeable when referring to them in the English language as they are actually the same (The phrase "特警", is used in the PRC to refer to both SWAT and SPU and thus may cause confusion for English speakers who think of them as different units). The confusion is made worse when some units tend to officially adopt their nicknames.

</doc>
<doc id="5871996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871996" title="FBI Laboratory">
FBI Laboratory

The FBI Laboratory is a division within the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation that provides forensic analysis support services to the FBI, as well as to state and local law enforcement agencies free of charge. The lab is currently located at Marine Corps Base Quantico in Quantico, Virginia. Opening November 24, 1932, the lab was first known as the "Technical Laboratory". It became a separate division when the "Bureau of Investigation" (BOI) was renamed in the FBI. Public tours of the lab work area were available until the FBI moved to the newly constructed J. Edgar Hoover Building in 1974. Tours of the J. Edgar Hoover Building still were available, but the route the tour moved away from the lab work space thus sealing the lab from public view. The laboratory expanded to such an extent that the "Forensic Science Research and Training Center" (FSRTC) was established at the FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia. Methods at the FSRTC helped establish standardized forensic practices for law enforcement agencies.
It is a full-service operation, with some 500 scientific experts and special agents. The lab generally enjoys the reputation as the premier crime lab in the United States. However, during the 1990s, its reputation and integrity came under withering criticism, primarily due to the revelations of Special Agent Dr. Frederic Whitehurst, the most prominent whistleblower in the history of the Bureau. Whitehurst was a harsh critic of conduct at the Lab, coming to believe that a lack of funding and a pro-prosecution bias of the Lab technicians, who were FBI agents first and forensic scientists secondly due to the institutional culture of the Bureau, had caused the tainting of much evidence.
History.
According to John F. Kelly & Phillip K. Wearne's 1998 book "Tainting Evidence: Inside the Scandals at the FBI Crime Lab", the FBI Crime Lab had been hurt by a lack of funding and an institutional entropy rooted in Lab employees' belief that they were the best forensic experts in the country, if not the world. Lab employees failed to keep abreast of developments in forensic science. The two authors conclude that the worst problem was that the Lab employees were FBI agents rather than pure forensic scientists, and the investigative paradigm of the detective was an antithetical to the investigative paradigm of the scientist. Lab employees began to work backwards, from a conclusion preordained by the prosecutors they served, and sought to justify that conclusion rather than using more scientific research paradigms.
Whitehurst's whistleblowing and the adverse publicity trials in which FBI Lab employees were revealed as incompetent or disingenuous led to the implementation of reforms under then-FBI chief Louis Freeh.
Controversy.
The history of the FBI Lab hasn't been without controversy. Dr. Frederic Whitehurst, who joined the FBI in 1982 and served as a Supervisory Special Agent at the Lab from 1986 to 1998, blew the whistle on scientific misconduct at the Lab. In a subsequent investigation, it was found that evidence had been falsified, altered, or suppressed, or that FBI agents had testified falsely, in as many as 10,000 cases, resulting in many false convictions. More than a decade later, cases were still being overturned because of this massive fraud. As a result of Whitehurst's whistleblowing, the FBI Lab implemented forty major reforms, including undergoing an accreditation process.

</doc>
<doc id="5871997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5871997" title="Titans RLFC">
Titans RLFC

Newport Titans RLFC are a rugby league side who are based in the city of Newport, South Wales. Since 2013, they have been based at Newport Saracens RFC. They play in the Welsh Premier of the Rugby League Conference.
History.
"Newport Titans RLFC" were formed in 2004 as founder members of the new Rugby League Conference Welsh Division. The founding members found a home for the Titans at Pill Harriers RFC and appointed former international Dai Watkins as President. In their inaugural season Titans finished fourth in the table and were Welsh Shield runners-up. 
The Titans were close to winning the Welsh Grand Final in 2007.
They won the Welsh plate in 2009 beating Dinefwr Sharks in the final.
Newport Titans dropped the 'Newport' preface from their name in 2011 when they moved to Machen RFC.[http://www.code13rugbyleague.com/2011/03/09/welsh-rugby-league-conference-to-increase-2011/] The Titans remained here for two seasons.
The "Newport" preface was again used for the Titans on their return to Newport in 2013.[http://www.pitchero.com/clubs/newporttitans/news/titans-on-the-move-for-2013-914499.html] Newport Titans have no future plans to move back out of the city.
Juniors.
Titans' junior teams take part in the Welsh Conference Junior League. A new U13s Junior team is looking to be set up for the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5872016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872016" title="Isaac Schour">
Isaac Schour

Isaac Schour (1900–1964) was an internationally known dental scholar, educator, researcher, and administrator. He is best known for his tooth development chart. By studying the histolotgic sections of the teeth of animals, he inspired a new discipline: the histo-physiology of teeth and surrounding structures.
Schour was an innovative teacher who ensured that dental professionals were kept abreast of non-dental research in the other sciences by founding the annual Midwest Seminar of Dental Medicine. Through his efforts, dental experts escaping persecution by the Nazis in Europe came to the faculty of the University of Illinois at Chicago College of Dentistry, creating the college's international reputation.
Schour served as president of the International Association for Dental Research and head of the University of Illinois at Chicago College of Dentistry Department of Histology. He was dean of the college from 1956 to 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="5872022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872022" title="Sean O'Reilly">
Sean O'Reilly

Sean O’Reilly is the owner and operator of Arcana Studio, Canada's largest comic book company.
Through his abilities as a developer of transmedia properties O'Reilly has led Arcana Studio to winning The Joe Shuster Award for Outstanding Publisher in their first year, as voted by the retailers and readers. As well, Arcana Studio was nominated for a Harvey Award in its first year, a feat unheard of in the quarter century tenure of the award. O’Reilly is also one of the most prolific independent comic book writers in Canada and his creations, Kade and Ezra, have been seen in over 250,000 comics and books and published in eleven countries and seven different languages.
O’Reilly resides in Coquitlam, British Columbia, has completed two degrees and his Masters and teaches college level courses both in Vancouver and through UCLA in addition to being a Mentor and Scriptwriting consultant for Telefilm in 2008 he won the Top 40 Under 40 Award in Vancouver and won a Moonbeam Award as well as the Graphic Novel of the Year for The Clockwork Girl. 
Notable graphic novels include Kade which has gone on to be one of Arcana's top selling books. The first series Original Sun came out in 2005, followed by Sun of Perdition in 2007, "Shiva's Sun" (2008), "Rising Sun" (2009), "Red Sun" (2010) and "Prodigal Sun" (2011). Kade has now been published in numerous countries including Italy, Germany, France, Spain, Croatia and Poland. An animated series is being developed based on the upcoming graphic novel, Children of the Black Sun. In 2007, O'Reilly wrote "The Clockwork Girl" with co-creator Kevin Hanna and the steampunk fairytale is now on its way to becoming a [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1290393/ feature film. O'Reilly is producing and comic co-creator Kevin Hanna is directing. The film stars Alexa Vega of Spy Kids and Repo! The Genetic Opera as the lead character Tesla, as well as Carrie-Anne Moss, Brad Garrett, and Jeffery Tambor. The film is due to finish in summer 2011 and looks for release end of 2011. In 2008, Sean created and wrote The Gwaii after being inspired by the Queen Charlotte Islands. The book went on to win the gold medal in the Moonbeam Awards and is being developed as a short film directed by Sean O'Reilly. In 2010, Sean wrote a six book series called Mighty Mighty Monsters through Capstone Publishers. The series went on to commercial and critical success and another 10 books are schedule to come out in 2011 and 2012.
Sean signed a two book deal with Harper Collins based on The Clockwork Girl and his new series, Pixies. Pixies is created and written by Sean and is already under development to be Luximation's next feature film after The Clockwork Girl.

</doc>
<doc id="5872030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872030" title="Kilkeel High School">
Kilkeel High School

Kilkeel High School is a non-selective secondary school located in Kilkeel, County Down, Northern Ireland. It is within the Southern Education and Library Board area.
Sport.
Kilkeel High has a successful hockey team and the school fields teams in competitions from U-13 to an U-18 1st XI. Despite being a comprehensive state school, it competes in the Cup competitions dominated by the powerhouse grammar schools in Ulster, and the school regularly qualifies for the "All-Ireland" schools hockey tournament. In 2001 the boys 1st XI reached the final of the prestigious McCullough Cup and despite a brave performance, they eventually lost in a penalty shoot-out </ref>
Kilkeel High school also competes at rugby. All age groups in the school also compete locally at football. The rugby team reached the high schools cup semi-final in which they played against 5 mile town. The team was beaten narrowly due to refereeing errors. 
Pupils from the school regularly qualify for County and "All-Ireland" athletics events including cross-country which the school has experienced great success in, in recent years.
Other competition.
In 2006 a team from Kilkeel High won the Business and Professional Women UK national public speaking championship. The women's speaking team from Kilkeel has been very successful in recent years, winning various local and national competitions.
Community activity.
In 1981 Kilkeel High School students erected a memorial to the victims of the 1916 Carlingford Lough disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="5872038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872038" title="KXTF">
KXTF

KXTF is a television station in Southern Idaho's Magic Valley that is licensed to Twin Falls. It broadcasts a standard-definition digital signal on UHF channel 35 from a transmitter on Flat Top Butte in unincorporated Jerome County east of Jerome and U.S. 93. The station can also be seen on Cable ONE channel 6 and in high definition on digital channel 475. Owned by Frontier Radio Management, KXTF maintained studios on North Blue Lakes Boulevard in Twin Falls. The station is currently dark.
History.
The station originally signed on the air in January 1989 as KKVI, operating as a satellite station of Pocatello ABC affiliate KPVI; it also carried Fox as a secondary affiliation during the late evening hours. This arrangement ended when KPVI ended its ABC affiliation to become an NBC affiliate in 1996. KKVI could not operate as an NBC affiliate because the network's Boise affiliate KTVB provided NBC network programming to Twin Falls via a low-power broadcast translator. The station then chose to switch to Fox full-time.
KXTF discontinued its Fox affiliation on July 1, 2012 following a dispute with the network over retransmission consent; several other stations lost their Fox affiliations a year earlier for similar reasons. The station subsequently affiliated with This TV; Pocatello sister station KFXP also lost its affiliation on that date and also joined This TV (MyNetworkTV affiliate KXPI-LD, which is repeated on the second digital channel of CBS affiliate KIDK, took over the Fox affiliation for the Pocatello-Idaho Falls market). Unlike KFXP, which restricted This TV programming to the morning and overnight time periods (with general entertainment programming airing in daytime and primetime slots), KXTF carried This TV's entire programming schedule. The Fox affiliation in Twin Falls moved to MyNetworkTV affiliate KTWT-LP as a primary affiliation (MyNetworkTV effectively moved to secondary status).
KXTF went dark on March 18, 2013 due to the end of its lease of its studio facilities, which were demolished on April 1. Intermountain West Communications Company reached a deal to sell KXTF and KPVI-DT to Broadcast Partners in June 2013; Idaho Broadcast Partners is a subsidiary of Frontier Radio Management. The sale was completed on May 13, 2014.
Digital television.
KXTF carried LATV on digital subchannel 35.2 from 2007 to 2009.
Newscasts.
KXTF simulcast "KPVI on Fox News at 9", a half-hour 9 p.m. newscast produced for Pocatello sister station KFXP by NBC affiliate KPVI-DT (which operates KFXP through an operational agreement with owner Compass Communications). As a result of both stations disaffiliating from Fox on July 1, 2012, the newscast was canceled with the last broadcast airing on June 30, 2012. The station eventually began airing "KPVI More" at 5:30 p.m. weeknights, but the program contained no weather or sports updates and focused on features, rather than day to day news coverage.
Translator.
KXTF is rebroadcast on K41JF-D channel 41 in Hagerman, owned and operated by the Hagerman Translator District.

</doc>
<doc id="5872043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872043" title="Rickey R. Hendon">
Rickey R. Hendon

Rickey R. Hendon (born December 8, 1953) is a former Illinois Senator for the 5th district, serving from 1992 to 2011.
Public service.
Before running for the state senate, Hendon was alderman of the 27th ward in Chicago, Illinois. Prior to that, he was Secretary and Treasurer for the Cook County Forest Preserve.
Senate career.
Hendon became an Illinois State Senator in 1992. He served as an Assistant Majority Leader, Co-Chairman of the Senate Executive Appointments Committee, Vice-Chairman of the Environment and Energy Committee and a member of the Labor and Commerce Committee and the Illinois Legislative Black Caucus. 
Hendon sponsored legislation that would create a pilot program in the Chicago Public School that allows the Chicago Board of Education to establish a program to discourage criminal behavior by providing prison tours. 
Because of his interest in health care, Hendon sponsored a bill designed to assist low-income families on Medicaid, by restricting the co-payment for brand name drugs to $3 and eliminating co-pay for generic drugs. 
Another recent bill Hendon sponsored was aimed at expanding opportunities for minority owned businesses to compete and ultimately bring additional film projects and television studios to Illinois.
There was substantial tension between Hendon and then colleague Barack Obama, culminating after five years in a 2002 shoving match. Nonetheless, Hendon supported Obama in the 2008 presidential election.
In 2009, Senator Hendon was a principal proponent of a bill for $31 billion in capital-spending for education passed in May by the state Legislature. Part of the bill would have ensured that 40 million in funds would go to Chicago State University for a West Side campus. The interim president said he had no knowledge of plans for West Side branch. However, a 2007 feasibility study indicated strong community and prospective student support for a satellite campus. He resigned his elected office in the Illinois State on 2/24/11.
Controversies.
In October 2010, a federal grand jury issued subpoenas for state grants sponsored by Hendon, and there is currently an investigation going on regarding those grants. In that same month, Hendon made "nasty" remarks about State Senator Bill Brady, who was the Republican nominee for Governor. While introducing Illinois Governor Pat Quinn, Hendon told the crowd that he had "never served with such an idiotic, racist, sexist, homophobic person in my life... If you think that women have no rights whatsoever, except to have his children, vote for Bill Brady. If you think gay and lesbian people need to be locked up and shot in the head, vote for Bill Brady." Hendon's remarks were immediately disavowed by Governor Quinn, among others, and Hendon was sharply criticized by members of the Illinois media. Hendon later tried to apologize to Brady on the Senate floor, but Brady would not accept his apology.
Personal life.
Hendon was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He and his wife, Dawn, have five children. They attend Mt. Sinai Baptist Church. Hendon was leader of the Senate softball team. In 1992 he wrote and starred in the film "Butterscotch and Chocolate."

</doc>
<doc id="5872059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872059" title="Jordan Clarke (actor)">
Jordan Clarke (actor)

Jordan Clarke is an American actor.
Soap Role - Guiding Light.
He is best known for his role as Billy Lewis on the CBS soap opera, "Guiding Light", having portrayed the role on and off from 1982 to 2009. Clarke also played the role of Dr. Tim Ryan on "Guiding Light" from 1974-1976. In 2006, he received his first nomination and won his first Daytime Emmy for "Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series" for his work on "GL".
Appearances.
Clarke has also appeared on other shows, such as "Law & Order", "", and "Miami Vice".
Clarke attended Cornell University.

</doc>
<doc id="5872075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872075" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in South Yorkshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in South Yorkshire

South Yorkshire's geography can be split into different types. The very west of South Yorkshire is part of Dark Peak which is part of the Peak District National Park and lies to the west of Sheffield. This extensive moorland is one of the largest semi-natural areas in England and has broad plateaus with rocky outcrops interspersed with valleys. Moving east the land elevation drops with a transition from the peak district to coal fields. Much of this area of transition has seen urban development with Sheffield being a good example.
The central region, to the north of Sheffield is largely dependent on the presence of coal measures in the areas geology. This is reflected by ancient woodlands, valley wetlands and large arable fields where there is no urban development. To the east of the coal measures is a strip of Magnesian Limestone which runs north to south between Sheffield and Doncaster. This open landscape is characterised by ancient woodlands and limestone grasslands and often has historic limestone monuments. However the light and dry soils are ideal for cultivation which means little of the original habitat remains. In the very east of South Yorkshire the Humberhead Levels dominate, with the area being relatively flat and dominated by the areas river systems. The area is predominately covered with small fields or areas of peatland.

</doc>
<doc id="5872080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5872080" title="Brezhnev assassination attempt">
Brezhnev assassination attempt

An assassination attempt was made upon Leonid Brezhnev on 22 January 1969, when a deserter from the Soviet Army, Viktor Ilyin, fired shots at a motorcade carrying the Soviet leader through Moscow. Though Brezhnev was unhurt, the shots killed a driver and lightly injured several celebrated cosmonauts of the Soviet space program who were present in the motorcade. Brezhnev's attacker was captured and a news blackout on the event was maintained by the Soviet government for years thereafter.
The assassin.
Viktor Ivanovich Ilyin ( was born in Leningrad in 1948. After his graduation from a technical college, he was inducted into the Soviet Army in 1968 at the rank of lieutenant. Ilyin was said to have been resentful of his forced conscription and deeply distressed by the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia.
On 21 January 1969, Ilyin stole two standard-issue Makarov handguns and deserted his army unit. He went back to his family in Leningrad where he stole his brother-in-law's authentic police uniform. Ilyin then left on an unannounced, solitary journey to Moscow.
The cosmonauts' motorcade.
Dressed like a policeman, Ilyin moved unimpeded through a large crowd waiting at the Kremlin. They were clustered at the Borovitsky Gate, where a special motorcade was expected to pass: it would be bearing the successful cosmonauts of Soyuz 4 and Soyuz 5 to an official Soviet ceremony of the highest order.
The spaceflight crewmembers—Vladimir Shatalov, Boris Volynov, Yevgeny Khrunov, and Aleksei Yeliseyev—had returned only a week earlier from their historic manned-ship-to-manned-ship docking mission in space, the first of its kind. Arriving at Vnukovo Airport, they were being driven with Brezhnev and Soviet head of state Nikolai Podgorny to their commemorative celebration inside the Kremlin's Palace of Congresses. The four honorees rode in an open convertible at the front of the line, waving to spectators while a line of closed limousines trailed behind them. 
Assassination attempt.
At 2:15 pm on 22 January 1969, as the motorcade passed through the gate, Ilyin drew pistols in both hands. Ignoring the waving cosmonauts, he opened fire on the second car in the line: he later admitted that he only assumed it carried Brezhnev. Unbeknownst to him, this Zil limousine was filled only with other cosmonauts from earlier missions: Alexey Leonov, Valentina Tereshkova, Georgy Beregovoy and Andrian Nikolayev.
Ilyin's shots struck the limousine fourteen times, killing the driver, Ilya Zharkov, before a guard ran him down with his motorcycle. The other occupants of the car were unscathed or suffered only superficial wounds. After Ilyin was arrested, the cosmonauts' ceremony took place as planned, just slightly delayed.
Aftermath.
Ilyin underwent a lengthy interrogation led by KGB chief and future Soviet leader Yuri Andropov. He was pronounced insane and sent to Kazan Psychiatric Hospital where he was kept in solitary confinement until 1988.
According to Russian sources, Ilyin was released in 1990 and moved to St. Petersburg. The bullet-holed limousine has been preserved and is occasionally put on public exhibition.
Legacy.
The incident immediately revealed the wide gulf that existed between Western and Soviet media. In its aftermath news was scant and slow to emerge. It took two full days for an official Soviet press statement to be made. Even then the details given were so unclear that reporters could not determine if the shooter was a man or a woman. However, even without official confirmation, observers at the time confidently recognized the event as an assassination attempt on Brezhnev.
Years later, the cosmonaut Leonov recounted how Brezhnev confided to him after the incident: "Brezhnev took me aside and told me, 'Those bullets were not meant for you, Alexei. They were meant for me, and for that I apologize.'" But until the dissolution of the Soviet Union the KGB released little information about the shooting. The entire incident was "so effectively hushed up" that it was sometimes cited by Western observers as an example of Soviet secrecy and disinformation. 

</doc>
