<doc id="5938887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938887" title="Latvian American">
Latvian American

Latvian Americans are Americans who are of Latvian ancestry. According to the 2000 US census, there are 87,564 Americans of full or partial Latvian descent.
History.
Around 1640 other Latvians settled in Delaware and Pennsylvania, together with Scandinavian settlers.
Later, in 1849, a number of Latvians were part of the thousands of people who emigrate to California looking for fortune during the Gold Rush.
However, the first significant wave of Latvian settlers that emigrated to the United States came in 1888 to Boston. They were mainly single young men who came to the United States looking for fortunes or fleeing mandatory military service of Imperial Russia. The Latvian immigrants were divided into two groups: The people who dreamed of Latvia's independence from the Soviet Union and those who wanted Latvian workers to ceased to be oppressed by Russia. By the end of century, those Latvians immigrants settled primarily in other East Coast and Midwest cities, such as New York, Philadelphia, Cleveland, and Chicago, as well as in some cities on the West Coast, such as Seattle, Portland, and San Francisco. Some immigrants also established themselves in rural areas, although they were few and usually did not form long-lasting communities. Although most Latvians settle in cities, in most of these (with the exception of the Roxbury district of Boston) the Latvians were also few and they not could form ethnic neighborhoods. The first Lutheran church built by Latvians in the United States was erected in Lincoln County, where there was a Lithuanian agricultural colony that disappeared due to climatic and political problems of its members, in Wisconsin in 1906.
A new wave of Latvian immigration began around 1906, after the failure of their 1905 Revolution in Latvia. Many of the immigrants were political leaders and rank-and-
file revolutionaries who could be killed by Russian soldiers if they were discovered, so they decided emigrate and to continue the revolutionary movement in other countries. Due to that most of the Latvians revolutionaries who emigrated in the United States were more politically radical than the earlier Latvian immigrants, reattached divisions even among the leftists themselves.
In 1917, many Latvian Revolutionaries went back to Latvia to work in the creation of a Bolshevik government, and in 1918, when Latvia declared its independence, some nationalists also went back.
After this period during which thousands of Latvians emigrated to the United States, in the 1920´s and 1930´s with the promise of economic improvements in Latvia, due to the immigration quotas of United States established in 1924 that limited the number of Latvians and other immigrants who could settle in this country, and due to the Great Depression in the United States—immigration was generally discouraged, so there was little Latvian immigration.
After World War II many Latvian refugees fleeing the Soviet Union, were established in other European countries. However, about half were eventually repatriated to Latvia, being the rest repatriated in Germany, England, Australia, Canada, United States and in other countries. From 1949 to 1951, 40,000 Latvians immigrated to the United States with the help of the U.S. government and various social service and religious organizations. Although many of these refugees had been professionals in their country, in United States they often had jobs as farmhands, custodians, or builders until they could find better paying jobs.
Most Latvians settled in cities, such as New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Chicago. As with the Old Latvians, the most of the new Latvians, not could create neighborhoods and had to rely on social events and on the press for a sense of community. Within a few years, Latvian organizations managed to create schools, credit unions, choirs, dance groups, theater troupes, publishers and book sellers, churches, veterans' groups, and political organizations. From 1980 to 1990, 1,006 Latvians arrived in the United States.
Latvia became reestablished as an independent country in 1991, however, few have returned.
Demography.
According the 2000 census, a total of 87,564 people of Latvian descent live in the United States. There are larger populations in the states of California, New York, Illinois, Florida and Michigan. Many Latvian Americans (about 9,000) have dual citizenship, which available to Latvians who emigrated after the reestablishment of independence. Also, many often travel to Latvia and provide financial support and give material to various organizations. Some Latvian Americans have been elected to the Saeima, or Parliament, in Latvia.
The states with the largest Latvian-American populations are:
Education.
Most of the Old Latvians, although recognizing the importance of education, did not appear to want or to be able to afford college degrees. Thus, in 1911 only two individuals had obtained American university degrees.
The majority of Latvians emigrants to the United States after World War II were university graduates. Many were academics or belonged to intelligentsia.
Languages and religions.
Most Latvian-Americans speak English, while Latvian (also known as Lettish) is basically the language spoken by American Latvians of the first generation due to intermarriage. As for religion, although most Latvians Americans are Lutherans, there are also small Catholic communities, Represented by the American Latvian Catholic Association. There is also a sizable American-Latvian Jewish community.

</doc>
<doc id="5938888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938888" title="Waffle (BBS software)">
Waffle (BBS software)

Waffle is a bulletin-board system created by Tom Dell which ran under DOS and later UNIX. The software was unique in many ways, including the fact that all of the configuration files were in readable text files, and that it fully supported UUCP on the DOS platform.
A Usenet news group named comp.bbs.waffle was created for discussion of the Waffle BBS System. The last version seems to be v1.65.
It was possible to link Waffle (under DOS) to Fidonet and WWIV using external gateway utilities.

</doc>
<doc id="5938892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938892" title="List of When They Cry episodes">
List of When They Cry episodes

"When They Cry" is a Japanese anime series. The English titles for the first season are according to the names used by Funimation Entertainment. English titles in the other seasons are not official.
The first season, produced in 2006, was entitled . It was produced by the Japanese animation studio Studio Deen and directed by Chiaki Kon. It was released in English by Geneon and then Funimation, under the title "When They Cry – Higurashi no Naku Koro ni". The series contains 26 episodes which aired between April 4 and September 26 on a number of Japanese television networks including Chiba TV, Kansai TV, and Tokai TV. The story follows a group of five young friends and the strange events that occur in their village of Hinamizawa. A string of unexplained murders have plagued the town for the past three years during the annual Watanagashi Festival in June, and with the next Watanagashi approaching, things start to take a turn for the worse. The series is divided into six chapters which are based on the first six chapters in the original visual novel series. The first chapter is "Onikakushi-hen" (episodes one to four), followed by "Watanagashi-hen" (episodes five to eight), and "Tatarigoroshi-hen" (episodes nine to thirteen). Next is "Himatsubushi-hen" (episodes fourteen and fifteen), the shortest of the story arcs. The last two chapters are "Meakashi-hen" (episodes sixteen to twenty-one) and "Tsumihoroboshi-hen" (episodes twenty-two through twenty-six).
In 2007, the second season began and was entitled . It was produced by the same team as the first season and contains twenty-four episodes. The series aired in Japan between July 6 and December 17 on several Japanese television networks, such as Sun TV, TV Kanagawa, and TV Saitama. The story is similar to the first season, and what was left unexplained in the first season is explained over the course of three separate story arcs. The first story is an anime-original arc called "Yakusamashi-hen", which is followed by the last two arcs from the original visual novel series: "Minagoroshi-hen" and "Matsuribayashi-hen". On September 18, 2007, a sixteen-year-old girl killed her father with an axe in Kyoto, Japan. The similarities between "Kai" and the incident were too strong. In response, Tokai TV replaced episode twelve on September 21, 2007 with a cooking show.
In 2009, the third season, entitled "Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Rei", was released as an original video animation series. It consists of two arcs taken from the fan disc of the same name and another arc that was adapted from a light novel released with the PS2 game. An extra episode, "Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Gaiden Nekogoroshi-hen" (The Cat Killing Chapter), which was not released in the US, can be viewed alongside season one. A 52-minute OVA titled "Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kaku: Outbreak", adapted from Ryukishi07's short story "Higurashi Outbreak", was released in August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5938898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938898" title="List of minor planets/124001–124100">
List of minor planets/124001–124100


</doc>
<doc id="5938901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938901" title="Regiment Botha">
Regiment Botha

Regiment Botha is an infantry regiment of the South African Army. As a reserve unit, it has a status roughly equivalent to that of a British Territorial Army or United States Army National Guard unit. The Regiment was named after General Louis Botha, the first prime minister of South Africa.
History.
The regiment was formed in Ermelo, Mpumalanga on 1 April 1934, as part of an expansion of the Army's infantry branch.
A second battalion was formed on the outbreak of World War II in 1939. The first battalion did not serve in the war, but the second fought in the North Africa campaign in 1941 and 1942 as part of the 1st Infantry Division. In 1943, it was temporarily amalgamated with Regiment President Steyn.
The two battalions separated after the war, and in 1951 the second battalion was renamed Regiment Christiaan Beyers. From 1960 to 1966, Regiment Botha was called "Regiment Pongola".

</doc>
<doc id="5938905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938905" title="United States Penitentiary, Atlanta">
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta

The United States Penitentiary, Atlanta (USP Atlanta) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Atlanta, Georgia. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has a detention center for pretrial and holdover inmates, and a satellite prison camp for minimum-security male inmates.
History.
In 1899, President William McKinley authorized the construction of a new federal prison in Atlanta, Georgia. Construction was completed in January 1902 and the Atlanta Federal Penitentiary opened with the transfer of six convicts from the Sing Sing Correctional Facility in upstate New York. They were the beneficiaries of the Three Prisons Act of 1891, which established penitentiaries in Leavenworth, Kansas; Atlanta, Georgia; and McNeil Island, Washington. All three facilities remain open today. The Atlanta site was the largest Federal prison, with a capacity of 3,000 inmates. Inmate case files presented mini-biographies of men confined in the penitentiary. Prison officials recorded every detail of their lives - their medical treatments, their visitors, their letters to and from the outside world
The main prison building was designed by the St. Louis, Missouri architect firm of Eames and Young, which also designed the main building at the United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth. It encompassed and had a capacity of 1200 inmates. The facility was subsequently renamed the United States Penitentiary, Atlanta when US government created the Federal Bureau of Prisons in 1930.
In the 1980s, USP Atlanta was used as a detention center for Cuban refugees from the Mariel Boatlift who were ineligible for release into American society.
USP Atlanta is currently one of several facilities, including the Federal Transfer Center, Oklahoma City that are used to house prisoners who are being transferred between prisons. As of 2006, the prison was housing 3 to 5 in-transit prisoners in each approximately isolation cell for up to eight weeks at a time.
Notable incidents.
1987 riots.
In November 1987, Cuban detainees, tired of indefinite confinement and in constant fear of being deported back to Cuba, rioted for 11 days, staged a bloody riot, seizing dozens of hostages and setting fire to the prison. At least one prisoner was killed. Local hospitals reported admitting a total of eight Cubans suffering gunshot wounds, along with two prison guards who were slightly injured.

</doc>
<doc id="5938908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938908" title="Möckmühl">
Möckmühl

Möckmühl is a town in the district of Heilbronn, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Jagst, 22 km northeast of Heilbronn.

</doc>
<doc id="5938914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938914" title="List of minor planets/124101–124200">
List of minor planets/124101–124200


</doc>
<doc id="5938922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938922" title="Joseph Lukasik">
Joseph Lukasik

Joseph Lukasik (born 1962) is a composer who has received degrees in composition from the Eastman School of Music and the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. His major teachers include William Albright, William Bolcom, Leslie Bassett, Christopher Rouse, Gunther Schuller, and Joseph Schwantner. He has taught composition and music technology at the University of Colorado at Boulder. 

</doc>
<doc id="5938924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938924" title="List of minor planets/124201–124300">
List of minor planets/124201–124300


</doc>
<doc id="5938928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938928" title="Dingle family">
Dingle family

The Dingles are a family in the British soap Emmerdale. They were originally introduced in 1994 and were first portrayed as a family of local thugs, but were quickly changed into lovable rogues. Known for having a large extended family, almost all members of the family have Biblical names and often get into trouble with the law.
Family Tree:

</doc>
<doc id="5938931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938931" title="Alibi (play)">
Alibi (play)

Alibi is a 1928 play by Michael Morton based on "The Murder of Roger Ackroyd", a novel by British crime writer Agatha Christie.
It opened at the Prince of Wales Theatre in London's West End on 15 May 1928, starring Charles Laughton as Hercule Poirot. It was deemed a success and ran for 250 performances closing on 7 December 1928. It was the first work of Agatha Christie's to be presented on stage and the first ever adaptation of one of her works for any medium outside of her books.
Background.
Christie disagreed with the change of her favourite character Caroline Sheppard, the inspiration for Miss Marple, into a beautiful girl called Caryl Sheppard. She only permitted this change because the alternative was turning Poirot into a young man called Beau Poirot and having "lots of girls in love with him". The other major changes from the book were:
The play takes place in two sets – the hall at Fernley Park and in Poirot's study in his house in the village. Sir Roger's study is situated at the back of the centre stage of the hall set with two doors which are opened at various parts in the play to reveal the corpse at his desk and are closed at other times when events in the play dictate they should be.
Synopsis.
Act I, Scene 1.
"(The hall at Sir Roger Ackroyd's, Fernley Park. Afternoon)"
Sir Roger’s sister-in-law, Mrs. Ackroyd, her daughter, Flora, his secretary, Geoffrey Raymond and Major Blunt, a guest, are relaxing in the hall. Mrs. Ackroyd and Flora live there due to their financial circumstances. They are utterly reliant on Sir Roger who tightly controls their money and consequently they are in some debt. They discuss a report in the newspaper of the suicide of a local woman, Mrs. Ashley Ferrars, during the previous night. She had a close relationship with Sir Roger and her death has greatly affected him. They further discuss the impending announcement of the engagement between Flora and Sir Roger’s stepson, Ralph Paton and the difference that this marriage will make. A young woman who is a neighbour, Caryl Sheppard, arrives to play bridge and Flora teases her over her fascination for a recent arrival in the village – a foreigner who Caryl thinks is called M. Porrott, but Flora reveals that her uncle has told her that he in fact is M. Hercule Poirot, the famous French detective. Poirot arrives and meets everyone. He is especially taken with Caryl. During the conversation, Caryl tells Flora that she thought she saw Ralph Paton in the village that morning but Flora is surprised – as far as she knew Ralph has been in London for the previous six months ever since he had an argument with his uncle. As Caryl's brother, Dr. James Sheppard, is dining at Fernley that evening, she will be alone and she invites Poirot to dine with her. They leave together. As the others go off to change for dinner, a maid, Ursula Bourne, tidies the room and meets Ralph when he comes in from the terrace. It is obvious that the two have a secret relationship but their conversation is interrupted as Bourne sees Dr. Sheppard approaching the house. Ralph quickly hides in the adjoining library and Dr. Sheppard enters to be greeted by Parker, the butler. Dr. Sheppard may have to rush out to a confinement case later and consequently he has his doctor's bag with him which Parker looks after. Sheppard is left to his own devices for a moment and Ralph comes out of hiding and tells the doctor, an old friend, that he is in a mess with his stepfather and that he is staying at a local inn, the White Horse. Ralph leaves the house and soon Sir Roger himself comes down into the hall. He too unburdens himself on Sheppard: Mrs. Ferrars was going to be his fiancée after the year’s mourning for the late Mr. Ferrars came to an end but, when the requisite time was up, she hesitated for three more months and then confessed that she poisoned her brutal husband. She was driven to suicide by an unknown blackmailer who knew of her actions and has been draining her of funds all this time. Sir Roger is certain that she would have left him a letter detailing who her persecutor was. At that moment, Parker comes in with a letter for Sir Roger – it is from the late Mrs. Ferrars but he has no time to open it as the others come down for dinner.
Act I, Scene 2.
"(The same, after dinner)"
The time is 9.20pm. Sir Roger is enclosed in his study at the back of the hall. Dr. Sheppard was with him but Parker told Mrs. Ackroyd that he left earlier and, as far as she knows, Sir Roger is now alone. Flora follows her mother to bed and Raymond and Parker hear Sir Roger's voice coming from the other side of the door as he somewhat stiltedly tells an unknown person that he can give them no money as they require. Blunt enters from the terrace and he and Raymond go to the billiard room. Parker switches off the hall lights and leaves momentarily but re-enters a moment later to see Flora with her hand on the study door. She tells the butler that she has said goodnight to her uncle and that he doesn’t want to be disturbed. The two leave.
"(The lights are lowered during the scene and the Curtain descends for a moment, to mark the passing of three-quarters of an hour)"
Parker is brought down to the terrace window by a furious knocking. It is Dr. Sheppard who states that he was at his house with Caryl and Poirot when he was phoned by Parker himself who said that Sir Roger had been murdered. A surprised Parker and Sheppard go to the locked study door and, unable to gain access, break it down. Sir Roger is within, stabbed with a dagger through the neck. Sheppard tells Parker to fetch Raymond and ring the police and to shut the study door. Parker leaves and soon Raymond rushes in, shocked at the death of his employer. Soon, Inspector Davies arrives and, by questioning, finds out that Flora must have been the last person to see Sir Roger alive. Flora insists that Poirot is called in to investigate and little time passes before the French detective arrives.
The murderer seems to have escaped through the study's open window and the murder was committed with an ornate dagger that was often lying about the hall. Parker overheard talk of blackmail and Sheppard tells Poirot of the real cause of Mrs. Ferrars’ suicide and the letter that Sir Roger received. He and Sheppard went into the study after dinner to read it but Sir Roger had a change of mind and asked Sheppard to leave him alone to peruse its contents. Sheppard did so and found Parker just outside the door, as if he had been listening to what was happening within...
Raymond tells of the words he heard Sir Ackroyd say behind the closed door at 9.30 and Blunt also says he heard the words when he was walking on the terrace but his attention was caught by the sight of a woman in white just passing behind a hedge in the garden. Flora tells of seeing her uncle at 9.45 and she and Parker recreate what happened for Poirot. Bourne is summoned and questioned if she was the woman who Blunt saw and she confirms that she was going out to post a letter in the box by the gate. The others retire to bed and Poirot sits and smokes in the semi-darkness, looking at the dead body of Sir Roger and thinking...
Act II.
"(The same. Next morning)"
Inspector Davies and Poirot meet back at Fernley. The call to Dr. Sheppard has been traced. It was made from the local railway station, a few minutes before the late-night express train for Liverpool left. He has also found out that the woman in the lodge house saw Ralph Paton enter the grounds at 9.25pm. The fingerprints on the dagger are yet to be tested but Poirot has a theory that they will find only the dead man's prints on the handle. The missing letter from Mrs Ferrars is also a puzzle and Poirot summons Parker and asks him to state what is different about the study compared to when he helped break in the previous evening. Parker tells him of the differences – including the fact that the armchair was pulled out from its normal position and turned at a strange angle, something that catches Poirot's attention. Raymond is questioned about any strangers seen in the past week – the only one he can recall was a young representative from a firm of Dictaphone manufacturers called Curtis and Trout – Sir Roger was considering buying one of their machines. Poirot reveals that he found a scrap of starched material in the summerhouse and theorises that it came from the dress of Bourne who is the only person in the house who has no alibi. Mr Hammond, the family solicitor, arrives and reveals that the dead man's will leaves the majority of Sir Roger's estate to Ralph – another motive for the murder. It is also revealed that cash to the sum of one hundred pounds is missing from Sir Roger's room. Ralph though remains the principle suspect and Poirot tells the assembled group that he knows they are all individually hiding something from him and that he means to find the truth.
Act III, Scene 1.
"(Hercule Poirot's Study. Four day's later, after breakfast)"
Poirot is finishing a breakfast served by his French maid, Margot, when he receives a visit from Caryl and James Sheppard and then Inspector Davies in quick succession. The policeman tells Poirot that his theory that only Sir Roger's prints would be found on the dagger handle proved correct and that Ralph is being sought by the police. Flora and Blunt arrive and, under Poirot's insistent questioning, Flora confesses that she never saw her uncle in the study as she claimed and that she stole the missing one hundred pounds, desperate for money. Blunt, in love with Flora, chivalrously claims the money was given to him by Sir Roger but Poirot is not deceived. Breaking down, Flora is taken into the garden by the doctor and Poirot tells the Major that Flora is not in love with Ralph. She was going to marry him to escape her and her mother's poverty. He encourages Blunt to go and comfort Flora. Dr. Sheppard is called out to a case and Poirot, left alone with Caryl, questions her over any possible nursing homes that are nearby for the use of a sick nephew. She tells him of one in nearby Cranchester. He also asks if anyone from Fernley Park called at her brother's surgery on the day of the murder. She is insistent that no one did and, challenged, recounts the list of patients including an American steward off a liner called the "Baltic" who was passing through the village on his way to Liverpool. Poirot excuses himself – he has to send a cable to a friend in New York and he also tells Margot that he will not be dining at home – he is going to a "mad house"...
Act III, Scene 2.
"(The same. The next night, after dinner)"
Poirot has had Sheppard and Caryl round for dinner. They are expecting further guests as Poirot has asked the household from Fernley to call round but his first visitor is Bourne, panicked over a newspaper report that Poirot asked Davies to insert claiming that Ralph had been arrested in Liverpool. This forces Bourne to admit that she and Ralph are married. She had confessed this to Sir Roger and he had dismissed her. Ralph came to Fernley after an urgent telegram from her but she insists they only met in the summerhouse for ten minutes and then she left him there. Poirot wants her to join the others when they arrive and Caryl insists that the former maid can stay the night at their house. She goes to make arrangements as the party from Fernley arrives. Poirot asks them to sit down as he addresses them and he first reveals Bourne's marriage to Ralph. However the time when the two people met in the summerhouse coincided with the time that Sir Roger's voice was heard behind the closed study door. They are therefore all puzzled as to who was with him but Poirot has another idea – no one was with him: the formal words that Ackroyd were using were intended for the Dictaphone. This creates problems for Ralph as his alibi for the time is now useless and Raymond thinks the young man should come forward and explain himself. Poirot agrees and opens the curtains to the conservatory, revealing Ralph. Poirot guessed that Sheppard met him that night, knowing that he had gone to the inn where he was staying, and had then hidden him. Poirot further deduced that a doctor would hide someone in a nursing home, hence his questions to Caryl. Ralph’s alibi is now useless and Poirot tells the assembled group that to save him the real murderer – who is one of the people in the room – must confess. They have until midday tomorrow and then Poirot will go to the police.
The others leave but a moment later Poirot suffers a small collapse and has Margot fetch back Dr. Sheppard. Poirot recovers quickly and, asking the doctor his opinion of the night’s events, is accused of playing a comedy. Poirot disagrees and confirms that he knows who the murderer is and for them there can be no escape. He takes the doctor through his thinking: The mysterious telephone call can only be judged from its result, which is that Sir Roger’s death was discovered that night instead of the next day. That means that the murderer wanted to be on the spot when the discovery was made, perhaps to retrieve something. The second puzzling fact was the armchair pulled out from its normal place in the study and that can only have been to have hidden something from sight at the moment that the room was broken into. As the Dictaphone is missing, it can only be that item which was there and, by use of a time-lock, the voice heard behind the door was not that of the living Sir Roger but a previously-made recording – the man was already dead. The murderer can only be someone who had a receptacle to carry away the machine and who had the study to himself for a moment after the discovery of the body – in other word’s, Dr. Sheppard himself.
The doctor’s motive was to protect himself – he was Mrs Ferrars’ blackmailer. Sheppard breaks down at the thought at what this will do to Caryl and Poirot reveals that he is similarly tortured by this matter as he is in love with the doctor’s sister. He suggests that the doctor takes the "cleanest" way out and Sheppard agrees and leaves. Poirot tells Caryl that he has failed to catch the murderer but that he is able to clear Ralph. Forlorn, he takes his leave of her.
Reception of London production.
The review in "The Times" issue of 16 May 1928 began, "Another French detective! We islanders might begin to feel jealous, if we did not remember what a start Poe and Gaboriau gave our neighbours". The review questioned, "whether you can make a play out of theoretical analysis. The old melodramas based themselves upon passion: then – shall we say with William Gillette's Sherlock Holmes and Sir Gerald du Maurier's Raffles? – personality usurped its place. A pure problem has not the dramatic force of either. If we do not weary of Poirot shooting questions to left and right, Poirot with uplifted finger expounding his views to a half-circle of listeners, it is because Mr. Charles Laughton, with a little help from the text, makes a personality out of the fat and sentimental little ratiocinator. His Poirot is an admirable comedy sketch, convincingly gallic." The review stated that Lady Tree had no scope within the part given to her to invest the part of Mrs. Ackroyd with personality but "competence was all that was demanded from her, and from the rest of the cast, and it was generally forthcoming. One actor singled out for praise was Henry Daniell for his "imperturbably natural butler" however his "mystery...was not...analysed enough".
Whilst the reviewer in "The Guardian" of 16 May 1928 seemed to feel that the play itself showed no great originality, he was impressed with Laughton, saying "we can hardly resist the play despite its wheezy start and inability to accelerate, because M. Poirot is presented in the flesh by Mr. Charles Laughton, who, unlike much youth of brilliant hopes, continues to perform almost more than he so lavishly promised.” The reviewer concluded, "M. Poirot sifts the alibis of the assembled company, finds a scent and hunts it close. None of the other characters appears to have any more personality than is necessary for a human fragment of the puzzle. It is hardly needed. Mr. Laughton is there, and he cannot fail to entertain, whether he is in the supreme frenzy of vigilance, or relaxing over the oldest of old brandies, or making a tender gesture to a charming young lady who is as English as a rose and not, it seems, more talkative or intellectual. Scarcely the wife for Poirot, but let us not be fussy and make difficulties. Mr. Laughton is an important arrival in Crookery Nook, yet we trust he will not stay there too long. We have other uses for such an actor than to brood over the fingermarks on the dagger and discover why the parlourmaid was in the garden at the moment of the crime.”
The review in "The Observer" of 20 May 1928 was laudatory about the performances of J.H. Roberts and Charles Laughton. About Roberts, the reviewer said, "If ever a man succeeded by his performance in throwing an audience of determined sleuths off the scent, Mr. Roberts threw those members of the first-night audience who had not read Mrs. Christie's clever novel off it." About Laughton, the reviewer said, "Let me not be afraid to use superlatives" and then proceeded to detail why he held the view he did, concluding, "He seizes the stage and firmly controls the audience. He fills me with a sense of his power, and makes me intensely aware of him from the moment he comes on to the stage until the moment he leaves it. He is an actor."
On the play in general, the reviewer did say it, "begins badly but steadily improves; the first two scenes, which are dull and slow, might be telescoped. Mr. Morton, indeed, had a difficult job to perform in dramatising the novel, for the cleverness of Mrs. Christie's story lies not so much in the plot as in the fact that it is told by the murderer. Mr. Laughton, however, added so much to the part of Poirot that they play seemed far bigger than it is." This reviewer, unlike the others quoted, did state that the rest of the cast was also "excellent".
"The Scotsman" of 16 May 1928 said, "It is a tribute to Mr Michael Morton…that during the play…one completely ignored the many weaknesses in the chain of evidence that bought the guilt home to the murderer of Sir Roger Ackroyd. The audience watched the tangled skein unravelled by the eminent French detective, M. Hercule Poirot, much in the way that an audience watches an illusionist, except that instead of the quickness of the hand deceiving the eye, the speciousness of the detective's reasoning deceived the senses. When the guilt was brought home to the least suspected person, the audience could only gasp. But the incredulity came after the theatre was left. These crime mystery plays are all much one pattern but it must be conceded that "Alibi"...is one of the best of its kind. It is superbly acted, the performance of Mr Charles Laughton being particularly good. Mr Laughton has a genius for getting into the 'skin' of a part."
The "Daily Mirror" of 16 May 1928 said of Charles Laughton's performance that, "He has that force of personality which invests his every word or movement with interest. He imparts too, a sense of reality and impending drama, to the process of cross-examining various persons. Sir Gerald du Maurier has produced the piece according to that modern fashion in which people move quietly, behave credibly and often sit with their backs to the audience when speaking."
Credits of London production.
Adaptor: Michael Morton
Director: Gerald du Maurier
Cast: 
"Charles Laughton" as Hercule Poirot
"Lady Beerbohm Tree (Helen Maud Holt)" as Mrs. Ackroyd
"Jane Welsh" as Flora Ackroyd
"Henry Daniell" as Parker
"Basil Loder" as Major Blunt
"Iris Noel" as Ursula Bourne
"Henry Forbes-Robertson" as Geoffrey Raymond
"Gillian Lind" as Caryl Sheppard
"J H Roberts" as Doctor Sheppard
"Cyril Nash" as Ralph Paton
"Norman V Norman" as Sir Roger Ackroyd, Bt
"John Darwin" as Inspector Davies
"J Smith Wright" as Mr. Hammond
"Constance Anderson" as Margot
Broadway production.
Laughton also starred in and directed the Broadway production, retitled "The Fatal Alibi" which opened at the Booth Theatre on 8 February 1932 with settings by Dale Stetson and produced by Jed Harris. It was not a success and only played for twenty-four performances, closing on 1 March.
Brooks Atkinson of "The New York Times" reviewed the play in its issue of 10 February 1932 when he claimed that, "the minuteness of the facts involved and the meticulousness of the play construction make 'The Fatal Alibi' a rather difficult crime play to follow in the theatre". He further said that the cast was "excellent" and signalled out Laughton's performance as "an immensely entertaining exercise in poster portraiture", however, "Since Mr. Laughton enjoys playing the part, a guileless theatregoer may enjoy watching him. But colorful acting, slightly detached from the flow of narrative, can also temper a drama's illusion. In the opinion of this department, Mr. Laughton's lithographic performing has that subtle effect. It diverts attention from the play."
Credits of Broadway production.
Script amendments for US production: John Anderson
Director: Charles Laughton
Cast: 
"Charles Laughton" as Hercule Poirot
"Effie Shannon" as Mrs. Ackroyd
"Jayne Wyatt" as Flora Ackroyd
"Donald Randolph" as Parker
"Kenneth Hunter" as Major Blunt
"Jane Bramley" as Bourne
"Edward Crandall" as Geoffrey Raymond
"Helen Vinson" as Caryl Sheppard
"Moffat Johnston" as Doctor Sheppard
"Lowell Gilmore" as Captain Ralph Paton
"Lionel Pape" as Sir Roger Ackroyd
"Lawrence H. Cecil" as Inspector Davies
"Fothringham Lysons" as Mr. Hammond
"Andree Cordy" as Margot
Publication and further adaptations.
The play was first published as a Samuel French Acting Edition (No. 1177) in January 1930 (copyright 1929). In 1931, a film adaptation of the play, entitled "Alibi", was produced by Twickenham Studios in England, and starred Austin Trevor as Hercule Poirot.
A radio version of the play was presented on the BBC Home Service on 17 June 1944 from 9.20 to 10.35pm as part of the "Saturday Night Theatre" strand. The play was adapted for broadcasting by Marjorie Pratt and produced by Howard Rose.
Not completely satisfied with the play itself, Christie decided to try her hand at playwrighting and wrote "Black Coffee" – a stage play not based on a previous work and again featuring Poirot. It was first presented in 1930 but after this Christie decided that Poirot was too strong a character to be portrayed on stage and removed him from all of her own subsequent adaptations of her books, however she did allow Arnold Ridley to include the character in his 1940 adaptation of "Peril at End House".

</doc>
<doc id="5938932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938932" title="Zizi">
Zizi

Zizi is a personal name or nickname which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5938934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938934" title="Lockwood Phillips">
Lockwood Phillips

Lockwood Phillips (born March 18, 1948) hosts a talk radio program called "Viewpoints" on station WTKF 107.1 FM, located in Morehead City, North Carolina and broadcasting throughout Eastern North Carolina.
Phillips is also a former President of the National Newspaper Association (NNA).
Guests.
Phillips' guests on Viewpoints have included:
Pat Buchanan, Lt. General Michael DeLong, Newt Gingrich, Oliver North, Donald Rumsfeld, Sarah Palin, Mike Krenek, and Joe Giglio. 

</doc>
<doc id="5938936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938936" title="A Great Day">
A Great Day

A Great Day can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5938938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938938" title="List of minor planets/124301–124400">
List of minor planets/124301–124400


</doc>
<doc id="5938942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938942" title="Cristal (telenovela)">
Cristal (telenovela)

Cristal (1985-1986) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión. It was written by Delia Fiallo and directed by Daniel Farías, Arturo Páez, and Tito Rojas. This telenovela lasted 246 episodes, and it achieved a significant amount of success inside and outside Venezuela, it was extremely successful in its airing in Spain (where each advertisement that was seen during the transmission of Cristal cost more than seven million pesetas) and Italy. It was distributed internationally by Coral International. Cristal has been rebroadcast more than seven times in Venezuela.
Synopsis.
Victoria Ascano, the beautiful and successful owner of the fashion house "Casa Victoria", decides to search for the baby she abandoned years before. At the same time, Cristina, Victoria's daughter leaves the orphanage where she was raised and moves into an apartment with two other girls, ready to pursue her dream of becoming a model. Cristina is unknowingly hired by Victoria, and she was on her way to becoming a successful model when Victoria discovers that Cristina and Luis Alfredo, her stepson, were having an affair. Victoria fires Cristina and Luis Alfredo marries Marion, his old girlfriend, because she claims to be carrying his child. Shortly after being abandoned by Luis Alfredo and fired by Victoria, Cristina discovers that she, too, is pregnant.
Theme song.
The theme song to Cristal is "Mi Vida Eres Tu", performed by Rudy La Scala.
End Song is "Volvamos A Vivir", performed by Rudy La Scala.

</doc>
<doc id="5938946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938946" title="Kevin Loder">
Kevin Loder

Kevin Allen Loder (born March 15, 1959) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Kansas City Kings in the 1st round (17th overall) of the 1981 NBA Draft. A guard-forward born in Cassopolis, Michigan, Loder played in 3 NBA seasons from 1981 to 1984. He played for the Kings and San Diego Clippers.
In his NBA career, Loder played in 148 games and scored a total of 875 points. His best year as a professional came during his rookie year for the Kings, appearing in 71 games and averaging 6.9 points per game.

</doc>
<doc id="5938947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938947" title="List of minor planets/124401–124500">
List of minor planets/124401–124500


</doc>
<doc id="5938955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938955" title="Lithuanian American">
Lithuanian American

Lithuanian Americans are Americans who are of Lithuanian ancestry. According to the United States Census, there are 712,165 Americans of full or partial Lithuanian descent.
New Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, has the largest percentage of Lithuanian Americans (20.8%) in the United States.
History.
It is believed that Lithuanian emigration to the United States began in the 17th century when Alexander Curtius arrived in New Amsterdam (present day New York City) in 1659 and became the first Latin School teacher-administrator; he was also a physician.
After the fall of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1795, most of Lithuania was incorporated into the Russian Empire. The beginnings of industrialization and commercial agriculture based on Stolypin's reforms, as well as the abolition of serfdom in 1861, freed the peasants and turned them into migrant-laborers. The pressures of industrialization, Lithuanian press ban, general discontent, suppression of religious freedom and poverty drove numerous Lithuanians to emigrate from the Russian Empire to the United States continuing until the outbreak of the First World War. The emigration continued despite the Tsarist attempts to control the border and prevent such a drastic loss of population. Since Lithuania as a country did not exist at the time, the people who arrived to the US were recorded as either Polish or Russian; moreover, due to the language ban in Lithuania and prevalence of Polish language at that time their Lithuanian names were not transcribed in the same way as they would be today. Only after 1918, when Lithuania established its independence, the immigrants to the US started being recorded as Lithuanians. This first wave of Lithuanian immigrants to the United States ceased when the US Congress passed the Emergency Quota Act in 1921, followed by the Immigration Act of 1924. The Immigration Act of 1924 was aimed at restricting the Eastern and Southern Europeans who had begun to enter the country in large numbers beginning in the 1890s.
A second wave of Lithuanians emigrated to the United States as a result of the events surrounding the World War II - the Soviet occupation of Lithuania in 1940 and the Nazi occupation that followed in 1941. After the war's end and the subsequent reoccupation of Lithuania by the Soviet Union, these Displaced Persons were allowed to immigrate to the United States and to apply for Americanship thanks to a special act of Congress which bypassed the quota system that was still in place until 1967.
Immigration of Lithuanians into the US resumed after Lithuania regained its independence after the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1990. This wave of immigration has tapered off recently as the decline of the dollar and the entry of Lithuania into the EU have made countries such as Ireland and the United Kingdom a more attractive option for potential Lithuanian emigrants.
Lithuanian days in Pennsylvania is the longest running ethnic festival in the United States.
Occupations.
At the end of the 19th century Lithuanians differed from most immigrant groups in the United States in several ways. They came to the US not only to escape poverty, but also to avoid bitter religious, political and national persecution, and compulsory military service in the Russian army. They did not plan to remain permanently and become "Americanized." Instead their intent was to live in the US temporarily to earn money, invest in property, and wait for the right opportunity to return to Lithuania. Official estimates were that 30% of the emigrants from the Russian provinces of Poland-Lithuania returned home. When adjusted to include only non-Jews the number is closer to 50-60%. Lithuanian immigrants who mostly came to the United States from Imperial Russia lived in a social environment akin to early European feudal society, where classless Jews performed the essential middle roles of artisans, merchants and moneylenders.
American employers considered Lithuanian immigrants, like the Poles, as better suited for arduous manual labor in coal-mines, slaughterhouses, and steel mills, particularly in the primary stages of steel manufacture. Consequently, Lithuanian migrants were recruited for work in the coal mines of Pennsylvania and the heavy industries (steel mills, iron foundries, slaughterhouses, oil and sugar refineries) of the Northeastern United States as well the Great Lakes cities of Chicago, Pittsburgh, Detroit, Buffalo, Milwaukee, and Cleveland.
The emigration after the World War II was very different from the previous wave. The people who came to the US were escaping in order to avoid the Soviet deportations to forced labour camps that were directed at certain social groups. Many of these people constituted political, economical, and intellectual elite of the pre-war Lithuania and therefore were more qualified to find better jobs in the US. Although some people took factory jobs in Detroit or Chicago, many Lithuanians pursued careers in engineering, medicine, or education. Also, some clergy in predominantly Catholic Lithuania felt oppressed by Communism and came to America.
Contribution.
Many famous people in the United States are or have been aware of their Lithuanian ancestry, including famous anarchist Emma Goldman, movie directors Robert Zemeckis and John Milius, actors Ruta Lee, Blackie Dammett, John C. Reilly, Charles Bronson, Brendon Small and Daniel Jason Sudeikis, rock stars Anthony Kiedis, Brandon Flowers, Michael Gira and Thalia Zedek, model Jurgita Valts, notorious criminal Alvin Karpis, radio host Tom Leykis, scientist Marija Gimbutas, and Bishop Louis Vezelis, OFM. Current Senate Majority Whip Richard Durbin is half-Lithuanian. Noted Catholic Archbishop Paul Marcinkus, who held a post at the Vatican for a while, was an American whose father was Lithuanian. Famous skateboarder Natas Kaupas, one of the innovators of street skating in the late 1980s and early 1990s, is of Lithuanian heritage. Others, such as J. D. Salinger, Sean Penn, Moe Howard, Curly Howard, Shemp Howard and Pink, had their Jewish ancestors come from Lithuanian lands. Author Ruta Sepetys, an American of Lithuanian descent, traveled to Lithuania and interviewed people and then wrote an award-winning book, "Between Shades of Gray", related to the hardships of Lithuanians during Soviet occupation of their land. 
Many American sport celebrities have Lithuanian heritage: Eleanor Dapkus, Johnny Unitas, Vitas Gerulaitis, Frank Lubin, Dick Butkus, Joe Jurevicius, Jack Sharkey and James Laurinaitis to mention a few. Lithuanian Americans have also distinguished themselves in the arts such as stained glass artist and painter Adolfas Valeška as well as modern artists such as Jonas Mekas, the avant-garde filmmaker and George Maciunas, founder of the Fluxus movement.
Several fictional characters of Lithuanian birth who immigrated to the United States have prominently captured the American imagination. The first is Jurgis Rudkus, a Lithuanian immigrant around whom Upton Sinclair's 1906 novel The Jungle chronicles the life of the Lithuanian community in Chicago and the treatment of workers in the Chicago Stockyards. The second, Hannibal Lecter, is the fictional villain from "The Silence of the Lambs" and "Hannibal" was born in Lithuania but later moved to the United States and took US citizenship. Marko Ramius, the Soviet submarine captain in The Hunt for Red October, is also described as "Lithuanian by birth" and as the "Vilnius Schoolmaster".
Distribution.
Chicago, Illinois, is home to the second largest population of Lithuanians in the world, and the old "Lithuanian Downtown" in Bridgeport was once the center of Lithuanian political activity for the whole United States. Another large Lithuanian community can be found in the Coal Region of northeastern Pennsylvania, particularly in Schuylkill County where the small borough of New Philadelphia has the largest percentage of Lithuanian Americans (20.8%) in the United States. There is also a large community of Lithuanian descent in the coal mining regions of Western Pennsylvania, northern West Virginia Panhandle and Northeastern Ohio tri-state area. Grand County, Colorado's Lithuanian-American community has the unusual distinction in that it is the only sizable immigrant population in an otherwise fairly homogeneous population in a rural, mountainous community. There is also a small but vibrant Lithuanian community in Presque Isle, Maine. Many Lithuanian refugees settled in Southern California after World War II; they constitute a community in Los Angeles. 
The states with the largest Lithuanian-American populations today are:
Maryland
Prominent persons.
Saen Penn
Bob Dylan

</doc>
<doc id="5938957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938957" title="Silvia Giusti">
Silvia Giusti

Silvia Ester Giusti is a former Argentine Senator for Chubut Province. She is a member of the Argentine Justicialist Party. 
Giusti was born in Arrecifes, Buenos Aires Province and studied to be a teacher of Literature and Spanish. In 1975 she moved to Chubut and continued her studies in Education at the Universidad Nacional de la Patagonia San Juan Bosco. She worked in education and coordinated education policies for the 1999 Peronists' campaign in Trelew.
Giusti is a widow with two children.
Giusti was elected a councillor in Trelew in 1999. 
She was elected to the national Senate in 2003 and presided the Agriculture, Livestock and Fisheries committee. She was a member of the Front for Victory caucus of President Néstor Kirchner and her term ended in 2009. Afterwards she was appointed a director to the province-owned bank Banco del Chubut S.A. by Chubut governor Mario das Neves.

</doc>
<doc id="5938959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938959" title="List of minor planets/124501–124600">
List of minor planets/124501–124600


</doc>
<doc id="5938964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938964" title="Victor A. Brumberg">
Victor A. Brumberg

Victor A. Brumberg is a theoretical physicist specializing in relativistic celestial mechanics and astrometry. He once worked as a chief-scientist at the Institute of Applied Astronomy, Russian Academy of Sciences, St. Petersburg. He is noted for his work on celestial mechanics and ephemerides. He is currently living in the United States of America.
Brumberg is a member of the scientific committee for projects under the IAU Commission 4: Ephemerides. He received the 2008 Brower Award from the Division of Dynamic Astronomy of the American Astronomical Society. The Brouwer Award was established to recognize outstanding contributions to the field of Dynamical Astronomy, including celestial mechanics, astrometry, geophysics, stellar systems, galactic and extragalactic dynamics. 

</doc>
<doc id="5938971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938971" title="List of minor planets/124601–124700">
List of minor planets/124601–124700


</doc>
<doc id="5938982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938982" title="List of minor planets/124701–124800">
List of minor planets/124701–124800


</doc>
<doc id="5938984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938984" title="Kate Dollenmayer">
Kate Dollenmayer

Kate Dollenmayer is an American actor. She debuted as lead actor in the 2002 film "Funny Ha Ha" by Andrew Bujalski.

</doc>
<doc id="5938988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938988" title="New England Institute of Technology">
New England Institute of Technology

New England Institute of Technology is a private, accredited, non-profit college offering Associate’s, Bachelor’s, and Master's degrees in 31 programs generally geared toward persons already in the work force like some 3,000 such similar institutions in the United States. Established in 1940, it operates on a four-quarter per year program at ten weeks per quarter. This allows one to obtain an Associate's Degree in one and one half years or a Bachelor's Degree in three years. It is commonly referred to as New England Tech.
The school is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.
National Alternative Fuels Training Consortium.
The National Alternative Fuels Training Consortium (or NAFTC) has a Training Center located at NEIT.
Marine programs.
New England Tech also conducts associate degree marine programs through college of engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="5938991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5938991" title="List of minor planets/124801–124900">
List of minor planets/124801–124900


</doc>
<doc id="5939011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939011" title="List of minor planets/124901–125000">
List of minor planets/124901–125000


</doc>
<doc id="5939022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939022" title="John Mackie (Scottish Unionist politician)">
John Mackie (Scottish Unionist politician)

John Hamilton Mackie (8 January 1898 – 29 December 1958) was a Scottish Unionist Party Member of Parliament (MP) for Galloway from 1931 to 1958 apart from the period 1945 to 1948 when, having been refused a Conservative nomination at the 1945 general election he was re-elected and sat as an "Independent Unionist". The Conservative whip was restored in 1948. He continued to represent Galloway until his death.
He was a member of the Right Club established by Archibald Maule Ramsay in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="5939024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939024" title="North American burl treen">
North American burl treen

Burl treen refers to small household items carved from knotty outgrowths of trees. These items forms a part of nearly every major Americana and Native Americana collection. 
Background.
For decades, these items have consistently commanded respectable prices in private dealings and at auction, yet the subject has been seriously neglected in print, leaving most collectors and dealers with only a general understanding of the material.
North America was first explored by Europeans in order to find a Western route to the riches of Asia, but in the process it was surveyed and explored for its own resources. The resources found in North America were tremendous: dense virgin forests of large, strong, and varied hardwoods and softwoods; a coastline rich with fish, accessible ports and islands; excellent growing soil; new agricultural crops like tobacco and corn; and huge numbers of animals for husbandry and skins.
By 1600, Continental Europe and England had a population exceeding seventy million. Though Europe was well forested and not necessarily in danger of depleting its resources, finding land masses that included huge tracts of virgin forests became ever more important as the need for strong timber was required for building and maintaining a strong naval defense. This was also the age of global exploration and larger and larger ships were constantly being commissioned for commercial purposes.
Steven S. Powers conveys that though the tradition of using wood for domestic purposes was nearly as old as Europe itself, the use of burl for domestic purposes was a new experience for Europeans arriving in North America in the 17th century. Burl treen, as they would learn, with its interlocking grain and strong matter made for a more durable treenware than treen of a straight grain. Since a living tradition of using burl for domestic purposes was not part of what the European settlers brought to this country, it can be said with assurance that they learned of the use of burl and its practical applications from the New England natives, for whom it was a centuries-old tradition. (Burl in Europe was used sparingly, principally for veneers.)
Early accounts from European explorers and settlers of North America made note of the artistry and the value that the Native Americans held for their carved wood bowls and ladles.
Daniel Gookin writes in 1674 in "Historical Collections of the Indians of New England",
“Their dishes, and spoons and ladles, are made of wood, very smooth and artificial, and of a sort of wood not subject to split.” 
Also writing in the 17th century, John Josselyn observed in "TWO VOYAGES TO NEW ENGLAND",
"dishes, spoons, and trayes wrought very smooth and neatly out of knots of wood."
Early colonial probate records from the 17th and 18th centuries often make accounts of “knot” bowls and dishes. The will of Eleanor Pierce of Kittery, Maine dated from 1675 is particularly interesting as it distinguishes wares made by themselves and wares made by the natives.
“One great knott bowle, one Indean knott dish.” 
History accounts that the American Indians made bowls and other wares for trading purposes and much is known and documented of the Indian made baskets in early homes, however, not much is known of the bowl trade. It is likely that we underestimate the amount of burl treen of Native American manufacture that would have been commonly found in early American households. 
It is a gross misunderstanding to think that Native American works were more primitive and less refined than those of the early settlers. On the contrary, at the time of the first colonial settlements and further into the years of this nation, the Woodlands people excelled at wood crafts and made the finest hewn bowls and related articles.
Manufacture Methods.
In some ways, it is unwise to make a blanket statement that turned bowls are of early American manufacture and hewn bowls are of Native American manufacture. However, little evidence supports the contrary.
Native American.
Before engagement and trade with Europeans, Native Americans employed flint and other stone blades as knives and axes and hafted beaver’s teeth as an adze-like tool for hewing and carving wood and other materials. A block of wood or burl would be cut from a tree and the interior burned out with hot coals, scraped, and burned some more. This was repeated until a sufficient cavity was formed. The bowl would be shaped and refined further using a combination of smaller stone implements and beaver’s teeth. In finishing the bowl it would be burnished with a smooth stone or the side of a beaver’s tooth.
Numerous manufactured metal tools and appliances brought over by 16th and 17th century European settlers had an immediate impact on the lives of the Native Americans. Two such 
implements were the steel or iron hatchet and the steel knife (which would later evolve into the "mocotaugan", or crooked knife). These were quickly favored over the stone and tooth tools. Though the proficiency in which the natives made their bowls improved, there is no indication that the new tools improved the craftsmanship and artistry of their wood carved bowls and ladles.
Colonial American.
Before coming to America, Europeans had use of the pole lathe for nearly two thousand years and for several centuries small towns were accustomed to acquiring their treen from local wood turners and shops. Not only was the use of burl not much of a tradition in Europe, neither was the hand hewing of bowls, platters, and dishes. Even the poorest of peasants generally had turned wares. 
Because the machine could easily be assembled and disassembled, the pole lathe made its journey with many men to the new country. From the 17th century on, the lathe was the method of choice for making treen in early America, not hewing it as did the natives. A lathe, either a pole lathe or later, a rotary lathe, works on the same principle: a block of wood is fixed between two stocks by means of a spike or faceplate and is then rotated at some speed at which time a chisel is employed to shape the wood into its desired shape. By the nature of the craft, the orchestration between ever-adjusting foot speeds and maintaining the appropriate pressure of the chisel, each turning is unique and each will have subtle nuances of wall thickness, proportions and ornamentation (beaded and incised turnings). 
Species.
Burl is a cancerous growth on a tree or bush. This irregular cell growth makes determining the species difficult unless a portion of the host or straight grain is available. Though burl is an irregular growth, there is some consistency within the irregularities in that species of trees that are prone to developing burls produce the same kind of burl over and over again. 
For example, ash burl consistently looks like ash burl and maple burl like maple burl. However, sometimes a burl will not exhibit its telltale character traits —- it may have the traits of more than one species or just some of them, but then have an altogether unfamiliar trait. To identify this we can just make an educated guess. Nearly 90 percent of burl treen in North America was fashioned from black ash burl. It is a common misbelief that the majority of burl was fashioned from maple or walnut burl. It should be stressed that not every piece of wood that exhibits a strong or decorative grain is burl.
Surface.
In America today, we prize a surface that is what it was when it was last used in its former life. This old undisturbed surface or “original surface,” combined with a couple hundred years of oxidation can make for a stirring aesthetic sensation. An untouched surface on a common burl bowl can be much more appealing than a refinished surface on a rare or more desirable form. However, an untouched surface can only reflect the life it led—though the surface may be right it may not be the most desirable. A long and well used life will result in a richer more desirable surface than a life of little use and wear. This preference has not always been the case. A short time ago dealers and collectors were waxing, oiling or varnishing their treen. That is why today, when an untouched example is found, we have to appreciate it as “one that got away.”
Dating.
Exact dating can almost never be attained with treen. Even if an object is inscribed with a date, it still has to prove itself. Our best gauge for dating treen is dating it to like forms in other materials that have a known date, such as pewter or silver which is often hallmarked to indicate its year of manufacture. This, however, is still a loose tool and can at best give us a ten year window. Over the years, the more objects that we see and feel, the more they speak to us, the more they tell us of their age and lives.
Fakes.
Large ash burls are scarce these days and therefore are quite expensive when they enter the market. Overwhelmingly their value is stretched by converting them into veneers. I have not seen any contemporary ash burl turnings made to look old.
Ash burl bowls, especially Native American bowls, have been known to have been reshaped. A carver will take an antique burl bowl and modify the bowl in some way to make it more commercial, maybe by in-cutting handles or figures. A keen eye looks for proper proportions (does it look cut down?) and appropriate wear.
Recently, I have seen a flood of Chinese and Tibetan turned burl objects enter the Americana market. They are usually small footed bowls with a figure resembling ash, but more the color of maple. They are old and nice objects, however definitely not American.
The most disturbing fakes on the market are carved effigy bowls made with the intent to appear as authentic 18th and 19th century bowls (this past year, I saw four enter the market). They are somewhat skillfully carved with moderately thin walls, a rounded bottom (which is atypical), a zoo-or-anthropomorphic head projecting off from the rim (awkwardly so) and they often have several side castellations (supposed appendages). The surfaces are often well manufactured and are sometimes almost convincingly old. Given the value of real effigy bowls, I expect to see more of them. Though we all want a treasure, the age-old adage applies, “if it’s too good to be true...”

</doc>
<doc id="5939034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939034" title="Norman McCay">
Norman McCay

Norman McCay is a fictional character from the DC Comics series Kingdom Come. As Kingdom Come is an Elseworlds series, McCay has not been seen in the regular DC Universe continuity since. However, with the recent revelations in the "Justice Society of America" title, McCay is apparently a part of DC Comics' multiverse. McCay is a preacher and the witness to the Biblical events of the series.
History.
McCay was friend and pastor to the former Sandman, Wesley Dodds, until he died. Dodds proclaimed an apocalyptic prophecy concerning future events involving the world's super-heroes. Interestingly, prior to entering the presence of the Quintessence he had always believed that God was a force and that that force did not assume a literal physical form or create servants to its will.
McCay is saddened by this and finds that he has inherited Dodds' visions. McCay's world is one where a new generation of super-heroes has become far more violent and bloodthirsty than their predecessors — such as Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman. This culminates in the destruction of Kansas in a battle resulting in the deaths of one million people.
As upset as anyone else, McCay later delivers a sermon based on the Book of Revelation which includes passages that unintentionally reminds his congregation of the Kansas disaster. This drives them away and a frustrated McCay is then contacted by the Spectre to bear witness to the events of the changing world. He believes the Spectre to be an angel and thus validates his faith.
In the course of their travels, McCay and the Spectre witness the growing tension in the world, the attempts by Superman and his Justice League to restore order and plots by the likes of Lex Luthor to take advantage in order to seize power for themselves.
While invisible to most, McCay becomes visible to the Justice League on one occasion when the Flash grabs him from the dimension through which he travels. He attempts to tell Superman that the apocalypse will result from their actions. Superman, however, is confused by his appearance and refuses his warning in part because, knowing he is trapped, McCay delivers the warning in the form of repeating a biblical passage spoken to him by Dodds.
At the final battle involving the Outsiders, the Justice League and the heroes who escaped from the super-hero gulag, a nuclear bomb is dropped by the U.N.. The Spectre asks McCay to pass judgement on who is right. McCay, recognizing that the situation is more complex than simply a right or wrong decision, sees an alternative.
After the bomb detonates, McCay grows angry at the Spectre's announced intent to depart and leave things as they are. He informs him that if Superman went to the U.N. and events proceed this would allow the very evil that the Spectre is supposed to oppose. As Superman rages at the U.N., McCay reaches him and informs him of the few survivors and calls attention to the fact that conflict arises when superhumans separate themselves from humans. This convinces Superman to calm down and follow a new path.
McCay is later seen giving an inspiring sermon to his parish (now including Jim Corrigan, the human form of the Spectre), preaching a message of hope. Finally in the epilogue in the Planet Krypton restaurant, Corrigan expresses his chagrin that the meal named after him, "Spectre platter", is a mix of spinach and cottage cheese. McCay, who is with him, points out that at least he is remembered in some way.
Origins.
Minister Clark Norman Ross, father of artist Alex Ross, posed for Norman McCay. The sweater McCay wears throughout the series is based on that of the elder Ross (as mentioned by Alex in the sketchbook section of the Kingdom Come Trade Paperback).
The surname "McCay" is a homage to cartoonist Winsor McCay, creator of Little Nemo comics.
Other versions.
The New-Earth version of Norman McKay appears in "Justice Society of America Kingdom Come Special: Superman #1". The Superman of Earth-22 is worried that he is the cause of events that leads to the destruction of each world he inhabits. Remembering the Biblical warnings of the Earth-22 McKay just before the deadly events at the Gulag, he visits New-Earth's McKay in Chicago. This version of McKay is retired from preaching and his wife still alive. McKay reassures Superman-22 that his presence on New-Earth may just as likely help prevent its destruction.
A man that looks strikingly similar to Norman McCay/Clark Ross appears in Alex Ross' "Marvels" issue 3, after Phil Sheldon exits J. Jonah Jameson's office towards the end of the issue.

</doc>
<doc id="5939038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939038" title="Cotuit Hall">
Cotuit Hall

Cotuit Hall is part of the EF International Academy's campus in Oxford, England. Until 2011 it was one of the halls of residence at Oxford Brookes University. 
History.
The hall was originally named Napier House after its commissioner and first occupant, Arthur Sampson Napier. A fellow of Merton College and professor of English language and literature, he employed the architect Harry Wilkinson Moore to design a house for himself, his wife, their six children and four servants. 
The house was to be built on land he had recently purchased in Pullen's Lane at the top of Headington Hill, an area of growing favour among Oxford academics. The house was completed in 1892, and Napier lived there with his family until his death in 1916.
Napier House was then bought at auction by Headington School, who used the building to house their junior department. In 1930, the senior school moved into new buildings, and the junior section moved into its current location on the south side of London Road (where the senior school had previously been). The name of Napier House moved with the school.
The building, thus vacated, reverted for a time to being a private dwelling, and was given its current name of Cotuit Hall. The origin of the name is uncertain: Cotuit is the name of a village in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. 
In this period, it was occupied by Redvers Opie, fellow and tutor in Economics at Magdalen College. From the 1940s until 1958, Cotuit Hall was the City of Oxford Children's Home,which relocated to windmill rd headington to become Windmill House
In the late 1950s, it again became a private house, occupied by the Reverend D. B. Jones, but by 1962 it had become a Hostel of the College of Technology, which later became the Polytechnic and then Oxford Brookes University.
In 2011 it was sold by Oxford Brookes University to the EF International Academy, who use it for students aged 16–18 taking two-year A-level or International Baccalaureate residential courses.

</doc>
<doc id="5939040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939040" title="Jets Overhead">
Jets Overhead

Jets Overhead are a Canadian alternative rock band formed in 2003 and based in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
Band history.
Formation and debut.
Singer Adam Kittredge conceived of the name Jets Overhead while observing air traffic patterns in London, England. Jets Overhead was formed in 2003 by Kittredge, guitarist Piers Henwood (cousin of Kittredge), bassist Jocelyn Greenwood (highschool friend of Kittredge), and the band’s first drummer, Brendan Pye. Soon after, vocalist Antonia Freybe-Smith joined, and Pye was replaced by Luke Renshaw, their current drummer. The band’s first release was 2003’s self-titled EP, "Jets Overhead", which charted No. 42 on the CMJ music charts.
Bridges: Early adoption of voluntary purchase model.
In 2006, Jets Overhead made their first full-length album, "Bridges", available for free download on their website under a voluntary purchase ("pay what you want") model, over a year before British rock group Radiohead eventually popularized this model with "In Rainbows." Jets Overhead were eventually recognized as one of the first bands who attempted to address the challenges presented by digital music distribution and online trading, with the band's website stating at the time that: “new systems for distributing music should be driven by the public rather than by existing paradigms which no longer apply to the digital world.” "Bridges" was produced by Neil Osborne, lead singer of Canadian rock group 54-40, and mixed by Warne Livesey. "Bridges" explores themes about island living and the west coast of Canada. It eventually led to the band’s first Juno nomination in 2007.
No Nations.
Jets Overhead did not repeat its original voluntary purchase model for the 2009 release of "No Nations"; however, elements of the album were made available on the band’s website under a Creative Commons license. "No Nations" was also produced by Neil Osborne, and was mixed by Grammy winner Malcolm Burn. The album was primarily recorded at a remote location on Hornby Island, and deals with themes of individuality and community. “Heading For Nowhere”, the first single from "No Nations", charted nationally at Canadian rock radio, and saw regular play on KCRW in Los Angeles. During the "No Nations" touring cycle, Jets Overhead made debut performances at prominent US festivals including Coachella and Bonnaroo. Prior to "No Nations"' release, singers Adam Kittredge and Antonia Freybe-Smith were married. "No Nations" marked the band's first US release on Vapor Records.
Touring and festival history.
Jets Overhead has performed at the Coachella Festival, Bonnaroo Music Festival, Sasquatch! Music Festival, Expo 2010 Shanghai, South by Southwest, CMJ Music Marathon, Rifflandia, North by Northeast, Popkomm, Transmission, Canadian Music Week, Edgefest, the 2010 Winter Olympics, and the Bridge School Benefit. The band has toured internationally in the UK, Germany, Ireland, and China. They have also played with Broken Social Scene, The Dandy Warhols, The Dears, The Frames, Our Lady Peace, Powderfinger, Sam Roberts, Tegan and Sara, The Temper Trap, and 54-40.
Television and film.
Jets Overhead songs have been featured on the television shows "House", "Bones", "Pretty Little Liars", "Love Bites", "Whistler", "Falcon Beach", "Jozi-H", "Godiva's", "The Best Years", and "ReGenesis". They have also been featured in the film "The Last Time", and a commercial for Brazilian subsidiary of mobile phone carrier Telecom Italia Mobile.
Collaborations and compilations.
Antonia Freybe-Smith co-wrote and contributed vocals to the DJ Phynn track "Hello Love," which was released in 2010 on the Black Hole Recordings label, along with a remix by Mr. Pit. In 2006, Grammy nominated producer and DJ Morgan Page remixed Jets Overhead song "All The People." In 2007, Jets Overhead contributed a cover of the Buffalo Springfield song "Mr. Soul" to ', in support of the Bridge School. "Get It Right" was featured on the Canadian 2006 War Child benefit compilation ', along with Coldplay, Radiohead, City & Colour, and other artists.
Awards and nominations.
Jets Overhead were nominated for New Group of the Year at the 2007 Juno Awards. "No Nations" won Monday Magazine's Favorite Album of 2009. The music video for "Heading for Nowhere" was nominated for Music Video of the Year at the 2010 Leo Awards, and the music video for "Sun Sun Sun" was voted as a top 20 video at the 2004 Indie Music Video Awards.
Equipment.
Bassist Jocelyn Greenwood plays a 1978 Rickenbacker 4001 bass through an Ampeg SVT cab, an Electro-Harmonix Hot Tubes pedal, and a Fender Blues Junior guitar amp. Her equipment provides the distinctive fuzzy bass sound on "Heading For Nowhere" and many of the band's recordings. On the album "No Nations", Adam Kittredge and Luke Renshaw are both credited as playing an ARP Solina synthesizer, considered a very rare synth.

</doc>
<doc id="5939049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939049" title="Archduchess Maria Magdalena of Austria (1689–1743)">
Archduchess Maria Magdalena of Austria (1689–1743)

Maria Magdalena, Archduchess of Austria (Maria Magdalena Josefa; 26 March 1689 – 1 May 1743) was a daughter of Emperor Leopold I and his third wife Eleonore Magdalene of the Palatinate. She died unmarried.
Biography.
Born at the Hofburg Palace in Vienna she was the ninth child of Emperor Leopold I and Eleonore Magdalene of the Palatinate. Shortly before the War of the Spanish Succession, there was the question of the new king of Spain, Philip V, marrying the archduchess, but Louis XIV was opposed to this match for political reasons, and the official reason given was that none of the archduchesses offered pleased his grandson. In 1708, her older sister Archduchess Maria Anna married John V of Portugal; plans for a second union between Austria and Portugal were discussed when Maria Magdalena was proposed as a bride for Infante Francis, Duke of Beja, brother of John V. Negotiations failed in the early stages and, as such, both candidates died unmarried. Again after the war the question of her becoming queen of Spain to replace the now deceased Luisa Maria of Savoy was floated. However, again it came to naught and Philip married Elisabeth Farnese instead.
After the failed marriage, she lived a life of seclusion and remained unmarried and died without issue. She had a close relationship to her niece Maria Theresa, the daughter of her brother Emperor Charles VI and future Empress and also with her sister Archduchess Maria Anna. She died of pneumonia at the age of 54. She was buried at the Imperial Crypts in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="5939059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939059" title="Yer' Album">
Yer' Album

"Yer' Album" is the first studio album by the James Gang, recorded at The Hit Factory in NYC and released in March 1969. This is the only album featuring the bassist Tom Kriss. 
In the locked groove at the end of side 1 of the LP version of the album (which is normally silent on most phonograph records), the spoken phrase "Turn me over" repeats in a loop, while the locked groove at the end of side 2 repeats the phrase "Play me again".
Critical Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic William Ruhlman wrote the album ""Yer' Album" contained much to suggest that the James Gang, in particular its guitarist, had a great future, even if it was more an album of performances than compositions."

</doc>
<doc id="5939070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939070" title="Landscape epidemiology">
Landscape epidemiology

Landscape epidemiology draws some of its roots from the field of landscape ecology. Just as the discipline of landscape ecology is concerned with analyzing both pattern and process in ecosystems across time and space, landscape epidemiology can be used to analyze both risk patterns and environmental risk factors. This field emerges from the theory that most vectors, hosts and pathogens are commonly tied to the landscape as environmental determinants control their distribution and abundance. In 1966, Evgeniy Pavlovsky introduced the concept of natural nidality or focality, defined by the idea that microscale disease foci are determined by the entire ecosystem. With the recent availability of new computing technologies such as geographic information systems, remote sensing, statistical methods including spatial statistics and theories of landscape ecology, the concept of landscape epidemiology has been applied analytically to a variety of disease system, including malaria, hantavirus, Lyme disease and Chagas' disease.

</doc>
<doc id="5939075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939075" title="Mary Magdalene (disambiguation)">
Mary Magdalene (disambiguation)

Mary Magdalene is a religious figure in Christianity.
Mary Magdalene may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5939090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939090" title="Vidnoye, Moscow Oblast">
Vidnoye, Moscow Oblast

Vidnoye () is a town and the administrative center of Leninsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located south of Moscow city limits. Population: 
History.
Rastorguyevo summer cottage community was established in this area in 1902. The construction of the "Moscow Coke and Gas Works" factory started in 1937 but was interrupted by World War II, and it was only in 1949 that the settlement of Vidnoye was established for the factory workers. Vidnoye was merged with Rastorguyevo and granted town status in 1965.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Vidnoye serves as the administrative center of Leninsky District. As an administrative division, it is, together with seven rural localities, incorporated within Leninsky District as the Town of Vidnoye. As a municipal division, the Town of Vidnoye is incorporated within Leninsky Municipal District as Vidnoye Urban Settlement.
Economy.
Main industrial enterprises in Vidnoye include the "Moscow Coke and Gas Works", the "Metallist" factory, and the "Gipsobeton" company. Public transportation is represented by commuter trains to Moscow (Rastorguyevo railway station of the Pavelets Line) and eight bus lines. Several trolleybus lines were put into operation during the first decade of the 2000s.
Media.
"Vidnovskiye Vesti", established in 1931, is the local newspaper. One local cable TV station ("Vidnoye-TV") broadcasts in the town.
Sports.
There are several sports arenas in the town: Vidnoye sports palace, Metallurg ice stadium, a motoball stadium, and a swimming pool. There are several sport clubs for teenagers.
Basketball.
Women's Basketball Club Spartak Moscow Oblast is a women's basketball team based in Vidnoye that plays in FIBA's EuroLeague Women. It is a highly successful team in recent years, winning the 2005-2006 EuroCup Women and the 2006-2007, 2007-2008, 2008-2009 and 2009-2010 EuroLeague Women championship and the inaugural SuperCup Women.
Motoball (Motorcycle Polo).
Vidnoye is hometown of Metallurg motoball team. Three European championships took place in Vidnoye (in 1992, 1998, and 2006), in all of which team Russia was the winner.
Notable people.
Association football goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev was born in Vidnoye.
Twin towns and sister cities.
Vidnoye is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="5939091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939091" title="List of minor planets/125001–125100">
List of minor planets/125001–125100


</doc>
<doc id="5939104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939104" title="List of minor planets/125101–125200">
List of minor planets/125101–125200


</doc>
<doc id="5939114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939114" title="The Essential Pansy Division">
The Essential Pansy Division

The Essential Pansy Division is a compilation album by queercore band Pansy Division.

</doc>
<doc id="5939116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939116" title="Lulsgate Quarry">
Lulsgate Quarry

Lulsgate Quarry () is a 1.13 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Felton, North Somerset, notified in 1997.
The site has an excellent exposure of an irregular unconformity surface lying between inclined Lower
Carboniferous (Dinantian) Black Rock limestones and flat-bedded Upper Triassic (Rhaetian) strata.

</doc>
<doc id="5939119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939119" title="List of minor planets/125201–125300">
List of minor planets/125201–125300


</doc>
<doc id="5939132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939132" title="List of minor planets/125301–125400">
List of minor planets/125301–125400


</doc>
<doc id="5939136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939136" title="Verdict (play)">
Verdict (play)

Verdict is a 1958 play by British mystery writer Agatha Christie. It is unusual for Agatha Christie plays in more than one way: for example, it is an original play, not based on a story or novel; and though there is a murder in the story, it is a melodrama more than a typical 'whodunnit' mystery as the murder takes place on stage. 
It was first produced by Peter Saunders and directed by Charles Hickman, with decor by Joan Jefferson Farjeon. The play premiered at the Grand Theatre, Wolverhampton on 25 February 1958, before moving to the Strand Theatre, London on 22 May 1958. It ran for 250 performances. In 1987 the play ran in the Arena Players Main Stage Theater in East Farmingdale, New York, and in May 2009 it premiered with an international cast in Luxembourg's Abbaye de Neumunster.
Synopsis.
The play tells the story of Karl Hendryk, a brilliant professor who, with his wife and her cousin, have fled persecution in their country. It is not explicitly mentioned that they are Germans persecuted by Nazis – and Agatha Christie has probably deliberately given the characters names that are not evidently traceable to any national origin. The professor is contentedly ensconced in a British university, where he is respected by students and faculty alike. His wife, Anya, an invalid suffering from a progressively debilitating disease, bitterly regrets having been forced to leave her home and her friends and is unhappy with all aspects of her life in England. Her cousin and close friend, Lisa Koletzky, has moved with them to care for Anya and to manage the professor's home. Karl and Lisa have suppressed feelings for each other, and the situation is further disturbed when a young rich student, Helen Rollander, takes on private lessons with the professor.
Synopsis of scenes.
The action of the play passes in the living-room of Professor Hendryk's flat in Bloomsbury. Time: not clear but probably in the 1950s.
ACT I
ACT II
Publication history.
The play was first published in 1958 in a paperback edition by Samuel French Ltd as "Acting Edition No. 833" priced at six shillings. It was first published in hardback in "The Mousetrap and Other Plays" by Dodd, Mead and Company in 1993 (ISBN 0-39-607631-9) and in the UK by Harper Collins in 1993 (ISBN 0-00-224344-X).

</doc>
<doc id="5939139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939139" title="Gene October">
Gene October

Gene October is an English musician, best known as the singer for the punk rock band, Chelsea. His real name is John O'Hara and he is thought to originate from the Solihull area of Birmingham.
He was in the original line-up of Chelsea with Billy Idol and Tony James (guitar) but they split after a few weeks and Idol/James formed the band Generation X. They had originally supported Throbbing Gristle at the ICA in London an were known as 'LSD', their set consisted of Beatles and Rolling Stones cover versions.
October was instrumental in the creation of the punk venue The Roxy, persuading the manager of gay London nightclub, 'Shageramas', to convert the club to cater for a punk clientele. He briefly managed a club called Revolution No.9 and for many years worked as an A&R man for Miles Copeland III's IRS label. He currently works for Brighton & Hove Council in the recycling department.
Appearances in other media.
October appeared in Henry Rollins tour memoir book and spoken word CD, "Get In The Van". In the book, Rollins encountered October twice. The first time on an early Black Flag tour of the UK, when October badmouthed Black Flag onstage and then kept kicking Rollins whilst he was sleeping. The second encounter occurred during a later Black Flag tour, which ended with October being humiliated by Henry.
October also appeared in two films by Derek Jarman. In "Jubilee" he played the character Happy Days, and in "Caravaggio" he appeared as a fruit-eating model.
Discography.
1994 - Life and struggle (Receiver Records RRCD 196)

</doc>
<doc id="5939142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939142" title="List of minor planets/125401–125500">
List of minor planets/125401–125500


</doc>
<doc id="5939149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939149" title="MySQL Workbench">
MySQL Workbench

MySQL Workbench is a visual database design tool that integrates SQL development, administration, database design, creation and maintenance into a single integrated development environment for the MySQL database system. It is the successor to DBDesigner 4 from fabFORCE.net, and replaces the previous package of software, MySQL GUI Tools Bundle.
History.
fabFORCE.net DBDesigner4.
DBDesigner4 is an open source visual database design and querying tool for the MySQL database released under the GPL. It was written in 2002/2003 by the Austrian programmer Michael G. Zinner for his fabFORCE.net platform using Delphi 7 / Kylix 3.
While being a physical-modeling only tool DBDesigner4 offers a comprehensive feature set including reverse engineering of MySQL databases, model-to-database synchronization, model poster printing, basic version control of schema models and a SQL query builder. It is available for MS Windows, Mac OS X and Linux.
Zinner was approached by representatives from MySQL AB and joined the company in late 2003 to take over the development of graphical user interface (GUI) tools for MySQL which lead to the creation of the MySQL GUI Tools Bundle.
MySQL GUI Tools Bundle.
The MySQL GUI Tools Bundle is a cross-platform open source suite of desktop applications for the administration of MySQL database servers, and for building and manipulating the data within MySQL databases. It was developed by MySQL AB and later by Sun Microsystems and released under the GPL. Development on the GUI Tools bundle has stopped, and is now only preserved under the Download Archives of the MySQL site.
The GUI Tools bundle has been superseded by MySQL Workbench, and reached its End-of-Life with the beta releases of MySQL Workbench 5.2. However, the MySQL Support team continued to provide assistance for the bundle until June 30, 2010.
Releases.
The first preview version of MySQL Workbench was released in September 2005, and was not included in the MySQL GUI Tools Bundle. Development was started again in 2007 and MySQL Workbench was set to become the MySQL GUI flagship product.
Version numbering was started 5.0 to emphasis the fact that MySQL Workbench was developed as the successor to DBDesigner4.
MySQL Workbench 5.0 and 5.1.
MySQL Workbench 5.0 and 5.1 are specialized visual database design tools for the MySQL database. While MySQL Workbench 5.0 was a MS Windows only product cross-platform support was added to MySQL Workbench 5.1 and later.
MySQL Workbench 5.2.
Starting with MySQL Workbench 5.2 the application has evolved to a general database GUI application. Apart from physical database modeling it features a SQL Editor, database migration tools, and a database server administration interface, replacing the old MySQL GUI Tools Bundle.
MySQL Workbench 6.0.
On May 22, 2013 the MySQL Workbench Team announced that they were working on Version 6.0. The first public beta, labeled version 6.0.2, was released on June 14, 2013, and the first general-availability release was made on August 12, 2013.
MySQL Workbench 6.1.
On January 23, 2014 the MySQL Workbench Team announced its first public beta release of Version 6.1. The first general-availability release was made on March 31, 2014. New features include improved Visual Explain output, a Performance dashboard, Performance Schema support, additional query result views, and MSAA support.
Features.
Prominent features of MySQL Workbench 5.2 are:
Licensing and editions.
MySQL Workbench is the first MySQL family of products that offer two different editions - an open source and a commercial edition. The "Community Edition" is a full featured product that is not crippled in any way. Being the foundation for all other editions it will benefit from all future development efforts. The commercial "Standard Edition" extends the Community Edition with a series of modules and plugins.
As this business decision was announced soon after the takeover of MySQL by Sun Microsystems, this has caused speculation in the press about the future licensing of the MySQL database.
Community reception and reviews.
Since its introduction MySQL Workbench has become popular within the MySQL community. It is now the second most downloaded product from the MySQL website with more than 250,000 downloads a month. Before that it was voted Database Tool of the Year 2009 on Developer.com.
MySQL Workbench has been reviewed by the open source community and print magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="5939153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939153" title="List of minor planets/125501–125600">
List of minor planets/125501–125600


</doc>
<doc id="5939156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939156" title="Childstar">
Childstar

Childstar is a 2004 comedy film directed and written (with the help of Michael Goldbach) by Don McKellar. It was screened at several film festivals between September 2004 and July 2005.
Plot.
Taylor Brandon Burns (Mark Rendall), a conflicted twelve-year-old TV star from the U.S., runs away from the set - and his problems - while shooting a big-budget film in Canada. His reluctant limo-driver, Rick Schiller (Don McKellar), a down-on-his-luck indie filmmaker, is enlisted to find Taylor before the childstar destroys himself.
DVD.
The region 1 DVD was released September 13, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5939159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939159" title="Ballerup Bladet">
Ballerup Bladet


</doc>
<doc id="5939160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939160" title="Archduchess Maria Maddalena of Austria">
Archduchess Maria Maddalena of Austria

Maria Maddalena of Austria (Maria Magdalena; 7 October 1589 – 1 November 1631) was Grand Duchess of Tuscany from her husband's accession in 1609 until his death in 1621. With him, she had eight children, including a duchess of Parma, a grand duke of Tuscany, and an archduchess of Further Austria. She was the youngest daughter of Charles II, Archduke of Inner Austria, and his wife Maria Anna of Bavaria. During the minority of her son, Grand Duke Ferdinando, she and her mother-in-law acted as regents. She died on 1 November 1631 in Padua.
Biography.
Born in Graz, she was the youngest daughter of Charles II, Archduke of Inner Austria, and his wife Maria Anna of Bavaria.
Marriage.
In 1608, Maria Maddalena was married to Cosimo de' Medici, Grand Prince of Tuscany. Grand Duke Ferdinando I de' Medici, the bridegroom's father, arranged the marriage as to assuage Spain's (where Maria Maddalena's sister was the incumbent queen) animosity towards Tuscany, which had been inflamed due to a string of Franco-Tuscan marriages.
Regency.
She and Cosimo enjoyed a contented marriage. Together they had eight children. Cosimo II died in 1621, leaving their ten-year old son Ferdinando as grand duke. Maria Maddalena and her mother-in-law, Christina of Lorraine, acted as regents until the boy came of age. Their collective regency is known as the "Turtici". Maria Maddelana's temperament was analogous to Christina's. Together, they aligned Tuscany with the Papacy; re-doubled the Tuscan clergy; and allowed the trial of Galileo Galilei to occur. Upon the death of the last Duke of Urbino, instead of claiming the duchy for Ferdinando, who was married ("needs clarification") his granddaughter, and heiress, Vittoria della Rovere, they permitted it to be annexed by Pope Urban VIII. In 1626, they banned any Tuscan subject from being educated outside the Grand Duchy, a law later resurrected by Maria Maddalena's grandson, Cosimo III. Harold Acton ascribes the decline of Tuscany to their regency. The Dowager Grand Duchesses sent Ferdinando on a tour of Europe in 1627.
The Grand Duchess died aged 42 after a visit to her brother Leopold in Innsbruck on the way back to Padua, Italy. Her son had been in power for a year.

</doc>
<doc id="5939192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939192" title="William G. Doty">
William G. Doty

William G. Doty (6 September 1852–1919) was a Michigan lawyer and politician.
Biography.
He was born in the village of Manchester, in Michigan's Washtenaw County. His grandfather, Samuel Doty, had served a term in the Michigan House of Representatives in 1838.
Doty was Mayor of Ann Arbor, Michigan, from 1891 to 1893. He was a member of the Freemasons and the Knights Templar.

</doc>
<doc id="5939254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939254" title="List of minor planets/125601–125700">
List of minor planets/125601–125700


</doc>
<doc id="5939264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939264" title="Renault Cléon-Fonte engine">
Renault Cléon-Fonte engine

The Cléon-Fonte engine, also known as the Sierra engine or under the code "C engine" or "C-Type", is a family of four-cylinder, in line automobile engine manufactured continuously by Renault from 1962 to 2004. For more than four decades it became a mainstay in Renault's compact models, before being gradually replaced by the E-type engine from the late 1980s onward.
The C-type is overhead valve, water-cooled design, with a 5-bearing crankshaft, with side camshaft (with rockers and pushrods), driven by a chain with an aluminum cylinder head.
History.
Born in 1962, this four-cylinder will have generations of animated models from over the years from 956 cc to 1565 cc of Floride through the Twingo, Renault 11 Turbo and Renault 5 Turbo 2.
Fate of this remarkable mechanical animated still Twingo its launch in 1993, thirty years after his presentation to the press at Geneva 1962. At the time, we praised the modern engine "Sierra", soon renamed "Cléon-Fonte" name of the ultra-modern Renault factory where it was first manufactured.
Technical adaptations have enabled the production of this engine in many displacements in single and dual carburetor body, and injection with or without turbo. The "Cléon-Fonte" was coupled to four boxes, and then five speeds according to its applications and progress of the automotive industry.
He has fitted in one form or another an impressive list of Renault models, its rearmost position, central or before or arranged longitudinally or transversely: Floride, Caravelle, Alpine A110, R4, R5, Le Car, Supercinq, R6, R7 (Siete), R8/R10, R9/R11, Alliance/Encore, R12, R15, R18, R19, R21 (Export), Estafette, Traffic 1, Express (Rapid / Extra), Fuego, Twingo, Clio 1. Not to mention the Dacia range from 1971!
It is from this year that in effect extends Renault engine manufacture "C" at the factory its Romanian partner in Pitesti. Recently, this four-cylinder is more than its équipait vehicles derived from antediluvian R12 1.6i Pick Up, Drop Side 1.6i, 1.6i Double Cab, traction drive and 4x4. A range that continues to drive the four-cylinder 1.9 diesel air.
Monday 29 November 2004, Dacia has produced the latest engine "C" of the story. There was a 1.6 i 68 horses with the serial number 2527155.
The engine stop "C", four months after that of the Berlina (ex-R12), allows the Dacia range to meet the evolution of Romanian legislation on emissions adopted in the project to join the European Union. Dacia will continue to manufacture the components of the block "Cléon-Fonte" for the purposes of his service in Romania and abroad.
In total, more than 27 million units "Cléon-Fonte" which were produced by Renault and Dacia since its launch. 15 million in France. This engine was also assembled in Portugal, Spain, Turkey, Colombia and Argentina.
In France this engine ended its career in December 1996 in the Twingo and Clio with C3G 1239 cc, and Supercinq "Bye Bye" with C3J 1390 cc and at the same time stopping the production of Supercinq.
Already this four-cylinder has reached classic status in the heart of French collectors. And around the world, it survives under the hood of thousands of former Renault lovingly preserved.
In total, this engine has had a long career in the order of half a century.
A legendary engine.
Not less than 27,277,306 engines manufactured in 42 years. Record, at least in Europe, as some American V8 have far exceeded. Beyond this record, the feat of the Renault engine is to be able to lead a host of very different cars, mounted in every position imaginable: on the back, front, cantilever or central in longitudinal or transverse front engine and even propulsion Daf 55/66 to drive Daf and Volvo 340 transaxle.
"Sierra" engine.
It all started in the late 1950s, when the Renault engineering, led by Fernand Picard engineer, decided to develop for the future Renault 8 a modern group that "Ventoux engine" 850 cm3 of the Dauphine . A small 4-cylinder engine which would evolve 956 cm3 1108 cm3. Cast iron, topped with an aluminum cylinder head, this group was characterized by its camshaft placed high in the block and especially his five crankshaft bearings. From the first test, it showed flexibility of good quality and especially more power than the 850 cm3 Ventoux, whose design dates back to 1944. He was baptized "Sierra", because at that time the Board, it is not yet known engines by letter, but by name. It was later he took the nickname "Cléon", where it was made, attached to the "Fonte" to distinguish it from the aluminum block Renault 16, and finally "C engine."
He made his official debut at the Geneva Motor Show 1962 Renault Floride S replacing the 850 cm3 40 hp Dauphine Gordini. The 956 cm3, which delivered a dozen additional horsepower, 51 hp SAE, fitted out a few months later the new R8 sedan. Meanwhile, central rear position, he made his debut on the track, including the 24 Hours of Le Mans in Djet René Bonnet, official team of the Board.
This is Amédée Gordini which is responsible to prepare the styling or a hemispherical head or a head 2 head camshafts allow 85-90 hp 1000 cm3 against 70 for version 700. Until 1963 Djet competition, he revealed some weaknesses in the rigidity of the block, lead some to slam the head gaskets that prompted Renault to stiffen slightly propensity.
1963 saw him appear in 1108 cm3 engine better suited to utility patrol car, where it was installed for the first time door overhang. Then came the Renault Florida, which performance too timid, who received under the rear cover before leading mid-1964 the luxurious R8 Major is still criticized. It is playing on increased to 70 mm bore as the displacement of 1108 cm3 offering greater flexibility was achieved by creating different between axes in the cylinders.
At Le Mans car and.
Also in competition in 1000 cm3 2 ACT, more prototypes and Alpine Cup, it motorization their cars Formula 2 and 3, where he proved unconvincing. He had more happiness in 1108 cm3 hemispherical head dual channel which was fitted as standard on the sporty end of 1964 R8 Gordini. Fed by two large Solex carburetors 40, the 1108 cm3 95 hp SAE delivered them allowing 170 km / h in demonstrating an undeniable explosiveness that allowed him to equip Djet Matra and Alpine Berlinetta. The work of preparers as Ferry, Amédée Gordini and Mignolet made his climb to power 100 and 120 hp version of 1296 cm3. The capacity to evolve 1440 cm3 1530 cm3 and even to develop up to 145 Ch
In the late 1960s, it was the engine at any of Renault. Installed in both the R8 and R10 sedans widely at the time, the patrol car, it was also produced in Valladolid, Spain. End of 1966, to propel the new R8 Gordini 1300, he received a new blocks in between axes uniform between the cylinders with a specific lateral offset crankshaft, this time cubing 1255 cm3 88 hp DIN.
Ahead !
End of 1969, Renault launched its front-wheel drive R12. Now known as "C", the "Cléon-Fonte" resumed the service front door overhang, overhauled to admit 1289 cm3 and 54 bhp and income at a uniform spacing between the cylinders. Despite his great qualities of flexibility, it was not powerful enough to power the sporty versions of the R12 and Alpine Berlinetta. In this capacity of 1289 cm3, he equipped the patrol car, the R12 and R15 TL cut in 60 Ch But it is 956 cm3 returned to business-mounted longitudinal position before mated to a new box, first under the hood of the R6, R5 and especially in the TL.
It is now the small sedan that was to represent the diamond brand in the race. To do this, Renault began, in fact, work Gordini 10 years earlier, but with a much lower cost. Pushed to 1397 cm3, the "Cléon-Fonte", wearing a new hemispherical head, announced 93 hp 1976 R5 Alpine before climbing to 110 in 1981 in the R5 Alpine Turbo.
Meanwhile, he had equipped the R4 GTL in 1108 cm3 before the basic model that retained its antique "engine Billancourt" 850 cm3 3 levels are in turn comes, but in 956 cm3 in 1986. In 1397 cm3, wearing a normal head, available in several powers, took place under the cover of R18, which succeeded the R12. It is in this capacity, but slipped in a transverse position before, he saw the end of the day under the hood of the R9, car of the year 1982 and its sister R11, then under the Super 5 in 1985.
Renault chose to use the turbocharged 1.4 liter Cléon engine in several cars of the early 1980s. The pushrod Cléon engine was chosen for its sturdiness and low cost. For cost concerns it was fitted with a Solex carburetor, albeit a special unit made from magnesium in order to withstand the high heat from the turbocharger.
Nearly 400 hp!
End of 1980, thanks to a big turbo, he sent the impressive power of 160 hp to the rear wheels of the spectacular R5 Turbo. Mounted in rear center position for the first time, this 1397 cm3 was coupled with the big box of the R30 TX. R5 Turbo rally engaged in group B gradually saw its power rise from 200 to 300 hp peaking at 360 in 1527 cm3 Max 1985, before brushing the 400 (exactly 385) in 1987 on the tour versions of the championship Blockbuster. A mechanism that benefited from the 1500 turbo technology in F1, including the injection of water into the intake.
After the motor R19 and Clio 1 base, everyone thought in the early 1990s, this engine, which was not so ill-suited to emission standards and the catalyst, however, lived his last days, with arrival engine Energy.
Output drive.
It was about to bury when the Twingo pointed his gaze in 1993, marking his return to this time bored out to 1239 cm3. Many journalists blamed the Twingo to use this engine. The Energy and Clio R19 engine, by its design with its hemispherical cylinder head exhaust up to the front of the head could not go under the hood of the little Twingo. He definitely left up in late 1996, the new D7F engine 1149 cm3, more modern. The D7F engine simultaneously replace the engine 1.2 Cléon-Fonte Twingo 1.2 Energy and the engine on the Clio. The Cléon-Fonte continue to be manufactured by Dacia until the end of 2004 to equip Berlina derived from R12.
Renault Sport - Alpine - Gordini.
This engine is mounted in most sports Renault 60s, 70 and 80, prepared by Gordini, Alpine and Renault Sport.
Evolution Engine.
Cléon-Fonte engine evolved into the engine which Energy will appear on the Renault 19. The base is the same, but it adopted an overhead camshaft driven by a toothed timing belt. The 1390 cm ³ Energy and 1390 cm ³ Cléon-fonte have the same stroke and the same bore.
The Energy engine evolve into the K engine that will appear on the Megane 1. The main modification of the engine K is operated at machining cylinder, since this engine has removable liners. The head of Energy engine is kept on versions 8 valves species. The K engine will also be developed in 16-valve versions and will also be available in diesel version (K9K - 1.5 dCi).
Other manufacturers.
The Cléon-Fonte engine not only was mounted on Renault and Dacia, but also on Volvo, DAF, Ford and Volkswagen in Brazil
CxC.
The C1C displaced 1.0 L (956 cc):
Applications:
CxE.
The C1E (original name "688") displaces 1.1 L ().
Applications:
CxG.
The C1G, C2G and C3G displace 1.3 L () and produces 55 PS (40 kW) at 5,300 rpm, and 90 N·m (66 lb·ft) at 2,800 rpm with single-point fuel injection in the Twingo. It was produced through July 1996.
Applications:
810.
There was also the 810-type engine, with 1,289 cc from a 73 x 77 mm bore and stroke. It was taken out of production before alphanumeric codes were introduced. Power ranged from 32-47 kW.
Applications:
This engine was also used in the R10
CxJ.
The C1J, C2J, and C3J displaces 1.4 L () from a 76 mm (3.0") bore and a 77 mm (3.03") stroke.
Applications:
C2L.
An Argentinian-developed engine, this was only available in Argentina, Colombia and Turkey. It is derived from the CxJ and shares the dimensions with Renault's A-series engine (). The major improvement was in the available torque (12.5 kg/m at 3,000 rpm).

</doc>
<doc id="5939265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939265" title="List of minor planets/125701–125800">
List of minor planets/125701–125800


</doc>
<doc id="5939267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939267" title="List of Dad's Army characters">
List of Dad's Army characters

This is a list of characters in the British television comedy series "Dad's Army". In addition to the seven main characters, all members of the Walmington-on-Sea Home Guard platoon, the series featured a large cast of recurring characters, many of whom began to appear regularly in episodes, particularly following the death of James Beck (who played Private Walker). In addition, a number of characters appeared in significant roles for a single episode or series.
Main platoon members.
Captain George Mainwaring.
Mainwaring ( ) was played by Arthur Lowe. He was the pompous - if essentially brave and unerringly patriotic - local bank manager. Mainwaring appointed himself leader of his town's contingent of Local Defence Volunteers. Of the platoon, he and Joe Walker were the only adult members with no prior combat experience, and therefore had no medals, which was a source of embarrassment for Mainwaring and sometimes caused tension with the other members. He did, however, serve in France, "during the whole of 1919—somebody had to clear up the mess." Although an ensemble piece, the series focused particularly upon Mainwaring, who has invested all his efforts into the platoon as a way of escaping from an unhappy marriage to Elizabeth, daughter of a Bishop, and a stalled career at the bank.
Sergeant Arthur Wilson.
Wilson, played by John Le Mesurier, was a diffident, upper-class bank clerk and Mainwaring's inferior in the bank and on parade. Nevertheless, his suave, understated social superiority, public school education and handsome looks led to a certain amount of jealousy on Mainwaring's part, which Wilson was never particularly bothered by. He would also subtly question Mainwaring's judgement by asking "do you think that's wise, Sir?" after Mainwaring had given an instruction. Their rivalry came to the fore in "A. Wilson (Manager)?", in which Wilson is appointed manager of another bank, and "The Honourable Man", when Wilson inherits a title. Wilson lodged with Mrs Pike and her son Frank and it is implied, though never explicitly stated, that he is Frank's father. During the First World War Wilson had been a Captain and fought in the Royal Artillery at Mons, Gallipoli and the Somme.
Lance-Corporal Jack Jones.
Jones was the oldest member of the platoon (born 1870), but was played by Clive Dunn, who was in his forties when he took the role. Jones was an old campaigner who had joined the British Army as a boy soldier and served under Kitchener of Khartoum in the Sudan between 1896 and 1898, the Boer War, and the First World War. By 1940 he worked as the town butcher, which enabled him to occasionally supplement his superiors' meat ration. Jones was leader of the platoon's first section. He has a story for every occasion, and will never hesitate in telling it, regardless of how long-winded or irrelevant it is. Despite his age Jones demonstrates an almost boyish enthusiasm for combat, in particular the use of the bayonet, accompanied by his catchphrase "they don't like it up 'em!" He was easily excitable and would repeatedly yell "don't panic!" during moments of crisis. He was also keen to volunteer for any task, no matter how ill-advised it might be. In Battle of the Giants Jones suffered a malaria relapse. 
Private Joe Walker.
Walker was played by James Beck in the television series and seven episodes of the radio series, Graham Stark for five radio episodes with Larry Martyn for the remainder of the radio series. A black market "spiv" (he called himself a "wholesale supplier"), Walker was the only fit, able-bodied man of military age in Walmington-on-Sea's home guard. His absence from the regular armed forces was due to a corned beef allergy, although it was implied that Walker had probably found a way to play the system. Mainwaring often turned a blind eye to his profiteering as he could supply the platoon (and Mainwaring) with useful items. On more than one occasion, Walker's willingness to use underhand tactics allowed Mainwaring's platoon to triumph over rivals in the Home Guard, Army and ARP. He irritated Mainwaring with his penchant for making wisecracks at inappropriate times. Following Beck's death in 1973, Walker was written out of the series. The platoon found a note from Walker, explaining that he had gone to "The Smoke" to conduct some business and he was not heard from again.
Private Frank Pike.
The youngest platoon member - played by Ian Lavender - Pike, a cosseted mother's boy and often the target of Mainwaring's derision ("You stupid boy"), was a junior bank clerk. He called Wilson "Uncle Arthur", and although never explicitly stated, it was often evident that Wilson and Pike's mother were having a relationship, which they unsuccessfully tried to hide, and Walmington is rife with gossip about the two of them. Wilson is often seen having meals at Mrs Pike's house with Frank, and Pike mentions several times that Wilson spends the night (although he believes he sleeps on the sofa, whilst Wilson accidentally lets slip that he was in fact in bed with Mrs Pike.) It was also occasionally suggested that Wilson was Pike's father (although the writers only acknowledged this in interviews after the programme ended). In an early episode when asked by Captain Mainwaring why Frank calls him "Uncle" when he is not a blood relation Wilson states that it was Mrs Pike who had insisted from an early age Frank call him "Uncle" and that this dates from a point in Frank's childhood when Frank had started to "accidentally" call Arthur Wilson "something else ...Daddy". He frequently threatens to set his mother on Mainwaring whenever he is shouted at or forced to do anything he doesn't want to do. He has the lowest position at Swallow bank, subordinate to both Wilson and Mainwaring.
Private James Frazer.
Frazer was played by John Laurie. The character was a dour Scottish coffin maker and a retired Chief Petty Officer in the Royal Navy who fought at the Battle of Jutland (although as a cook). Frazer was blunt, tight with money, and had a gloomy outlook on life; he would proclaim "We're doomed!" during bleak moments faced by the platoon. In the early episodes Frazer was the keeper of a philately shop, but by series four the writers had decided that he should become the local undertaker, in keeping with his gloomy nature. Openly eager for more power within the platoon, he sometimes led rebellions against Mainwaring; in response Mainwaring temporarily let Frazier take over as captain in "If the Cap Fits...". Frazer was the only member of the platoon to be portrayed as a villain in episodes such as "A Soldier's Farewell" and "The Two and a Half Feathers", though for the most part he was loyal and well-intentioned. He is one of the more competent members of the platoon.
Private Charles Godfrey.
Played by Arnold Ridley, Godfrey was the most frail member of the platoon, and as such was the platoon's medical orderly. He had served in the First World War as a conscientious-objecting stretcher bearer, winning the Military Medal before becoming a tailor at the Army & Navy Stores. Godfrey was an amiable, vague, lifelong bachelor who lived with his sisters in an idyllic cottage, and was a martyr to his weak bladder, leading to many requests to be "excused". He was very loyal to Captain Mainwaring, except on one occasion when he took part in a plot to make Mainwaring's feet hurt.
Non-platoon characters.
Chief Air Raid Precautions Warden William (Willie) Hodges.
Hodges (Bill Pertwee) is Captain Mainwaring's main rival and the main antagonist in Walmington-on-Sea. A greengrocer by trade, following outbreak of war he has been given power as Chief Air Raid Warden, and that power has gone to his head. He can be as pompous and officious as Mainwaring, but is more uncouth and coarse. Even the usually calm Godfrey tells Hodges he is a "rude, common and nasty fellow". He delights in antagonising the platoon, in particular Mainwaring, whom he calls "Napoleon". This rivalry increased after he was forced to share the church hall with Mainwaring after his headquarters was bombed. Unlike Mainwaring, Hodges "did" fight in the First World War. Hodges tries to take charge of important situations as an 'ARP matter' - however, as he also displays a cowardly streak, in any danger he is quick to transfer command back to Mainwaring and withdraw. In several episodes, Hodges refers to having "funny turns", which hints that his mental faculties are less than perfect. In many episodes, Hodges, and his co-conspirator, the verger, try to sabotage the platoon's efforts, usually at the command of Captain Square. but these efforts typically backfire - a running gag being that Hodges would be thrown into a lake or river.
In the episode "High Finance", Mrs Pike (Janet Davies) reveals that Hodges is her Landlord, and raised the rent on her house from one pound a month to two pounds a month, which she couldn't afford. He told her she could owe it, only to later say that she owed him fifty pounds in back rent, which he would forget if she was 'nice' to him. He claims to have 'admired Mrs Pike for years', although she is 'besotted' with Sergeant Arthur Wilson.
His feelings towards both Mainwaring and his wartime responsibilities were summed up in the episode "Time on my Hands":
Mrs. Mavis Pike.
Mrs. Mavis Pike (Janet Davies) was Pike's mother, who appeared in many episodes. She is fiercely protective of Pike and Wilson, to the point that she is accused of "mollycoddling" by Captain Mainwaring. Pike often claims his mother will be 'furious' whenever he gets wet or muddy whilst with the Home Guard. Pike often threatens to "tell mum" when Wilson will not let him get his own way, and tries to frighten Mainwaring by setting Mrs. Pike on him. She can be quite formidable when she wants to; in the episode The Making of Private Pike, Mainwaring threatened to arrest Pike and his mother vowed to Wilson that she would make the rest of his life a misery if he let Mainwaring take him away.
It is also implied very heavily that Mrs. Pike is Sergeant Arthur Wilson's lover, and there are many rumours of Pike being Wilson's son, a fact often pointed out to Wilson by Mainwaring. Both arrived from Weston-super-Mare around the same time. It is not clear if Mrs Pike is an actual widow, as her late husband has never been clearly mentioned, although Wilson admits as a child, Pike called him "daddy." Wilson claims that "She's a widow and she has my ration book and I go round to her house sometimes for meals... and that sort of thing" and there are instances in which people remark on the similarity of Sgt Wilson and Private Pike (in particular their mannerisms in the episode "Boots, Boots, Boots"). In the episode "Sgt. Wilson's Little Secret" Wilson agrees to marry Mrs Pike when the impending arrival of an evacuee child at the Pike household is miscommunicated to him in such a way that he believes Mrs. Pike to be pregnant. When the misunderstanding is resolved Sgt. Wilson jilts her at the altar - as is explained in the opening dialog of the next episode "A Stripe for Frazer". In the movie, Mrs. Pike is played by Liz Frazer.
The Reverend Timothy Farthing MA.
Farthing (Frank Williams) is the slightly ineffectual, but well-meaning vicar of St Aldhelm's Church, Walmington-on-Sea. Neither on the side of the Home Guard, nor the ARP Wardens, he attempts to care for "The spiritual needs of (his) parishioners", despite the many setbacks presented during the war, such as having to share his church hall and office with both the pompous Captain Mainwaring and the uncouth Warden Hodges. He is portrayed as a spiritual and learned man, and is shown to be a Master of Arts of the University of Oxford by his academic hood, worn in the episode "All Is Safely Gathered In". In many episodes he ends up embroiled in the escapades of the platoon, often by accident, and he joins the Home Guard briefly in "The Recruit". In the episode Time on My Hands it is revealed that his hobby is archery, when he uses his skills and equipment to rescue the platoon. This episode also includes one of many insinuations from Chief Warden Hodges that the slightly effeminate Vicar may have homosexual tendencies: "I've heard you're an expert in fairies". The Vicar's sexuality is left open to speculation but he is never seen to have a romantic attachment to anyone of either sex. The Reverend Timothy Farthing is also fond of whisky and there is a recurring gag (in pub situations) where Captain Mainwaring will offer to buy the Vicar a drink and the Vicar will respond "a double whisky (or scotch) please" at a time when whisky was in short supply and expensive. Just as Captain Mainwaring is resigning himself to pay for this expensive beverage the Verger will usually insist that Captain Mainwaring change "his Reverence's" order to a single rather than a double as "he's a martyr to it". When Mainwaring orders a single rather than a double the Vicar will then inform him that he has "noticed" this and insinuate that Captain Mainwaring is mean.
Maurice Yeatman.
Mr. Yeatman (Edward Sinclair) was the local verger and captain of the local Sea Scouts unit. Although his name is Maurice, in the episode 'War Dance,' Jones announces both he and his wife as "Mr. and Mrs. Henry Yeatman. He was often hostile to the platoon. Labelled a "troublemaker" by Jones, he is ridiculously loyal to the vicar, and his good friend Mr. Hodges. He is constantly asserting the Vicar's opinions on subjects often only to have the Vicar tell him to "be quiet, Mr Yeatman" and over-ride him or simply to restate what Mr Yeatman has already said in his own words. Often when the Verger puts forward a morally judgemental opinion the Vicar will respond that "I've really no idea". Apart from the menial task of cleaning the hall (Mr Yeatman is referred to in early episodes simply as "the caretaker" and almost always seen to be carrying a yellow duster) he occupies a position of complete political impotence and when the need for his presence at an event is questioned he will respond "I'm here in my capacity". Often when Captain Mainwaring and the Reverend Timothy Farthing or other members of the cast hand each other a physical MacGuffin important to the plot (for example the money in High Finance) the Verger will interject snatching the object off the person it has been given to only to hand it back to them in order to make clear his "important" but superfluous role in the administrative processes of the parish. Mr Yeatman is also in charge of counting the church collections after services which he often does in the "Red Lion" public house. Throughout the series, there are numerous insinuations from Lance-Corporal Jones and Chief Warden Hodges that Mr Yeatman is engaged in the systematic embezzlement of church funds, but the Vicar seems to be either in denial of this reality, too trusting and naive to believe it or he simply turns a blind eye.
Other platoon members.
In addition to the seven featured players, 1st Platoon 'B' Company also included a "Second Section" and a "Third Section" who filled the platoon up to size while on parade or display. The men of the platoon wear the cap badges of the Queen's Own Royal West Kent Regiment. The back rows rarely spoke, although according to Jimmy Perry instead of "extras", they were normally retired actors, playwrights or singers. A handful of platoon members had a secondary but significant role in particular episodes:-
Other members of the platoon were named as:
These were played by Leslie Noyes, Vic Taylor, Freddie White, Freddie Wiles, Hugh Cecil, Richard Jacques, Peter Whitaker, Alec Coleman, Frank Godfrey, Michael Moore, Evan Ross, William Gossling, Vernon Drake and Jimmy Mac.

</doc>
<doc id="5939292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939292" title="James Butler (American football)">
James Butler (American football)

James Oscar Butler, Jr. (born September 7, 1982 in Climax, Georgia) is currently a free agent American football safety in the National Football League. He was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Georgia Tech. Butler earned a Super Bowl ring with the Giants in Super Bowl XLII.
Early years.
Butler was a four-year letterman at Bainbridge High School in Bainbridge, Georgia, where he was the state champion in the triple jump as a sophomore. He was Class 5A honorable mention All-State selection as well as First-team All-Region and All-South Georgia. He had 69 tackles and two interceptions as a senior, following 54 tackles and four interceptions as a junior.
College career.
Butler was an American football free safety at Georgia Tech from 2001 to 2004. He was undrafted despite his highly decorated collegiate career. While at Georgia Tech, he majored in Building Construction. Butler, in four years, totaled 204 tackles, seven interceptions, ten pass breakups, four forced fumbles and blocked two field goals in his final two years as a starter at Georgia Tech, recorded 240 tackles in his career with the Yellow Jackets, was a semifinalist for the Jim Thorpe Award as the nation’s top defensive back as a senior in 2004, when he was named First-team All-ACC for the second straight season, was second on the team with 85 tackles along with two interceptions, four pass breakups, a forced fumble and a blocked field goal, was also named to the ACC All-Academic team for the second straight year. The most notable performance of Butler's career was in 2004 when Georgia Tech's defense held Maryland to only 81 yards of total offense.
Professional career.
New York Giants.
Butler saw action in 16 games during his rookie season in which he accumulated one start, plus the NFC Wild Card Game, tied for second on the team with 21 special teams tackles (19 solo). He recorded 18 tackles (14 solo), two interceptions, five passes defensed and one fumble recovery in play in dime packages. In 2006, Butler played in 14 regular season games with most of his action coming on special teams but he did see action in dime packages on defense and finished the season with 11 tackles (9 solo), 4 passes defensed and 12 special teams tackles. In Butler's third season (2007), the Giants defeated the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLII. Butler led the Giants with ten total tackles in the game. In all Butler played in 13 regular season games with 12 starts and started all 4 postseason games at strong safety and finished with 69 tackles (38 solo), 1 interception, 6 passes defensed, and 1 fumble recovery. Butler, played in 15 games with a career-high 14 starts in 2008 and he had 76 tackles (45 solo) and three interceptions and six passes defensed.
St. Louis Rams.
An unrestricted free agent in the 2009 offseason, Butler agreed to terms on a four-year $14 million contract, which could be worth almost $17 million if all incentives are met, with the St. Louis Rams on March 9. Butler who was good all-around safety for the Giants was particularly noted for his run support, "Butler is far stronger against the run than the pass and will be used as an "in the box" safety" for the Rams. The move reunited him with former Giants defensive coordinator and now former head coach of the Rams, Steve Spagnuolo.
Personal.
Butler was in an automobile accident just outside his hometown of Climax, Georgia on Thursday, May 8, 2008. He was traveling south on the highway in his Jeep Liberty when another motorist pulled out at an intersection in Butler's path. Butler ran into the side of the truck with his SUV, causing major damage to both vehicles. The other driver complained of extensive bruising to his side, but was not severely injured. Butler was treated by EMS personnel at the scene and released.
He currently resides in Atlanta with his fiance and son.

</doc>
<doc id="5939306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939306" title="Jennifer Eccleston">
Jennifer Eccleston

Jennifer Eccleston (born 1969) is an American television journalist, who has reported for all three major American cable news networks (CNN, Fox News and MSNBC).
External links.
www.jennifer-eccleston.com

</doc>
<doc id="5939318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939318" title="Fuel (disambiguation)">
Fuel (disambiguation)

Fuel is any material that can release energy, especially by burning.
Fuel may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5939320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939320" title="List of minor planets/125801–125900">
List of minor planets/125801–125900


</doc>
<doc id="5939327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939327" title="Olidan Hydroelectric Power Station">
Olidan Hydroelectric Power Station

Olidan Power Station () is a hydroelectric power station located in Trollhättan, Sweden. First opened in 1910, it was the first large scale attempt at generating electricity from water in Sweden. The construction of Olidan led to the founding of the "Kungliga Vattenfallsstyrelsen" (Royal Waterfall Board), which later became Vattenfall.
While the first four turbines were put into service in 1910, construction continued, and another four were put into operation by 1914. Due to increasing demand, as well as increasing capacity due to the regulation of Göta älv, another five were then built. By 1921, Olidan carried a total of 13 turbines. 10 of these are still functioning, while the other three were cannibalized for parts. However, it is currently rare for more than three to be generating at the one time. Each turbine has a capacity of 10 MW.
When Olidan were completed in 1924, planning began for Hojum Power Station, which came into service in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="5939330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939330" title="The Road Goes On Forever (The Allman Brothers Band album)">
The Road Goes On Forever (The Allman Brothers Band album)

The Road Goes On Forever was The Allman Brothers Band's first compilation album, a two-LP set released in 1975. It featured songs from the Allmans' first five albums. In 2001, an expanded edition was released featuring 13 more tracks. The album's title is a line from "Midnight Rider."

</doc>
<doc id="5939333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939333" title="Secure Network">
Secure Network

Secure Network is a small research and consulting company focusing on Information Security based near Milano, Italy. Besides having notability in Italy, it received international exposure with a research project on Bluetooth security (co-sponsored by F-Secure) codenamed BlueBag, which has been also selected for the Black Hat Briefings conference 2006 in Las Vegas.
It is also the organizer of SEaCURE.IT, the first international security conference ever held in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5939337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939337" title="List of minor planets/125901–126000">
List of minor planets/125901–126000


</doc>
<doc id="5939338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939338" title="Bischofstein Castle (Germany)">
Bischofstein Castle (Germany)

Bischofstein Castle () is a castle on the Moselle in Germany. The castle sits between Moselkern and Hatzenport and across from the borough of Burgen. It was a stronghold belonging to the Archbishops of Treves. A characteristic attribute of the castle are its tall cylindrical donjon tower girt round with a white plaster streak about halfway up and the ruined chapel adjoining it.
The castle was built in 1270, destroyed in 1689 and rebuilt again in 1930. It was purchased in 1954 by Fichte Gymnasium in Krefeld, Germany and currently serves as the school's retreat center.
Geography.
Burg Bischofstein lies across from Burgen, Germany about halfway up a steep mountainside. The German public highway B 416 runs below the Burg. This section of the road is also called Moselschieferstrasse. The closest large cities are Cochem, which lies about 25 km up the Moselle, and Koblenz, which lies about 35 km downriver.
To the north of the castle lies the plateau of Maifeld. The Baybach River, which carves gorges into the Hunsrück region of Rhineland-Palatinate, flowing into the Moselle across from Burg Bischofstein. The neighboring areas of Moselkern and Hatzenport are typical wine villages along the Moselle. Moselkern lies at the mouth of the Elzbach river, in the valley of which lies Burg Eltz. The wine makers of Hatzenport make a wine called "Burg Bischofstein".
History.
The Castle of the Holy Bishop Nicetius.
Folk tales and old Moselle-area historiographies allege that Burg Bischofstein began as the palace for the Holy Bishop Nicetius (527-566). These tales are based upon a poem by Bishop Venantius Fortunatus (530-~600), who traveled through the Rhine and Moselle regions with East Frankish King Chilbert around the year 566.
In the 22-verse comprehensive poem, which is entitled "De castello nicetil espiscopi Trevirensis super Mosellam", Fortunas describes the magnificent Castle of Nicetius as having 30 towers, a palace with marble columns and a mighty tower protecting it from across the Moselle.
One clue that the castle described in the poem is actually Burg Bishofstein comes from a torn piece of parchment written by historian Browner in 1670 which references the poem's title "De castello Bischofstein super Mosellam aB. Nicetio extrueto". The validity of this parchment was already being debated in the mid 18th century by historian and auxiliary bishop Johann Nikolaus von Hontheim. The actual location of the Castle of Nicetius is unknown, but it is accepted that it is somewhere in the Kobern region of Germany. In any case, it is no longer accepted as the precursor for Burg Bischofstein.
1270 to 1824.
Burg Bischofstein was probably built in 1270. Archbishop Arnold II. von Isenburg is often cited as the builder, but this is doubtful, as he was appointed Archbishop in 1242. By this time, Archdeacon of Trier Heinrich von Bolanden, who is documented as completing the construction of Burg Bischofstein. This comes from a document dated June 10, 1242 in which von Bolanden promised to replace the Monasteries of Laach and Rumerdorf Schulden. This document was approved by Pope Innocent IV himself on October 29, 1246.
The original builders are unknown. It is known, however, that Heinrich von Bolanden bought the half-completed Burg and paid for the rest of the construction himself. This is confirmed in a document dated September 11, 1273. In this document, von Bolanden bequeathed the completed Burg Bischofstein unto the Church of Trier. The conditions of the bestowal were such that he and all subsequent holders of his office would have a lifelong abode and that they should keep feudal responsibility over the Burg. As a reward for von Bolanden all of the then accepted feudal duties were fulfilled.
His successor Hermann von Weilnau granted Arch Bishop Peter von Nassau the fee-simple to Burg Bischofstein in 1303. In the event of war, Burg Bischofstein was at the Arch Bishop's disposal. Heinrich von Pfaffendorf, the third Archdeacon of Bischofstein, pledged in 1329 that:
Other successors were Gottfried von Brandenburg and Friedrich Pfalzgraf bei Rhein. After 1501 there is no record of investiture.
It is said that in 1552 Markgraf Albrecht von Brandenburg attempted, without success, to besiege Bischofstein. This is, however, undocumented.
The Thirty Years' War negatively affected the Moselle. For example, on October 26, 1631, Louis XIV left the nearby village of Münstermaifeld destroyed. Despite this, a detailed visitor log in the Burg's chapel from 1680 indicates that Burg Bischofstein endured the war without damage. In 1688, during the War of the Grand Alliance, Louis XIV sent troops to weaken the Palatinate following its refusal to ratify the Truce of Regensburg. These French troops succeeded in destroying Burg Bischofstein in 1689.
In 1794 the French annexed part of the Rhineland and the French regime liquidated many of the Church's possessions because they were seen as French national property. The ruins of Burg Bischofstein, which at that time belong to the St. Castor monastery in Karden, were treated as such. They were sold at a state auction to the winemaker Nicolaus Artz on September 29, 1803.
In 1824 it was reported that a house with seven inhabitants was built at the site of the ruins. After this the ownership of the ruins is unknown.
1880 to today.
Until 1880 the castle lay in ruins. At this time the Burg belonged to the Bienen family from Rheinberg. On 11 April 1930 the heirs sold the castle to a businessman from Darmstadt named Erich Deku, who wanted to rebuild the castle for use as a summer home. It was not reconstructed, but used the preserved walls newly erected. In order to achieve this, builders had to create a pathway for construction vehicles. This partly required rock blasting. Deku furnished the Burg with an extensive art collection. Below the castle, he discovered a polyptych from 1530.
The reconstruction that stands today was completed by the Neuerburg family from Trier in 1938. Aenny Neuerburg bought the Burg at auction when bankruptcy proceedings against Deku were opened in 1936. The entire art collection was included in the offer.
From 1941 to 1946 the Burg served as a sanitorium for soldiers and as a hospital and refugee safehouse under the leadership of Aenny Neuerburg. Mrs. Neuerburg's son Raymond then took over the leadership position and with his family operated a hostel for foreigners. After Aenny's death the Neuerburg family put the Burg up for sale.
On 29 June 1954 the Schullandheimverein (association for the construction of a school retreat center) of Fichte Gymnasium in Krefeld bought the Burg for only 80,000 DM (about $360,000 today). They then began to construct the retreat center.
Today, Burg Bischofstein is a designated and protected historical spot; not as an 800 year old castle, but as an example of the architectural style of the 1930s.
Burg Bischofstein as a Retreat Center.
Every year, Classes 5-9 and 11 from Fichte Gymnasium travel to Burg Bischofstein. Schools all around Germany also visit the Burg. During vacations the Burg is used predominantly by vacationing groups. Class reunions are also held there. A stay at the castle is a special experience for exchange students from many different countries.
Background.
At the beginning of the 1950s the Fichte Gymnasium in Krefeld began searching for its own retreat center. The newly formed „Schullandheim Fichte-Gymnasium e. V.“ (association for the construction of a school retreat center) saw Burg Bischofstein, with its structural condition and spacious layout, as most fitting.
On 29 June 1954 the executor of the late Mrs. Neuerburg's will approved the purchase of Burg Bischofstein. The transfer of ownership took place on 1 July 1954. The very same year, with great effort, the most basic facilities were purchased and the bedrooms, living rooms and the kitchen were renovated and equipped. The first visitors of the Burg were members of the 12th grade because several of the students had shown good technical skills. They painted, performed small repairs, and ensured that the Burg would be prepared for future visits. Since then, students from Fichte Gymnasium have enjoyed the pleasures of staying at Burg Bischofstein.
Until 1980 the Burg was only open to students from Fichte Gymnasium. At the beginning of the 1980s, for financial reasons, the Burg was opened to other schools in Krefeld and then to other groups and schools. Today students from virtually all regions in Germany visit Burg Bischofstein.
In the summer of 2004, the Burg celebrated its 50th year as a retreat center: "50 Jahre Schullandheim Burg Bischofstein".
Use.
Today the Burg has a 12-bed dormitory and other dormitories, 2 rooms for teachers, a dining/meeting hall, a rec room with foosball and ping-pong tables, a kitchen, and storage rooms. The caretaker's residence is under the rec room.
Tower.
The 20 meter tall tower is easily recognizable by the white ring about halfway up its height. The ring is a remaining piece of plaster. In the Middle Ages, it was common for castle towers to be completely plastered. Hundreds of years' weathering washed most of the plaster away. At the height of the ring there was originally a wooden parapet which was destroyed by fire in 1689 and so burned itself into the wall of the tower.
Renovation.
In 1997 the tower underwent a renovation. The battlements were newly reinforced and the tower platform was completely reconstructed. Wooden steps were constructed inside the tower in the architectural style of the Middle Ages and today, visitors to Burg Bischofstein can climb to the top of the tower and enjoy the beautiful view of the Moselle Valley. The city flag of Krefeld flies at the tower summit.
Stories about the Tower.
Through history, many tales have been spun about the tower and its white ring. One explains that bands of robbers regularly attacked tradesmen on the trade route that the Burg protected. To put an end to this, Bischof von Trier put the ring around the tower, and said that every captured robber would be then hanged from it to demonstrate to others what would become of those of this kind”.
Another story claims that there was a huge flood and the ring marks the high-water mark, while another version asserts that Bischof von Trier once freed the tower's Lord from the flood. To thank him for this, the Lord fixed the ring to the tower as a symbol of the "Bischof's ring" and at the flood level of the Moselle.
External links.
Pictures:
Information:

</doc>
<doc id="5939345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939345" title="Dagmar Koller">
Dagmar Koller

Dagmar Koller (born August 26, 1939) is an Austrian actress and singer.
Born in Klagenfurt, she is recognized as the leading German language musical star of her time. She married Austrian journalist and politician, Helmut Zilk, in 1978, and became the first lady of Vienna while he served as mayor. During this time she maintained her active career as a musical star, playing the roles of Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady and Dulcinea in Man of La Mancha, while also hosting her own television show. As First Lady of Vienna she received such international luminaries as Prince Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales, Frank Sinatra, Liza Minnelli, 
Plácido Domingo, and American First Lady, Nancy Reagan. She is credited with having saved her husband's life after a letter bomb explosion in their private residence.

</doc>
<doc id="5939346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939346" title="Steve Finnieston">
Steve Finnieston

Steve Finnieston (born 30 November 1954 in Edinburgh) is a retired Scottish footballer who played during the 1970s and 1980s, most notably for Chelsea.
A striker, Finnieston first joined Chelsea as a 12-year old. He signed professional forms in December 1971. He made his debut for the club in a 1-1 draw with Leicester City in 1975 and spent time on loan at Cardiff City during the same season. He didn't establish himself as a regular in the Chelsea first-team until 1976-77. That season was his most prolific, as he struck up an impressive partnership with Kenny Swain and scored 24 league goals, including a crucial winner against promotion rivals Nottingham Forest and a final day hat-trick against Hull City.
Chelsea were promoted back to the First Division at the end of the season but thereafter the goals dried up, though he did score in Chelsea's unexpected 4-2 win over European champions Liverpool in the FA Cup third round. He joined Sheffield United in June 1978 and scored four goals for them in 23 appearances.
Finnieston retired from professional football in 1980 at the age of 25 due to injury. He made a comeback a year later in non-league football with Addlestone
and Hartley Wintney. He also played and scored in a friendly for Camberley Town in August 1991 but he never played a competitive game for the club.
He later became a postman and worked as a sales rep for Travis Perkins until 2006. He is now self-employed.

</doc>
<doc id="5939353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939353" title="More Lovin' from Our Oven">
More Lovin' from Our Oven

"More Lovin' From Our Oven" is a compilation of singles, unreleased tracks, demos and other rare songs by queercore band Pansy Division.
Track listing.
21. Story So Far (Demo)

</doc>
<doc id="5939385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939385" title="LB&amp;SCR C1 class">
LB&amp;SCR C1 class

The London, Brighton and South Coast Railway (LB&SCR) C1 class was a type of 0-6-0 freight steam locomotive designed by William Stroudley.
Construction and use.
The twelve locomotives in the class were built by Brighton Works between 1882 and 1887, based upon Stroudley's disappointing C class 0-6-0 design of 1873–74, but incorporating a larger boiler. However, the new locomotives were not as successful as Stroudley's designs for passenger locomotives and no further examples were built. Their comparatively short lives were spent hauling freight trains on the LB&SCR. Most of the members of the class were withdrawn between 1907 and 1911, but two examples survived until 1920 and 1924 respectively. One locomotive (number 428) was sold to the Stratford-on-Avon & Midland Junction Railway, and survived until June 1925. 

</doc>
<doc id="5939387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939387" title="List of minor planets/126001–126100">
List of minor planets/126001–126100


</doc>
<doc id="5939393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939393" title="Tomasz Adamek">
Tomasz Adamek

Tomasz Adamek (; born 1 December 1976) is a Polish professional heavyweight boxer. He is a former WBC Light Heavyweight Champion and former IBF, IBO & The Ring Cruiserweight Champion, and IBF North American Heavyweight champion.
Adamek is the first Polish winner of the "Muhammad Ali Giant Athlete Award" and The Ring's Championship Belt.
Early life and amateur career.
Adamek was born in Żywiec, Poland. He began boxing at age 12 in boxing club Góral Żywiec with his trainers Stefan Gawron and Stanisław Orlicki.
Amateur highlights.
Adamek amateur boxing record is 120 fights, 112 wins and 8 losses 
Professional career.
Adamek made his professional boxing debut on 13 March 1999 in Manchester, England against Israel Khumalo. He won by TKO in the first round.
Light Heavyweight.
Light Heavyweight Champion.
Adamek won the vacant WBC Light Heavyweight title defeating Paul "Firepower" Briggs by majority decision on 21 May 2005. The fight was described by some as one of the most brutal in recent memory, as Briggs suffered a large cut above his left eye early in the fight and Adamek bled profusely from his nose for much of the fight as well. Adamek tended to be the aggressor and won the fight. 
On 15 October 2005, he defended his title against German boxer Thomas Ulrich by knockout in Round 6.
He then defended his title in a rematch with Paul Briggs in 2006, again winning by majority decision.
After the fight Jim Lampley said that Adamek vs Briggs I and II was the best combined 24 rounds he has ever seen.
Adamek vs Dawson.
Undefeated Adamek with 31-0 (21 KO) lost his first fight by unanimous decision to "Bad" Chad Dawson on 3 February 2007. During that fight, Adamek was knocked down in the seventh round; this was only the second time in his career he has been knocked down (upon slow-motion replay, Adamek was shown to have tripped on Dawson's foot after the body shot). Adamek, well behind on points, provided some drama by suddenly dropping Dawson in the 10th round but Dawson fended off the onslaught that followed, and won a clear-cut points decision. Immediately following the loss to Dawson, Adamek decided to move up in the cruiserweight division.
Cruiserweight.
After losing to Dawson, Adamek moved up to cruiserweight to beat Luis Andres Pineda by technical knockout in round seven. He defeated Josip Jalusic on 29 December 2007 in Germany.
Adamek vs. Bell.
On April 19, 2008 in Poland, Adamek fought former undisputed cruiserweight champion O'Neil Bell in an IBF Cruiserweight title eliminator. Adamek floored Bell in round one and had good success by outboxing Bell. Bell opted not to come out for round eight, citing that he felt dizzy and ill.
Winning the cruiserweight title.
In December 2008 he fought the then reigning champion Steve Cunningham at the Prudential Center in Newark, N.J. Knocking a game Cunningham down three times, he won the IBF & vacant Ring Magazine Cruiserweight titles in a bout many thought was the fight of the year.
Adamek successfully defended his title against Johnathon Banks on 27 February 2009, at the Prudential Center in Newark. He won with a brutal TKO in the 8th Round. He then went on to defeat Bobby Gunn before a large crowd at the Prudential Center on July 11, 2009, with the referee stopping the bout at the ring physician's advice between rounds four and five.
He vacated the IBF title on October 18, 2009, choosing to move up to the heavyweight division.
Heavyweight.
On October 24, 2009 in Łódź, Poland, Adamek defeated Andrew Golota by TKO in the fifth round to win the IBF "International" Heavyweight Title. Then, on February 7, 2010 in Newark's Prudential Center he defeated Jason Estrada by unanimous decision after 12 rounds.
Adamek (40-1; 27 KO) then took on fellow heavyweight contender Chris Arreola (28-1; 25 KO) on April 24, 2010, at the Citizens Business Bank Arena in Ontario, California California. The bout was televised as part of "Boxing After Dark". The Polish fighter won a twelve-round majority decision, with the scores of 114-114, 115-113 and 117-111. A day before the bout, Arreola weighed 250½ pounds, while Adamek was 217.
Adamek defeated veteran American Michael Grant by unanimous decision on August 21, 2010. In his first fight of 2011, Adamek defeated Irishman Kevin McBride by a wide unanimous decision.
On September 10, 2011 Adamek faced the WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko in Poland, losing by TKO in the 10th round. The referee stopped the bout after Adamek received punishing blows and was ruled out, as he was no longer able to defend himself.
Adamek returned on March 24, 2012 after signing a contract with Main Events. Adamek defeated by unanimous decision "Dominican Dynamite" Nagy Aguilera.
He next fought on the date of June 16, 2012 against Eddie Chambers in Prudential Center and won by unanimous decision.
Adamek defeated Travis Walker on September 8, 2012 via fifth round technical knockout at 1:51 due to a stopage by the referee.
Adamek defeated Steve Cunningham in a very close and somewhat controversial split decision on December 22, 2012. Initially, the result was a draw, but after noticing a mathematical miscalculation in the judges scorecards, Adamek was declared the winner.
On March 15, 2014 Adamek was defeated by Vyacheslav Glazkov and lost his IBF North America Heavyweight title by unanimous decision after 12 rounds.
External links.
!colspan="3" style="background:#C1D8FF;"| Regional championship

</doc>
<doc id="5939398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939398" title="List of minor planets/126101–126200">
List of minor planets/126101–126200


</doc>
<doc id="5939399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939399" title="European League of Stuttering Associations">
European League of Stuttering Associations

The European League of Stuttering Associations (ELSA) was set up in 1990 by organisations in 12 countries to promote a greater knowledge and understanding of stuttering and to bring together, as a top umbrella organisation, the national stuttering self-help organisations of Europe. 
ELSA is a trans-national, cross-cultural organisation. It seeks resources only open to multi-national groups, extends the exchange-of-information network, and lobbies for stutterers at a prominent international level. 
Its main roles are: 
ELSA's work has been recognised by the International Labour Office in Geneva, the World Health Organisation in Geneva and the United Nations Office in Vienna. ELSA is also a founding member of the European Disability Forum, an umbrella disability organisation based in Brussels.
Governance.
The current executive board consists of Edwin Farr MBE (Chair), Anita Blom (Vice-Chair) and Richard Bourgondiën (Webmaster).
Publications.
The Association publishes a newsletter, "One Voice", which is published twice a year and is a joint project with the International Stuttering Association.
International Stuttering Awareness Day (ISAD).
Together with the International Fluency Association and the International Stuttering Association, the International Stuttering Association celebrates, every 22 October, International Stuttering Awareness Day (ISAD) which includes an online conference on stuttering and a media campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="5939406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939406" title="Critical path method">
Critical path method

The critical path method (CPM) is an algorithm for scheduling a set of project activities.
History.
The critical path method (CPM) is a project modeling technique developed in the late 1950s by Morgan R. Walker of DuPont and James E. Kelley, Jr. of Remington Rand. Kelley and Walker related their memories of the development of CPM in 1989. Kelley attributed the term "critical path" to the developers of the Program Evaluation and Review Technique which was developed at about the same time by Booz Allen Hamilton and the U.S. Navy. The precursors of what came to be known as Critical Path were developed and put into practice by DuPont between 1940 and 1943 and contributed to the success of the Manhattan Project.
CPM is commonly used with all forms of projects, including construction, aerospace and defense, software development, research projects, product development, engineering, and plant maintenance, among others. Any project with interdependent activities can apply this method of mathematical analysis. Although the original CPM program and approach is no longer used, the term is generally applied to any approach used to analyze a project network logic diagram.
Basic technique.
The essential technique for using CPM is to construct a model of the project that includes the following:
Using these values, CPM calculates the longest path of planned activities to logical end points or to the end of the project, and the earliest and latest that each activity can start and finish without making the project longer. This process determines which activities are "critical" (i.e., on the longest path) and which have "total float" (i.e., can be delayed without making the project longer). In project management, a critical path is the sequence of project network activities which add up to the longest overall duration. This determines the shortest time possible to complete the project. Any delay of an activity on the critical path directly impacts the planned project completion date (i.e. there is no float on the critical path). A project can have several, parallel, near critical paths. An additional parallel path through the network with the total durations shorter than the critical path is called a sub-critical or non-critical path.
CPM analysis tools allow a user to select a logical end point in a project and quickly identify its longest series of dependent activities (its longest path). These tools can display the critical path (and near critical path activities if desired) as a cascading waterfall that flows from the project's start (or current status date) to the selected logical end point.
Although the activity-on-arrow diagram ("PERT Chart") is still used in a few places, it has generally been superseded by the activity-on-node diagram, where each activity is shown as a box or node and the arrows represent the logical relationships going from predecessor to successor as shown here in the "Activity-on-node diagram".
In this diagram, Activities A, B, C, D, and E comprise the critical or longest path, while Activities F, G, and H are off the critical path with floats of 15 days, 5 days, and 20 days respectively. Whereas activities that are off the critical path have float and are therefore not delaying completion of the project, those on the critical path will usually have critical path drag, i.e., they delay project completion. The drag of a critical path activity can be computed using the following formula:
These results, including the drag computations, allow managers to prioritize activities for the effective management of project completion, and to shorten the planned critical path of a project by pruning critical path activities, by "fast tracking" (i.e., performing more activities in parallel), and/or by "crashing the critical path" (i.e., shortening the durations of critical path activities by adding resources).
Crash duration.
"Crash duration" is a term referring to the shortest possible time for which an activity can be scheduled. It is achieved by shifting more resources towards the completion of that activity, resulting in decreased time spent and often a reduced quality of work, as the premium is set on speed.
Crash duration is typically modeled as a linear relationship between cost and activity duration, however in many cases a convex function or a step function is more applicable.
Expansion.
Originally, the critical path method considered only logical dependencies between terminal elements. Since then, it has been expanded to allow for the inclusion of resources related to each activity, through processes called activity-based resource assignments and resource leveling. A resource-leveled schedule may include delays due to resource bottlenecks (i.e., unavailability of a resource at the required time), and may cause a previously shorter path to become the longest or most "resource critical" path. A related concept is called the critical chain, which attempts to protect activity and project durations from unforeseen delays due to resource constraints.
Since project schedules change on a regular basis, CPM allows continuous monitoring of the schedule, which allows the project manager to track the critical activities, and alerts the project manager to the possibility that non-critical activities may be delayed beyond their total float, thus creating a new critical path and delaying project completion. In addition, the method can easily incorporate the concepts of stochastic predictions, using the program evaluation and review technique (PERT) and event chain methodology.
Currently, there are several software solutions available in industry that use the CPM method of scheduling, see list of project management software. The method currently used by most project management software is based on a manual calculation approach developed by Fondahl of Stanford University.
Flexibility.
A schedule generated using critical path techniques often is not realised precisely, as estimations are used to calculate times: if one mistake is made, the results of the analysis may change. This could cause an upset in the implementation of a project if the estimates are blindly believed, and if changes are not addressed promptly. However, the structure of critical path analysis is such that the variance from the original schedule caused by any change can be measured, and its impact either ameliorated or adjusted for. Indeed, an important element of project postmortem analysis is the As Built Critical Path (ABCP), which analyzes the specific causes and impacts of changes between the planned schedule and eventual schedule as actually implemented.

</doc>
<doc id="5939415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939415" title="Ray Tolbert">
Ray Tolbert

Raymond Lee "Ray" Tolbert (born September 10, 1958) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the New Jersey Nets in the 1st round (18th overall) of the 1981 NBA Draft. A 6'9" power forward from Indiana University, Tolbert played in five NBA seasons for six different teams. He played for the Nets, Seattle SuperSonics, Detroit Pistons, New York Knicks, Los Angeles Lakers and Atlanta Hawks.
During the senior year of his collegiate career in 1981, starters Tolbert, Landon Turner, Isiah Thomas, Randy Wittman, and Ted Kitchel led Indiana to its fourth NCAA championship and Coach Bob Knight's second.
In his NBA career, he played in 261 games and scored a total of 928 points.
He later became the coach of the ABA's Anderson Champions.

</doc>
<doc id="5939421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939421" title="Willemsbrug">
Willemsbrug

The Willemsbrug is a bridge next to the Erasmusbrug in the centre of Rotterdam, spanning the Nieuwe Maas. It links the northern part of the city with the "Noordereiland" and (in combination with the Koninginnebrug) the district of "Feijenoord".
The Willemsbrug is a cable-stayed bridge with a total span of about 318 meters. It is painted in a red color which puts it in sharp contrast with the light blue painted Erasmus Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="5939433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939433" title="William Walsh (archbishop of Dublin)">
William Walsh (archbishop of Dublin)

William Joseph Walsh (30 January 1841 – 9 April 1921) served as the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin from 3 July 1885 until his death in 1921. He was born in 11 Essex Quay in Dublin. He was educated at St. Laurence O’Toole Seminary School, Harcourt St., Dublin, the Catholic University of Ireland and St. Patrick's College, Maynooth where he became Professor of Theology in 1867. He was appointed vice-president of Maynooth in 1878 and president in 1880 until he was appointed Archbishop of Dublin.
He was sympathetic to Irish Nationalism and advocated Home Rule and agrarian land reform. 
Walsh served on the Senate of the Royal University of Ireland (1883–4) and as part of the Commission of National Education (1885–1901).
He was appointed Chancellor of the newly founded National University of Ireland in 1908, a position he held until he died when he was succeeded by Éamon de Valera.

</doc>
<doc id="5939436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939436" title="List of minor planets/126201–126300">
List of minor planets/126201–126300


</doc>
<doc id="5939443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939443" title="List of minor planets/126301–126400">
List of minor planets/126301–126400


</doc>
<doc id="5939447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939447" title="Hojum Hydroelectric Power Station">
Hojum Hydroelectric Power Station

Hojum Power Station (alt. Håjum Power Station) is the second hydroelectric power station in Trollhättan, the first one being the older Olidan Power Station. While the first two turbines were taken into service in 1938, a third one was built and started in 1992. The first two are rated at 50 MW, while the third is rated at 70 MW.
The station is mainly located underground in a large mountain hall. This design was chosen because of the political instability in Europe at the time, which later led to the second world war. The relatively small building above ground was drawn by the Swedish architect Erik Hahr.

</doc>
<doc id="5939453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939453" title="List of minor planets/126401–126500">
List of minor planets/126401–126500


</doc>
<doc id="5939465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939465" title="List of minor planets/126501–126600">
List of minor planets/126501–126600


</doc>
<doc id="5939471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939471" title="Johnny Menyongar">
Johnny Menyongar

Johnny Menyongar (born 26 June 1980) is a Liberian footballer who last played for Bengaluru FC in India's I-League.
Career.
College.
Menyongar came to the United States from his native Liberia in 1998 and played college soccer at NAIA Lindsey Wilson College, leading the team to the NAIA Division III national championship.
United States.
Menyongar signed his first professional contract in 2000 with Minnesota Thunder after impressing at a tryout camp. Menyongar spent the first six seasons of his professional career with Minnesota, totaling 50 regular-season goals in addition to many playoff and Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup tallies. He helped the Thunder to the 2003 A-League championship game and scored five goals as Minnesota reached the semifinals of the 2005 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup.
In November 2005, Menyongar signed with the Rochester Raging Rhinos, where he was chosen as team MVP in 2008 and 2009. Prior to the 2010 season, he became the first signing for the new club NSC Minnesota Stars.
India.
In February 2011, Menyongar was recruited by Baichung Bhutia to play for United Sikkim FC in their inaugural professional season and in the 2011 I-League 2nd Division he scored 13 goals in 13 games. In June 2011 he announced that he would move to Shillong Lajong F.C. in the I-League.
Then on 3 January 2013 it was officially announced that Menyongar had signed for reigning I-League champions Dempo S.C. for the rest of the season. He made his debut for the club against United Sikkim F.C. on 19 January 2013 at home in which Dempo won 7–0.
Bengaluru FC.
On 13 July 2013 it was confirmed that Menyongar had signed for new direct-entry I-League side Bengaluru FC for the 2013–14 season. He made his debut for the team in the teams very first ever official match against Mohun Bagan in the I-League on 22 September 2013 at the Bangalore Football Stadium. He played the full match as Bengaluru FC drew the game 1–1. He then scored his first goal for the club on 26 November 2013 against Salgaocar at the Duler Stadium in which his 21st minute strike set Bengaluru FC up for a 2–1 victory – their first away victory in team history.
Soon after he scored his second goal of the season on 11 December 2013 in the I-League against Mohammedan in which his 21st minute strike gave Bengaluru FC the early 1–0 lead which would eventually turn into a 3–2 victory.
Menyongar went on to win the I-League in Bengaluru FC's first season in the league, however, after the season ended he was released by the team. He started in 23 of the sides 24 matches that season.
International.
Menyongar made his international debut with Liberia in 1995. Menyongar has played in two qualifying matches for the 2002 FIFA World Cup, and played in two matches at the 2002 African Nations Cup. Menyongar played four matches during the team's qualifying campaign for the 2006 FIFA World Cup, but the team lost 0–2 against Senegal. He also captained the team from 2004–2006.
On official Liberian rosters, he is listed as John Menyongai.

</doc>
<doc id="5939473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939473" title="Renault D-Type engine">
Renault D-Type engine

The D-Type engine is a straight-4 automobile engine from Renault designed to replace the venerable Renault Cléon engine in the Renault Twingo.
History.
The D Engine was designed simply because the "Energy Engine 1.2 Clio by design with its hemispherical cylinder head exhaust up to the front of the head could not fit under the hood early Twingo. The launch of the Twingo 1993 Renault was not thought too the success of this small car, at that time , the Energy engine had recently appeared, it was unthinkable to conceive another engine displacement and power equivalently, the design of an engine generates several years of study and costs are considerable. So to launch its Twingo in 1993, Renault 's legendary spring and proven Cléon-Fonte engine in an exclusive engine ( 1,239 cm3) , which it could fit under the hood of the little Renault , equipping a of single point injection system. The Cleon-Fonte engine is an old design , since it has a lateral camshaft (with rockers and pushrods ) , this engine appeared in 1962 on Renault Floride and Renault 8.
For 1997 , new standards pollution should be applied. Renault could have kept his Cléon-Fonte 1.2 on the Twingo and its Energy engine 1.2 on the Clio , applying changes to its engines, including equipping each multipoint injections, but rather than investing fees studies on two different engines and before the unexpected success of Twingo, it is preferable to opt for a new engine that could both be mounted on the Twingo as the Clio , hence the birth of the "D Engine" . This new engine will be produced D7F1 kind Douvrin by the "Société Française de Mécanique" .
The D engine will be equipped as the Energy engine a hemispherical cylinder head incorporating the camshaft , but exhaust will be placed at the back of the head, in order to get under the hood of the Twingo. On machining cylinder engine has no removable shirts as was the case in Cléon-Fonte engine and Energy engine.
The D7F engine will equip from 1996, the Twingo and Clio 1. It will also be under the hood of the Express Kangoo 1 and Clio 2, Twingo 2 .
D7F.
First produced in July 1996, the D7F displaced nominal 1.2 L () and produced at 5250 rpm and at 2500 rpm. It had sequential multipoint fuel injection.
Applications:
D7D.
The D7D was a 1.0 8V L () version.
Applications:
D4F.
The D7F was succeeded by the D4F in December 2000. It was the same displacement but added 16-valve heads for at 5500 rpm and at 4250 rpm.
Applications:
D4FT.
In an effort to produce a cost-effective fuel efficient engine Renault introduced a turbocharged version of the D4F, the D4FT, in 2007. Renault named it the 1.2 TCE (Turbo Control Efficiency).
This engine features revised 16-valve heads and stronger internals to handle the higher stress caused by turbocharging, resulting in at 5500 rpm and at 3000 rpm.
Renault created the break by suggesting downsizing on petrol engines, with the range of TCe engines (Turbo Control efficiency). Tce engine - TCe 100, the best petrol engine due to its driving pleasure and moderate fuel consumption. The TCe petrol engine (Turbo Control efficiency) offers the power output of a 1.4L engine, the torque of a 1.6L engine and the fuel consumption of a 1.2L engine. It is responsive, flexible and has power in reserve while displaying the lowest fuel consumption figures for a petrol engine. It emits only 137 g/Km of CO2 on Clio 3 and 140 g/km of CO2 on Modus and the Twingo GT. These unique qualities are obtained thanks to the combination of a 1.2L capacity engine with a low inertia turbocharger whose response time is reduced to the minimum, through the use of a turbine and a small diameter compressor.It produces 91 to 107 PS (90 to 106 hp) and .
The turbocharger includes an "overpower" feature which temporarily boosts power output in 2nd, 3rd and 4th gears at engine speeds of more than 4,500rpm (5hp extra power and 6Nm extra torque).
It is fitted to the following vehicles:

</doc>
<doc id="5939476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939476" title="Absurd Pop Song Romance">
Absurd Pop Song Romance

Absurd Pop Song Romance is an album by queercore band Pansy Division.

</doc>
<doc id="5939477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939477" title="List of minor planets/126601–126700">
List of minor planets/126601–126700


</doc>
<doc id="5939479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939479" title="Queenie Watts">
Queenie Watts

Queenie Watts (21 July 1926, London, England – 25 January 1980 London, England) was an English actress and singer of film and television.
She appeared in many British films, including the Joan Littlewood production "Sparrers Can't Sing" (1963) as herself in "Portrait of Queenie" (1964), featuring in scenes set around Poplar and the Isle of Docks and in the Iron Bridge Tavern, Millwall, which she ran in real life and in which she starred in the TV series "Stars and Garters" (1963). She also appeared in the film version of "Up the Junction" (1968), in Ken Loache's "Poor Cow" (1967) and as a pub landlady in "All Coppers Are.." (1972) and in television programmes through the 1960s and 1970s, including the successful, but critically panned, "Romany Jones" (1972–75) and its sequel "Yus, My Dear" (1976) in which Arthur Mullard featured as her husband. She appeared in three episodes of the "Play for Today" anthology series for the BBC, including "Waterloo Sunset" transmitted on 23 January 1979. 
Portrait of Queenie, in which she sang original compositions by James Stevens brought forth a vinyl record of the same name.
Watts appeared in "Dad's Army" in the role of Mrs Edna Peters, also in several episodes of "Dixon of Dock Green" in different roles, in two episodes of "Callan" (appearing as the Aunt of petty crook Lonely, played by Russell Hunter), and in the comedy-drama "Beryl's Lot" (1973–75) and one episode of "Steptoe and Son" (1972).
Watts also appeared with Arthur Mullard, again as a married couple, and the "On the Buses" cast in the 1973 film "Holiday on the Buses".
She ran pubs (including the Iron Bridge Tavern, East India Dock Road, London and the Rose and Crown, Pennyfields, Poplar) with her husband, "Slim Watts", where she also sang and played piano with an eight-piece band to pull in more customers. She appeared in the 1966 film version of "Alfie", singing "Goodbye, Dolly Gray" in a memorable, riotous bar-room brawl sequence.
Queenie Watts died from cancer in 1980, aged 53.
Further Reading.
"Keeping the British End Up: Four Decades of Saucy Cinema" by Simon Sheridan (Titan Books) (4th edition) (published 2011)

</doc>
<doc id="5939490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939490" title="List of minor planets/126701–126800">
List of minor planets/126701–126800


</doc>
<doc id="5939496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939496" title="Dawan Landry">
Dawan Landry

Dawan Frank Landry (born December 30, 1982) is an American football strong safety for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted in the fifth round of the 2006 NFL Draft by the Baltimore Ravens. He played college football at Georgia Tech.
College career.
While at Georgia Tech, he majored in Management. Dawan was a quarterback at Hahnville High School; he originally was redshirted to play quarterback in college but changed positions. Dawan, in four years, had 250 tackles, 12.5 tackles for loss, 7 interceptions, and four fumble recoveries. The most notable performance of Dawan's career was against Auburn in 2005 when he accumulated 10 tackles and an interception to help defeat the Tigers at Jordan-Hare Stadium 24-13.
Professional career.
Baltimore Ravens.
Landry was selected by the Baltimore Ravens in the fifth round (146th overall) in the 2006 NFL Draft. Dawan's rookie season for the Baltimore Ravens saw him earn a starting spot in the defensive secondary alongside fellow safety Ed Reed. Dawan had a stellar rookie season, standing out on the league's #1 ranked Defense by collecting 69 tackles, 3 sacks, 6 passes defensed, and 5 interceptions for 101 yards and one touchdown.
In his second season with the Ravens, 2007, he finished the campaign with 82 tackles, 1 sack, and 6 passes defensed, having the third most tackles on the defense, behind Bart Scott and Ray Lewis.
His third season in 2008 got off to a promising start, recording 11 tackles in the first two games of the season. However, in the second game, against the Cleveland Browns, he suffered what could have been a career-ending spinal concussion injury, tackling former Baltimore Raven Jamal Lewis. He was later judged to be okay, but his season was ended, as he was replaced by backup Jim Leonhard. He would miss out, as the Ravens would go on to advance to the AFC Championship.
In the 2009 offseason, he got himself back in game shape, and was read to take back his starting job. By all accounts, he enjoyed a successful comeback, posting career highs in tackles with 89, and passes defensed with 8. He also led the team in interceptions with four, returning one for a 48-yard touchdown against the Cleveland Browns, avenging his injury.
He continued his impressive play in 2010, recording 111 tackles, along with one sack and a forced fumble. In a game against the Carolina Panthers, fellow safety Ed Reed caught an interception, which he then lateraled to Landry, with Dawan taking it 23 yards for the go-ahead touchdown. Not only did he top his season best tackle count, with 111, but in the last two seasons he was second on the team in tackles, behind only Ray Lewis.
Jacksonville Jaguars.
Landry agreed to terms on a five-year contract with the Jacksonville Jaguars on July 29, 2011. He finished his first season as a Jaguar with 97 tackles, two interceptions, one forced fumble, and half a sack. On November 16, 2012, Landry was fined $10,000 for a late hit against the Indianapolis Colts in Week 10.
On March 8, 2013, Landry was released by the Jaguars.
New York Jets.
The New York Jets signed Landry on April 9, 2013.
Personal.
Landry is the older brother of former LSU All-American safety and current Indianapolis Colts safety LaRon Landry, who was the highest-drafted safety in the 2007 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="5939499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939499" title="List of minor planets/126801–126900">
List of minor planets/126801–126900


</doc>
<doc id="5939504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939504" title="Clement John Tranter">
Clement John Tranter

Clement John Tranter, CBE, D.Sc (16 August 1909 – 27 October 1991), aka C.J. Tranter, was a British mathematics professor, researcher and the author of several key academic textbooks. Born in 1909 into a family of scientists, he served as a Captain in the Second World War, before receiving his doctorate from Oxford University and later becoming Professor of Mathematical Physics at the Royal Military College of Science in Shrivenham. His published works became popular in schools during the 1970s and were the standard textbooks used by A-level students for several years; they are still used in Far Eastern schools today.
He was made Commander of the British Empire and died of a sudden heart attack at his home in Highworth, close to Swindon. He was survived by his wife Joan, who later died on 6 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5939506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939506" title="List of minor planets/126901–127000">
List of minor planets/126901–127000


</doc>
<doc id="5939513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939513" title="1938 Tour de France">
1938 Tour de France

The 1938 Tour de France was the 32nd Tour de France, taking place July 5 to July 31, 1938. It was composed of 21 stages over 4694 km, ridden at an average speed of 31.565 km/h. The race was won by Italian cyclist Gino Bartali, who also won the mountains classification.
Changes from the 1937 Tour de France.
The bonification system was reduced compared to 1937: the winner of a stage now only received one minute bonification time, added by the margin to the second arriving cyclist, with a maximum of 75 seconds. The cyclists who reached a mountain top that counted towards the mountains classification first, now received only one minute bonification time.
The team trial stages, where the teams departed 15 minutes separately, were removed from the race. They would later return in the 1954 Tour de France, in a different form. Instead, the 1938 Tour de France featured two individual time trials.
In previous years, some cyclists were in teams and other rode individually. In 1937, there had been problems with individual cyclists being accused of helping other cyclists, culminating in the Belgian cyclists leaving the Tour. To avoid these problems, the categories for individual cyclists were removed removed for the 1938 Tour de France, and the race was contested by national teams. But because there were many French cyclists that did not fit into the national team, there were two extra French teams, the Bleuets and Cadets. The Bleuets was a kind of French "B"-team, while the Cadets consisted of young French promises.
Participants.
The big cycling nations in 1938, Belgium, Italy, Germany and France, each sent a team of 12 cyclists. Other countries, Spain, Luxembourg, Switzerland and the Netherlands, sent smaller teams of six cyclists each. The French had two extra teams of 12 cyclists, the Cadets and Bleuets.
The three most powerful teams were the Belgian, the French and the Italian national team. The Italian team was led by Bartali, who had was close to winning the Tour de France in 1937 until he crashed. The Italian cycling federation had requested him to skip the 1938 Giro d'Italia so he could focus on the Tour de France.
Race details.
Before the Pyrénées, all the favourites remained calm. André Leducq did not lose much time in the first stages, and when he got in a breakaway in the second part of the sixth stage, he took over the lead from Jean Majerus. In the eighth stage, Gino Bartali attacked, and dropped everybody. On the descent of the Col d'Aspin, his wheel collapsed, and Félicien Vervaecke and Ward Vissers overtook him. Bartali came back to finish in third place, but Vervaecke took the lead in the general classification. In that stage, former winner Georges Speicher was caught holding on to a car, and was removed from the race.
After that stage, Bartali was in second place in the general classification. He won some time on Vervaecke because of bonifications for reaching the tops of the Portet d'Aspet and the Braus first and winning the 11th stage, but lost some time in the individual time trial in stage 10B.
In the fourteenth stage, Bartali attacked again, and gained 17 minutes on Vervaecke and 20 on Vissers. Bartali was now leader of the race.
Before the next stage, Bartali felt poorly. His team director, Costante Girardengo, told him not to force himself. Bartali let the others get away on the first mountains, but during the descent of the Iseran, Bartali went as fast as he could, and reach his concurrents. During that stage, Mathias Clemens, who started the stage in second place, lost a lot of time, so Vervaecke was back in second place, 20 minutes behind Bartali.
In the rest of the race, Bartali defended his lead with ease. Vervaecke won back some time in the last individual time trial, but that was not enough to endanger Bartali's lead.
In the last stage, Antonin Magne (winner of the Tour de France in 1931 and 1934) and André Leducq (winner of the Tour de France in 1930 and 1932) escaped together, and crossed the finish line together. The Tour jury declared them both winner. This was Leducq's 25th and final stage victory; only Eddy Merckx and Bernard Hinault would later win more stages. For both cyclists it was also the last stage they ever rode in the Tour de France.
Results.
Final general classification.
The time that each cyclist required to finish each stage was recorded, and these times were added together for the general classification. If a cyclist had received a time bonus, it was subtracted from this total; all time penalties were added to this total. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey.
Final team classification.
The team classification was calculated in 1938 by adding up the times of the best three cyclists of a team; the team with the least time was the winner.
In 1938, there were eight teams of twelve cyclists. Belgium, Italy, Germany and France had a team, Luxembourg and Switzerland both supplied six cyclists for a combined team, as did Spain and the Netherlands, and there were two extra French teams, the "bleuets" and the "cadets". The bleuets were also described as "France B", and the cadets as "France C".
Mountains classification.
For the mountains classification, 12 mountains were selected by the Tour organisation. The Iseran was included for the first time in 1938.
On the top of these mountains, ten points were given for the first cyclist to pass, nine points to the second cyclist, and so on, until the tenth cyclist who got one point. The mountains classification in 1938 was won by Gino Bartali. Bartali was the first cyclist to win the general classification and the mountains classification of the Tour de France in the same year.
Aftermath.
Because of the political tensions in Europe before the Second World War, Italy did not send a team to the 1939 Tour de France, so Bartali was unable to defend his title. After that, the only resumed in 1947. In 1948, Bartali won his second Tour de France, becoming the first and so far only cyclist to win editions of the Tour de France ten years apart.

</doc>
<doc id="5939526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939526" title="Curing salt">
Curing salt

Curing salts are used in food preservation to prevent or slow spoilage by bacteria or fungus. Generally they are used for pickling meats as part of the process to make sausage or cured meat. Curing salts are generally a mixture of table salt and sodium nitrate. Common types of curing salts are Prague powder #1, which is 6% sodium nitrite and 94% table salt, and Prague powder #2 which also includes sodium nitrate.
Types.
Two types of curing salts are used in the preservation and sausage making, both called "Prague powder", and both dyed pink to help it blend better with meat and to prevent it from being confused with common table salt. Prague powder #1 or pink salt contains 93.75% table salt and 6.25% sodium nitrite. Prague powder #2 contains sodium nitrate in addition to sodium nitrite. The sodium nitrate found in Prague powder #2 gradually breaks down over time into sodium nitrite, and by the time a dry cured sausage is ready to be eaten, no sodium nitrate should be left. As an additive, the sodium nitrite or nitrate serves to inhibit the growth of bacteria, specifically "Clostridium botulinum" in an effort to prevent botulism, and helps preserve the color of cured meat.

</doc>
<doc id="5939534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939534" title="List of Scouting memorials">
List of Scouting memorials

Throughout the world there are many Scouting memorials, monuments and gravesites.
Europe.
Luxembourg.
Erected on 28 May 1982, offered by the Scouts of Wiltz with the help of Scouts and Guides of the world, in honour of Lord Robert Baden-Powell 1857-1941 Founder of the Scout Movement.
The sculpture of the Roman travertine is 3.5 meters high with a base approximately 11 tons and was made by the sculptor Lucien Wercollier from Luxembourg.
Scouts who visited Wiltz each donated 1 penny. This paid for the monument and so it got its name.
Oceania.
Australia.
A memorial to the young scout Timothy Brooks Jones (1954–1969) was erected in 1971 by the 1st North Epping Scout Group. Tim died in a tragic swimming accident, unrelated to scouts, in December 1969. Scouts was an integral part of Tim's life and he spent a vast amount of his time in bush land adjoining the Scout Den. A plaque in his honour has been placed at the base of a flag pole outside the North Epping hall.
Unfortunately the flag pole developed a severe lean so for safety reasons the Epping Scout Troop removed it using their pioneering-construction skills. At the decommissioning of the flag pole a small ceremony was held for Timothy Brooks Jones. 
The plaque was re-dedicated in a ceremony coinciding with the centenary of Scouting in Australia.
At Gilwell Park, Gembrook, Victoria the De Molnar Memorial Hall was opened 26 January 1964.
The building commemorates the former International Commissioner and Deputy Camp Chief of Hungary and Chairman of Melbourne Scout District Fritz de Molnar.

</doc>
<doc id="5939536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939536" title="List of minor planets/127001–127100">
List of minor planets/127001–127100


</doc>
<doc id="5939546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939546" title="Nightingale Valley">
Nightingale Valley

Nightingale Valley () is a 5.4 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the town of Portishead, North Somerset, notified in 1989.
This site in the Vale of Gordano is listed because of Pleistocene ‘plateau-deposits’ which include ‘cannon-shot’ gravels, fine sandy gravels and silty gravels with a wide range of erratic lithologies.

</doc>
<doc id="5939547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939547" title="Aunt Dan and Lemon">
Aunt Dan and Lemon

Cast.
Original 1985 cast
2004 revival cast
Wallace Shawn played Lemon's father and ensemble roles in the original production.
Plot synopsis.
Lemon, a reclusive young woman with an unspecified chronic illness, sits in her apartment reading books about Nazism and reliving her life story. But as she tells the audience, that life story consists mostly of stories she herself was told in childhood by "Aunt Dan," a family friend. In flashback we see the miserable marriage of Lemon's parents and the child's eagerness for escape through Dan's stories.
Dan is a charismatic, eccentric figure, who tells the girl of her love affairs with women but also of an intense imaginary romance with Henry Kissinger. Dan's worldview is an application of Kissinger's doctrine of "realpolitik" to private life—amoral, ruthless, and seeing all relationships in terms of dominance and submission. As the play continues, Dan's stories become more bizarre, including one in which she conspires with a gangster's moll to murder a policeman. Lemon's inarticulate mother tries to stand up for the value of compassion, but she fails and is made to look foolish and weak by Dan's eloquence.
Dan is transformed, however, when she becomes ill some years later. Tended lovingly by a nurse, she comes to feel for the first time a sense of loving connection with the world. Lemon is bewildered and alienated by this change in her mentor, and Dan dies soon afterward.
Now an invalid herself, Lemon gains no similar insight from her illness or from her memories. Continuing her study of Nazism, she decides that compassion is simply a lie people tell to comfort themselves, and that this lie is only possible because the powerful of the world have taken on the burden of necessary violence. She concludes with the thought that ordinary people owe killers like Hitler and Kissinger a debt of gratitude for making their self-deceit possible.

</doc>
<doc id="5939548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939548" title="List of minor planets/127101–127200">
List of minor planets/127101–127200


</doc>
<doc id="5939551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939551" title="Michael Brandon (pornographic actor)">
Michael Brandon (pornographic actor)

Michael Brandon (born Michael Phillips February 9, 1965) is an American community activist, pornographic actor and director formerly exclusive to Raging Stallion who specializes in gay pornography. He has had his own subdivision at Raging Stallion called "Monster Bang" and has previously participated in some charitable efforts including a "star search" for aspiring pornography actors.
Brandon is noteworthy for his large penis which he refers to as "Monster".
Career.
Brandon helped set up Raging Stallion Studios and has stated that he started in porn after answering an ad in Frontiers magazine. He began his career in porn in the late 1980s as a young man but fell into drugs and prison and didn't return until 1999. He also directed, produced, and wrote "Passport to Paradise".
After a release from prison, Brandon rose to the level of porn super-star. He appeared in nearly 200 films between 1999 and 2006 and eventually directed his own line of films known as the MonsterBang videos. He has had an award-winning website at www.xxxmichaelbrandon.com and engaged in what appeared to be a very busy escorting career that was documented on his website and on an online escort review site www.Daddysreviews.com.
Awards and nominations.
Brandon won the "Performer of the Year" for 2001 GayVN Awards and tied for that same award for 2002 with Colton Ford. At the 2002 Adult Erotic Video Awards ("The Grabbys"), he was named with Chad Hunt as "Best Performers". Brandon was added to the "Grabby Wall of Fame" in 2003 and received a "Surprise Award" Grabby for "Hottest Cock" in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5939560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939560" title="List of minor planets/127201–127300">
List of minor planets/127201–127300


</doc>
<doc id="5939566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939566" title="Albert King (basketball)">
Albert King (basketball)

Albert King (born December 17, 1959) is a retired American professional basketball player. King played at Fort Hamilton High School in Brooklyn and is regarded as one of the nation's greatest high school players of all time. He was rated the top prep player in the nation over Magic Johnson and Gene Banks during his senior year. A 6'6" guard-forward from the University of Maryland, King was selected by the New Jersey Nets in the 1st round (10th overall) of the 1981 NBA Draft. King played in nine NBA seasons for four different teams.
College career.
In the 1979–1980 college season, King was named the ACC Men's Basketball Player of the Year. He appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated twice during the 1980 season. One of the highlights of his ACC career was a thundering dunk over Duke center Mike Gminski during a Maryland home game at Cole Field House. Duke was No. 1 in the nation at the time, and King went on to lead the Terps in scoring that night and help topple the Blue Devils in the process. His jersey #55 was retired by the Maryland basketball program. In 2002, King was named to the ACC 50th Anniversary men's basketball team as one of the fifty greatest players in Atlantic Coast Conference history.
Professional career.
King played in nine NBA seasons for four different teams. He played for the Nets, Philadelphia 76ers, San Antonio Spurs and Washington Bullets. King's best years as a professional came during his playing days with the Nets from 1981–1987. During the 1982–83 season, he appeared in 79 games and averaged 17.0 points per game and 3.7 assists per game. In his NBA career, he played in 534 games and scored a total of 6,470 points.
At the end of the 1988-1989 season, he was signed for Olimpia Milano of the Italian Basketball League to replace Billy Martin: in Milan he played the last two games of the regular season and the following 12 of the post-season, alongside some very experienced players such as Bob McAdoo, Mike D'Antoni and Dino Meneghin: he gave an essential contribution for winning the title in a very contested last game of the finals, scoring a season-high 22 points.
Personal.
He is the younger brother of former NBA scoring champion, Bernard King.
He is also one of the central personalities in Rick Telander's acclaimed book "Heaven is a Playground".

</doc>
<doc id="5939568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939568" title="List of minor planets/127301–127400">
List of minor planets/127301–127400


</doc>
<doc id="5939573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939573" title="Aguemoune">
Aguemoune

Aguemoune is a village in the Boukhelifa commune in Béjaïa Province, in the Kabylie region of Algeria. It is the home village of football star Zinedine Zidane's parents.

</doc>
<doc id="5939583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939583" title="Deborah Fouts">
Deborah Fouts

Deborah Fouts is Director of the Chimpanzee and Human Communication Institute (CHCI). CHCI is the home of Washoe, the first non-human to acquire a human language, and three other chimpanzees who use the signs of American Sign Language to communicate with each other and their human caregivers. She is an Adjunct Assistant Professor of Psychology (Research) at Central Washington University in Ellensburg, Washington. She is married to co-director Roger Fouts.
Professional Background.
Roger and Deborah Fouts are co-directors of the Chimpanzee and Human Communication Institute.
The Foutses have been a part of Project Washoe since 1967. Project Washoe is the first and longest running project of its kind. Washoe was the very first nonhuman animal to acquire the rudiments of an otherwise fully complex human language, American Sign Language for the Deaf (ASL). The project now focuses on the signing of its four sign language using chimpanzees who live together as a social group: Washoe, Tatu, Dar and Loulis. The chimpanzees use some of the signs of ASL in their interactions with humans and with each other, to comment on their environment, but mostly to make requests, and sometimes answer questions and describe activities and objects. Loulis acquired a total of about five signs from his adoptive mother Washoe and the other chimpanzees, becoming the first chimpanzee to acquire five signs of a human language from chimpanzees thus demonstrating the ability of the chimpanzee to culturally transmit five signs of a language across generations.
Together the Foutses have more than 100 articles published in scientific journals and books. In 1981 they founded Friends of Washoe a non-profit organization dedicated to the welfare of chimpanzees. They have resided in Ellensburg since 1980 and with hundreds of students they have conducted their research and enriched the lives of the chimpanzees at Central Washington University. In 1992 they founded at CWU the Chimpanzee and Human Communication Institute (CHCI), a sanctuary for chimpanzees. CHCI is dedicated to the protection of chimpanzees, the education of students and public alike. Recent research at CHCI has focused on the private signing of the chimpanzees, imaginary play and signing, chimpanzee to chimpanzee conversations, conversation repair, representational drawing, and the symbolic representation of spatial relations with ASL signs as well as a comparison of gestural dialects in this population of captive chimpanzees and three populations of free-living chimpanzees. The Foutses are beginning a new research direction and will be studying four different free-living communities of chimpanzees in Africa to record and analyze their behavior for gestural dialects.
The Foutses are very active in their efforts to improve the living conditions and treatment of chimpanzees in captivity by developing and promoting humane care techniques and programs. In addition, they are active in efforts to protect the free-living chimpanzees in Africa. The Foutses played a role in the U. S. Fish and Wildlife, raising chimpanzees in Africa from "Threatened" to "Endangered" species status (see Endangered Species Act). The Foutses are very active in the Sanctuary movement to provide for chimpanzees used in and retired from the Air Force Space program and other biomedical research (see Animal Testing). They are active as well in promoting basic rights for Great Apes, as founding members of, and signatory contributors to, the Great Ape Project.
In 1997, Roger Fouts wrote "Next of Kin" a memoir of their lives with Washoe. It was selected by The Los Angeles Times as one of top 100 books of 1997.
Awards.
The 1989 Recognition and Appreciation Award presented by the Progressive
Animal Welfare Society, Seattle, Washington, March 1989.
The 1992 Award of Recognition presented by the Performing Animals Welfare
Society, Sacramento, California, May 1992.
Associated Students of Central Washington University “Prominent Figure
Award”, for outstanding service to Central Washington Univ., 1991-92.
The 1996 Humane Achievement Award, presented by the Performing Animals
Welfare Society, Los Angeles, California, November 1996.
National Association of Biology Teachers Distinguished Service Award 2000,
Orlando, Florida.
The Chimfunshi Chimpanzee Sanctuary “PAL” Award for Chimpanzee
Conservation and Awareness, 2000, Johannesburg, South Africa
Selected publications since 1998.
Fouts, R. S. & Fouts, D. H. (1998). Chimpanzees. In M. Bekoff & C. Meaney (Eds.) Encyclopedia of animal rights and animal welfare. Westport, CT: Greenwood Publishing Group, Inc., 105-107.
Fouts, R. S. & Fouts, D. H. (1999). My brother’s keeper. In M. Rowe (Ed.) The way of compassion. New York: Stealth Technologies, 192-194
Fouts, R. S. & Fouts, D. H. (1999). Chimpanzee sign language research. In P. Dolhinow & A. Fuentes (Eds.) The nonhuman primates. Mountain View, CA: Mayfield Publishing Co., 252-256.
Fouts, D. H. & Fouts, R. S. (2000) Our emotional kin. In M. Bekoff (Ed.) The smile of a dolphin. New York: Discovery Books/ Random House, pp. 204–207.
Jensvold, M. L., Sanz, C., Fouts, R. S., & Fouts, D. H. (2001) Effect of enclosure size and complexity of the behaviors of captive chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes). Journal of Applied Animal Welfare, 4(1), 53-69.
Fouts, R. S., Fouts, D. H. and Waters, G. (2002). The ethics and efficacy of chimpanzees in HIV research. In A. Fuentes and L. Wolfe (Eds.). Conservation Implications of Human and Nonhuman Primate Interconnections. Cambridge University Press, pp. 45–60.
Fouts, R.S., Jensvold, M.L.A. & Fouts, D.H. (2002). Chimpanzee signing: Darwinian realities and Cartesian delusions. In M. Bekoff, C. Allen & G. Burghardt (Eds.) The cognitive animal: Empirical and theoretical perspectives in animal cognition. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, pp. 654–672.
Fouts, R. & Fouts, D. (2005). Captive chimpanzees. In Andrew Linzey (Ed.) The international animal world. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Fouts, R.S., Fouts, D.H. & Waters, G. (2003) Wrist-walking: A candidate for a culturally transmitted communicative gesture). International Primatological Society Bulletin, 29(2), 9.
Fouts, R. & Fouts, D. (2003) Chimpanzees. In The great ape project census: Recognition for the uncounted. Portland, OR: GAP Books, pp. 31–34
Jensvold, M. L., Fouts, R. S., & Fouts, D. H. (2004). Assessment of species typical behaviours in captive chimpanzees. Animal Welfare, 13, S243.
Fouts, R. Jensvold, M.L., & Fouts, D. (2004) Talking chimpanzees. In M. Bekoff (Ed.) Encyclopedia of animal behavior. Greenwood Publishing Group.
Fouts, R., Jensvold, M.L., & Fouts, D. ( In press). Taking chimpanzees on their own terms: Thirty-five years of non-invasive research. In D. Herzing (Ed). Crossing interspecies boundaries. Temple University Press.
Fouts, R. S. & Fouts, D. H. (2004). Primate language. In R. Gregory (Ed.), The Oxford companion to the mind. Oxford, England: Oxford University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="5939584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939584" title="List of minor planets/127401–127500">
List of minor planets/127401–127500


</doc>
<doc id="5939591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939591" title="Salvation!">
Salvation!

Salvation! (also known as "Salvation!: Have You Said Your Prayers Today?") is a 1987 film by Beth B, starring Viggo Mortensen, Exene Cervenka and Stephen McHattie. The film is a parody of televangelism released right after the real-life Jim Bakker and Jimmy Swaggart scandals.
The film was released on VHS, but not as yet on DVD.
The film tagline was "SEX. POWER. MONEY. All in the name of God."
Plot.
McHattie plays Reverend Randall, a Staten Island-based televangelist who has been bilking his flock and secretly watches pornography while he is rehearsing his sermons in his stately home. Cervenka plays Rhonda Stample, a born again Christian. After Rhonda's non-believer husband, Jerome (Viggo Mortensen), loses his factory job, he and two cousins enlist Rhonda in a plot to entrap Rev. Randall in a sex scandal and blackmail him.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack album was released on Factory Benelux/Les Disques du Crépuscule (catalogue TWI-774) and Factory Australasia (catalogue FACT-182) in February 1988.
Soundtrack.
Side A:
Side B:
CD editions include the 12" remix of "Touched By The Hand Of God".
Singles from the soundtrack were The Hood "Salvation"/Jumpin' Jesus "You Can't Blackmail Jesus" (FAC 182) and New Order "Touched By The Hand Of God" (FAC 193).
Trivia.
Exene Cervenka and Viggo Mortensen met on the film's set in 1986, and they married on July 8, 1987. On January 28, 1988, Cervenka gave birth to her only child, Henry Blake Mortensen. Mortensen and Cervenka separated in 1992, and were divorced in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5939592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939592" title="North Road Quarry, Bath">
North Road Quarry, Bath

North Road Quarry, Bath () is a 0.3 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest close to Sham Castle in the city of Bath, Somerset, notified in 1990.
It is a Geological Conservation Review site because it contains an exposure of Oolite, which shows a very clear example of dip-and-fault structure. In addition it reveals Pleistocene 'plateaugravels' made up of flint, chert, limestone, coal, shales, sandstone and conglomerate, sometimes in a silty matrix, sometimes clast supported.

</doc>
<doc id="5939595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939595" title="List of minor planets/127501–127600">
List of minor planets/127501–127600


</doc>
<doc id="5939601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939601" title="List of minor planets/127601–127700">
List of minor planets/127601–127700


</doc>
<doc id="5939605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939605" title="Dhabihah">
Dhabihah

The precise details of the slaughtering method arise from Islamic tradition educated by the prophet Muhammad, himself. It is used to comply with the conditions stated in the Qur'an:
Slaughtering process.
The slaughtering process referred to as dhabīḥah is regulated by a set of rules intended to ensure the health of the animal to be slaughtered and conformance to Islamic religious law, which is derived from the Qur'an and hadiths.
Relevant verses of the Qurʼan.
The following verses of the Qurʼan mention the items which are forbidden to be eaten in Islam; however other have cited many other reasons that discourage the consumption of blood, pork, and carrion.
Prerequisites.
According to the laws of dhabīḥah ḥalāl, certain prerequisites must be met before an animal is slaughtered:
5:3 "Forbidden for you are carrion, and blood, and flesh of swine, and that which has been slaughtered while proclaiming the name of any other than God, and one killed by strangling, and one killed with blunt weapons, and one which died by falling, and that which was gored by the horns of some animal, and one eaten by a wild beast, except those whom you slaughter; and that which is slaughtered at the altar and that which is distributed by the throwing of arrows an omen; this is an act of sin." —– al-Maʼidah 5:3
"Eat not of that (meat) on which Allah's name has not been pronounced." 6:121
Thus an animal slaughtered by a Christian who did not mention anything at the time of slaughter would be permissible to some, while other scholars would hold it impermissible.
Islamic slaughtering.
The act of slaughtering itself is preceded by mentioning the name of God. Invoking the name of God at the moment of slaughtering is sometimes interpreted as acknowledgment of God's right over all things, and thanking God for the sustenance He provides: it is a sign the food is taken not in sin or in gluttony, but to survive and praise Allah, as the most common blessing is, "Bismillah," or "In the name of God".
Thus the slaughter itself is preceded by the words "In the name of Allah ("Bismillah")". It is not regarded appropriate to use the phrase "Bismillah al Raḥmān Al Raḥīm" (In the name of God the Beneficent the Merciful) in this situation, because slaughtering is an act of subdual rather than mercy.
According to Islamic tradition, the animal is brought to the place of slaughter and laid down gently so as to not injure it. The blade must be kept hidden until the very last moment while the jugular of the animal is felt. The conventional method used to slaughter the animal involves cutting the large arteries in the neck along with the esophagus and vertebrate trachea with one swipe of a non-serrated blade. Care must be taken that the nervous system is not damaged, as this may cause the animal to die before exsanguination has taken place. While blood is draining, the animal is not handled until it has died. If any other method is used its meat will not be halal.
This method adheres to Islamic law (it ensures the animal does not die by any of the Haraam methods) and helps to effectively drain blood from the animal. This may be important because the consumption of blood itself is forbidden in Islam; however, it is not clear that bleeding the animal removes all traces of blood from the carcass, so the meat may remain unclean. In fact it is stated by Islamic authorities that it is only necessary to drain "most" of the blood from the animal.
Inducing unconsciousness.
Stunning the animal with a bolt-gun, as is the standard practice in FDA-approved slaughtering houses, may cause instantaneous death. Muslims regard meat from such a slaughter to be haraam, considering such meat as carrion.
It is for these reasons that there are ongoing questions and conversations within the North American Muslim community as to whether meat processed in these slaughter houses meet the standard of "halal" (as opposed to dhabīḥah). At center of this debate is the doubt as to whether this meat could qualify under the allowed category of the food of the People of the Book (Jews and Christians). The first consideration being that standard slaughtering methods could cause the animal to die in a way other than slaughter (death through exsanguination).
Debate continues among Muslim jurists and the general Muslim population about whether or not stunning, anaesthetics, or other forms of inducing unconsciousness in the animal prior to slaughter are permissible per Islam. Several halal food authorities have more recently permitted the use of a recently developed fail-safe system of head-only stunning where the shock is less painful and non-fatal, and where it is possible to reverse the procedure and revive the animal after the shock.
Controversies on animal welfare.
Opponents of dhabīḥah ḥalāl, most notably some animal welfare groups, contend that this method of slaughter "causes severe suffering to animals" compared to when the animal is stunned before slaughter. In the United Kingdom, the government funded but independent advisory body Farm Animal Welfare Council recommended that conventional dhabīḥah (along with kosher slaughter (sheḥitah)) without prior stunning be abolished. The FAWC chairwoman of the time, Dr Judy MacArthur Clark, said, "This is a major incision into the animal and to say that it doesn't suffer is quite ridiculous." According to Dr Peter Jinman, president of the British Veterinary Association, vets are "looking at what is acceptable in the moral and ethical society we live." Muslims counter this by referring to the problems connected with stunning and the benefits of slaughter without stunning.
It is argued that this method of slaughter leaves the spinal cord, and thus the capacity to feel pain until death, intact.
The UK Farm Animal Welfare Council says that the method by which kosher and halal meat is produced causes severe suffering to animals and it should be banned immediately. According to FAWC it can take up to two minutes for cattle to bleed to death, thus amounting to animal abuse. Compassion in World Farming also supported the recommendation saying "We believe that the law must be changed to require all animals to be stunned before slaughter." The UK government rejected its recommendations.
Various research papers on cattle slaughter collected by Compassion In World Farming mention that "after the throat is cut, large clots can form at the severed ends of the carotid arteries, leading to occlusion of the wound (or "ballooning" as it is known in the slaughtering trade). Nick Cohen wrote in the "New Statesman", "Occlusions slow blood loss from the carotids and delay the decline in blood pressure that prevents the suffering brain from blacking out. In one group of calves, 62.5 per cent suffered from ballooning. Even if the slaughterman is a master of his craft and the cut to the neck is clean, blood is carried to the brain by vertebral arteries and it keeps cattle conscious of their pain. "Experiments carried out by the principal of the Swedish Veterinary Institute ("Veterinärhögskolan"') by order of the Swedish government in 1925 and published in 1928 determined that the blood carried to the brain by the vertebral arteries in bovines is reduced after slaughter by the Jewish method shehitah from 1/30 to 1/40, and on the basis of this and one other experiment Professor Axel Sahlstedt declared the method humane and not cruel. However, on the basis of other experiments that had showed different results, Sahlstedt recommended post-stunning as standard.
However, in a study between 1974 and 1978 Wilhelm Schulze and his colleagues carried out a study at the School of Veterinary Medicine, Hannover University in Germany: "Attempts to Objectify Pain and Consciousness in Conventional (captive bolt pistol stunning) and Ritual (knife) Methods of Slaughtering Sheep and Calves" is reported on Islamic websites to have concluded that "the Islamic way of slaughtering is the most humane method of slaughter and that captive bolt stunning, practiced in the West, causes severe pain to the animal." However, recent studies have countered the Schulze study, which is dated and relied on older EEG measurement techniques. Dr. Schulze himself also warned in his report that the stunning technique may not have functioned properly.
Halal and kosher butchers deny that their method of killing animals is cruel and expressed anger over the FAWC recommendation. Majid Katme of the Muslim Council of Britain also disagreed, stating that "it's a sudden and quick haemorrhage. A quick loss of blood pressure and the brain is instantaneously starved of blood and there is no time to start feeling any pain."
In April 2008, the Food and Farming minister in the UK, Lord Rooker, stated that halal and kosher meat should be labeled when it is put on sale, so that members of the public can decide whether or not they want to buy food from animals that have been bled to death. He was quoted as saying, "I object to the method of slaughter ... my choice as a customer is that I would want to buy meat that has been looked after, and slaughtered in the most humane way possible." The RSPCA supported Lord Rooker's views."
For the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and the Humane Society International, "the animals that are slaughtered according to kosher and halal should be securely restrained, particularly the head and neck, before cutting the throat" as "movements (during slaughter) results in a poor cut, bad bleeding, slow loss of consciousness, if at all, and pain."
In Europe, the DIALREL project addressed religious slaughter issues by gathering and disseminating information and by encouraging dialogue between the spiritual and scientific communities. Funding for DIALREL was provided by The European Commission, and it began functioning in November 2006. DIALREL produced many fact sheets and ultimately published a final report in 2010, "Report on good and adverse practices - Animal welfare concerns in relation to slaughter practices from the viewpoint of veterinary sciences."
Certain Muslim and Jewish communities expressed frustration with the process of dialogue skewed for non-religious audiences.
Dhabihah in relation to other religions.
Followers of some religions are prohibited from consuming meat slaughtered in the fashion described above.
The Rehat Maryada of Sikhism states that in Sikhism, "consumption of any meat killed in a ritualistic manner" is strictly prohibited, therefore prohibiting both halal and kosher meat.
Judaism.
There are many similarities between the rules concerning dhabihah and shechita, Jewish ritual slaughter. The word "dhabihah" is linguistically similar to the Hebrew term זבח "zevaḥ" (sacrifice).
Muslims are divided as to whether or not Jewish slaughter suffices as a replacement for Islamic dhabihah halal. Some claim that Jewish slaughter leaves out the takbīr (saying "God is great") and changes the method of slaughter; thus, their meat is haraam. Others claim that the slaughtering processes are similar enough in practice and in theory to render animals slaughtered by Jewish laws as halal.
Jeremiah J Berman wrote in 1941:
"At the present day in most of the Islamic world Muslims purchase Jewish meat, though they will not buy Christian meat. This is true in Istanbul, Beirut, Jerusalem and Mogador. Contemporary Muslims in these cities consider Jewish slaughtering as fulfilling all the requirements of their law, while they regard the slaughtering performed by Christians as done in contravention thereof. In Yemen ... Jewish meat is not acceptable." Berman also reports that Jewish meat slaughtered in Salonica (Thessaloniki) was not acceptable to Muslims.
To be kosher, fit for consumption by religious Jews, meat must be slaughtered by a Jewish shohet who holds a licence from a rabbi and has been examined on the laws of shechitah. This alone means that halal meat is forbidden to Jews. The requirements for the shape of the knife are more severe, the knife must be free from a single nick and the method of cutting is exactly defined. In addition there is an inspection of the lungs (bedikah) that mammals must pass, which Muslims do not have.

</doc>
<doc id="5939614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939614" title="List of minor planets/127701–127800">
List of minor planets/127701–127800


</doc>
<doc id="5939626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939626" title="List of minor planets/127801–127900">
List of minor planets/127801–127900


</doc>
<doc id="5939632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939632" title="Juan Cominges">
Juan Cominges

Juan Elías Cominges Mayorga (born 1 October 1983) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder. He currently plays for Unión Comercio in the Torneo Descentralizado. Cominges has risen to fame in the South American scene over the recent years. This right-footed midfielder first attracted attention due to being the younger brother of forward Paul Cominges, who had been an effective striker in the major clubs in Peru and at a few clubs overseas.
Club career.
He got his chance in the youth divisions of popular club Universitario de Deportes and slowly earned a spot in the main team as well as in the national youth teams of Peru. To give him a chance to play more games he was loaned to the club Coronel Bolognesi of Tacna in 2002, where he performed well. He then returned to the 'U' in 2003, where he had another good year. Due to money arguments the next year he moved to rival team Sporting Cristal, where he performed so well, scoring several goals and leading the team to a national championship, that he was named the Peruvian player of the year by the media outlets. 
In 2005 former 'U' star José "Chemo" del Solar, on his first outing as a coach, took Juan to Argentine club Colón de Santa Fe. Juan had several ups and downs in his performance, but secured a starting place as the new '10' of the Peruvian national team. The next year he migrated to Estudiantes de La Plata. He played a few games of the Copa Libertadores before developing a back injury, which kept him off the fields until July 2006. From there on he played irregularly, but he remained part of the championship-winning team. He has recently moved back to Sporting Cristal, where he played in the 2007 Torneo Descentralizado season.
On January 2008 he was signed by Venezuelan club Caracas FC, making his debut against Union Lara.

</doc>
<doc id="5939638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939638" title="John Sims (footballer)">
John Sims (footballer)

John Sims (born 14 August 1952 in Belper, Derbyshire) is an English former professional footballer, playing as a forward, and football manager.
Sims began his career as an apprentice with Derby County, turning professional in August 1970. His league debut came as a substitute on 16 December 1972 when he replace David Nish with 4 minutes remaining in a 1-1 home draw with Newcastle United. He made only two further appearances for Derby, although one of those was as a substitute in a European Cup semi-final against Juventus.
He had loan spells with Luton Town in November 1973, Oxford United in September 1974 and Colchester United in January 1975, before moving to Notts County in December 1975 for a fee of £10,000.
He moved to Exeter City, managed by Bobby Saxton in December 1978 for £12,000, but stayed less than a year, moving to local rivals Plymouth Argyle, where Saxton was now manager, in October 1979, costing the Pilgrims £22,500. He quickly established himself at Home Park, making 183 appearances, scoring 48 goals and was voted Player of the Season in 1982 by the Plymouth fans.
He left Plymouth in August 1983, joining the third Devon professional team, Torquay United. His initial stay at Torquay was a short one, re-joining Exeter City in February 1984, Sims being one of the players moved on as a cost-cutting measure by new Torquay manager David Webb. He returned to Torquay in November 1984, this time as player-coach under Webb and in August 1985 was appointed manager when Webb's position changed to general manager. However, his spell in charge at Plainmoor lasted just 33 days and later that year he joined non-league Saltash United. He was later player-manager of non-league Waldon Athletic and ran a pub in Torquay

</doc>
<doc id="5939643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939643" title="Tamia (album)">
Tamia (album)

Tamia is the self-titled debut studio album by Canadian Contemporary R&B recording artist Tamia, released on April 14, 1998 on Qwest Records and distributed through Warner Bros. Records. It features the singles "Imagination," "So Into You," and "Loving You Still." The remake of "Careless Whisper" was released as a single in Japan, and the album also includes her Grammy-nominated debut "You Put a Move On My Heart" as a bonus track. The album peaked at number sixty-seven on the "Billboard" 200 chart.
Release and reception.
The album peaked at sixty-seven on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 and reached the eighteenth spot on the R&B Albums chart. The album was certified gold in Japan in June 1998 for 100,000 copies shipped to stores.
Leo Stanley of Allmusic remarked that the album "is an appealingly stylish collection of contemporary urban soul," while also stating that "it suffers from some uneven material."
Personnel.
Information taken from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="5939646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939646" title="Larvikite">
Larvikite

Larvikite is a variety of monzonite, notable for the presence of handsome, thumbnail-sized crystals of feldspar. These feldspars are known as "ternary" because they contain significant components of all three end-member feldspars. The feldspar has partly unmixed on the micro-scale to form a perthite, and the presence of the alternating alkali feldspar and plagioclase layers give its characteristic silver blue sheen (Schiller effect) on polished surfaces. Olivine can be present along with apatite, and locally quartz. Usually titanium rich, with titanaugite and/or titanomagnetite present.
The name originates from the town of Larvik in Norway, where this type of igneous rock is found.
Formation.
Intrusions of Larvikite form part of the suite of igneous rocks that were emplaced during the Permian period, associated with the formation of the Oslo rift. The crystallisation of a ternary feldspar indicates that this rock began to crystallise under lower crustal conditions.
Uses.
This rock is very popular in the High Street in the UK, for its high polish and the spectacular reflections from its feldspars and is frequently found fronting the facades of banks. It is sometimes known informally as "Blue Granite", although this is not an accurate description.

</doc>
<doc id="5939647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939647" title="Vojtech">
Vojtech

Vojtěch or Vojtech is a Czech and Slovak given name of Slavic origin. It is composed of two parts: voj - war, warrior and "tech" - happy, eager. The name day is on April 23.
The name Adalbert is occasionally associated with Vojtech, due to the saint Adalbert of Prague, however, the two names have no linguistic relationship with each other.
Use in Czech.
The proper Czech spelling of the name is 'Vojtěch'. The name contains two Czech phonology elements. The first is the caron, which is a form of a diacritical mark, over the letter 'e'. The caron modifies the pronunciation of the letter 't' immediately preceding the ě. 
The second is a digraph at the end of the name: the last two letters 'ch' in fact form a single phoneme (pronounced as a voiceless velar fricative ). (The pair 'ch' is the only formal digraph in the Czech alphabet.) Pronounced as "vawy-tekh".
A common shorter version of the name is Vojta, pronounced as "Voyta". According to a 2009 survey of the Czech Ministry of Interior, there were over 41 thousand men with the first name Vojtěch in the Czech republic, which made it the 28th most used name in Czech republic.
Use in the Slovak.
The name is spelled without the caron above the letter e.

</doc>
<doc id="5939651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939651" title="Scouting museums">
Scouting museums

Throughout the world there are many museums related to Scouting dedicated to preserving, communicating, and exhibiting the heritage of the Scouting movement for purposes of study, education, and enjoyment of society. A downloadable world directory of Scouting museums is available from the US Scouting Service Project.
North America.
United States.
"Virtual Museums'

</doc>
<doc id="5939652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939652" title="Dale Berry">
Dale Berry

Dale W. Berry (born 1960) is a commercial artist and designer in San Francisco, California, who is best known for his work on the graphic novel series "Tales of the Moonlight Cutter", which is published by his company, Myriad Publications.
Berry also created "Ninja Funnies" for Eternity Comics, and the character" Dragonhead" with co-creator Eric Dinehart.
In addition to his work in commercial art and graphic novels, Berry is a professional fencing instructor and hosted a weekly radio program on KRZR.

</doc>
<doc id="5939660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939660" title="11th Division (National Revolutionary Army)">
11th Division (National Revolutionary Army)

The 11th Division was a crack division of the Chinese National Revolutionary Army. For a time known as the 18th Army, it served with distinction during the Sino-Japanese War. Being one of the five elite units of Chiang Kai-shek's Whampoa cliqué, it was destroyed during the Civil War against the Communists.

</doc>
<doc id="5939663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939663" title="Clement Crabbe">
Clement Crabbe

Clement Crabbe is the name of a fictitious columnist for the British Daily Mail newspaper. According to The Guardian newspaper, the actual author of this satirical column is journalist Quentin Letts.

</doc>
<doc id="5939672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939672" title="Il Pigmalione">
Il Pigmalione

"For the opera by Cherubini, see Pimmalione"
Il Pigmalione ("Pygmalion") is a "scena lirica" (lyric scene or opera) in one act by Gaetano Donizetti by an unknown librettist, but it is known that the libretto was based on one by Antonio Simone Sografi for Giovanni Batiste Cimador's "Pimmalione" (1790), in turn based on Jean-Jacques Rousseau's "Pygmalion" and ultimately based on Book X of Ovid's "Metamorphoses". Sografi's libretto was also used for an opera by Bonifacio Asioli (1796).
This was Donizetti's first opera, written in six days between 25 September and 1 October 1816 when the composer was 19 and a student at the Bologna Academy, a position acquired for him with the help of his teacher in Bergamo, Johann Simon Mayr and where his "gift for spontaneous composition flowered". It has been noted that although the comedy is "musically slender, the score, nevertheless, reveals the fledgling composer's flair for melody".
It was not performed until 13 October 1960.
Performance history.
The premiere took place at the XVII "Festival delle novità" at the Teatro Donizetti in the composer’s home town of Bergamo, Italy on 13 October 1960. The performance was conducted by Armando Gatto, while the role of Pigmalione was performed by Doro Antonioli and that of Galatea by soprano Oriana Santunione.
Other performances appear to have been sporadic: in 1974 under Bruno Rigacci, it was given by the Orchestra della Radiotelivisione della Svizzera Italiana in Lugano, and a recording made of a performance in 1990 at the Teatro Comunale Giuseppe Verdi in Terni in Umbria.
Synopsis.
The story of the opera is based on the famous story of a king and sculptor, Pygmalion, originally taken from the tenth book of the "Metamorphoses" by Ovid. Pigmalione, dismayed that he may never find in real life the ideal of feminine beauty, creates a sculpture of it himself. Having fallen in love with his own creation, Pigmalione's prayer for the sculpture (christened Galatea)'s animation is answered by Venus.
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="5939678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939678" title="List of minor planets/127901–128000">
List of minor planets/127901–128000


</doc>
<doc id="5939682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939682" title="Department of Health Services">
Department of Health Services

Department of Health Services may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5939702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939702" title="List of minor planets/128001–128100">
List of minor planets/128001–128100


</doc>
<doc id="5939711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939711" title="Heydar Aliyev Stadium">
Heydar Aliyev Stadium

Heydar Aliyev Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Imishli, Azerbaijan. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Mil-Muğan. The stadium holds 8,500 people and was opened in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5939714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939714" title="Charles Bradley (basketball)">
Charles Bradley (basketball)

Charles Warnell Bradley (born May 16, 1959) is a retired American professional basketball player. He was selected by the Boston Celtics in the 1st round (23rd overall) of the 1981 NBA Draft. Born in Havre de Grace, Maryland, Bradley was a 6'5" shooting guard from the University of Wyoming. He played in 3 NBA seasons from 1981–1984. He played for the Celtics and Seattle SuperSonics. 
In his NBA career, Bradley played in 110 games and scored a total of 347 points.

</doc>
<doc id="5939720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939720" title="Practical Webdesign">
Practical Webdesign

Practical Web Design was a monthly British Web design Magazine, published by Future Publishing. It was cancelled at the end of 2006. The name is now used solely for the US edition of .net.

</doc>
<doc id="5939727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939727" title="List of minor planets/128101–128200">
List of minor planets/128101–128200


</doc>
<doc id="5939729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939729" title="Welcome Home">
Welcome Home

Welcome Home may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5939731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939731" title="Jean Blanchet (physician)">
Jean Blanchet (physician)

Jean Blanchet (May 17, 1795 – April 22, 1857) was a physician and political figure in Canada East.
He was born in Saint-Pierre-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud in 1795. He studied at the Petit Séminaire de Quebec and then studied medicine with his uncle François Blanchet. He completed his medical training in London and Paris; he returned and entered practice in partnership with his uncle. In 1823, he began teaching anatomy at the Emigrant Hospital, later the Marine and Emigrant Hospital. He was a member of the Medical Board of Examiners for Quebec from 1831 to 1848 and helped found the Quebec School of Medicine, later affiliated with the Université Laval. He also taught general pathology and physiology at the Université Laval. He represented Quebec County in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1834 to 1838. In 1854, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Quebec City; he resigned in 1857 due to ill health and died in Quebec City five weeks later.
His nephew, Joseph-Godric Blanchet, became a member of both the Canadian House of Commons and the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="5939732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939732" title="Pass the Ammo">
Pass the Ammo

Pass the Ammo is a 1988 film starring Bill Paxton, Annie Potts, Linda Kozlowski and Tim Curry. The film is a spoof of televangelism released right after the real-life Jim Bakker and Jimmy Swaggart scandals. The movie's working title during production, "...And Pass the Ammunition," references the phrase "praise the Lord and pass the ammunition."
Plot.
Curry is the Rev. Ray Porter, who runs a Pentecostal faith healing and televangelism empire based in Arkansas. A small group of stereotypical rednecks, one of whom was bilked out of her inheritance by Rev. Porter's ministry and another of whom just got out of prison, try to rob Porter's ministry. A series of wrong turns inside the church during the robbery leads the robbers onstage right in the middle of a broadcast, and the three robbers turn what was supposed to have been "just" a robbery into a hostage situation. During the hostage negotiations, a series of snowballing scandals involving the ministry come to light. The robbery, hostage taking, and scandal revelations are all broadcast live over satellite television as locals gather in bars to watch. Rev. Porter and the robbers develop a rapport during the hostage situation that resembles shop talk among thieves, as they discuss the best ways of investing stolen money. One comic subplot involves the Christian network's producer, a drug-addled electronics wizard named Stonewall who decorates his workspace with Pink Floyd posters, but was hired by the network because "he has found the Lord...he told us so himself." Another subplot involves a local sheriff, himself also an archetypal redneck whose duck hunting trip was interrupted by the incident, who seems to sympathize with the would-be robbers. The film is partly about his moral struggle in trying to enforce the law when his sympathies lie elsewhere. He just wants to see the situation end with nobody getting hurt, and butts heads with the network's owner and federal agents who demand harsher action. The owner of the satellite network, whose character is based on Jerry Falwell, demands that the National Guard be called in leading to a siege and climactic ending.
Availability.
The film was released on VHS by International Video Entertainment sometime after its theatrical run and later in 1991 by Avid Home Entertainment in the SLP Mode. The movie has not been released on DVD and Lions Gate has yet to announce any plans for a DVD release.

</doc>
<doc id="5939746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939746" title="Stadion Tumbe Kafe">
Stadion Tumbe Kafe

Tumbe Kafe Stadium () is a football stadium in Bitola, Republic of Macedonia and the home of FK Pelister. The stadium is divided into two stands - North, which consists of 2,500 seats among which is the press box along with the team pads, and the South, which consists mainly of the Pelister supporters and seats about 5,000.
History.
The stadium was built back in 1937. 
A record attendance of 9,700 was set in March 1991 for the Yugoslav Cup match against Hajduk Split. 
Pelister have hosted European cup matches at Tumbe Kafe on four occasions. Swiss club FC St. Gallen was the last team to visit the stadium back on 9 August 2001 for the UEFA Cup. The stadium is most remembered for the violence that occurred back on 13 June 1993, before a Macedonian First League fixture between eternal rivals Pelister and Vardar. The match never got started because Pelister supporters Čkembari set fire to the wooden bleacher seats, collapsed the old protective fence and clashed with the police. During the incident, most of the south stand was destroyed.
In June 2010, several necropolises were discovered at Tumbe Kafe that may date back to the 3rd century.
On 2 June 2012, the stadium was host to a relegation/promotion play-off match between FK Teteks and FK Skopje.
Reconstruction and expansion.
On 8th April 2014, Bitola mayor Vladimir Taleski along with architectural firm 'MEGARON Engineering" from Skopje, promoted a new stadium reconstruction. According to the plan, the construction work is set to begin in June 2014 and the investment is worth over €8 million. The stadium will have a capacity of 12,000 seats and would be a UEFA category two standard which means it will be able to host European and international matches. Three new stands are to be built and the current southern stand is to be overhauled, along with adding an athletic track around the pitch. In the press release Taleski stated, "We are going to build a stadium that Bitola has never had since the time of Heraclea. The realization of the project will start on June 1, where the largest investment and contents are related to the northern stand which is to amount to about €4.5 million, while the total amount of the whole stadium is around €8 million."

</doc>
<doc id="5939764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939764" title="Clark Gaudin">
Clark Gaudin

Edward Clark Gaudin (born December 26, 1931) is a Baton Rouge attorney who served for twenty-one years in the Louisiana House of Representatives (1967–1968; 1972–1992) as the first Republican member from East Baton Rouge Parish in the 20th century.
Early years, education, family.
Gaudin (pronounced GO DAN) was born in New Roads in Pointe Coupee Parish (pronounced COO PEE) to Mr. and Mrs. Alton F. Gaudin. Gaudin's mother was reared in Ventress, also in Pointe Coupee Parish. 
Gaudin graduated from the parochial St. Joseph's Academy in New Roads in 1948. He then received his bachelor's degree from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge in 1952. He entered the United States Army Artillery as a second lieutenant on an ROTC commission in 1952. He left the service in 1954 as a first lieutenant but remained a major in the Army Reserve for another decade thereafter. Gaudin graduated from the Louisiana State University Law Center with a Juris Doctor degree in 1958.
Gaudin wins six legislative elections.
Gaudin won a 1967 special election created by the resignation of Democratic lawmaker Luther F. Cole, who became a judge. He defeated Democrat Richard E. Cheek, 9,856 votes (50.3 percent) to 9,730 (49.7 percent) in a special election for the one-year unexpired term. In his first year in the legislature, Gaudin served with three other Republicans, Morley A. Hudson and Taylor W. O'Hearn of Shreveport and Roderick Miller of Lafayette, all of whom are deceased. Gaudin was defeated for a four-year term in 1968. So was O'Hearn. Hudson did not seek reelection, and Miller lost in a bid for the Louisiana state Senate. Gaudin rebounded in 1972 to win the first of five consecutive terms. 
In 1972, Gaudin benefited from the presence of Republican gubernatorial candidate David C. Treen, a Baton Rouge native then residing in Jefferson Parish. He unseated the Democrat Lillian W. Walker, 6,949 (51 percent) to 6,645 (49 percent). Thereafter, Gaudin won comparatively easy victories to hold his seat. When Gaudin was reelected in the 1975 jungle primary, he had only four incoming Republican colleagues, and one of those, A.J. McNamara of Jefferson Parish, had been elected as a Democrat but switched affiliation in 1977.
In his last election for the District 69 seat, which then encompassed the Jefferson Street area and Tara subdivision, in 1987, Gaudin polled 48 percent in the primary and was forced into a general election (often called the "runoff" in Louisiana) with the Democrat Marilyn Barfield. He then won by a comfortable margin, 7,370 (58 percent) to 5,441 (42 percent). He did not run again in the 1991 primary, but his seat remained in Republican hands with the general election victory of Francis Charles "Chuck" McMains, who later left the legislature and ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate in the 1996 jungle primary. District 69 was dismembered by the legislature after Gaudin announced that he would not seek reelection, and part of the base now lies in District 68.
Medical marijuana bill.
In his last legislative session, Gaudin attempted to revive Louisiana's medical marijuana law.
Right-to-work legislation.
Gaudin was among a virtual handful of Louisiana legislators who supported a state right-to-work law in his 1967-1968 term. By 1976, after his reelection, the legislature passed right-to-work on the theory that it would encourage economic growth by allowing workers the choice of whether they should join a union. Gaudin accused opponents of the legislation of taking cues from labor officials such as the AFL-CIO president Victor Bussie of Baton Rouge.Louisiana was the last traditional southern state to adopt such legislation. In gaining passage, Gaudin worked with Representative Bruce Lynn, a fellow Republican and a banker from Caddo Parish. Lynn was elected to succeed another right-to-work supporter, Democrat (later Republican) James H. "Jimmy" Wilson of Vivian. Other leading right-to-work advocates were Representative R. Harmon Drew, Sr. of Minden and John Hainkel of New Orleans.
Gaudin also worked to eliminate the Louisiana Milk Commission, which lawmakers eventually concluded kept milk prices in the state artificially high and forbade out-of-state companies from selling within Louisiana.
Gaudin retained an interest in Republican politics after he left the legislature. He was a delegate to the 1996 Republican National Convention held in San Diego, which nominated the ticket of Robert J. Dole and Jack French Kemp. The Dole-Kemp combination, however, lost Louisiana's then nine electoral votes in the fall campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="5939770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939770" title="List of minor planets/128201–128300">
List of minor planets/128201–128300


</doc>
<doc id="5939771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939771" title="Sergej Ćetković">
Sergej Ćetković

Sergej Ćetković (Serbo-Croatian Cyrillic: Сергеј Ћетковић, ) is a Montenegrin singer. He lives and works in the Serbian capital of Belgrade. Ćetković represented Montenegro in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014. Ćetković is tall.
Biography.
Early life.
Sergej Ćetković was born in Podgorica, SR Montenegro, Yugoslavia on 8 March 1976.
Career.
He made his first contact with music when he was only seven years old. His first appearance was as a member of the youngest Montenegrin group at that time called "Vatrena srca" (Passionate hearts). He played piano and sang vocals. It was then when he felt the need to become a part of the professional "musical life". He started his career as a singer in 1998 at the well known festival called Sunčane skale with the song "Bila si ruža" (You were a rose). Two years after his solo debut, he published his first CD called "Kristina" in December 2000. The CD was big success and young publishing company Goraton bought the copyrights from Pogorica's Hi-Fi centre and reprinted the CD with new label and started to sell it in all territories of former Yugoslavia.
Exactly two years after his first CD, he published his second CD called "Budi mi voda" (Be my water) in December 2002 with 12 new songs with the company Goraton. In 2003 he participated at Budva's festival (Budvanski festival) with the song "Postojim i ja" which won the best arrangement award. In 2005, Goraton published his "The Best Of" compilation.
After this, Sergej presented to the media his third CD called "Kad ti zatreba" with 10 new songs. The most popular song from this last album is called "Pogledi u tami".
In year 2007, he had an extremely successful tour throughout Serbia and Montenegro, which was completely sold out, and for every town, additional evenings had to be scheduled. Such success was unexpected by, perhaps, everyone. The biggest hit of the tour was the song "Pogledi u tami".
On 19 November 2013, Ćetković was chosen to represent Montenegro at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 with the song Moj svijet He passed the first semi-final and represented Montenegro in the final on the 10th of May, a first for Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="5939773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939773" title="ESPN International Winter Sports 2002">
ESPN International Winter Sports 2002

ESPN International Winter Sports 2002 is a sports video game released in 2002 by Konami.

</doc>
<doc id="5939788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939788" title="ESPN MLS ExtraTime 2002">
ESPN MLS ExtraTime 2002

ESPN MLS ExtraTime 2002, or ESPN MLS ExtraTime, is a sports video game released in 2002 by Konami. It is available for GameCube, Xbox, and PlayStation 2. Clint Mathis is on the cover. The "MLS Extratime" series ended after just one installment as the MLS officially licensed its players and uniforms to the FIFA series.
Reception.
The game received positive reviews from critics. There is an average score of 70.8% for the GameCube version of the game at GameRankings based on 8 reviews from various sites. The average for the Xbox version is lower at 70.1%.

</doc>
<doc id="5939789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939789" title="List of minor planets/128301–128400">
List of minor planets/128301–128400


</doc>
<doc id="5939799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939799" title="Evolution Skateboarding">
Evolution Skateboarding

Evolution Skateboarding is a skateboarding video game released by Konami for the PlayStation 2 and GameCube. It consists of several popular skateboarders, such as Rick McCrank, Arto Saari, Kerry Getz, and Danny Way. There is also a create-a-skater feature and an unlockable character for every skater the player completes the game as. There are also sets of level specific songs such as the metal-remix of the "Metal Gear Solid" theme and a "Castlevania" theme after unlocking the Vampire Hunter. Levels are unlocked by beating a certain amount of objectives in a current level, such as collecting items like boots and other objects, performing tricks in certain areas of a level, and the occasional grinding a certain amount of meters. This game includes music by Agent Orange and H2O. The "Evolution Skateboarding" engine was used in the bonus skateboarding mode included in the PlayStation 2 version of "".
Reception.
The game received mixed to negative reception by most media. It is mostly considered as a bland rip-off of the Tony Hawk's series of skating games.

</doc>
<doc id="5939801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939801" title="List of minor planets/128401–128500">
List of minor planets/128401–128500


</doc>
<doc id="5939805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939805" title="Evolution Snowboarding">
Evolution Snowboarding

Evolution Snowboarding is a sports video game first released on February 25, 2002 for the Nintendo Gamecube. It was later released on November 26 for the PlayStation 2. The game was both developed and published by Japanese game company Konami. The game takes a new perspective on the snowboarding genre. Evolution Snowboarding has also spawned a sequel titled Evolution Skateboarding.
Plot.
The game centers around the player character receiving an Email to investigate a certain ski resort. After picking one of four player models, the game begins with the player escaping the resort after being attacked by unknown thugs, called "Boardroids". Upon escaping the facility, Danny Kass meets the player in an area called Boom Town, an oil field taken over by a mysterious corporation. The player discovers that the Earth's climate has been changed dramatically by this corporation, and teams up with Kass to regain Boom Town. Upon progressing, the player encounters a chainsaw wielding man, Boomer, who the player kills to liberate Boom Town.
From there, the player proceeds to Falls and Creeks, a snowy area where the enemy has taken over. The player finds and kills Fall, the enemy leader of the area, allowing the player to progress to Bat City. The player progresses around the world to learn that an unnamed corporation, simply known as "Big Core", has rapidly shifted the Earth's climate.
The player travels around different locations and breaks Big Core's control over the region by executing the Boss character of that area. Along the way, the player allies themselves with professional snowboarders including Travis Rice, Rio Tahara, Bjorn Leines, and others.
After defeating each areas bosses, the player travels to the Big Core itself and destroys the cause of the climate change. The earth is restored to its natural climates and the player escapes the Big Core.
Gameplay.
Evolution Snowboarding uses a combination of Snowboarding and Combat skills to complete certain tasks and defeat enemies. Players can use punches, kicks, weapons, grabs, and board tricks to battle the Big Core's minions.
Weapons can be found throughout the levels of the game. Weapons include spiked bats, chains, and others. The player may also use the board itself to directly or indirectly attack foes.
Character creation and customization.
In "Evolution Mode" (The Career mode), the player chooses a player character, their characteristics, and their name to begin with. Then, as he/she progresses throughout the game, they earn points by doing challenges to boost the character's traits and skills. Gear can also be purchased to customize your entire board and rider setup. Also, throughout the levels there are clothes scattered all around that can be equipped to the rider at the end of the level.
Multiplayer.
The game features an offline only, split-screen multiplayer mode. This mode allowed two players to choose from any of the pro boarders in the game and compete against each other in multiple game types. Game types include timed races, point battles, and item collection battles.
Music.
Music from the game includes artists such as: Slipknot, Stone Sour, Murderdolls, Goneblind, Killswitch Engage, Chimaira, 36 Crazyfists, and Five Pointe 0. This music was put in the game to match up with the plot's dark and violent tone.
Reception.
Evolution Snowboarding was not very well received and overall is considered mediocre by many game reviewers. GameSpot said that "Evolution Snowboarding ultimately falls short of its potential with sluggish controls, bland visuals, and a relatively low difficulty level." GameSpot awarded the Gamecube version a score of 5.9 out of 10, earning a "mediocre" rating.

</doc>
<doc id="5939809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939809" title="Man on the Moon (soundtrack)">
Man on the Moon (soundtrack)

The soundtrack to the 1999 Miloš Forman film, "Man on the Moon", was released on November 22, 1999 in the UK and November 23, 1999 in the US. It was issued on Warner Bros. Records, in conjunction with Jersey Records, a part of Danny DeVito's Jersey Group. Incidentally, in some countries, the film was released by Warner Bros. Pictures (the parent of WBR).

</doc>
<doc id="5939812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939812" title="Disconnection (disambiguation)">
Disconnection (disambiguation)

Disconnection is the practice of shunning in Scientology.
Disconnection, Disconnect, or Disconnected may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5939817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939817" title="List of minor planets/128501–128600">
List of minor planets/128501–128600


</doc>
<doc id="5939825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939825" title="Apis andreniformis">
Apis andreniformis

Apis andreniformis or the black dwarf honey bee is a species of honey bee whose native habitat is the tropical and subtropical regions of Asia.
"A. andreniformis" was the fifth honey bee species to be described of the seven known species of "Apis", and its biology, geographic distribution, and its specific status was recognized by many authors. However, the actual identity of the species was poorly understood, and only recently has it been diagnostically separated from its sister species "Apis florea" since there are sites where both "A. andreniformis" and "A. florea" live conspecifically. Both species are distributed throughout tropical and subtropical Asia, including Southeast China, India, Burma, Laos, Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia (Java and Borneo), and the Philippines (Palawan).
Classification.
This species, together with "A. florea", possesses the most plesiomorphic traits of all living honeybee species. Separating roughly about the Bartonian (some 40 mya or slightly later) from the other lineages, among themselves they do not seem to have diversified a long time before the Neogene.(Arias & Sheppard 2005)
These two species together comprise the subgenus "Micrapis", and are the most primitive of the living species of "Apis", reflected in their small colony size, and simple nest construction. The exposed single combs are built on branches of shrubs and small trees. The forager bees do not perform a gravity oriented waggle dance on the vertical face of the comb to recruit nestmates as in the domesticated "Apis mellifera" and other species. Instead they perform the dance on the horizontal upper surface where the comb wraps around the supporting branch. The dance is a straight run pointing directly to the source of pollen or nectar that the forager has been visiting. In all other "Apis" species, the comb on which foragers dance is vertical, and the dance is not actually directed towards the food source.
Physical characteristics.
The most significant morphological characteristic of the species are black stripes on the legs, specifically on the tibia and on the dorsolateral (back and side) surface of the basitarsus. (See Arthropod leg). Additionally, the pigmentation of "A. andreniformis" is blackish, while that of "A. florea" is yellowish. Other distinguishing characteristics include a difference respective cubital indexes: "A. andreniformis" has an index of 6.37, and "A. florea" one of 2.86. Also, the proboscis of "A. andreniformis" has a length of 2.80 mm, while that of "A. florea" is 3.27 mm. This physical difference contributes to a division in the distribution of naturally occurring nectar between the two species. Finally, there are differences in the barbs of the stinger, and in the basitarsus of the drones.
Ecology.
"A andreniformis" nests in quiet forests, generally in darker areas where there is 25 to 30% of normal sunlight. The hive is usually made in branches of bamboo and banana plants, in shrubs, and in bushes such as coffee and tea. They can be built between 1 to 15 meters from the ground, although the average altitude is 2.5 m. The honeycomb typically ranges from 70 to 90 mm in size.
"A. andreniformis" is generally more defensive than "A. florea": it is known to attack when there are disturbances 3 to 4 meters from the hive.
Queenless "A. andreniformis " colonies have been observed to merge with "A. florea" colonies, suggesting worker "A. andreniformis " are attracted to queen bee pheremones even belonging to other species in the same genera.
Parasites.
The main parasites of both "A. andreniformis" and "A. florea" belong to genus "Euvarroa". However, "A. andreniformis" is attacked by the species "Euvarroa wongsirii", while "Euvarroa sinhai" preys on "A. florea" and colonies of "Apis mellifera" that are imported. The two species of "Euvarroa" have morphological and biological differences: while "E. wongsirii" has a triangular body shape and a length of 47 to 54 micrometres, "E. sinhai" has a more circular shape and a length of 39 to 40 micrometres.

</doc>
<doc id="5939833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939833" title="Family Stadium 2003">
Family Stadium 2003

Family Stadium 2003 is a sports video game released in by Namco.

</doc>
<doc id="5939842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939842" title="Slickstones Quarry, Cromhall">
Slickstones Quarry, Cromhall

Slickstones Quarry, Cromhall () is a 2.7 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Cromhall, South Gloucestershire, notified in 1966.
The site shows red Triassic rocks in fissures of older carboniferous limestone.
The quarry is home to Cromhall Diving Centre, used by trainees as there is a sloping entry (former road) and a pontoon.

</doc>
<doc id="5939851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939851" title="Vivo Participacoes">
Vivo Participacoes

Vivo Participacoes S.A. () is a provider of cellular telecommunications services based in São Paulo, Brazil. The company was formerly known as "Telesp Celular Participacoes S.A." and is a subsidiary of Brasilcel N.V.

</doc>
<doc id="5939855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939855" title="Guernsey Grammar School and Sixth Form Centre">
Guernsey Grammar School and Sixth Form Centre

The Grammar School and Sixth Form Centre is a public grammar school located in the parish of St. Andrew's in Guernsey.
The school's motto is "Qui veult peult" (Norman French:'Those who want to, can')
The mixed gender school is for students aged 11–18 and entry requires passing of the Eleven Plus examination. It admits students from across the Bailiwick of Guernsey. However, students from other secondary schools in Guernsey who want to pursue A Levels transfer to the school after GCSEs.
The current school is the result of the amalgamation of the old Girls' and Boys' Intermediate Schools. The school was opened in 1985 and the current headteacher is Tina Watson, the former director of the Sixth Form Centre, who replaced Jeff Smith as headmaster in December 2010.
The school had one student who was awarded the Victoria Cross during World War I.
The Sixth Form Centre was opened in 2005. It was built to accommodate the rising number of students wishing to continue their education after GCSEs, studying for AS and A Levels. The school was awarded the Healthy Schools Standard in 2005.
Previous Headmasters.
Jeff Smith came to The Grammar School and Sixth Form Centre after a job as "Representative of the British Education Department" in Indonesia.
Dennis Balls is now retired and currently residing in southern France although still making frequent visits to the island to visit the school and see his family.

</doc>
<doc id="5939867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939867" title="Picher">
Picher

Picher may refer to the following two places:

</doc>
<doc id="5939870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939870" title="Reading Blue Mountain and Northern Railroad">
Reading Blue Mountain and Northern Railroad

The Reading Blue Mountain and Northern Railroad (a.k.a. Reading and Northern Railroad) is a regional railroad operating in eastern Pennsylvania.
Divisions.
RBMN operates the following two divisions on of track:
Marcellus Shale.
Between 2009 and 2010, RBMN expanded operations due to the emergence of Marcellus Shale natural gas drilling in northeastern Pennsylvania. The railroad spent $100,000 to transform an outdated and lightly used Pittston Yard near Wilkes-Barre. RBMN also purchased two new locomotives, 101 rail cars and of track between Monroeton and Towanda where much of Northeastern Pennsylvania’s Marcellus Shale economic activity is focused.

</doc>
<doc id="5939873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939873" title="Ribera, New Mexico">
Ribera, New Mexico

Ribera is a small unincorporated community in San Miguel County, New Mexico, United States. Located in the northern part of the state, it is next to Villanueva State Park at the foot of Rowe Mesa and along the Pecos River, 50 mi. southeast of Santa Fe.
The town is divided by Interstate 25 and Route 3, which was along the original Route 66, and a great deal of evidence from the famous motor-tourist route still remains in the form of old rusted cars, and long abandoned structures. The area is home to many artists and ranchers. The town has a now closed gas station and general store called Sunshine Station. The town has one restaurant that is a well known landmark throughout the surrounding area named La Risa Cafe (formerly known as the Sad Cafe), as well as a nearby general store of the same name; the hours of operation are sporadic.
Ribera is home to two well known contemporary artists: Nicasio Romero (who founded the local El Ancon Sculpture Park) and the one named Cooper (who relocated from the east coast and has started a free artist residency program known as DarkRanch). The area is also the longtime home of renowned Native American artist Carlos Eagle.
East of Ribera is the site of the Imus Ranch, a non-profit organization that helps children of all ages afflicted with cancer. The FOX Business program "Imus in the Morning" regularly broadcasts from the Imus Ranch. South of Ribera is San Miguel, an even smaller unincorporated community and a former stop on the Santa Fe Trail. West of Ribera is the Glorieta Mesa portion of the Santa Fe National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="5939874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939874" title="List of minor planets/128601–128700">
List of minor planets/128601–128700


</doc>
<doc id="5939876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939876" title="Kathy Augustine">
Kathy Augustine

Kathy Marie Alfano Augustine (May 29, 1956 – July 11, 2006) was a U.S. Republican Party politician from Nevada. She served in the Nevada Assembly (1993–1995) and in the Nevada Senate (1995–1999). She was Nevada's first female State Controller, serving from 1999 until she was murdered in 2006.
Personal life.
Augustine was born as Kathy Marie Alfano in Los Angeles, California, and was an Italian-American. Her educational background included a bachelor's degree in political science from Occidental College, and a Master of Public Administration degree from California State University, Long Beach. While in college, she worked in Washington, D.C., as a Congressional intern. Prior to entering politics, she worked for Delta Air Lines as a flight scheduler for twelve years, and briefly as a flight attendant, based out of Las Vegas, Nevada, after 1988.
Following two short-lived marriages, both ending in divorce, one of which produced her daughter, Dallas who died in August, 2012, she married Delta Air Lines pilot Charles Augustine. They were married for 17 years until his death from complications of a stroke on August 19, 2003. She had three stepchildren from her marriage to Augustine. Shortly after Charles Augustine's death, she married William Charles "Chaz" Higgs on September 19, 2003, a critical care nurse who had been involved in Augustine's care.
Political career.
From 1993 to 1995, she served one term in the Nevada Assembly. During the 1992 campaign, she was criticized for a campaign advertisement featuring a bad photograph of her African-American opponent (the same photograph, however, was used by her opponent in her own campaign literature). Above descriptions of the two candidates' positions on various issues was a caption reading "There is a real difference." She served in the Nevada Senate from 1995 to 1999. In the 1994 state senate election, she defeated incumbent Lori Lipman Brown, and once again drew controversy for a campaign advertisement in which she accused Lipman Brown of being against prayer and opposing the Pledge of Allegiance. In fact, Lipman Brown, who is ethnically Jewish (though an atheist theologically), declined to participate in a prayer led by a Christian minister, and the accusation regarding Lipman Brown's opposition to the pledge was false. In 1998, Augustine was elected as the state's first female State Controller, serving in that post until her death. In January 2004, White House officials advised her that she was a finalist to become Treasurer of the United States, however Anna Escobedo Cabral was subsequently nominated and confirmed as Treasurer.
Impeachment and Censure.
In September 2004, Augustine admitted violating state ethics laws during her 2002 re-election campaign, and was fined a record US$15,000 by the state Ethics Commission for using state personnel and equipment for her personal re-election campaign. As a result of the investigation, she was impeached by the state assembly in November of the same year, and temporarily relinquished office. She was the first Nevada state official to be impeached. Following a week-long trial in the Nevada State Senate, she was convicted on one charge, but acquitted on three others. Augustine was censured, but allowed to resume office.
2006 State Treasurer race.
Unable to seek a third term as State Controller, in January 2006, Augustine announced her candidacy for Nevada State Treasurer, despite opposition from state Republican Party leaders stemming from her impeachment. In May 2006, the party voted to deny her party support in the State Treasurer race. Despite her death, her name remained on the ballot for the August 15 primary, and she received 18.64% of the vote. 
Had she won, the state Republican Party would have been allowed to designate a replacement nominee.
Death and subsequent investigation.
On July 8, 2006, Augustine was found unconscious in her Reno, Nevada, home, and died four days later without regaining consciousness. Although early reports stated that the cause of death was a massive heart attack, police soon came to suspect foul play.
On July 14, 2006, Augustine's husband, Chaz Higgs, attempted suicide by slitting his wrists in the couple's Las Vegas home. Higgs was arrested in Hampton, Virginia, on September 29, 2006, and charged with first degree murder in her death after an FBI toxicology test found a paralyzing drug, succinylcholine, in Augustine's system. Higgs, a critical care nurse, allegedly made suspicious remarks to a co-worker about how to kill someone undetectably using succinylcholine. He was extradited back to Nevada. The warrant and test results were kept secret until Higgs's arrest.
Higgs was convicted of murder by a Reno, Nevada, jury on June 29, 2007. He was sentenced to life in prison, with a chance of parole after 20 years. He is on suicide watch after twice trying to kill himself while in custody. He is housed in the High Desert State Prison in Indian Springs, Nevada. In May 2009, the Nevada Supreme Court upheld Higgs' murder conviction in a majority decision.
Following Augustine's death, Steve Martin, an accountant and Republican candidate in the 2006 State Controller race was appointed by Governor Kenny Guinn to succeed her. Augustine is buried at Davis Memorial Park in Las Vegas, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="5939884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939884" title="List of minor planets/128701–128800">
List of minor planets/128701–128800


</doc>
<doc id="5939892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939892" title="Lambsar Castle">
Lambsar Castle

Lambsar (, also pronounced Lamsar), Lambasar, or Lambesar () was probably the largest and the most fortified castles of the Nizari Ismaili state. The fortress is located in the central Alburz mountains, south of the Caspian Sea, about 120 km from present-day Tehran, Iran. Lambesar is to the northeast of Razmian village (the central district of Roodbar e Shahrestan).
Kiya Buzurg Ummid (d. 1138) captured the castle from Rasamuj and rebuilt it into a major stronghold using local labour. He was appointed by Hasan Sabbah (d. 1124) as its governor.
Only ruins remain of this magnificent fortress today. Very deep valleys surrounding the fortress make it impossible to access from the East and West sides. The North and South fronts are the only possible ways to get into the fortress. Although the slope of the mountain with a difference of 150m on both levels is stretched from north to south with a length of 480m, the castle is more than 190m in width. The huge two-layered parapets made up of very large 10m high stones, along with the main building in the north of the fortress with 1.2m wide cut stone walls, wonderful water reservoirs and grain stores in the south and southeast of the castle, towers and a water supply system are among the characteristics and features left within the Lambesar fortress which intrigue visitors. In the North side of the fortress a huge building with 4 smaller extensions remain which face to the East.
Final days of Lambesar.
The Ismailis’ forts were the last line of defense against Mongol aggression in Persia. The Mongols had a hard time conquering Ismailian's forts. Hulaku Khan was disappointed with his commanders therefore he took over an army of 10000 soldiers and moved toward Alamut. In 1256 AD after a couple months the Meymoon-Dej (Meymoon-Diž, ) fort surrendered to Hulaku’s army, and Imam Rukn-ud-Din Khurshah was captured. Hulaku Khan asked Rukn-ud-Din Khurshah to order his followers to surrender, but Lambesar fort, Gerdkuh fort and Alamut fort did not follow the order. Finally after a year of resisting, a cholera epidemic in 1257 AD took many lives in Lambesar and allowed the Mongols to succeed. Hulaku ordered the fort ruined and beheaded whoever had survived the deadly disease. In 1275 AD and again in 1389 AD, small groups of Ismailis who had survived the Mongol invasions attempted to recapture Alamut, but their attempts were short-lived.

</doc>
<doc id="5939899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939899" title="List of minor planets/128801–128900">
List of minor planets/128801–128900


</doc>
<doc id="5939900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939900" title="Mary Lee Jensvold">
Mary Lee Jensvold

Dr. Mary Lee Jensvold is the Director of the Chimpanzee and Human Communication Institute (CHCI). CHCI is the home of the chimpanzee Washoe, the first non-human to acquire a human language, and three other chimpanzees who use the signs of American Sign Language to communicate with one another and their human caregivers.
Dr. Jensvold studies communication and other behaviors in chimpanzees. She has been working with Washoe and her family since 1986. In 1985 she received a B.A. in Psychology from the University of Oregon, in 1989 a M.S. in Experimental Psychology from Central Washington University, and in 1996 a Ph.D. in Experimental Psychology from the University of Nevada, Reno.
She specializes in ethological studies of great apes, animal intelligence, communication, and language. Her studies include chimpanzee conversational skills, imaginary play in chimpanzees, and environmental enrichment for captive chimpanzees. She is Assistant Professor in the Primate Behavior and Ecology Program and the Anthropology Department at Central Washington University.

</doc>
<doc id="5939912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939912" title="MSNBC Doc Block">
MSNBC Doc Block

MSNBC Doc Block is a three-hour block of documentary programming airing Monday-Friday from 11 pm to 2 am Eastern time on MSNBC. It replaced "" and "The Situation with Tucker Carlson". "The Situation" was renamed "Tucker" and was moved to the slots that were vacated by "The Abrams Report" (4 pm and 6 pm) before it too was cancelled.
During the months preceding the 2008 US Presidential election, the Doc Block was relegated to weekend airings and replaced on weeknights by repeats of "The Rachel Maddow Show", "Countdown with Keith Olbermann", and "Race for the White House".
It now only airs Fridays from midnight to 5 am, Saturdays from 2 pm to 5 am, and Sundays from 3 pm to 5 am.

</doc>
<doc id="5939913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939913" title="List of minor planets/128901–129000">
List of minor planets/128901–129000


</doc>
<doc id="5939915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939915" title="July 2006 São Paulo violence">
July 2006 São Paulo violence

The July 2006 São Paulo violence happened on 12 July 2006 in São Paulo, Brazil. Buses, banks and police stations were attacked and 5 people died. It is believed that the First Command of the Capital was behind the attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="5939918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939918" title="NWA Georgia Heavyweight Championship">
NWA Georgia Heavyweight Championship

The NWA Georgia Heavyweight Championship was the major title in the Georgia Championship Wrestling professional wrestling promotion. It started in 1964 and was unified in 1981 with the NWA National Heavyweight Championship.
The title was picked back up in 1998 by NWA Georgia, which became NWA Wildside in September 1999 when it merged with National Championship Wrestling. Along with this change, the championship became known as the NWA Wildside Heavyweight Championship. The title continued until Wildside ceased operations on April 30, 2005.
In 2012, NWA Action (later renamed NWA Atlanta) picked up the title and restored its original name. Cru Jones won the reactivated title by defeating Steve Stiles on June 23, 2012 in Stockbridge, Georgia and held it until the title was vacated in 2013. At NWA Atlanta's Halloween show in Stockbridge on October 26, 2013, the vacancy was filled as Andy Anderson defeated Pain in the final of a 32-man tournament. Tyson Dean defeated Anderson to win the title on December 14 in Griffin, Georgia.
NWA Atlanta, the championship's current home promotion, is an organization out of Locust Grove, Georgia, and is the only company in Georgia currently recognized by the National Wrestling Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="5939924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939924" title="Girlfriend/Boyfriend">
Girlfriend/Boyfriend

"Girlfriend/Boyfriend" is a song by American R&B group Blackstreet. It was released in May 1999 as the second and final single from their third album "Finally". Janet Jackson is also featured in the song as well as rappers Eve and Ja Rule. The song is co-written by R&B singer and Ja Rule's former associate Cynthia "Lil' Mo" Loving. It was a minor hit in the United States and more successful in other countries. Originally, the song was to be part of the South Park movie ("") and was to feature the Spice Girls.
The music video for "Girlfriend/Boyfriend", directed by Joseph Khan is one of the most expensive music videos ever made, with a cost of over $2 million.
Official Versions/Remixes.
All Versions listed feature Janet Jackson, Ja Rule and Eve except instrumental versions and superscripted versions.
1: Version only features Sauce Money and 8th Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="5939929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939929" title="Toronto Raptors accomplishments and records">
Toronto Raptors accomplishments and records

This page details the all-time statistics, records, and other achievements pertaining to the Toronto Raptors.
Individual accomplishments.
All-NBA.
First team:
Second team:
Third team:
All-NBA Defensive Team:
First team:
Second team:
All-Rookie.
First team:
Second team:
Eurobasket.
Eurobasket 2007:
Eurobasket 2011:
Eurobasket 2013:
World Championship.
2002 FIBA World Championship:
2003 FIBA Americas Championship:
2006 FIBA World Championship:
2010 FIBA World Championship:
Olympics.
1996 Summer Olympics:
2000 Summer Olympics:
2008 Summer Olympics:
2012 Summer Olympics:
Franchise records for regular season.
Minutes.
Most minutes played in a game.
("Correct as of 22 February 2014)"
Franchise records for playoffs.
Unless otherwise stated, statistics/records are correct as at the end of the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5939938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939938" title="They Were Strong and Good">
They Were Strong and Good

They Were Strong and Good is a book by Robert Lawson that won the Caldecott Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1941. It tells the story of Lawson's family: where they came from, how they met, what they did, where they lived. "None of them," Lawson says in the preface, speaking of his ancestors, "were great or famous, but they were strong and good."
Controversy.
The original 1940 text has been revised to alter two controversial sections. One that refers to American Indians as "tame", and the other "colored boy" is replaced with "Negro slave". The accompanying pictures remain original.
1940 original:
"When my mother was a little girl there were Indians in Minnesota—tame ones. My mother did not like them. They would stalk into the kitchen without knocking and sit on the floor. Then they would rub their stomachs and point to their mouths to show that they were hungry. They would not leave until my mother’s mother gave them something to eat."
Revised edition:
"When my mother was a little girl there were Indians in Minnesota. My mother did not like them. They would stalk into the kitchen without knocking and sit on the floor. Then they would rub their stomachs and point to their mouths to show that they were hungry. They would not leave until my mother’s mother gave them something to eat."
This illustration is of a Black woman—a bandanna-wearing “mammy”—brandishing a broom at two Indians who are running away with stolen food.
1940 original:
"When my father was very young he had two dogs and a colored boy. The dogs were named Sextus Hostilius and Numa Pompilius. The colored boy was just my father’s age. He was a slave, but they didn’t call him that. They just called him Dick. He and my father and the two hound dogs used to hunt all day long."
Revised edition:
"When my father was very young he had a Negro slave and two dogs. The dogs were named Sextus Hostilius and Numa Pompilius. The Negro boy was just my father’s age and his name was Dick. He and my father and the two hound dogs used to hunt all day long."
This illustration is of a Black youngster dressed in rags, carrying two dead animals, walking behind his young white master. Several other illustrations also show Black people dressed in rags, in various positions of servitude.

</doc>
<doc id="5939942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939942" title="List of minor planets/129001–129100">
List of minor planets/129001–129100


</doc>
<doc id="5939943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939943" title="Pray TV">
Pray TV

Pray TV (also known as KGOD) is a 1980 comedy film spoofing televangelism.
Synopsis.
Failing UHF TV station KRUD, Channel 17, is "reborn" as Christian television station KGOD. The new format is a big success but attracts an incompatible mix of fringe ministries and broadcasters wanting time on the station. A series of humorous vignettes show the different religious shows the station broadcasts: a faith healer, a radical black nationalist preacher, a preacher with a drive-in church, a Christian game show, etc.
The film is very similar in both plot and style to the film "UHF" which was released in 1989.
Production.
"Pray TV" stars Dabney Coleman, Paul Cooper, Rosemary Alexander, and Lewis Arquette, with cameos by Paul Reubens and the band Devo (who play a Christian rock band named "Dove"). It was directed by Rick Friedberg.
Release.
"Pray TV" was picked up by Filmways Pictures in 1980 (under its original name, "KGOD"). The film premiered on television instead of theatrically, and aired on Showtime in 1983 under its present title.

</doc>
<doc id="5939949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939949" title="Fred Binney">
Fred Binney

Frederick Edward Binney (born 12 August 1946 in Plymouth) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Torquay United, Exeter City, Brighton & Hove Albion, Plymouth Argyle and Hereford United, and in the North American Soccer League for the St. Louis Stars.
Early career.
Binney was raised in the Barbican area of Plymouth. He was a prolific goalscorer in junior football whilst playing for CM Department juniors and was signed by South Western League side Launceston. He became an apprentice at Devonport Dockyard and whilst continuing to play for Launceston, also played for John Conway in the Devon Wednesday League. It was playing for John Conway that Binney was spotted by Don Mills, by now acting as a scout for Torquay United.
He signed for Torquay as an amateur, before turning professional in October 1966. Whilst a regular scorer for Torquay's reserve side, which played in the Western League, the form of Robin Stubbs meant that Binney's debut would have to wait. It finally came in September 1967, a 1–1 draw away to Grimsby Town, but Binney could not gain a regular place in the side and was loaned to Exeter City in February 1969, scoring 11 goals in 17 league games.
The following season Binney was still not a regular in the Torquay side and in March 1970, after scoring 10 goals in 34 league games for the Gulls, he moved to Exeter City for a fee of £35,000. In 1972–73, Binney scored 28 league goals for Exeter, making him the joint-top goalscorer for the season, alongside Pop Robson of West Ham United. The following season, Binney was voted the PFA Division Four Player of the Year as he scored another 25 times.
Unsurprisingly he was noticed by a number of higher-level teams, and in May 1974 was signed by Brian Clough for Brighton & Hove Albion for a fee of £25,000 with John Templeman and Lammie Robertson moving to Exeter in exchange. He had scored 90 goals in 177 league appearances for the Grecians. His second season at the Goldstone Ground was his most successful, Binney scoring 23 league goals as Brighton narrowly missed out on promotion to Division Two.
Big move.
In 1977, after 35 league goals in just 70 games and after helping Brighton to promotion in his final season, he moved to the United States, playing for St. Louis Stars in the NASL; at around this time he also played alongside players like Pelé in New York where he powered a header in front of 68,000 people, before signing for Plymouth Argyle on a free transfer in October 1977.
His first season with his hometown club was a struggle, both for the team as it battled against being relegated for the second successive season, and for Binney who initially could not hold down his place in the first team.
The following season saw a turn around in Binney's fortunes, 28 goals resulting in the Plymouth Player of the Year award. However, Binney suddenly fell from favour at Plymouth, not fitting in with new manager Bobby Saxton's plans for Argyle, and in January 1980, after 42 goals in 81 appearances, Binney was transferred to Hereford United for £37,000.
Coaching.
At Hereford he subsequently qualified as a coach and was appointed assistant manager to Frank Lord. In 1982 Lord left for Malaysia and Binney soon followed, working as coach to the Malaysia national team before returning to Devon in 1985 as assistant manager to Colin Appleton at Exeter City. When Appleton was sacked in December 1987, Binney also left becoming Recreation Officer at Plymouth University where he later became President and coach of the University of Plymouth football club (UPFC) and still is today.
Fred's eldest son, Adam, followed him into football coaching in 2004 as manager of the Longbrooke Football Club in Exeter.

</doc>
<doc id="5939952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939952" title="Frank DiPino">
Frank DiPino

Frank Michael DiPino (born October 22, 1956 in Syracuse, New York) is a retired Major League pitcher who played for the Milwaukee Brewers, Houston Astros, Chicago Cubs, St. Louis Cardinals, and Kansas City Royals. 
On September 7, 1982, DiPino struck out 10 batters in 5 innings for his first Major League victory. On July 21, 1986, the Astros traded DiPino to the Cubs for IF/OF Davey Lopes.
DiPino was the winning pitcher in the Cubs' first night game ever played at Wrigley Field on August 9, 1988.
DiPino has the best batting average against for any pitcher w/ more than 10 plate appearances vs. HOF member Tony Gwynn. Gwynn, a lifetime .338 hitter, was .050 for 20 with 3 walks.
DiPino is currently a pitching instructor for Perfect Practice of Syracuse, NY. 

</doc>
<doc id="5939973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939973" title="List of minor planets/129101–129200">
List of minor planets/129101–129200


</doc>
<doc id="5939977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939977" title="Picture Rocks">
Picture Rocks

Picture Rocks is the name of some places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5939983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939983" title="United States presidential election in Maryland, 2004">
United States presidential election in Maryland, 2004

The 2004 United States presidential election in Maryland took place on November 2, 2004 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose 10 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Maryland was won by Democratic nominee John Kerry by a 13.0% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Kerry would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. The last Republican to carry the state in a presidential election was George H.W. Bush in 1988.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 12 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day.
Polling.
Kerry won every pre-election poll. The final 3 poll average showed Kerry leading 52% to 42%.
Fundraising.
Bush raised $4,174,964. Kerry raised $7,553,542, which was 4% of the total money raised by Kerry in 2004.
Advertising and visits.
Neither campaign advertised or visited this state during the fall election.
Analysis.
Bush did win most of the counties in Maryland, but he lost the central part of the state (Washington DC suburbs and Baltimore), where most of the population is. The middle section is very urban and includes a large number of African Americans, many of whom are affluent (specifically in the Democratic stronghold of Prince George's County). Bush dominated Western Maryland and the state's Eastern Shore, which are very rural, but he carried only two congressional districts (see below). However, Kerry's margin of victory was slightly less than in 2000, when Gore won by 16%.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Kerry won 6 of 8 congressional districts.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Maryland cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Maryland is allocated 10 electors because it has 8 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 10 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 10 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 13, 2004 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 10 were pledged for Kerry/Edwards:

</doc>
<doc id="5939985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939985" title="List of minor planets/129201–129300">
List of minor planets/129201–129300


</doc>
<doc id="5939988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939988" title="Gerry Geran">
Gerry Geran

Pierce George "Gerry" Geran (August 3, 1896 – September 8, 1981) was a professional ice hockey player in the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
Geran was the first player from the United States to make the NHL, starting with the Montreal Wanderers in the NHL's inaugural season, 1917–18. He played in four of the Wanderers' six games. After the fire that burned down the Wanderers' arena, the team was disbanded. On April 29, 1920 he won a silver medal with the (11-member) U.S. ice hockey team at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp. In spite of this professional obstacle, he was nevertheless allowed to play in the Olympic Games. Geran didn't play in the NHL again until he suited up for the Boston Bruins for 33 games in 1925–26. In 37 career NHL games, he scored 5 goals and six points. Upon his retirement from the NHL, he was the last active player from the Wanderers roster.

</doc>
<doc id="5939990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939990" title="Sonia Rodriguez">
Sonia Rodriguez

Sonia Rodriguez (born 1972, Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian ballerina.
Born in Toronto, she moved to Madrid, Spain at age five with her family, where she received dance training with Pedro de la Cruz. She also studied at the Princess Grace Academy in Monaco. In 1989, at an international competition in Capri, Rodriguez won the Enrico Cecchetti award, and the following year she returned to Canada to join the National Ballet of Canada.
Rodriguez was promoted to second soloist in 1995 and that year she performed "Rum and Cola Cola" in the company premiere of Paul Taylor's "Company B". That same year, she also performed the balcony pas de deux from "Romeo and Juliet" and the pas de deux from "Sylvia" at an international ballet gala in Madrid. The following year, in 1996, she performed the "Rum and Cola Cola" routine during the National Ballet of Canada's March 1996 performance at a Toronto Raptors/Orlando Magic basketball game at Skydome. 
Rodriguez was promoted to first soloist in 1997 and danced the lead role in the Canadian premiere of "The Red Shoes" in the Karen Kain Farewell Tour. Rodriguez became a principal dancer in 2000 and in 2005, Suzanne Farrell selected her to dance the lead role of Dulcinea in the world premiere of her re-staging of George Balanchine's "Don Quixote" at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. 
Personal life.
Rodriguez married Canadian figure skater, Kurt Browning, on June 30, 1996 They have two children. The family home in the Forest Hill area of Toronto suffered a fire on August 18, 2010. She was added to Canada's Walk of Fame in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5939997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939997" title="Blacknuss">
Blacknuss

Blacknuss is a 1971 album by Rahsaan Roland Kirk.

</doc>
<doc id="5939998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5939998" title="Augustine United Church">
Augustine United Church

Augustine United Church is a United Reformed Church in Edinburgh, Scotland. It is in a local ecumenical partnership with St Columba's-by-the-Castle (Scottish Episcopal Church) and Greyfriars Tolbooth and Highland Kirk (Church of Scotland).
History.
The congregation began in 1802 in the Old Town area of Edinburgh and had a chapel in Chambers Street. The congregation outgrew the chapel, and in 1855 it was demolished to make way for the Royal Museum. The present building at 41 George IV Bridge was started in 1857 and completed in 1861. Its architecture is a freestyle mixture of Romanesque, Renaissance and Classical features topped by a three-tiered tower. It was made a Category B listed building in 1970. The building has recently been renovated and upgraded and is now called the Augustine Church Centre.
The centre today.
The centre is home to a number of church-related charities and projects, including Christian Aid, Jubilee Scotland and the Edinburgh Community Mental Health Chaplaincy, as well as being the worship centre of Augustine United Church and the Metropolitan Community Church of Edinburgh. 
Community, music, political and religious groups hold meetings and events in the centre throughout the week, including the Edinburgh Royal Choral Union and Edinburgh Youth Choir. Each summer Paradise Green Promotions uses the Centre as a venue for the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
On Wednesday 12 February 1997 the National Launch of the first Fairtrade fortnight was held in the church.

</doc>
<doc id="5940000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940000" title="Alma Adamkienė">
Alma Adamkienė

Alma Adamkienė (born Alma Nutautaitė in Šiauliai on February 10, 1927) is the wife of the former President of Lithuania, Valdas Adamkus, and was First Lady during his two terms (1998–2003; 2004–2009). She also holds United States citizenship. 
Her father, Stasys Nutautas, was a businessman; her mother, Ona Soblytė-Nutautienė, assisted her husband in various commercial activities. In 1944, when the Soviet Army returned to Lithuania, Alma Nutautaitė fled with her family to the West. She finished high school in Germany, and later studied Philology at Erlangen University in Nuremberg.
Alma Nutautaitė emigrated to the United States of America in 1949. She first worked as a laboratory assistant at a steel factory. Later, she took a position with an insurance company. She also organized and participated in Lithuanian émigré activities. Alma Nutautaitė married Valdas Adamkus in 1951, and took her husband's surname (she is known as Alma Adamkus in the United States).
During the presidential election held in Lithuania in 1997, Valdas Adamkus campaigned for the Presidency and won. After Adamkus became President, Adamkienė became involved in various Lithuanian social programs focusing on the welfare of children. She opened a foundation, the Alma Adamkienė Charity and Support Fund, in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5940006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940006" title="List of minor planets/129301–129400">
List of minor planets/129301–129400


</doc>
<doc id="5940009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940009" title="Chauncy Nye">
Chauncy Nye

Chauncey Nye (1823–1900) was a pioneer of the U.S. state of Oregon who was best known as the first person to publish an account about Crater Lake.
Biography.
Born in Michigan in 1823 to Nathan Nye, he accompanied his brother Nathan B. Nye (1831–1913) to Lagtown, El Dorado County, California in 1849 or early 1850, during the California Gold Rush to work claims in that area. By 1852, Nathan had arrived in a pioneer party in Oregon, and Chauncy may have come with him. It's certain Chauncy was in Oregon by 1860 where he is listed, age 37, in Jackson County.
He is known as the first person to publish an account about Crater Lake:
In 1862, Chauncy Nye and his party of prospectors also came upon the lake. Nye wrote the first published article about the lake, stating "the waters were of a deeply blue color causing us to name it Blue Lake."
By 1870, Chauncy had given up hunting gold and settled down on a farm with his wife Amarantha, who was born about 1834 in Illinois or Michigan. The family lived for at least thirty years at Flounce Rock, Jackson County, Oregon. Their children Etta (1867), Nelson (1871), and Elsie Amarantha (1879). In 1882, Chauncy completed his homestead at Township 33S Range 2 East.
He is buried next to his wife, at Nye Cemetery in Jackson County.
Legacy.
Nye Spring and Nye Ditch are both named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="5940012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940012" title="Joanne Colan">
Joanne Colan

Joanne Colan (born 21 December 1980) is the former MTV Europe VJ and former anchor of the vlog Rocketboom. She is currently on Discovery's show "Dean of Invention" alongside Dean Kamen as a correspondent.
Career.
Television.
As the Europe VJ with MTV from 2000 to 2004, her shows reached 124 million households in more than 50 countries and territories. She scripted, co-produced and hosted "MTV News", "Top 20 Countdown" and "MTV Movie Special". She also hosted such live international events as MTV's "Winterjam", the "MTV Europe Music Awards" and "MTV Presents". Her work on MTV’s "European Top 20" earned her an award for Best European Satellite Music Programme in 2001 as voted by viewers in the What Satellite UK & Europe TV Poll.
Joanne was a correspondent on Discovery's show "Dean of Invention" alongside Dean Kamen; which premiered on 22 October 2010.
Internet.
Colan began hosting Rocketboom on 12 July 2006, presenting amusing and/or informative video clips and web links from a desk in the Rocketboom studio and other New York City locations. Her departure from Rocketboom was announced on 17 April 2009.
In addition to Rocketboom, Colan was the host of the travel adventure series "Any Given Latitude" where she is seen trekking, climbing, sailing, scuba diving and snow-mobiling. The 13-episode series, which took her to 13 countries from Austria to Vietnam, premiered on 10 April 2006, when Scripps Networks launched its Fine Living Network.
Colan was most recently named as "Senior Vice President" and "Senior Content Strategist" at Edelman New York, on 6 May 2012. Where she will work to "advance the firm’s various content initiatives and work with clients and teams to help improve their visual storytelling capabilities with an emphasis on short-form sharable video."
Other.
Colan was music/DJ curator at Manhattan's now-defunct Table 50, named for Walter Winchell's table at the Stork Club. Colan commented, "Our goal is to support the exciting evolution of DJ culture and expose our guests to the artists who are shaping the music of tomorrow."

</doc>
<doc id="5940014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940014" title="Supervalu Pharmacies">
Supervalu Pharmacies

SuperValu Pharmacies is a wholly owned subsidiary of Eden Prairie, Minnesota-based SuperValu. SuperValu Pharmacy operates 950 pharmacies in Shop 'n Save, Hornbacher's, Farm Fresh Food & Pharmacy and Cub Foods stores. 

</doc>
<doc id="5940041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940041" title="Rachel Annand Taylor">
Rachel Annand Taylor

Rachel Annand Taylor (3 April 1876 – 15 August 1960) was a Scottish poet, biographer and literary critic.
Born in Aberdeen to stonemason John Annand and his wife Clarinda Dinnie, she was one of the first women to study at Aberdeen University. She later taught at Aberdeen High School for Girls.
As a writer she was admired by Richard Aldington, G.K. Chesterton, Hilaire Belloc and D. H. Lawrence. In 1943 she was awarded an honorary LLD from Aberdeen University.
She married Alexander C. Taylor in 1901 and lived in Dundee and London, where she died in 1960. Aberdeen has honoured her with a commemorative plaque at Harlaw Academy.
Three of her poems are included in Nicholson & Lee, eds. "The Oxford Book of English Mystical Verse", 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="5940061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940061" title="Jérôme Pineau">
Jérôme Pineau

Jérôme Pineau (born 2 January 1980 in Mont-Saint-Aignan) is a French professional road bicycle racer. He rides for the UCI Professional Continental team .
Pineau left at the end of the 2013 season, and joined for the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5940073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940073" title="Edinburgh Churches Together">
Edinburgh Churches Together

Edinburgh Churches Together brings together Church of Scotland, Scottish Episcopal Church, the Catholic Church, the Methodist Church, the Salvation Army, Religious Society of Friends and the United Reformed Church.
Edinburgh Churches Together (ECT) was formed in the early 1990s as a local response to the establishment of Action of Churches Together in Scotland (ACTS). The purpose was to allow the different denominations to be able to work together in areas of common concern while retaining their own identity. Within Edinburgh there are a number of local Churches Together Groups. As well as encouraging and enabling churches to relate and communicate with one another, ECT also has a brief to relate to the Edinburgh City Council and other city wide bodies including the Edinburgh Interfaith Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5940076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940076" title="Kostas Sommer">
Kostas Sommer

Costas or Kostas Sommer (; born 17 May 1975) is a Greek model and actor who has appeared in numerous movies and TV shows. In 2005, he appeared in the Hollywood film "" starring Rob Schneider as the "Greek" gigolo Assapopoulos Mariolis. This role is Sommer’s first Hollywood role, after nailing his only audition since arriving in Los Angeles.
He was born in Germany, where he spent most of his childhood years and later moved to Greece, Sommer attended the German School of Athens. He was bitten by the acting bug as a young boy, and continued working in television and film in Greece. He is a very well known Greek celebrity appearing in numerous magazines as a model before landing roles in big screen film productions such as "Brides" by "Pantelis Voulgaris", "A Breath's Distance" for ATA Studios and "Golden Beach". Some of his television credits include "Love Came From Afar", "Aliki", and "The Bachelors". He has also appeared in several broadway plays include playing the part of "Joe Bonaparte" in Golden Boy and "Liliom". He enjoys extreme sports as well as skydiving, jetski, speed boat, car and motorcycle racing/stunts. Some of his other hobbies include kickboxing, sailing, scuba diving, track and field and firearms. He currently lives between Athens and Los Angeles Sommer made a guest appearance during the April 2006 Miss Star Hellas, () pageant. He was starring opposite actress Fay Zafirakou, (), in the Greek TV series "Tis Agapis Maheria" (), ("The Knives of Love") by "Stratos Markidis" for ANT1. This series had a personal connection to Kostas since the story is based in Cretan traditions.

</doc>
<doc id="5940087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940087" title="Pierpont">
Pierpont

Pierpont can refer to:
Surname.
The surname has Norman-English origins, namely with people from Normandy.

</doc>
<doc id="5940108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940108" title="Yoko Tsuno (character)">
Yoko Tsuno (character)

Yoko Tsuno is a fictional comic book character created by Belgian writer Roger Leloup. She is the main character of the Yoko Tsuno comic book series. She is an electrical engineer raised in Japan but now living in Belgium. She is quite compassionate and has a knack for making friends.
Yoko is also a skilled scuba diver, holds a black belt in aikido, and can pilot both gliders and helicopters. This wide range of competences, together with her near-flawless behaviour, makes Yoko fall into the classic category of a competent woman. The 'flaw' she does admit to having is valuing personal honour (as in keeping trust) very highly. She is also very decisive, often to the point of impulsiveness.
Yoko first meets Vic and Pol when they catch her trying to break into a laboratory in "Le Trio de l'étrange". The moment the men confront her, the owner of the laboratory explains that he hired the Japanese girl to test a burglar alarm. Vic, planning to do an independent television production with Pol as the cameraman, asks Yoko to come along. This leads to their meeting with the Vineans and their lasting friendship.
Especially later in the series, it is hinted, especially at the end of "Le Feu de Wotan", that Yoko and Vic are romantically involved. Leloup consciously left it at mere hints in order not to antagonise the readers who were more or less consciously in love with Yoko themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="5940112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940112" title="John J. Glessner House">
John J. Glessner House

The John J. Glessner House, operated as the Glessner House Museum, is an important 19th-century residence located at 1800 S. Prairie Avenue, Chicago, Illinois. It was designed in 1885-1886 by architect Henry Hobson Richardson and completed in late 1887. The property was designated a Chicago Landmark on October 14, 1970. The site was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on April 17, 1970 and as a National Historic Landmark on January 7, 1976.
John J. Glessner.
John Jacob Glessner (1843–1936) was a partner in the firm of Warder, Bushnell & Glessner, a farm machinery manufacturer headquartered in Springfield, Ohio. Immediately after his marriage in 1870 to Frances Macbeth, Glessner relocated to Chicago where he opened a branch office. In 1902, the firm and four others, including McCormick and Deering, merged to form International Harvester, which became the fourth largest corporation in the country. Glessner was appointed vice president and continued in that capacity until his death in 1936 at the age of 92.
During the late 19th century, Chicago's most prestigious residential street was Prairie Avenue on the South Side. Enjoying economic success, Glessner decided to build a home for his family on Prairie Avenue and 18th Street. He chose one of the young nation's foremost architects, H.H. Richardson.
Henry Hobson Richardson.
Eager to develop a style of architecture that would reflect what he saw as the musculature of the fast-growing United States, the late-19th-century architect Henry Hobson Richardson developed what would be called the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The Richardsonian Romanesque style took elements of European Romanesque architecture from buildings constructed in the 11th and 12th centuries, and adapted them to American idioms. 
For example, the heavy, rough-cut facing stones of Romanesque architecture were no longer necessary for engineering reasons. Architects and builders had discovered more efficient ways for walls to distribute and bear a building's weight. Richardson believed that what was no longer necessary for function could be made to serve a new purpose of form, by creating a new visual language of individual separation and privacy.
The Glessner residence was Richardson's last work. He died at 48, just 3 weeks after completion.
The significance of the Glessner House.
The innovative floorplan and design of the Glessner house rank it as one of the most important residential commissions of the 19th century. The walls of the house are pushed close to the lot lines, allowing for a spacious private courtyard within. The courtyard allowed abundant natural light to enter the main rooms of the house through south-facing windows, and also provided a level of privacy rarely achieved in urban residences. Additionally, a long servant hall is placed along the north side of the house, buffering the family spaces from the noise and dirt of 18th Street as well as the brutal winter winds. 
The exterior of the house is clad in Braggville granite, laid in courses of various heights, giving the house a strong horizontal appearance. Ornamentation is minimal, and includes an arch of stylized foliage over the front entrance and a series of carved capitals on the second floor columns. 
The design was distinctly different from the other houses on Prairie Avenue, and many neighbors did not understand it. Sleeping-car CEO George Pullman, who lived across the street in a traditional Second Empire mansion, said, "I do not know what I have ever done to have that thing staring me in the face every time I go out of my door."
Later history.
After John Glessner died in 1936, the house was given to the American Institute of Architects, who returned it to the family when they decided they could not afford the upkeep necessary. In 1937, the family deeded the house to the Armour Institute (precursor to the present day Illinois Institute of Technology). In 1945 the Institute leased the house to the Lithographic Technical Foundation, which installed large printing presses in many of the rooms and conducted research for the printing industry. When the Foundation moved to Pittsburgh in the early 1960s, the house was threatened with demolition. Eventually a group of architects and preservation-minded citizens banded together to save the house, and purchased it in 1966 for just $35,000. Within a few years, the Glessner descendants began returning original furnishings.
The Glessner House today.
The house opened for public tours in 1971. Many of the rooms have been accurately restored to their original appearance. The collection of decorative objects and furnishings is especially significant, as the Glessners were sophisticated collectors of both English and American arts and crafts. Objects and furniture by William Morris, William DeMorgan, Galle, Isaac Scott, A.H. Davenport and others are found throughout the house.
The Glessner House Museum, a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, was formed in 1994 to administer the property. Several thousand people visit the site annually for tours and programs.

</doc>
<doc id="5940126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940126" title="List of minor planets/129401–129500">
List of minor planets/129401–129500


</doc>
<doc id="5940138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940138" title="Edward Boyle, Baron Boyle of Handsworth">
Edward Boyle, Baron Boyle of Handsworth

Edward Charles Gurney Boyle, Baron Boyle of Handsworth, CH, PC (31 August 1923 – 28 September 1981) was a British Conservative Party politician, and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Leeds.
Early life and career.
Boyle was born in Kensington, London, the eldest son of Sir Edward Boyle, 2nd Baronet, and succeeded to his father's baronetcy in 1945. He was educated at Eton and graduated from Christ Church, Oxford, in 1949 with a third-class degree in history. From 1942–45, he was a temporary junior administration officer at the Foreign Office. He worked at Bletchley Park in intelligence.
Political career.
In 1950, he entered the Parliament as MP for Birmingham Handsworth, a seat he would hold until his retirement in 1970. During this time, he was also: Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Under-Secretary of State for Air, from 1951–52 and to the Under-Secretary of State for Defence in 1952; Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Supply from 1954–55; Economic Secretary to the Treasury from 1955–56; Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Education from 1957–59; Financial Secretary to the Treasury from 1959–62; Minister of Education from 1962–64 and Minister of State for Education and Science in 1964.
He was awarded an Honorary Degree (Doctor of Laws) by the University of Bath in 1968.
After 1970.
In 1970, Boyle was awarded a life peerage as Baron Boyle of Handsworth, of Salehurst in the County of Sussex and became Vice-Chancellor of the University of Leeds. From 1970–81, he was a Trustee of the British Museum and he was Chairman of the Committee of Vice-Chancellors and Principals of UK Universities from 1977–79.
In 1977 he had been due to deliver the Reith Lectures for the BBC. Despite 2 years' preparation time, he withdrew with 3 months notice.
Boyle was appointed a Companion of Honour (CH) on 13 June 1981.
Boyle died from cancer in Leeds on 28 September 1981, aged 58. He was unmarried and childless and whilst his life peerage became extinct at his death, his baronetcy passed to his brother, Richard.

</doc>
<doc id="5940141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940141" title="Mauricio Vincello">
Mauricio Vincello

Mauricio Vincello (born August 19, 1977 in Salto, Misiones Province, Argentina) is an Argentine former football defender.
Playing career.
Vincello began his career in his native country in Argentina with the youth teams of Defensores de Salto, and San Lorenzo de Almagro.
Toronto Lynx.
In 2000 he was signed by the Toronto Lynx after impressing at the Copa Latina tournament in Miami. With the Lynx he played in a minimum of 20 games per season from 2000 to 2003, and he averaged a total of 2,092.5 minutes spent on the field per season. And he scored his first goal for the Lynx on June 15, 2003 against the Calgary Storm.
Montreal Impact.
On February 25, 2004 he was acquired by the Montreal Impact in exchange for Andres Arango. During the 2004 season he was the Impact’s best offensive defender with two goals and four assists over the regular season. He scored his first goal with the Impact May 28, 2004 in a 4-1 win over his former team the Toronto Lynx. As well helped the team collect a total of 19 shutouts, a league record at the time. During the playoffs he started in all five games and he scored the game-winning goal in the championship game where the Impact won 2-0 against the Seattle Sounders to claim the championship. 
The following season he was one of four players to spend more than 2,000 minutes of play on the field over the regular season. For the second time in a row he was the Impact’s leading scorer among the team’s defenders with two goals and three assists. In 2005 he helped the Impact to a 15-game undefeated streak, which marked a new league record. As well win the regular-season title and the Voyageurs Cup. 
During the 2006 season he helped the Impact post the best defense in the league for a fourth straight year, allowing only 15 goals in 28 games, a team record first set in 2004 and tied for the first time last year. Also helped the Impact collect 16 shutouts in 28 games, the second best total in club history tied with last year’s, and three behind the league record of 19 set in 2004. He was also named into the USL All-Star Team that played English club Sheffield Wednesday to a 0-0 draw. And for the second straight year he helped win the regular-season title and help win his third Voyageurs Cup. At the conclusion of the season he was awarded the Giuseppe-Saputo Trophy as the Impact team MVP. 
In 2007 he scored two goals and added one assist in the first quarter-final game against the Puerto Rico Islanders winning the game 3-2, but in the second quarter-final Montreal were eliminated losing 3-0 to the Islanders on a 5-3 aggregate goals. 
His highlights during the season were on August 26, 2007 where he played his 100th game for the Montreal club, becoming the 12th player in Impact history to reach this mark. And he was selected four times to the USL D1 Team of the Week. On September 25 at the team’s annual awards banquet he was awarded Montreal' Defensive Player of the Year award. Impact head coach quoted saying: 
"Mauricio showed once again this year that he is the best left back in the league. He was essential to the team’s success this season both defensively and offensively." 
On February 19, 2008 he announced his retirement from football.

</doc>
<doc id="5940145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940145" title="Big Gun">
Big Gun

"Big Gun" is a song by AC/DC. It was released as a single in 1993 and can be heard on the soundtrack to the Arnold Schwarzenegger movie "Last Action Hero", as well as during reruns of the Savage Nation talk show as bumper music. It was later released on the 2009 box set "Backtracks". It became the band's first No. 1 on the Album Rock Tracks chart in 1993.
AC/DC has played the song live only once during 1996 rehearsals but never at an official show.
Music video.
The music video, directed by David Mallet, begins with Schwarzenegger breaking an entrance door to an AC/DC concert. As he walks around the crowd and the stage, observing each band member, Angus kicks his cap towards him. When Schwarzenegger puts on the cap, his clothes morph into Angus' trademark school uniform costume and signature Gibson SG. He then starts imitating Angus' on-stage antics throughout the video, including a scene in which Angus Young actually climbs up on Schwarzennegger's back and rides around the stage perched on his shoulders while continuing to play his guitar chords. The video also features a young Shavo Odadjian, the future bassist for the Armenian-American alternative metal band System of a Down.
The video was similar to the one for "You Could Be Mine" (released to promote ""), where Schwarzenegger interacted with Guns N' Roses.
The video was released on "Family Jewels Disc 3", part of the 2009 box set "Backtracks". It was not released on the original "Family Jewels", because it contains scenes from the movie and therefore had licensing issues.
As well as its worldwide release on the "Last Action Hero" soundtrack, the song could be found on iTunes with the rest of the soundtrack, making it the only song by AC/DC on iTunes. However, it was removed from iTunes along with "Two Steps Behind" (Def Leppard). Now the song has returned along with AC/DC's entire catalog's addition to iTunes, albeit it still isn't available to purchase as a track on the Last Action Hero soundtrack; instead you can purchase it as a song from AC/DC's 2009 rarities boxset Backtracks.
Personnel.
This was the last song to feature then-drummer Chris Slade, before being asked to leave AC/DC a year later so that Phil Rudd could return to the band.

</doc>
<doc id="5940158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940158" title="Pindall">
Pindall

Pindall can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5940159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940159" title="Craig Reynolds (baseball)">
Craig Reynolds (baseball)

Gordon Craig Reynolds (born December 27, 1952 in Houston, Texas) is a former Major League Baseball (MLB) shortstop who was an inaugural member of the Seattle Mariners. He batted left-handed and threw right.
Early life.
As a senior at Reagan High School in , Reynolds was named the Greater Houston High School Athlete of the Year. He was drafted straight out of high school by the Pittsburgh Pirates in the first round of the 1971 Major League Baseball Draft.
MLB career.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
Reynolds batted a solid .318 in his first professional season with the Gulf Coast League Pirates, but with no power, and he committed 25 errors on the field. His game improved substantially in all areas by , when he batted .299 with six home runs and logged a .957 fielding percentage while splitting the season at double & triple A. He'd emerged as one of the Pirates' top minor league prospects, batting .294 over five minor league seasons when he made his major league debut in . He spent the season in triple-A with the Charleston Charlies before being called up to the Pirates when rosters expanded in September.
Seattle Mariners.
The Seattle Mariners selected Grant Jackson from the New York Yankees with their eleventh pick in the 1976 Major League Baseball expansion draft. A month later, they traded Jackson to the Pirates for Reynolds and Jimmy Sexton.
Reynolds immediately became the starting shortstop in Seattle. His light hitting usually had him at or near the bottom of the Seattle batting order, however, his lack of strikeouts and ability to move runners over landed him in the second spot in the batting order early in the season. He was batting .306 with three home runs, 29 RBI and 27 runs scored at the 1978 All-Star break to be named the Mariners' sole representative on the American League squad, but he did not appear in the game. After that season, he was acquired by his hometown Houston Astros in exchange for future AL strikeout champion Floyd Bannister.
Houston Astros.
After Garry Templeton declined his invitation to the 1979 All-Star Game, National League manager Tommy Lasorda added Reynolds to his team. As a result, Reynolds became the only shortstop in MLB history to be selected to the AL and NL squads in consecutive seasons. He batted .265 his first season with the Astros, but more importantly, he helped solidify the Houston infield with a .965 fielding percentage. After the season he was presented with the Danny Thompson Memorial Award for exemplifying Christian spirit in the Major Leagues.
Reynolds suffered through a subpar season, however, the Astros won their first division crown in franchise history. On May 16, , Reynolds tied the major-league record with three triples in one game. He ended the season tied for the league lead with the San Diego Padres' Gene Richards with twelve in spite of the strike-shortened season.
He played with Astros for 11 seasons, finishing second only to Roger Metzger in all-time games played at shortstop for the team.
Later life.
Reynolds currently serves as a pastor at Second Baptist Church North Campus in Houston.

</doc>
<doc id="5940160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940160" title="Teancum">
Teancum

According to the Book of Mormon, Teancum () was a Nephite military leader. Found in the Book of Alma between Alma 50:35 and Alma 62:40 (inclusive), his period of time shown is 67-60 BC. His major accomplishments include the assassinations of King Amalickiah in 67 BC, and the subsequent assassination of Amalickiah's brother, Ammoron, seven years later. During his time he proved to be a great chief captain in the Nephite army.
History.
Battle with Morianton.
In the years between 71 and 68 BC there was much peace in the land of the Nephites. The exception was a dispute that began to grow in the land of Lehi and the land of Morianton, which were neighboring lands. The inhabitants of the land of Morianton claimed ownership of a part of the land of Lehi. The dispute grew and eventually led to the inhabitants of Morianton attacking the inhabitants of Lehi, led by a man called Morianton. The people of Lehi fled from the attack to the camp of Captain Moroni.
Morianton's forces were afraid that Captain Moroni and his army would attack, so they changed their course and attempted to take the land in the North. Captain Moroni caught hold of the plan when one of Morianton's maid servants, whom he had physically abused, escaped from him and allied herself with Captain Moroni. As a preventative measure, Captain Moroni dispatched a contingent of soldiers led by Teancum in order to stop Morianton and his people from fleeing to the North. In the battle which ensued, Teancum killed Morianton and defeated his army, afterward taking prisoners. He then made an oath with the prisoners, allowing them to go back to their homes if they would "keep the peace. "
Assassination of Amalickiah.
His next notable appearance occurred later in the year 67 BC. The leader of the Lamanite army, Amalickiah, had been taking possession of many Nephite cities which were located on the eastern borders by the seashore. As his army was moving North and capturing Nephite cities, Teancum was marching South with his army attempting to take back those cities. The two armies came to a head on the seashore.
The soldiers of Teancum, skilled and well trained in the ways of warfare, slaughtered Amalickiah's armies during the day and drove them back toward the beaches. Amalickiah's army then pitched their tents on the beach and slept for the night. During the night, Teancum and his servant crept into the camps of the Lamanites, threw a javelin at Amalickiah, which struck him in the heart and killed him immediately, and fled back to his camp without being noticed.
Upon returning to his camp, the victorious Teancum awakened his armies and caused them to prepare for battle with the Lamanite forces. When the Lamanite army awoke that morning, they found their leader dead, which caused the army to retreat back to the city of Mulek for protection.
Retaking of the city of Mulek.
Teancum was next sent to attack the city of Mulek, a Nephite city located south of Bountiful that was captured by the Lamanites in 67 BC. Mulek had been fortified by Captain Moroni before falling into the hands of Amalickiah and thus was a stronghold for the Lamanite forces. Immediately following the demise of Amalickiah, the Lamanite army that was contending with Teancum's army abandoned their attempt to capture Bountiful and retreated to the city of Mulek.
While Teancum was employed in preparing for war, he received orders from Captain Moroni to attempt a retake of the city of Mulek. However, upon marching with his armies into Mulek, he observed that his army was not prepared to contend with the Lamanites in their fortified city. He then returned to Bountiful and awaited the arrival of Captain Moroni and his forces.
When Captain Moroni later arrived with his armies, he called many chief captains of the Nephite forces together for a war council. A strategy was then devised that would cause Teancum to take a small force and march near the city as a decoy while Captain Moroni and his forces would retake Mulek. The operation was successful and the leader of this Zoramite-Lamanite army was killed. The city of Mulek was again in the possession of the Nephites.
Assassination of Ammoron and death.
In 60 BC, a large battle occurred after the retaking of the city of Nephihah from the Lamanites. His force marched to meet the Lamanites with the armies of Lehi and Captain Moroni. Both sides were greatly fatigued because of the long march. Teancum was angered by Amalickiah and Ammoron for starting the war. He believed if he were to kill Ammoron, the Lamanite army would accept defeat. He, in striking similarity with his previous encounter with Amalickiah, went out into the night and let himself over the wall using a rope. He crept into Ammoron's tent, threw a javelin at him, and struck him near the heart. The blow, however, was not immediately fatal and Ammoron cried out, awakening his servants. Teancum fled, but the servants of the king chased him and killed him. His death was greatly mourned by Captain Moroni and Lehi.
Town.
Teancum is also the name of a Nephite town that played an important role during the war in Mormon's time. During the late 4th century, the Lamanites drove the Nephites out of Teancum and took possession of it.

</doc>
<doc id="5940167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940167" title="Romain Gijssels">
Romain Gijssels

Romain Gijssels (Denderwindeke, 10 March 1907 - Paris, 31 March 1978) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer between 1930 and 1936.
In 1932, Gijssels won both the Tour of Flanders and Paris–Roubaix in the same season, which (up to 2006) has only been accomplished by nine riders.

</doc>
<doc id="5940173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940173" title="Pine Forest">
Pine Forest

Pine forest may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5940178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940178" title="Kaytanhousuja">
Kaytanhousuja

Kaytanhousuja is an independent band from Savonia, Finland. The band plays rock music in various humorous flavors. Kaytanhousuja was formed in the city of Iisalmi in the year 2000 and it is still active. Kaytanhousuja was one of the first Finnish bands to self-publish their music over the Internet. All of their some 40 songs are freely downloadable. [http://kaytanhousuja.com/?s=biisit] They include "Tarja", a song about woman named Tarja, and "Kaljaa ainiaan" ("Beer forever"), a tragicomic drinking song that has spread also off-line and that some radio programs play for the humor.
For several years, the band has placed in the music competitions of the Assembly demo party. Laitinen (using the handle "swallow") sings the song "Lätkäjätkät vie mun naiset" ("Hockey jocks take all my women", composed by "Wode") which placed second in the MP3 music competition in 1999.
The name "Kaytanhousuja" is an umlaut-less version of the Finnish words "käytän housuja", meaning "I wear trousers".

</doc>
<doc id="5940188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940188" title="Hazlehead Academy">
Hazlehead Academy

Hazlehead Academy is a comprehensive secondary school in Aberdeen, Scotland. It has four main feeder primary schools, which are Airyhall Primary School, Fernielea Primary School, Hazlehead Primary School and Kingsford Primary School - in addition to this, pupils who have been part of a Gaelic unit at Aberdeen's Gilcomstoun Primary School can transfer to Hazlehead, which offers Gaelic as part of the curriculum. 
Also Holy Family School, Mile End pupils, Muirfield pupils and Kingswells children can attend Hazlehead, as well as former St. Joseph's pupils.
History.
Hazlehead Academy is a six-year comprehensive school on the western edges of Aberdeen, adjacent to Hazlehead Park. It has a long history stretching back for over 100 years, though it has only existed in its present form since 1970, when the school moved from its former city centre site to the suburb of Hazlehead. 
The school can trace its history back to 1894, when it was founded as the "Central Public School." At this stage, it was a school for advanced education, and accepted pupils from all over the city. this role was reflected in a name change to "The Central Higher School." 
In 1924, the school became open to all pupils as a general secondary school, and was once more renamed as "The Central Secondary School." In 1954, the name was changed for the last time before it moved, and it became "Aberdeen Academy". At this point it was one of three selective 'Senior Secondaries' though the only one catering for both girls and boys in the same school.
Following the move to the new site in Groat's Road, the new buildings were officially opened by Queen Elizabeth II on 7 October 1970.
About the School.
Hazlehead Academy's current Head Teacher is Ms Alison Murison who took up post in August 2009 after Mr Brian Wood retired after 16 years as Head Teacher. During his time at the academy it has seen many changes but the school population has remained steady at around 900 pupils. The school has a very strong reputation in sporting activities, several pupils having represented Scotland at national level in a variety of sports.
Houses.
The school used to have only two houses, North and South. Pupils were split into these for a year-long inter-house competition. More recently there were five, but at the end of the 2010/2011 session the "Bruce" house was dissolved, and the Bruce pupils were divided amongst the remaining four houses: Craigievar (green), Dunecht (yellow), Greyfriars (white) and Marischal (red). , the interhouse competition includes a tug-of-war competition. It also has Tutor Team Challenges for each yeargroup, cross country and a Just a Minute competition in which pupils have to speak for a minute on a given subject without hesitation, repetition or deviation. 2010's winners were Greyfriars House for the third year in succession.

</doc>
<doc id="5940198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940198" title="Pride Final Conflict 2005">
Pride Final Conflict 2005

Pride Final Conflict 2005 was a mixed martial arts event held by the Pride Fighting Championships. This event featured the much anticipated heavyweight title fight between Fedor Emelianenko and Mirko Filipovic and also the final round of the 2005 Middleweight Tournament. It took place on August 28, 2005, at the Saitama Super Arena in Saitama, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5940208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940208" title="Hengduan Mountains">
Hengduan Mountains

The Hengduan Mountains () is a large mountainous region in southwest China (Latitude: 22°~32°05'N, Longitude: 97°~ 103°E), forming the south-eastern part of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau, and adjacent from the west to the Sichuan Basin. 
The mountainous region occupies most of the western part of the present-day Sichuan province (the pre-1955 Xikang), as well as the northwestern corner of Yunnan province and the easternmost section of Tibet Autonomous Region. This approximates the historical region known as Kham.
Mountain ranges in the southern end of the Hengduan system form the border between Burma and China. 
The Hengduan Mountains subalpine conifer forests is a palaearctic ecoregion, in the Temperate coniferous forests Biome.
Geography.
The Hengduan Mountains system consist of many mountain ranges, most of which run roughly north to south. Among them are the great Daxue and Qionglai ranges, defining the eastern edge of the Tibetan Plateau and the western rim of the Sichuan Basin. Smaller ranges forming the eastern edge of the Hengduan system include the Daxiangling and Xiaoxiangling ranges.
In the southwestern part of the Hengduan Mountain region, three great rivers of China and Southeast Asia - Yangtze (Jinsha), Mekong (Lancang) and Salween (Nujiang) - run in deep parallel valleys separated by mountain ranges that are components of the Hengduan system. The Three Parallel Rivers of Yunnan Protected Areas 
is created to protect the environment of that region. A bit further to the southeast, the Yangtze changes direction several times, and passes through the famous Tiger Leaping Gorge between the Jade Dragon Snow Mountains and Haba Xueshan.
Plant and animal life.
Part of the mountains are within the Nujiang Langcang Gorge alpine conifer and mixed forests ecoregion and are largely covered in subalpine conifer forest. Elevations range from . The dense, pristine forest, the relative isolation and the fact that most of the area remained free from glaciation during the ice ages provides a very complex habitat with a high degree of biological diversity. This mountainous region is home to the rare and endangered Giant Panda. Other species native to the mountains are the Chinese yew ("Taxus chinensis") and various other rare plants, deer, and primates.
Environmental groups have recognized this ecoregion as being threatened by "a growing human population and the resulting demand for non-timber forests and wildlife products for medicinal and other uses".

</doc>
<doc id="5940227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940227" title="Orta (disambiguation)">
Orta (disambiguation)

Orta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5940236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940236" title="Langrisser III">
Langrisser III

Langrisser III is the sequel to "Langrisser II", released in a number of Asian countries but not in the West. It is the first 32-bit installment in the series.
"Langrisser III" introduced a non-linear relationship system similar to dating sims. Depending on the player's choices and actions, the feelings of the female allies will change towards the player character, who will end up with the female ally he is closest with.
Story.
Even though "Langrisser III" is titled as such, it is a prequel to the first two titles in the series, and deals with the creation of the sword Langrisser. Consequentially, it is also set before the prequel series "Elthlead", and lays the foundation for the wars which take place in that strategy series. The game also introduces the genealogies which dominate most of the Langrisser series, with the exception of "Langrisser IV", which is set on the Western continent Yeless.
Limited Edition.
The limited edition of "Langrisser III" includes an artbook and a holographic cover.

</doc>
<doc id="5940241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940241" title="Doug Smith (offensive lineman)">
Doug Smith (offensive lineman)

Carl Douglas Smith (born November 25, 1956 in Columbus, Ohio U.S.) is a former professional American football player who played the positions of center and offensive guard for the Los Angeles Rams from the 1978 season through the 1991 season. Smith attended Bowling Green State University, in Bowling Green, Ohio, and graduated from Northland High School in Columbus on June 9, 1974.
Center for the Rams.
After serving in a backup role for 4 years, Smith replaced Rich Saul as the starting center in 1982. In that 1982 to 1991 span, the Rams made the playoffs 6 times: 1983 to 1986, 1988, and 1989. Los Angeles won a wild card game in the 1983-84 NFL playoffs against the Dallas Cowboys, as Smith with guards Kent Hill and Dennis Harrah and with tackles Bill Bain and Jackie Slater led Eric Dickerson to 99 rushing yards, but lost to the Washington Redskins in the divisional round. In the 1984-85 NFL playoffs, Los Angeles lost in the divisional round again, this time to the New York Giants. In the 1985-86 NFL playoffs, Smith was replaced by Tony Slaton as the Rams won a divisional round game against the Cowboys, but were shut out in the NFC championship game by the legendary Chicago Bears defense of '85. In the 1986-87 NFL playoffs, the Rams lost a wild card game to the Redskins, as Smith, Harrah, and left guard Tom Newberry had a somewhat difficult time against their defensive line, rushing 41 times for 138 yards. In the 1988-89 NFL playoffs, the Rams lost a wild card game to the Minnesota Vikings. In the 1989-90 NFL playoffs, the Rams defeated the Philadelphia Eagles in the wild card game and the Giants in the divisional round, but lost to the San Francisco 49ers in the NFC championship game. In the Philly game, Smith, with Newberry and Slaton at guards, Irv Pankey and Slater at tackles, helped Greg Bell rush for 124 yards in 23 carries. In the Giant game, the same offensive line (except for Duval Love replacing Slaton at right guard), led Bell to 87 yards rushing in 19 carries in their over-time victory. Then the Rams plummeted to 5-11 and 3-13 won-lost records in 1990 and 1991. In 1992, Smith was replaced by Bern Brostek.

</doc>
<doc id="5940243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940243" title="International Islamic Fiqh Academy, Jeddah">
International Islamic Fiqh Academy, Jeddah

Islamic Fiqh Academy (Arabic: مجمع الفقه الاسلامي الدولي) is an Academy for advanced study of Islam based in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. It was created at the decision of the second summit of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC) 1974 and inaugurated in February 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="5940247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940247" title="Barbara Oliver Hagerman">
Barbara Oliver Hagerman

Barbara Oliver Hagerman, OPEI (born February 9, 1943) is a distinguished Canadian music teacher and performer and was the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island. She is the second woman in the province's history to hold this position.
Life and career.
Born in Hartland, New Brunswick, Hagerman received a degree from Mount Allison University specializing in voice and organ, and began her career in music in Charlottetown and Summerside, Charlottetown being her current place of residence. She had a very distinguished performance career on the island as a vocal soloist with the P.E.I. Symphony Orchestra. For seventeen years she was the conductor of the Summerside Community Choir which performed throughout the Maritimes and even at Carnegie Hall under her leadership. 
She is an active volunteer as well as a great participant in Canada's music domain. She has volunteered with the Federation of Canadian Music Festivals and the P.E.I. Music Festival Association, and she has also helped seniors and children with special needs.
She is married to Nelson Hagerman, and together they have two children and two grandchildren. Hagerman's mother lives in Summerside. 
Her appointment to represent Queen Elizabeth II on Prince Edward Island as Lieutenant-Governor was confirmed by the office of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper on July 12, 2006. Hagerman was installed as Lieutenant-Governor on July 31, 2006. Her duties as Lieutenant Governor were briefly performed by John A. McQuaid from 12–13 March 2008 as the Administrator of Prince Edward Island).
Before her appointment there was some controversy that it was nothing more than a patronage appointment by Prime Minister Stephen Harper. Barbara Hagerman's husband, Nelson Hagerman was the "treasurer of the P.E.I. Chapter of the Conservative Party of Canada, president of the Winsloe-West Royalty Progressive Conservative Association, and the financial agent for the PC party in the province.". Her husband was also the chief organizer for Belinda Stronach in the 2003 Conservative Party leadership race. Prior to her appointment, she did not have any experience in law or politics.

</doc>
<doc id="5940249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940249" title="Woodford, Queensland">
Woodford, Queensland

Woodford is a small town in Queensland, Australia, on the D'Aguilar Highway 72 km north-west of Brisbane and 24 km west of Caboolture. Its local government area is the Moreton Bay Region. The town is noted for its folk festival that takes place over the New Year holidays. The Woodford Correctional Centre is on the outskirts of town.
History.
In 1841 the Archer brothers established Durundur station along the Stanley River, near where Woodford now stands. After the lease of Durundur expired in October, 1878, some land was thrown open for selection. Mr W. Yates was the first to take possession of his selected portion of the country and he built a hotel near a ford across the river. The hotel, and the town which developed around it, became known, unofficially, as Yatesville.
The town was positioned on a hill closer to the Stanley River than the present day town. When the introduction of a regular mail service required the town to have an official name a meeting was called and 'McConnel' was decided on in honour of the senior partner of Durundur Station ‑ but the Postmaster General would not accept that name. Therefore, another meeting was called and those present called it ‘Woodford' in honour of the junior partner, Mr H.C.Wood, and in recognition of the importance to the community of the ford across the river.
Timber cutting was the town's first primary industry, followed by dairying. A co-operative dairy factory opened in the town in 1904. Most of the timber sourced from the area is sent to a saw mill in Caboolture.
Woodford is the terminus for the disused Kilcoy branch railway line, which reached Woodford in 1909 and extended from Caboolture to Kilcoy. Between Caboolture (where it branches from the North Coast railway line) and Wamuran, the tracks and corridor are mostly still in place. Beyond Wamuran, the railway was removed after its closure in the mid 1960s, and much of the land has been sold.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Woodford is 2,517, 40.2% female and 59.8% male.
The median/average age of the Woodford population is 37 years of age.
82.9% of people living in Woodford were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were New Zealand 4.6%, England 3.4%, Netherlands 0.8%, Scotland 0.7%, Vietnam 0.4%.
74.7% of people speak English as their first language 0.7% Dutch, 0.3% German, 0.1% Filipino, 0.1% French, 0.1% Spanish.
Culture.
Woodford's main claim to fame is the Woodford Folk Festival which is held in the town in December each year.
In 2010 and 2011, the Australian music festival Splendour in the Grass was held in Woodford in the same location as the Folk Festival. The Aboriginal cultural event, the Dreaming Festival, is also held at the same site.
One of the major sporting events in the town each year is the Woodford Annual Fun Run for Peace, which is organised by the Anglican Church. The Anglican parish is also well known for its ecumenical activities and anti-war stance. The local Roman Catholic Church also has a strong ecumenical focus.
Woodford is the home of the Stanley River Cricket Club, which supports junior and senior cricket in the local area.
There is a small rail museum in the town which operates a steam train on the first and third Sunday of each month. On the third Sunday of each month, a small market is held in the middle of the town, consisting mainly of white elephant stalls.
Woodford was also one of the principal locations for the low-budget horror film, "Undead". 
A well-known local landmark up until its closure in 2010 was the Elvis Presley-themed fruit and vegetable shop, "Elvis Parsley's Grapelands."
An agricultural show is held in June each year and attracts a number of visitors.
The town has its own community newspaper.
Urbanisation.
Once a very insular country town, Woodford is now rapidly urbanising with new housing subdivisions being established on Kropp Road and Ironbark Drive during 2010 and 2011. Another new housing estate will be constructed on the outskirts of the town in 2012. In addition, a Woolworths shopping centre opened in the town in 2010.
A sandmining operation has been proposed for the nearby area which, if approved, will further change the culture of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="5940254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940254" title="The Fabulous 8-Track Sound of Superdrag">
The Fabulous 8-Track Sound of Superdrag

The Fabulous 8-Track Sound of Superdrag is a seven-song EP from Superdrag released by Darla Records in 1995. This EP—Superdrag's first—demonstrated many of the stylistic traits typical of the band throughout its existence, including heavily distorted and often simple guitar work, bass guitar lines which convey the instrumental melody (as in "Really Thru" and "Load"), long periods where one or more instruments are either largely idle or absent ("Bloody Hell" and "Load"), and extensive use of vocal harmonies ("Sugar", "Really Thru", and "Load").
Track listing.
All songs written by John Davis.

</doc>
<doc id="5940268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940268" title="NWA Illinois Heavyweight Championship">
NWA Illinois Heavyweight Championship

The NWA Illinois Heavyweight Championship is a championship defended in the NWA CCW professional wrestling promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="5940274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940274" title="History of Denver">
History of Denver

The history of Denver details the history of the City and County of Denver, Colorado, United States from its founding in 1858 to modern-day.
19th century.
Pike's Peak Gold Rush and first settlements.
The Denver area, part of the Territory of Kansas, was sparsely settled until the late 1850s. Occasional parties of prospectors came looking for gold, then moved on. In July 1858, Green Russell and Sam Bates found a small placer deposit near the mouth of Little Dry Creek (in the present-day suburb of Englewood) that yielded about of gold, the first significant gold discovery in the Rocky Mountain region. News spread rapidly and by autumn, hundreds of men were working along the South Platte River. By spring 1859, tens of thousands of gold seekers arrived and the Pike's Peak Gold Rush was under way. In the following two years, about 100,000 gold seekers flocked to the region.
In the summer of 1858 a group from Lawrence, Kansas, arrived and established Montana City on the banks of the South Platte River (modern-day Grant-Frontier Park). This was the first settlement in what would become the Denver Metropolitan Area. The site faded quickly due to poor findings by miners and most of the settlers and some structures moved north to the confluence of the South Platte River and Cherry Creek and formed a new settlement named St. Charles. The location was accessible to existing trails and had previously been the site of seasonal encampments of the Cheyenne and Arapaho.
In October 1858, five weeks after the founding of St. Charles, the town of Auraria was founded by William Greeneberry Russell and party of fellow settlers from Georgia on the south side of Cherry Creek. The town, named for the gold mining settlement of Auraria, Georgia, was formed in response to the high cost of land in St. Charles and gave away lots to anyone willing to build and live there. A post office was opened in Auraria in January 1859 serving the 50 cabins that had already been constructed.
A short time later a third town, called Highland was founded on the west side of the South Platte River. Surrounded by steep bluffs and separated from the other two settlements by the river, it was slow to develop.
Larimer Party.
In November 1858, General William Larimer, a land speculator from eastern Kansas, placed logs to stake a square-mile claim on the site of the St. Charles claim, across the creek from the existing mining settlement of Auraria. The majority of the settlers in St. Charles had returned to Kansas for the winter and left only a small number of people behind to guard their claim. Larimer and his followers gave the representatives whiskey, promises, and threats and the St. Charles claim was surrendered.
The name of the site was changed to "Denver City" after Kansas Territorial Governor James W. Denver, in an attempt to ensure that the city would become the county seat of then Arapaho County, Kansas. Ironically, when Larimer named the city after Denver to curry favor with him, Denver had already resigned as governor and no longer had say in naming the capitol.
Denver at first was a mining settlement, where gold prospectors panned gold from the sands of nearby Cherry Creek and the South Platte River. Larimer, along with associates in the Denver City Land Company, laid out the roads parallel to the creek and sold parcels in the town to merchants and miners, with the intention of creating a major city that would cater to new immigrants. In the early years, land parcels were often traded for grubstakes or gambled away by miners in Auraria. But the prospectors discovered that the gold deposits in these streams were discouragingly poor and quickly exhausted. When rich gold deposits were discovered in the mountains west of Denver in early 1859 it appeared that Denver City might become a ghost town as prospectors left for more lucrative claims. But once the gold rush began there was a great need for materials that couldn't be produced locally which assured Denver's future as a supply hub for the new mines.
Before the gold rush, trading was sparse in the Denver area. Early expeditions into the area, such as the Pike and Long expeditions, had returned east referring to the plains as the "Great American Desert" which deterred immigration. Despite this, frontier posts and forts existed and traded with the natives and frontiersmen. However the closest major trading routes, the Oregon and Santa Fe Trails, didn't come with in a hundred miles of the Denver area. Until a permanent trading route was established the locals had to make due with what little extra new immigrants brought with them.
Auraria and Denver began to compete for businesses that could cater to the new immigrants and for domination of the area. Auraria began to take an early lead with the first saloon, smithery, and carpentry shop. But in May 1859, Denver City donated 53 lots to the Leavenworth and Pike’s Peak Express in order to secure the region’s first overland wagon route. Offering daily service for “passengers, mail, freight, and gold,” the Express reached Denver on a trail that trimmed westward travel time to as few as six days. With supplies being delivered to the Denver side of Cherry Creek, businesses began to move there as well. By June Auraria had 250 buildings compared to Denver's 150 buildings, and both cities were growing quickly. With this growth came a need for a wider government.
The new territory of Colorado.
Denver, Auraria and the land east to the Continental Divide were part of Arapahoe County which encompassed the entire western portion of the Kansas Territory. At the creation of Arapahoe County in 1855 it was occupied primarily by Cheyenne and Arapaho Indians with only a few white settlers, and thus the county was never organized. With no county government and the leaders of the Kansas Territory preoccupied with the violent events of Bleeding Kansas, little time or attention was given to those in Arapahoe County even by the United States Congress who were preoccupied with threats of secession by the slave states. In addition the mine fields were beginning to move beyond the borders of the Kansas Territory and because of their importance and ties to mining activity closer to Denver, calls began for a new territory or state.
Seeking to augment the political power of the free states, the Republican led congress hurriedly admitted the portion of the Territory of Kansas east of the 25th meridian west from Washington to the Union as the free State of Kansas on January 29, 1861. Kansas statehood left the western portion of the now defunct Kansas Territory, which the Jefferson Territory also claimed, officially unorganized.
On February 28, 1861, outgoing U.S. President James Buchanan signed an Act of Congress organizing the free Territory of Colorado. President Abraham Lincoln appointed William Gilpin of Missouri the first Governor of the Territory of Colorado and he arrived in Denver City on May 29, 1861. On June 6, 1861, Governor Steele issued a proclamation declaring the Territory of Jefferson disbanded and urging all employees and residents to abide by the laws governing the United States.
The Colorado General Assembly first met on September 9, 1861 and created 17 counties for the territory on November 1, 1861, including a new Arapahoe County with Denver City as its seat. The legislature approved the reincorporation of the cities of Denver, Auraria, and Highland as Denver City on November 7, 1861 in order to better administer the quickly growing cities.
Denver City served as the Arapahoe County Seat from 1861 until it became its own county in 1902. In 1865, Denver City became the Territorial Capital. With its new-found importance, Denver City shortened its name to just Denver. On August 1, 1876, Denver became the temporary state capital when Colorado was admitted to the Union, and a statewide vote in 1881 made Denver the permanent state capital.
The turbulent 1860s.
Prior to 1861, Denver was technically part of Arapahoe County, Kansas but because the county was never organized there was a lack of government services that resulted in vendettas and vigilantism, but also entrepreneurialism. William Hepworth Dixon, an English traveler, once noted of Denver, "a man's life is of no more worth than a dog's" but that in its people he saw "perseverance, generosity, enterprise." After Colorado became a territory courts were set up, judges were appointed, and laws were created but mob justice was still common.
The same year that Colorado became a territory, the American Civil War broke out and Colorado was not spared. Most Denverites were from the North and their support for the Union drove many Southerners from town, including Denver's first mayor John C. Moore. William Gilpin, Colorado's first territorial governor, organized Colorado's volunteer militia, and sent them south in February 1862 to fight Confederate Texans at the Battle of Glorieta Pass. With resources tied up in the war there was little left over for mines, farms, and infrastructure and Denver stagnated.
Though Denver surpassed most other cities in Colorado at the time and was transforming itself, it was still considered a frontier town. Churches, lacking permanent facilities, often held their services in public halls or saloons and children attended pay schools led by teachers of questionable ability. Gold mining declined as miners exhausted the shallow parts of the veins that contained free gold, and found that their amalgamation mills could not recover gold from the deeper sulfide ores. Many people left Colorado, and often those that stayed lacked continuous work during the economic slump, spending their time drinking and getting into fights.
Denver's early wooden buildings were extremely flammable and on July 15, 1862 citizens organized a volunteer Fire Department. Unfortunately, almost a year later, carts and buckets were still on order, and firemen were untrained and untried. On April 19, 1863, a fire broke out in the center of downtown Denver. High winds fed the sparks and, in a few hours, a great majority of the wooden buildings in the heart of Denver had been destroyed. Losses totaled over $250,000, and although the buildings themselves were of minimal value, the loss of inventory devastated many new businesses. As a result of the fire, new laws were passed to prohibit using wood and other flammable materials to construct downtown buildings. Denver's new buildings were built with brick, often larger than the original. As the rebuilding progressed, Denver began to look like a town rather than a temporary campground.
On May 19, 1864, just over a year after the fire, the spring melt combined with heavy rains caused severe flooding on Cherry Creek. The flooding severely affected the low-lying Auraria, destroying the "Rocky Mountain News" building, the Methodist Church, City Hall, and numerous offices, warehouses, and outbuildings. Eight Denver residents had been killed, and enormous number of livestock had been drowned. Financial losses totaled approximately $350,000 and left many homeless. The water was badly contaminated and threatened a major epidemic. Despite these overwhelming losses, rebuilding began almost immediately. Ignoring the risk, many rebuilt well within the flood plain, and flood waters continued to engulf Denver in 1875, 1878, 1912, and 1933. It was not until the 1950s, when the Army Corps of Engineers completed Cherry Creek Dam, that the flooding was stopped.
The summer of 1865 saw attacks on supply trains and market manipulations drive up prices. In 1865, grasshoppers swarmed through the area stripping away all the vegetation. Real estate values fell so low that entire blocks changed hands during poker games. The town's population shrank from 4,749 in 1860, to only about 3,500 in 1866. Many of the original gold miners and town founders were among those who left.
By the mid-1860s the Civil War was over and Denver had survived many tragedies. The city began to grow again and ended the decade with a population of 4,759. With the freeing up of capital that the end of war brought, new investment was once again possible. Denverites began to look toward the next step for growing their city, ensuring the route of the transcontinental railroad traveled through Denver.
The Transcontinental Railroad.
With investment once again flowing into the Denver area transportation became a greater concern. Transporting goods to and from Denver was a large expense, an expense that railroads could alleviate. In 1862 the United States Congress passed the Pacific Railway Act and Coloradans were excited at the prospect of the railroad crossing the Rockies Mountains through Colorado despite the dismal surveys by John C. Frémont and John Williams Gunnison. When the Union Pacific Railroad choose to go north through Cheyenne, Wyoming many at the time expected that Cheyenne would blossom into the major population center of the region. Thomas Durant, vice president of the Union Pacific, pronounced Denver "too dead to bury." Colorado Territorial Governor John Evans declared that "Colorado without railroads is comparatively worthless."
As a result, Evans, together with other local business leaders, partnered with East Coast investors to form a railroad company that would link Denver and the Colorado Territory with the national rail network. The company was incorporated on November 19, 1867 as the "Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph Company." The sense of urgency for the Denver boosters was enhanced by the formation of a rival, the Colorado, Clear Creek and Pacific Railway (later the Colorado Central Railroad), by W.A.H. Loveland and citizens of nearby Golden, with the intention of linking that city directly with Cheyenne and making Golden the natural hub of the territory.
Within several days, the company sold $300,000 in stock, but were unable to raise further funds to begin construction. The efforts seemed to be on the brink of failure when Evans was able to persuade Congress to grant the company of land on the condition that the company build a line connecting the Union Pacific line in Wyoming with the existing Kansas Pacific line, which then extended only as far west as central Kansas.
Racing to beat the Golden investors, the company broke ground on its Cheyenne line on May 18, 1868 and took approximately two years to complete. The first train from Cheyenne arrived in Denver on June 24, 1870. Two months later, in August 1870, the Kansas Pacific completed its line to Denver and the first train arrived from Kansas. With the completion of the Kansas Pacific line to Denver, the Denver Pacific became integral to the first transcontinental rail link between the east and west coasts of America. While the Union Pacific line had been declared finished in 1869 with the Golden spike event in Utah, linking it with the Central Pacific Railroad, passengers were required to disembark the train and cross the Missouri River at Omaha by boat. With the completion of the Denver Pacific line, it was finally possible to embark a train on the east coast and disembark on the west coast.
The Denver Pacific's rival, the Colorado Central line from Golden, was not completed until 1877. By this time, Denver had established its supremacy over its rival as the population center and capital city of the newly admitted State of Colorado. The railroad brought residents, tourists, and much-needed supplies. In the 1870s, it is estimated that the railroad brought 100 new residents to Denver each day. Population statistics bear this out, for Denver's population soared from 4,759 in 1870 to over 35,000 by 1880. In addition to bringing new residents, it put Denver on the map as a tourist destination and brought 1,067 visitors in its first month of operation. That first month also brought of freight. Denver now had the people and supplies it needed to flourish and solidify its dominance in the region.
Denver during the silver boom.
Silver was discovered near Montezuma, Georgetown, Central City and Idaho Springs in the mid-1860s, but mining was delayed for the most part until smelters were built in the late 1860s. Despite the early silver discoveries, Colorado’s largest silver district, Leadville, was not discovered until 1874. With silver mining in Colorado booming much wealth came to the residents of Denver.
The city's economy was gaining a more stable base rooted in railroads, wholesale trade, manufacturing, food processing, and servicing the growing agricultural and ranching hinterland. Between 1870 and 1890, manufacturing output soared from $600,000 to $40 million, and population grew by a factor of 20 times to 107,000. By 1890, Denver had grown to be the 26th largest city in America, and the fifth-largest city west of the Mississippi River. The rapid growth of these years attracted millionaires and their mansions, as well as poverty and crime.
From Denver's start as a gold mining town through its transformation into a supplier of goods and services, it had always been a place where miners, workers, and travelers could spend their hard earned money. Saloons and gambling dens sprung up quickly after the founding. In 1859, the Apollo Hall theater opened followed over the years by such notables as the Denver Theatre, home to the city's first opera performance in 1864, and the Broadway Theatre which brought in internationally renowned performers, but none was quite as luxurious as the Tabor Grand Opera House built in 1881.
Built by Horace Tabor with the money he had made mining silver, the Tabor Grand Opera House in Denver was said to be the most opulent building and the best-equipped theater between Chicago and San Francisco at its opening. It occupied the entire block and was claimed to have single-handedly changed Denver's image of itself from a frontier boomtown to a world class city. The following years saw many other grand buildings erected, including Union Station in 1881, the 10-story Brown Palace Hotel in 1892, and the Colorado State Capitol Building in 1894 as well as splendid homes for millionaires like the Croke, Patterson, Campbell Mansion at 11th and Pennsylvania and the now-demolished Moffat Mansion at 8th and Grant. The city was beginning to take on a "big city" image.
The 1880s and 1890s saw corruption as well as progress. Underworld bosses such as Soapy Smith and Lou Blonger worked side-by-side with city officials and police to profit from gambling and other criminal enterprises. There were a range of bawdy houses, from the sumptuous quarters of renowned madams such as Mattie Silks and Jenny Rogers to the squalid "cribs" located a few blocks farther north along Market Street. Edward Chase ran card games and regularly entertained many of Denver's most influential leaders. Gambling flourished and bunco artists exploited every chance to separate miners from their hard-earned gold. Business was good; visitors spent lavishly, then left town. As long as madams conducted their business discreetly, and "crib girls" did not advertise their availability too crudely, authorities took their bribes and looked the other way. Occasional cleanups and crack downs satisfied the demands for reform.
Prior to Colorado becoming a territory in 1861, there were no functioning court system and justice was carried out by the public. Once a territory, a justice system was set up for the county but it wasn't until 1874 that Denver created a position for chief of police. These early lawmen had to deal with the Vigilance Committee, often called the Law and Order League, which took matters of law into its own hands. Elizabeth Wallace writes of these vigilantes, "A judge presided and the offender was tried by a group of his peers. Once given, the decision was final. Between 1859 and 1860 fourteen men were accused of murder and were brought before a jury of twelve men and at least one judge presiding. Six of the fourteen men were sentenced to death."
Crime and corruption brought out others who wanted to combat it. Women's suffrage came early, in 1893, led by married middle class women who organized first for prohibition and then for suffrage, with the goal of upholding republican citizenship for women and purifying society. The Social Gospel was the religious wing of the progressive movement which had the aim of combating injustice, suffering and poverty in society. Protestants, Reform Jews and Catholics helped build Denver's social welfare system in the early 20th century by providing for the sick and hungry. Thomas Uzzel, leader the Methodist People's Tabernacle, established a free dispensary, an employment bureau, a summer camp, night schools, and English language classes. The Baptist minister Jim Goodheart, city chaplain and director of public welfare in 1918, set up an employment bureau and provided food and lodging for the homeless at the mission he ran. The United Way of America has roots in Denver, where in 1887 church leaders began the Charity Organization Society, which coordinated services and fund raising for 22 agencies. Myron Reed, a leading Christian socialist, pastor of the affluent First Congregational Church and a leader in the city's Charity Organization Society, questioned that organization's efforts to distinguish the "worthy" from the "unworthy" poor, spoke out for the rights of labor unions as well as for African American and Native American rights while denouncing Chinese and eastern European immigrants as dependent tools of corporations who were lowering "American" standards of living.
Around the same time Colorado gained the nickname "The World's Sanatorium" for its dry climate which was considered favorable for curing respiratory diseases, tuberculosis in particular. Many people came from the East Coast looking for a cure, bringing with them training and skills which expand the industrial base of Denver. A number of Jews eventually established two well-renowned hospitals to take care of their health needs and serve their community: National Jewish Hospital for Consumptives (now National Jewish Health) and the Jewish Consumptives' Relief Society.
Intent on transforming Denver into one of the world's great cities, leaders had wooed industry and enticed laborers to work in new factories. Soon, in addition to the elite and a large middle class, Denver had a growing population of German, Italian, and Chinese laborers, soon followed by African-Americans and Spanish-surname workers. Unprepared for this influx, the Denver Depression of 1893 unsettled political, social, and economic balances, laying the foundation for ethnic bigotry, such as the rise of the Ku Klux Klan and the Red Scare, as well as corruption and crime.
The Panic of 1893 and home rule.
In 1893, financial panic swept the nation, and the silver boom collapsed. Denver was already suffering economically due to several successive years of droughts and harsh winters that had hurt the agricultural industry. Agricultural distress, coupled with the withdrawal of foreign investors and the over-expansion of the silver mining industries, led stock prices to decline, banks to close, businesses to fail, and numerous farms to cease operation. With no federal insurance to support the money in the banks, many people lost their life savings. As Denver banks closed, real estate values dropped, smelters stopped working, and Denver Tramway had trouble getting people to ride and pay their fares. The Union Pacific Railroad, which had absorbed both the Denver Pacific and Kansas Pacific in the 1880s, declared bankruptcy.
National unemployment was estimated to be between 12% - 18% in 1894. Wages fell and a wave of severe strikes took place, notable in Colorado was the Cripple Creek miners' strike which lasted five months. As the silver mines began to close due to the continued drop in silver prices, unemployed miners and other workers from the Colorado mountains flooded into Denver in hopes of finding work. Because of the city's inability to take care of the jobless, some train companies began offering reduced or free fares for people wanting to travel from Denver. This effort contributed to the exodus from the city, and Denver's population dropped from 106,000 in 1890 to 90,000 in 1895.
A new municipal charter was given to Denver in 1893 by the state legislature that decentralized much of the mayor's powers into six different administrative departments, two of which were elected, two appointed by the mayor, and the remaining two appointed by the governor. King writes "The plan gave the maximum of opportunity for party groups and corporate control." The municipal board members appointed by the governor had complete financial control over the police, fire, and excise departments. Over half the expenditures of the city went through this board which gave the governor and his party much direct control over Denver.
Governor Davis Hanson Waite, elected in 1893 on a Populist Party reform platform, tried to overturn the corruption in Denver in 1894 by removing police and fire commissioners that he believed were shielding the gamblers and prostitutes that he believed were resulting from and also worsening the depression. The officials refused to leave their positions and were quickly joined by others who felt their jobs were threatened. They barricaded themselves in City Hall, and the state militia were sent to remove them. Federal troops were called in from nearby Fort Logan to intervene and quell the civil strife. Eventually Governor Waite agreed to withdraw the militia and allow the Colorado Supreme Court to decide the case. The court ruled that the governor had authority to replace the commissioners, but he was reprimanded for bringing in the militia, in what became known as the "City Hall War".
That the governor, elected by the entire state, had so much power over the workings of Denver was not lost on the citizens of the city. As the economy faltered, the inefficiency and divisions of the new six department system became more evident. The electorate became disillusioned with the major political parties and in 1895 the first non-partisan mayor in Denver's history was elected, T. S. McMurray. Reelected in 1897, he was ultimately defeated in 1899 in by the "big mitt", a ballot-stuffing campaign. Dissatisfaction with the major political parties that controlled the state legislature led to a "home rule" movement. In 1902 an amendment to the state constitution was passed that allowed cities to adopt home rule and Denver became a consolidated city–county.
The U.S. economy began to recover in 1897 and while jobs slowly began to trickle back into Denver, real estate prices remained depressed through 1900. Throughout the depression, the one constant industry was agriculture. A developed irrigation infrastructure and increasing crop diversification led to a stable food industry throughout the state. Without the jobs brought by the production and processing of food, the depression in Denver would have been much worse. Denver gained back the population it had lost during the depression, mainly through the annexation of neighboring towns, and ended the century with a population of more than 133,000.
20th century.
The Progressive Era.
The Progressive Era brought an Efficiency Movement typified in 1902 when the city and Denver County were made coextensive. In 1904 Robert W. Speer was elected mayor and initiated several projects that added new landmarks, updated existing facilities, or improved the city's landscape including the City Auditorium, the Civic Center and the Denver Museum of Nature and Science. City leaders went to Washington D.C. and after assuring the politicians there that Denver was no longer a frontier town, secured the first major party convention in a western state, the 1908 Democratic National Convention.
Denver pioneered the juvenile court movement under Judge Ben Lindsey, who gained national fame for his efforts. Through his efforts, an act was passed creating a juvenile court in Denver which represented an important advance in relation of the law to children. In 1914, Emily Griffith, a Denver school teacher, opened the Opportunity School which featured language and vocational instruction as both day classes and night classes so that non traditional learners would have the opportunity for self-improvement. Also during this period Denver's park system was expanded and land in the mountains was acquired for a future mountain park system. Cattle pens began to spring up around the existing railroad depots as farmers began shipping their livestock to the existing meat packing industry in Kansas City and Chicago. Local ranchers wanted to concentrate on raising cattle rather than the logistics of shipping them east and in 1906 the first National Western Stock Show was held which quickly became the preeminent livestock show in the region. These events helped raise the national profile of Denver and live up to its nickname, the "Queen City of the Plains."
Labor unions were active in Denver, especially the construction and printing crafts affiliated with the American Federation of Labor (AFL), and the railroad brotherhoods. After being welcomed at the 1908 Democratic National Convention, the AFL unions, who formed the Denver Trades and Labor Assembly, generally supported Democratic candidates. In early 1913, members of the Industrial Workers of the World, known as the Wobblies, conducted a free speech fight in Denver. City authorities had refused to allow IWW organizers to speak to people on street corners. Union members challenged the policy, with the aim of filling the jails to put pressure on city leaders. The Wobbly tactic, which they had employed successfully for half a decade throughout the North and West, clogged the courts so they couldn't handle anything but free speech cases. Taxpayers complained that they were being forced to feed "whole armies of jailed Wobblies." In her autobiography, Emma Goldman wrote of twenty-seven IWW members, arrested during the Denver free speech fight, who were "tortured in the sweat-box for refusing to work on the rock-pile. On their release they marched through the streets with banners and songs..." The union eventually won the right to speak to workers, and within a year had formed two Denver "branches."
On the brink of World War I, Denver mirrored the rest of the nation in wanting to stay neutral. But once America entered the war in 1917, Denver contributed what it could to the war effort. Clothing and supplies were donated, children enrolled in agricultural and garden clubs to free up young men for the war, and mining and agricultural interests were expanded to support the troops and the nation. As prices for goods rose with the demand from the war effort farmers began planting crops in greater numbers and mining companies opened new mines for molybdenum, vanadium, and tungsten.
With the United States fighting the Germans in Europe, anti-German sentiment in Denver was at an all time high. Before the war Germans had been a very prosperous immigrant group, who often congregated in their own ethnic clubs. They had enough political clout to have a law passed in 1877 that required German and gymnastics be taught in public schools, and until 1889 all of Colorado's laws were printed in English, Spanish, and German. The German's built churches and owned interests in mining and agriculture, but many in the temperance movement primarily associated them with the production and consumption of alcohol. Believing all evil began with the drink, prohibitionists cracked down on "un-American" activity and in 1916 alcohol was banned in the state. Many saloon owners and brewers lost their jobs and with the outbreak of World War I, many others were fired and ostracized. German stopped being taught in schools and many Germans abandoned their heritage to avoid conflicts.
Many individuals within the prohibition movement associated the crime and morally corrupt behavior of the cities of America with their large immigrant populations. In a backlash to the new emerging realities of the American demographic, many prohibitionists subscribed to the doctrine of “nativism” in which they endorsed the notion that America was made great as a result of its white Anglo-Saxon ancestry. This fostered xenophobic sentiments towards urban immigrant communities who typically argued in favor of abolishing prohibition. These sentiments led many in Denver to join the Ku Klux Klan (KKK) both because it opposed foreign immigration and because it defended prohibition. Roman Catholic immigrants, particularly of Irish or Italian descent, were often the target of KKK discrimination. These communities gradually became Americanized, and the KKK quickly lost influence especially during KKK member Clarence Morley's term as governor from 1925-1927. As Prohibition lingered on many citizens saw the negative effects: toxic bootleg liquor, corruption, bribery, and binge drinking. Colorado voters suspended the state’s Prohibition laws on July 1, 1933, and while racism and discrimination against a new wave of Mexican and African-American immigrants persisted, the KKK was never again a significant force in Colorado politics.
The Great Depression.
When World War I ended, the economy continued to be strong for a short period. But with less demand for goods, prices dropped and 1918 saw a short recession, followed by a more severe one between 1920 and 1921. The mining industry was hard hit by decreasing prices and increasing foreign competition during the post-war recession years. Coal mining in Colorado was particularly affected as alternative sources of fuel were widely adopted and labor strikes hurt production. In 1928 Denver was on the receiving end of a major natural gas pipeline from Texas and as more households and businesses switched to gas, the more demand for coal fell.
1905 to 1929 saw the longest recorded wet period in Colorado history. This favorable weather combined with war-time demand saw farmers over plant during WWI and significant price drops after the war ended caused many farmers significant losses. Costs began to exceed profits and many farmers were forced to sell their land which was then rented to others or simply left abandoned. Dryland farming was common on the prairies though many farmers removed the native grasses that helped control erosion. In 1929 the national economy crashed leading to the Great Depression. In 1930 the weather turned dry beginning the most widespread and longest lasting drought in Colorado history, a period of time that would later be referred to as the "Dust Bowl." Dry weather, soil erosion, and a depressed economy led to a huge social upheaval felt across the entire nation.
The Dust Bowl decimated agriculture and the Great Depression caused industries and mines to close, their workers laid off. Many of these unemployed came to Denver looking for work and a better life. It was estimated that in 1933 one in four Denverites was out of work. The Hoover administration promised that recession would be over quickly but the economy continued to worsen and Franklin D. Roosevelt won the 1932 presidential election with his promise of a "New Deal". The New Deal brought funds and jobs to Colorado and to Denver. The Historic American Buildings Survey hired architects and photographers to document historic buildings and in the process inspired the nascent historic preservation movement. The Civilian Conservation Corps built trails and campgrounds in Denver's Mountain Parks. The Works Progress Administration build roads, fixed schools and funded artists to decorate government buildings. The new roads and trails encouraged tourism and combined with improvements rail and air travel made Denver a hub for transportation.
In the mid-1920s Denver financed the Moffat Tunnel through the Rocky Mountains which, when it opened in 1928, shortened the distance between Denver and the Pacific coast by . The tunnel opened just as rail travel was undergoing a transformation in the 1930s. The Burlington Railroad introduced the "Zephyr" in 1934 with a record-breaking 13 hours and 5 minutes trip from Denver to Chicago. It was a revolutionary new diesel-powered train, streamlined and luxurious, that changed the public's expectations of rail travel. Having a direct link to the west coast helped Denver compete against Cheyenne and Pueblo for rail business and it quickly became a major hub for railways.
Air travel was advancing around the same period. When mayor Benjamin F. Stapleton opened Denver Municipal Airport in 1929 it was derided as a taxpayer subsidy for the powerful elite who flew for sport. Built northeast of Denver "The Denver Post" complained that it was too far from the city center and the location had been chosen to benefit the mayor's financial backers. But with four gravel runways, one hangar, and a terminal it was greeted by others as "the West's best airport." At the time unpressurized planes were the norm, and transcontinental flights went through Cheyenne or south through Texas as the mountains were smaller there. Denver Municipal Airport was used mainly for mail service and private pilots. As pressurized planes came into general use, the mountains were no longer an issue and the advanced airport attracted major airlines positioning Denver as a major hub for air travel in the region.
The economy began to recover at the end of the decade as World War II started in Europe and demand for goods increased. As America began to gear up for its entrance into the war, Denver was well positioned to benefit from the activity. Denver had been selected for a new training airbase, Lowry Air Force Base which opened in 1938, and in 1941 the Denver Ordnance Plant opened. These facilities brought many jobs with them which in turn attracted more people to the city. Denver had started the decade with just under 288,000 people and by 1940 had over 322,000.
World War II and after.
Until World War II, Denver's economy was dependent mainly on the processing and shipping of minerals and ranch products, especially beef and lamb. Like the rest of the nation most Denverites were isolationists, but after the bombing of Pearl Harbor Denver joined the rest of the nation in the war effort. Denver's leaders continued their efforts to bring businesses to the city during the war and in the years following, specialized industries were introduced into the city, making it a major manufacturing center. One of Denver's selling points was its location away from either coast making an attack highly unlikely. The Rocky Mountain Arsenal, Buckley Air Force Base, and the Denver Ordnance Plant all opened during War World II. In 1941 over 6500 federal employees lived and worked in Denver. With so many federal employees already in Denver it was easier to convince the government to add more and by 1946 the number increased to over 16,000.
After the war many of the facilities continued to be utilized or were converted to different uses, for example the Denver Ordnance Plant was converted into the Denver Federal Center. More federal agencies began to come to the area which already had a large federal footprint and a well trained work force. The Atomic Energy Commission, National Center for Atmospheric Research, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and National Institute of Standards and Technology all opened offices in the Denver area. From 1953 to 1989, the Rocky Flats Plant, a Department of Energy nuclear weapon facility formerly located about from Denver, produced fissile plutonium "pits" for nuclear warheads. A major fire at the facility in 1957, as well as leakage from nuclear waste stored at the site between 1958 and 1968, resulted in the contamination of some parts of Denver, to varying degrees, with plutonium-239, a harmful radioactive substance with a half-life of 24,200 years. Studies have linked the contamination to an increase in birth defects and cancer incidence in central Denver and nearer Rocky Flats. With the large military and federal presence in the area the aerospace industry followed. Large corporations such as IBM, Hewlett-Packard, Honeywell, Ball Aerospace, and Lockheed-Martin came to Denver. These businesses brought jobs and money with them and began to influence the city displacing the wealthy entrepreneurs and pioneer families that had previously dominated political life.
In 1947, J. Quigg Newton was elected mayor and began the process of modernizing the government, expanding public housing, setting up one the nation's first civil rights commissions. At the time restrictive racial covenants were common in every major city in the country. Long before the Civil Rights Acts were enacted, the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Commission passed one of the earliest fair housing laws in the nation permitting Mexican-Americans, African-Americans, Japanese-Americans, and Jews to move into neighborhoods previously denied to them. These new laws upset many and contributed to the flight of middle-class families to the suburbs. Despite these laws discrimination was still very prevalent but the work of the Newtons's Human Rights and Community Relations spared Denver some of the racial unrest that occurred in other cities in the post-war years.
Over four million soldiers had come through Denver during the war for training or recuperation and after the war ended many choose to make Denver their home. As Denver's population expanded rapidly, many old buildings were torn down to make way for new housing projects. The Denver Urban Renewal Authority demolished block after block to make room for apartments and parking lots. Many of Denver's finest buildings from the frontier era were demolished, including the Tabor Opera House, as the city expanded upward and outward. By 1950 middle-class families were moving away from the downtown area seeking larger houses and better schools; the suburbs multiplied as more people moved out of the city. In the 1960s Victorian homes were considered old-fashioned and unpopular and were targeted for demolition. The destruction of so many of these homes spurred Denverites to form the Denver Landmark Preservation Commission and Historic Denver, Inc which raised awareness of the value of these historic buildings and established the local historical preservation movement.
During this time Denver was a gathering point for poets of the "beat generation." Beat icon Neal Cassady was raised on Larimer Street in Denver, and a portion of Jack Kerouac's beat masterpiece On the Road takes place in the city, and is based on the beat's actual experiences in Denver during a road trip. Beat poet Allen Ginsberg lived for a time in the Denver suburb of Lakewood, and he helped found the Buddhist college, Naropa University or the "Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics at Naropa" in nearby Boulder.
Denver was also a gathering place for a new Chicano Movement. In March 1969, a convention hosted by Rodolfo Gonzales's Crusade for Justice was held in Denver and the "Plan Espiritual de Aztlán" was adopted as a manifesto for the movement. The Crusade for Justice was instrumental in bringing attention to the plight of Mexican-Americans living in Denver and laid the ground work for Hispanics to be in city government.
Downtown boom and suburban growth.
After World War II, oil and gas companies opened offices in Denver because of its proximity to the mountains and the energy fields contained within. As the price of oil and gas rose during the 1970s energy crisis these companies fueled a skyscraper boom in the downtown area. A second office core was opened in the suburban Denver Tech Center to accommodate the increasing demand for office space. Many original downtown saloons and old buildings were renovated and revitalized. While many other cities at the time were threatened by crime and bankruptcy Denver was actively growing and renewing its downtown.
In 1969 the Colorado Supreme Court ruled that 'optional' attendance zones constituted segregation and ordered schools to be de-segregated. This triggered the dynamiting of school vehicles and fire-bombing of school buildings. Denver complied with the law by annexing neighboring towns and busing students. By the mid-1970s many wealthy residents were leaving Denver. In 1974 anti-integrationists used the fears about the impact of racial mixing as well as the recent tensions between Denver and its neighbors to pass the Poundstone Amendment to the state constitution. Its supporters claimed the amendment would prevent Denver from abusing its size and status, while detractors pointed out that it greatly limited the ability of the city to absorb other school districts and thus end segregation in its schools.
With the combined spending of the energy companies and the federal government, Denver expanded quickly. Denver went from having a small urban core surrounded by rural farms to a booming downtown dotted with skyscrapers and surrounded by growing suburbs. The majority of the new people settled in the suburbs; Denver's population was essentially flat at about 490,000 from 1960 to 1980 even as the land area grew by . With the expansion came problems. Traffic increased due to poor public transportation and pollution increased due to traffic.
Denver Tramway had been responsible for all public transportation in Denver since the turn of the century, but with aging equipment, low revenues, and lackluster ridership it eventually dissolved. Author Sherah Collins writes, "... in 1970, Denver had more cars per capita than any other place in the country, which is not surprising due to the lack of public transit options." In 1974 the Regional Transportation District took over responsibility for Denver's public transportation. During this period a "brown cloud" began to form over the Front Range, a result of air pollution from the increasing number of cars and people in the area. This cloud of pollution would take more than two decades to get rid of and was a serious concern for people living in the Denver area.
Many people had moved to Denver for the beautiful landscapes and climate. The environment had always been an important issue to Coloradans and when Denver was selected to host the 1976 Winter Olympics to coincide with Colorado's centennial anniversary, a movement against hosting the games was formed based largely on concerns around the environmental impact of having so many people come to the area. Colorado voters struck down ballot initiatives allocating public funds to pay for the high costs of the games, and they were subsequently moved to Innsbruck, Austria. The movement against hosting the games was led by then State Representative Richard Lamm who was subsequently elected as Colorado governor in 1974.
With the 1979 energy crisis the price of oil rose to over $30 a barrel, but by the mid-1980s the price had slid to under $10 a barrel. Thousands of oil and gas industry workers lost their jobs and unemployment rates soared. Downtown Denver had been overbuilt over the past two decades and the cost of office space dropped as office vacancy rates grew to the highest in the nation at 30-percent. Housing prices fell, the exodus from the city to the suburbs continued and the city fell into disrepair. By 1990 the population of the city had fallen to 467,610 the lowest level in over 30 years.
Recession and new growth.
In 1983, Federico Peña became the city's first Latino mayor. One of his central campaign messages was a promise of inclusiveness targeted at minorities. Latino turnout reached 73% in 1983, a contrast to the usually low Latino rates elsewhere. When the economic downturn happened in the mid-1980s, Peña convinced Denverites to reinvest billions in their city even though many critics complained that taking loans in the middle of a recession was foolish. Under the leadership of Peña voters approved a $3 billion airport, the $126 million Colorado Convention Center, a $242 million bond for infrastructure, a $200 million bond for Denver Public Schools, and a 0.1 per cent sales tax to build a new baseball stadium for the Colorado Rockies. Many people worried that Denver was on the wrong track when the city's total bonded indebtedness peaked at over $1 billion.
Mayor Peña worked together with the surrounding suburbs to market Denver as a vibrant city. Using the special tax district model exemplified by the Regional Transportation District, a Scientific and Cultural Facilities District was set up and a 0.1 per cent sales tax was approved by voters to help fund artistic, cultural, and scientific organizations in the Denver metropolitan area. In 1995, these organizations attracted over 7.1 million visitors. But one of Peña's signature achievements was the laying of the foundation for Denver International Airport.
In 1957 Denver's original airport, Stapleton International Airport, was the eighth busiest airport in the nation and by the mid-1980s it had become the seventh-largest airport in the world and fourth-busiest in the United States. When it was initially built east of downtown it was in the middle of farmland, but as the decades passed the city began to surround it and Stapleton no longer had any room to expand. The Colorado General Assembly brokered a deal to annex land from Adams County to Denver County for the new airport, increasing Denver's size by in the single largest annexation in the city's history. Despite opening two years late and shuttering a much hyped automated baggage system, Denver International Airport is widely considered a success and has contributed significantly to economy of the region.
In 1991, at a time when the city was 12% Black and 20% Latino, Wellington Webb won a come-from-behind victory as the city's first black mayor. The Hispanic and Black minority communities supported the candidate at 75-85% levels. Webb, who also won 44% of the white vote, reached out to the business community, promoting downtown economic development and major projects such as the new airport, Coors Field, and a new convention center. During his administration, Denver built the Blair-Caldwell African American Research Library in the historic Five Points Neighborhood, and helped pass several neighborhood bonds for infrastructure improvements citywide.
At the end of the eighties Denver's economy started to grow. In 1989 unemployment dropped to 5.3 percent, down from a high of 9.7 percent in 1982. Pollution-control measures came into force, helping to eliminate the noxious "brown cloud" that had hung over the city. "Lower Downtown", formerly a warehouse district, was renovated and became a focal point for new urban development. With office space in Denver the cheapest in the world, many local companies began locking in long-term leases, which kept those companies in Denver and began to drive prices back up. As inventories emptied out and prices stabilized from speculation of earlier years, Colorado's climate and well educated labor force began to bring people and business back to the area.
As the economy grew so did the population. Many Denverites left the city for the greater space offered by the suburbs, but for each citizen lost others came from out of state to settle in their place. Traffic grew and many people from the suburbs moved out to rural areas. This situation of urban sprawl was a cause of concern, and the Sierra Club ranked the Denver metro area among its 10 worst offenders. In 1999, Colorado residents ranked growth as the state's number one problem. That same year Denver metro area voters approved two property-tax increases to help fund the Transportation Expansion (T-REX) project, which reconstructed congested highways and laid light-rail tracks between downtown and the Tech Center. Colorado's population had expanded from 3.1 million at the beginning of the 1990s to over 4 million by the end, and Denver closed out the decade with more than 554,000 people.
21st century.
With Denver experiencing so much growth, the large scale transportation projects it was undertaking needed to be successful. Fortunately, T-REX was completed in November 2006, 22 months ahead of schedule. The success of T-REX led to public support for the FasTracks expansion project in 2004. These projects helped to alleviate the some of the worst traffic congestion in the metro area, allowing for continued growth.
Through the late 1990s the majority of Denver's economy was concentrated in a few key sectors: energy, government and the military, technology, and agriculture. Over the next decade Denver and Colorado attracted new industries and the Colorado Office of Economic Development and International Trade (OEDIT) says the state now has 14 core industries including health care, financial services and tourism. This diversification of the economy helped cushion the city and state from the global recession of 2008-2010. The fact that Denver's tax base is made up mostly of sales and income tax meant that it felt the economic downturn faster than others, but this meant it also recovered more quickly, helping Denver weather the recession better than many other U.S. cities reliant mainly on property taxes.
Businessman John Hickenlooper was elected mayor in 2003 and reelected in 2007 with 87% of the vote. After he was elected governor of Colorado in 2011, Michael Hancock was elected Denver's second African American mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="5940326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940326" title="Battle of Aizu">
Battle of Aizu

The Battle of Aizu (Japanese:会津戦争, lit. "War of Aizu") was fought in northern Japan in autumn 1868, and was part of the Boshin War. 
Aizu was known for its martial skill, and maintained at any given time, a standing army of over 5000. It was often deployed to security operations on the northern fringes of the country, as far north as southern Sakhalin. Also, in the period immediately before, during, and after Commodore Perry's arrival, Aizu had a presence in security operations around Edo Bay.
During the tenure of the 9th generation lord Matsudaira Katamori, the domain deployed massive amounts of their troops to Kyoto, where Katamori served as Kyoto Shugoshoku. Earning the hatred of the Chōshū domain, and alienating his ally, the Satsuma domain, Katamori retreated with the shogun Tokugawa Yoshinobu in 1868. 
Though the Satsuma-Chōshū controlled Imperial Court, following Yoshinobu's resignation, called for the punishment of Katamori and Aizu as "enemies of the Court," he took great pains to beg for mercy, finally acquiescing to calls for war later in 1868, during the Boshin War. Though the Aizu forces fought as part of the greater efforts of the Ouetsu Reppan Domei, they were eventually abandoned (after the loss at the Battle of Bonari Pass) by the forces of the former Bakufu under Otori Keisuke. Aizu, now fighting alone, had its forces besieged at Tsuruga Castle, the seat of the Aizu domain, in October 1868. This was the start of a month-long siege.
A detached unit from the Byakkotai ("White Tiger Company") — young, predominantly teenage, samurai — are famous for having committed seppuku (a form of ritual suicide) on Mount Iimori, overlooking the castle. Because of the smoke from the burning castle town, which was in between them and the castle itself, they mistakenly assumed that the castle had fallen. Their story is known because of the only one among them whose suicide was unsuccessful: Iinuma Sadakichi.
A remnant of Shinsengumi, a unit which Aizu had supervised while in Kyoto, was present at the battle, under the command of Saitō Hajime.
After a month of siege, Aizu officials agreed to surrender, through the mediation of their neighbor, the Yonezawa Domain. Soon after, Matsudaira Katamori, his son Nobunori, and the senior retainers came before the imperial commanders in person, and offered their unconditional surrender. The samurai population was sent away to prisoner of war camps, and the Aizu domain, as it had been since the mid-17th century, ceased to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="5940339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940339" title="Mario das Neves">
Mario das Neves

Mario Das Neves (born April 27, 1951) is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician. He is the governor of the Argentine province of Chubut.
Biography.
Das Neves was born in Avellaneda (Greater Buenos Aires) to Portuguese parents, and grew up in Santa Fe. He enrolled in Law School, but left after completing 80% of his course load and moved to Chubut at the age of 20 to try out as a footballer for Huracán de Trelew, though without success. Das Neves married the former Raquel Di Perna, and has two children. He became active in the youth wing of the Peronist Justicialist Party, and by 1987 he had a key role in the administration of Trelew's municipality, under Néstor Perl.
Das Neves was candidate for Mayor of Trelew in 1991 and won the first round, but lost in the second. The following year he became leader of the Chubut Justicialist Party and was elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies for Chubut in 1995. From his election he actively campaigned against corruption in the customs operation of Buenos Aires and headed an investigating commission that led to prosecutions. He was named "Best Deputy" in 1997. Das Neves was re-elected as a Deputy in 1999 and was the first chair of the consumer protection committee.
The interim President Adolfo Rodríguez Saá appointed Das Neves Director of Customs at the end of 2001, and he consequently resigned his seat in Congress; when a few days later Eduardo Duhalde became President, he retained Das Neves as Director of Customs. He clashed with Economy Minister Roberto Lavagna, however, and resigned.
Das Neves stood to be Governor of Chubut in November 2003 against the UCR incumbent, José Luis Lizurume. Das Neves won the support of fellow Peronist, newly elected President Néstor Kirchner, although Kirchner and Lizurume had been close; Das Neves won by 45.6% to 41.3%. His cordial relations with Kirchnerism soured by 2009, however, and Das Neves publicly stated that Kirchner had become "arrogant" and partisan to "dividing and conquering" by way of retaining control over Peronism, adding that, despite the former president's professed support, Kirchner was "not my friend." Das Neves later initiated the privatization of a network of provincially owned public services cooperatives.
Governor Das Neves was termed out of office in 2011, and he publicly considered endorsing his wife, Raquel di Perna, or his sister-in-law, Senator Graciela di Perna, as his successor. He ultimately endorsed the Mayor of Comodoro Rivadavia, Martín Buzzi, and his "Modelo Chubut" ticket, . The elections, held on March 20, were too close to call between Buzzi and the Mayor of Puerto Madryn, Carlos Eliceche (Front for Victory). Buzzi's slim margin of victory led to a recount and a judicial injunction against results in six precincts. Following a protracted recount process, as well a court-ordered re-vote held on May 29 in the six impugned precincts, Buzzi was officially elected Governor of Chubut.
Das Neves unsuccessfully sought the Federal Peronist nomination for the Presidency in 2011. He was later nominated by Popular Union candidate Eduardo Duhalde as his running mate.

</doc>
<doc id="5940347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940347" title="Francisco Solano">
Francisco Solano

Francisco Solano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5940358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940358" title="Maryborough Airport">
Maryborough Airport

Maryborough Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5940369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940369" title="Pittstown">
Pittstown

Pittstown can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5940381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940381" title="Star seed">
Star seed

Starseed or star seed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5940386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940386" title="Scottish Tramway and Transport Society">
Scottish Tramway and Transport Society

The Scottish Tramway and Transport Society was founded on 27 June 1951. Until 1983 it was known as the Scottish Tramway Museum Society. The Society was originally formed by tramway enthusiasts, mainly living in the Glasgow area, with a view to preserve a Glasgow "Room and Kitchen" type single deck tramcar (which is now preserved in the city's Riverside Museum). The Society was less successful in attempting to preserve an Aberdeen tram. Tram 73 was Aberdeen's last double deck tram with an open upstairs balcony; it was stored for two years until lack of resources led to its scrapping in 1956.
The closure of Scotland's last tramway (Glasgow in 1962) led to the Society preserving several tramcars, including some in working order at the National Tramway Museum at Crich, near Matlock, Derbyshire. In 1963 the Society published the first edition of its magazine "Scottish Tramlines" which was later renamed "Scottish Transport" - covering all aspects of public transport in Scotland including tramway preservation. The Society has also published many other books of interest to transport enthusiasts, profits from which have largely been donated to the National Tramway Museum for the upkeep of its fleet of historic Scottish tramcars.
In the 1980s the Society started campaigning for the introduction of modern tram systems in Scotland. Since 2008 work on building a new tram line in Edinburgh has been underway and, following extensive delays and contractual disputes, is expected to open by 2014. The completion of this project will be the fulfillment of one of the Society's major ambitions.
See also.
Former major municipal tramways in Scotland:
Museums:
Other links:
References.
"Scottish Transport" magazine (2001 edition, no. 53), published by STTS, Glasgow, ISSN 0048-9808

</doc>
<doc id="5940404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940404" title="John S. Gilmore">
John S. Gilmore

John S. Gilmore is an American sociologist, economist, and researcher who has written extensively about western energy boomtowns in the 1970s and 1980s. 
While employed by the University of Denver Research Institute Gilmore wrote a number of influential papers and books regarding boomtown growth management. The most influential of which is the 1975 book "Boom Town Growth Management: A Case Study of Rock Springs – Green River, Wyoming" (with Mary K. Duff) (Westview, Florida Press). 
Also influential and heavily cited is an article that appeared in the journal Science on February 13, 1976 called "Boomtowns May Hinder Energy Resource Development". The article outlined a hypothetical western boomtown called ‘’Pistol Shot USA’’, which summarized for the first time the social, political, and economic problems various energy boomtowns had been experiencing during the 1970s. 

</doc>
<doc id="5940405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940405" title="Deus otiosus">
Deus otiosus

Deus otiosus or "idle god" is a theological concept used to describe a creator god who largely retires from the world and is no longer involved in its daily operation, a central tenet of Deism. A similar concept is that of the "deus absconditus" or "hidden god" of Thomas Aquinas (1225-1274).
Although Aquinas was a Catholic and not a deist, both his concept of the "hidden god" and the concept of the "idle god" refer to a deity whose existence is not readily knowable by humans solely through contemplation or through the examination of divine actions. The concept of "deus otiosus" often suggests a god who has grown weary from involvement in this world and who has been replaced by younger, more active gods, whereas "deus absconditus" suggests a god who has consciously left this world to hide elsewhere. 
Examples.
In Sumer, the younger gods Enlil and Enki replace the "deus otiosus" An (Eliade: 57). In Greek mythology, the older gods like Uranus and Gaia make way for Cronos and Rhea who in turn are succeeded by the Olympians Zeus and Hera and company. In Hinduism, in many medieval "puranas", Adi Shakti appears as a "deus otiosus", whereas Shiva and Vishnu are the younger, more active gods who are both more readily knowable and approachable. In Baltic mythology Deivas most probably was a "deus otiosus". In Christianity, Martin Luther used the notion of "deus absconditus" to explain the mystery and remoteness of God.

</doc>
<doc id="5940406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940406" title="Seton Village, New Mexico">
Seton Village, New Mexico

Seton Village was an unincorporated community in Santa Fe County, New Mexico, United States. It grew around the 32-room "castle" built by artist, author, and naturalist Ernest Thompson Seton located a few miles southeast of Santa Fe.
The village was built on 100 acres (0.4 km2) purchased by Seton. The tract eventually grew to 2500 acres (10 km2). The Village was home to the Seton Institute, including the Woodcraft League and the College of Indian Wisdom. The village has a view of the Jemez Mountains and Mount Taylor.
Seton Castle.
Beginning in 1933, Seton designed and built his castle. The 32-room, 6,900 square foot (640 m2) multi-level building has a flat-roof and rough hewn stone wall exterior. The interior has oak floors and plaster walls with the ceilings supported by log rafters.
The Castle was built on a hill at an elevation of 7,000 feet (2100 m). It is designated a National Historic Landmark and a New Mexico State Cultural Property. The castle burned down while being restored in 2005. The Academy for the Love of Learning, which owns the property, has decided to preserve the castle ruins as a "contemplative garden."
Seton Village Press.
At Seton's invitation, Maurice and Marceil Taylor moved their printing equipment to New Mexico in 1938 and set up the Seton Village Press. Village Press continued until 1943, when it closed because of the effects of World War II.
Seton Institute.
Housed at the village, the Seton Institute provided Woodcraft and Scouting leaders with a variety of training opportunities. With the outbreak of World War II, this effort ended.
See also.
Seton Village

</doc>
<doc id="5940412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940412" title="Coat of arms of Schleswig">
Coat of arms of Schleswig

The coat of arms of Schleswig or Southern Jutland () depicts two blue lions in a golden shield. It is the heraldic symbol of the former Duchy of Schleswig, originally a Danish province but later disputed between Danes and Germans. The region has been divided between Germany and Denmark since 1920 and the symbol consequently appears in official heraldry in both countries. It is derived from the national coat of arms of Denmark and has been dated to the middle of the 13th century, first known from the arms of Erik Abelsøn, Duke of Schleswig. Throughout the ages, the design has featured both crowned and uncrowned lions, the lions have occasionally been accompanied by hearts and usage between lions and leopards has shifted. The far most common version was to omit both crowns and hearts and this version has been used exclusively for several centuries. 
The blazon in heraldic terms is: "Or, two lions passant in pale Azure armed Or langued Gules." 
Current use.
Denmark.
The unmodified arms of Schleswig is represented in the coat of arms of Denmark's royal family. The symbol has been located in the top-right corner since 1819 as specified by royal decree. The current version was specified by royal decree on July 5, 1972.
A modified form of the symbol was used by the South Jutland County from 1980 until the county was dissolved effective January 1, 2007. The county originally wished to use the historic arms, but official authorisation was withheld to avoid confusion with both the royal coat of arms and the arms of the German "Bundesland" Schleswig-Holstein. This modified version showed the two lions jointly holding a Danish pennant. This was inspired by the medieval seal of Eric of Pomerania in which the three lions jointy hold the Danish flag.
Germany.
The coat of arms of Schleswig-Holstein is a combination of the historic insignia of Holstein and a slightly modified version of the Schleswig arms. This symbol was used by the secessionist German administration of the two duchies during the First War of Schleswig (1848-51) and depicted on the currency issued by this administration. At this time, the lions faced left. The area became a Prussian province following the Second War of Schleswig (1864) and the symbol was restored. The lions have faced right since the 1880s. According to legend, this change was ordered by Otto von Bismarck who noted that it was "impolite" of the Schleswig lions to turn their backs on Holstein. The official insignia is reserved for the government of Schleswig-Holstein, but a slightly modified version is allowed for use by the general public. The lions also appear in the coats of arms of the city of Flensburg, and the "Kreise" Schleswig-Flensburg and Rendsburg-Eckernförde. Many municipal arms in the German part of Schleswig also use insignia featuring either the two lions or the Schleswig colours, blue and yellow.

</doc>
<doc id="5940414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940414" title="Çorbacı">
Çorbacı

Çorbacı (sometimes variously transliterated as chorbaji, chorbadzhi, 
tschorbadji) (,) was a military rank of the corps of Janissaries in the Ottoman Empire, used for the commander of an "orta" (regiment), i.e., approximately corresponding to the rank of colonel. The word is pronounced in Turkish and literally means "soup cook", derived from "çorba", "soup".
However, this word could be connected to an old Turkic word korbashi (head of the unit/campfire). This title was widespread in Turkistan (Central Asia) up until the 1940s, where Korbashis lead local rebel groups called Basmachi (raiders) against the Soviet regime. Because the Janissaries were based on the order of the kitchen (e.g. chef, sous chef), korbashi is not connected to the rank. Janissaries wore spoons on their head dress, and every rank in the corps were kitchen related.
In seafaring, the term was in use for the boss of a ship's crew, a role similar to that of boatswain.
In several predominantly Christian areas of the Ottoman Empire, such as the current Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria, as well as many parts of Eastern Anatolia, the term çorbacı (Macedonian: чорбаџија, "čorbadžija"; Bulgarian: чорбаджия, "chorbadzhiya" Western Armenian: չորպաճի "ch'orbaji") was also as used as a title for (Christian) members of the rural elite, heads of villages and other rural communities and rich peasants. The Ottomans employed them in various administrative positions, such as that of tax collector and in courts of law. Since the 19th century in independent Bulgaria, the term largely fell out of use as the Ottoman system was abandoned. During Ottoman rule the word τσορμπατζης (pronounced chorbajis) was used with the meaning of "mayor" in the Greek Christian communities in the whole area of Thrace and in Western Asia Minor.
The word is still in use in vernacular Turkish and Bulgarian with the meaning of "boss". It is also a common family name among Albanians, Bulgarians, Turks or Ukrainians (e.g. a vice-governor of Odessa is named Ivan Chorbadzhi - Иван Чорбаджи).

</doc>
<doc id="5940419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940419" title="Anastasius Sinaita">
Anastasius Sinaita

Anastasius Sinaïta (, died after 700), also called Anastasios of Sinai, was a prolific and important seventh century Greek ecclesiastical writer, priest, monk, and abbot of Saint Catherine's Monastery at Mount Sinai.
Life.
The little that is known about the life of Anastasius of Sinai is gathered from his own works. In Antiquity, he was often confused with the presbyter and writer Anastasius I of Antioch (559 – 598), and the authorship of various works attributed to Anastasius of Sinai has been vigorously disputed. A canon has been tentatively accepted by modern scholars, but even among these Anastasian works there are spurious sections. His writings concern questions and answers about issues of Christian dogma, ritual, and lifestyle (catechism); sermons; and exegesis. He was fond of tracing the etymologies of key Christian terms; he was erudite in the Bible and early Patristic literature; and he had a pervasive interest in the nature of God and man, especially in the Person of Christ (Christology). He was not reluctant to develop and express his own theories about key ecclesiastical issues, which led to later commentaries, emendations, and perhaps even censorship of parts of his works.
Major works.
His principal works include the "Viae Dux", "Qaestiones et Responsiones", "Hexaemeron", "Homilia i, ii, iii de creatione hominis", and the "Narrationes". The "Viae Dux" - also called the "Hodegos" (Greek transliteration) and "Guide Along the Right Path" (English translation) - was written in defense of the Chalcedonian Creed. A collection of works by Anastasus, the "Viae Dux" served to support the true faith and to counter the attacks of heretics, in particular the Monophysites.
His "Qaestiones et Responsiones" ("Questions and Responses") was a popular genre and falls under the category of pastoral theology. It offers advice, largely to the lay community, on spiritual and sacramental matters, charitable donations, marriage, and other subjects. Here Anastasius reveals a distinctly personal tone and offers a window into the day-to-day existence of ordinary people. It is especially significant because it is an eyewitness account of the expansion of Islam into Sinai and Egypt, which were predominantly Christian, and of the effect that Moslem domination had on Christian life and beliefs.
Anastasius was probably the author of the "Hexaemeron", a commentary in 12 books about the Genesis creation narrative. ("Hexaemeron", sometimes spelled Hexameron, means “six-days”.) Anastasius argues that while Moses was on Mount Sinai, he was inspired by the Holy Spirit to write not only the creation narrative, but also in the same text to prophecy the New Creation through Christ. Thus Adam represents Christ and Eve represent the Church. This extensive exegesis of the beginning of Genesis draws upon commentaries written by many Fathers of the Church, including Clement of Alexandria, Origen, Gregory of Nyssa, Gregory of Nazianzus, and Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite. One reason for some doubts about Anastasius’s authorship is the lack of any surviving manuscript copied before the end of the fifteenth century. The lack of earlier manuscripts, however, could be the result of censorship. The allegorical interpretations of Genesis in the "Hexaemeron" by Anastasius are in many ways a counterpoint to the more literal "Hexaemeron" written by Basil the Great.
References.
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="5940429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940429" title="Deister (horse)">
Deister (horse)

Deister (February 10, 1971 - August 27, 2000) was a horse ridden by Paul Schockemöhle (also Hartwig Steenken). He won many top international competitions in the sport of show jumping. He was three times European Champion. He stood 16.3½ hh (171 cm).

</doc>
<doc id="5940437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940437" title="Jingxing Pass">
Jingxing Pass

Jingxing Pass () is one of the major mountain passes on the Taihang Mountains, site of the famous Battle of Tao River or Battle of Jingxing where the famous general Han Xin (韓信) scored one of his many victories against superior forces.

</doc>
<doc id="5940438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940438" title="May Blood, Baroness Blood">
May Blood, Baroness Blood

May Blood, Baroness Blood of Blackwatertown, MBE (born 26 May 1938) is a Labour member of the British House of Lords.
Blood was born and raised in Belfast and worked in a linen mill from 1952-90 where she soon became an active member of the trade union and a shop steward. She was involved in creating the women's committee in the Trade Union and promoting equality for women at work. Later she worked as a manager of Cairn Martin Wood Products from 1991-94. 
Since 1994, she has been an Information Officer of the Greater Shankill Partnership and is a founding member of the Northern Ireland Women's Coalition. In 1998, she was awarded an honorary degree from the University of Ulster and was awarded a life peerage as Baroness Blood, of Blackwatertown in the County of Armagh in 1999. She was the first woman in Northern Ireland to be given a life peerage. 
She received an honorary D.Univ from the Queen's University of Belfast in 2000, and again from the Open University the following year. In 2007, she published her autobiography, "Watch my Lips, I'm Speaking".

</doc>
<doc id="5940448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940448" title="Silk reeling">
Silk reeling

Silk reeling (pinyin chánsī, Wade-Giles ch'an² ssu1 纏絲) refers to a set of neigong (internal) movement principles expressed in traditional styles of t'ai chi ch'uan, but especially emphasised by the Chen and Wu styles. The name derives from the twisting and spiralling movements of the silkworm larva as it wraps itself in its cocoon, and to the metaphorical principle of "reeling the silk from a silk worm's cocoon". In order to draw out the silk successfully the action must be smooth and consistent without jerking or changing direction sharply. Too fast, the silk breaks, too slow, it sticks to itself and becomes tangled. Thus silk reeling movements are continuous, cyclic, spiralling patterns performed at constant speed with the "light touch" of drawing silk. Silk reeling is trained in solo forms and stances as well as in pushing hands with a partner.
As described by Wu Kung-tsao:
This resembles the strands of spun silk. Winding silk energy is applied in pushing hands when opponents probe, use locking maneuvers, neutralize, vie for control, and practice tactical movements around each other's space.There are six methods of winding silk energy: inner, outer, upper, lower, forward and backward. They are applied from anywhere on the body: the arms, legs, hips and waist, with the body moving continuously, with endless circularity, wrapped together like intertwined filaments of silk.<br>...<br>One who is skilled at winding silk energy is keenly sensitive and can accurately probe and stay with the opponent as he extends and contracts.
Two complementary terms, Chán sī jīng (纏絲精) and Chán sī gōng (纏絲功) refer respectively to Silk-reeling energy and Silk-reeling force. These terms are often used in English interchangeably (and incorrectly). Chán sī jīng refers to the energy that is built up in the body through the practice of correct Taijiquan, while Chán sī gōng refers to the practical outward effect of that energy.
Chen-style silk reeling movements originate from the "dantian" and trace a "taijitu" pattern. Starting first with the outside circle and then adding the "tear shapes" (to quickly change direction while maintaining a smooth motion) while shifting the thrust from leg to leg; this motion in turn drives the rest of the joints of the body in a fluid, spiralling motion.

</doc>
<doc id="5940458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940458" title="House blessing">
House blessing

House blessings (also known as house healings, house clearings, house cleansings and space clearing) are religious rituals intended to protect the inhabitants of a house or apartment from misfortune, whether before moving into it or to "heal" it after an occurrence. Many religions have house blessings of one form or another.
Christianity.
In Christianity, house blessing is an ancient tradition, that can be found in Protestantism, Orthodox Christianity, and Roman Catholicism. They are usually performed by a parish priest who sprinkles holy water as he walks through every room of the house, accompanied by the occupants of the house, whilst praying for the occupants.
House blessings date back to the early days of Christianity, and in Catholicism, the ritual takes the form of a prayer. Matthew 2:11 says:"On coming to the house, they saw the child with his mother Mary, and they bowed down and worshiped him. Then they opened their treasures and presented him with gifts of gold and of incense and of myrrh." Consequently, Catholics often have their homes blessed at Epiphany, on January 6. The commemorates the visitation of the Magi to the child Jesus.
House blessings in the Pennsylvania Dutch Country take the form of printed cards, framed and hung on the walls of the sitting room, and trace their origins to similar practices in The Netherlands and Belgium. Blessings, employed by Catholics and Protestants alike, usually incorporate a picture of Christ's crucifixion and a prayer "to the Sweet Name of Jesus and His dear saints". Many of these were printed in Belgium, and Turnhout.
In Alsace, such blessings have origins in the "Pestbriefe" (pestilence letters) of the Middle Ages, sold at fairs to those wishing to protect themselves from disease, and the "Feuerbriefe" (fire letters) brought back by pilgrims from Cologne and containing prayers to the Three Kings (usually with the letters "CMB", for Caspar, Melchior, Balthasar, incorporated somewhere into the design) for protecting their homes from fire and disaster. Other blessings, found in Alsace and brought to Pennsylvania, include blessings of the entranceway to a house, stable blessings invoking Saint Leonard or Saint Blasius, blessings against "Feuer und Brand" addressed to Saint Agatha, and even blessings for house pets addressed to Saint Florentius.
Hinduism.
In the Hindu religion, a house blessing is conducted always before the people move in. With a new house, this is after construction is finished, but in a purchased house it will be done after purchase but before moving in. The blessing is performed by a Hindu priest and varies greatly throughout India. In Gujarat, the blessing mainly consists of performing abhisheka to a murti, often of Lord Ganesha, which is performed by the householders while the priest chants mantras. In Tamil Nadu, the traditional house blessing comprises the chanting of mantras, the escorting of a cow through all of the rooms, and (finally) the boiling of some of the cow's milk in the kitchen. Cow urine (komiyam) is also used.
Buddhism.
The Kojangi house blessing ceremony requires one fresh whole red fish, rice with azuki beans ("sekihan"), a small bottle of sake, an unopened bag of rice, and a new bag of rock salt.`

</doc>
<doc id="5940460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940460" title="Listed buildings in Leeds">
Listed buildings in Leeds

There are 2,443 listed buildings in Leeds.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5940477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940477" title="Amelia Fletcher">
Amelia Fletcher

Amelia Fletcher, OBE (born 1 January 1966) is a British singer, songwriter, guitarist, and economist.
Music career.
Fletcher has been the frontwoman of an evolving series of pop groups from the 1980s to the present. Her bands included Talulah Gosh, Heavenly, Marine Research, Tender Trap, and as of 2014, The Catenary Wires.
She also sang backing vocals for The Wedding Present early in their career and on the Hefner album "We Love the City". She toured with, was guest vocalist for, The Pooh Sticks on their albums "Orgasm", "Million Seller" and "The Great White Wonder", and in 1988 released a single under her own name, "Can You Keep a Secret?" She has also appeared as a guest vocalist for The 6ths on the song Looking For Love (In the Hall Of Mirrors), on both Bugbear recordings, a single by The Hit Parade, "Why do you have to go out with him when you could go out with me?" single by The Brilliant Corners, and the 2000 album "Trend" by Oxford band The Relationships. Since 2002 she has been keyboardist for Sportique. Amelia Fletcher was also an early promoter of Scottish act Bis who Heavenly performed alongside and whose lead singer, Manda Rin, repeatedly cited Amelia as one of her inspirations/influences.
Economics career.
In 1993, Fletcher completed a D.Phil. in economics at the University of Oxford titled 'Theories of Self-Regulation'. In 2001, she was appointed Chief Economist and Senior Director of Mergers at the Office of Fair Trading and in 2008 took on the additional role of head of mergers. She left in April 2013, to become Professor of Competition Policy at the University of East Anglia. 
Fletcher was appointed OBE in the 2014 New Years Honours list for services to Competition and Consumer Economics.
Personal life.
Fletcher has two children with her partner Rob Pursey, also a member of Heavenly, Talulah Gosh, Marine Research, Tender Trap and The Catenary Wires. She is the daughter of Jean and Winston Fletcher.

</doc>
<doc id="5940485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940485" title="Chanika">
Chanika

Chanika may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5940503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940503" title="Leonard Leslie Brooke">
Leonard Leslie Brooke

Leonard Leslie Brooke (1862–1940) was a British artist and writer who was born on 24 September 1862, in Birkenhead, England. His skillful and witty illustrations in Andrew Lang's "Nursery Rhyme Book" (1897) established his reputation as a leading children's book illustrator of pen-and-ink line drawings and watercolors. His acclaimed works include "Johnny Crow's Garden" (1903), "Ring O' Roses", "The Golden Goose Book", "Johnny Crow's Party" (1907), "Johnny Crow's New Garden" (1935), "The Nursery Rhyme Book", and "Oranges and Lemons" published by Frederick Warne & Co.
Brooke married Sybil Diana Brooke. They had two children, their elder son was killed in World War 1, the younger was Henry Brooke, Baron Brooke of Cumnor, who became British Home Secretary and later a peer.
In "Children's Reading", Lewis M. Terman and Margaret Lima recommended some of his picture books (such as "The Golden Goose Book", the two that feature Johnny Crow, and others), commenting that Brooke "catches the spirit of childhood with rare skill".

</doc>
<doc id="5940512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940512" title="Scarlet Dragonfly">
Scarlet Dragonfly

The Crocothemis erythraea is a member of the dragonfly genus "Crocothemis". Its common names include Broad Scarlet, Common Scarlet-darter, Scarlet Darter and Scarlet Dragonfly.
Description.
The adult male Scarlet Dragonfly has a bright red, widened abdomen, and small amber patches at the bases of the hindwings. Females and immatures are yellow-brown and have a conspicuous pale stripe along the top of the thorax.
Status and distribution.
The Scarlet Dragonfly is a common species in southern Europe and north Africa. It is recorded from every country in Africa and occurs across Asia as far as southern China.
Status in Britain.
The Scarlet Dragonfly is a very rare vagrant in Britain.
The species was first recorded at Hayle Kimbro Pool, The Lizard, Cornwall on 7 August 1995 (Jones 1996). Since then there has been a small number of further records at scattered locations throughout Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="5940520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940520" title="Hilltop Baptist School">
Hilltop Baptist School

Hilltop Baptist School was a private Christian school located in Colorado Springs, Colorado started in 1979 and closed in 2010. The school was a ministry of Hilltop Baptist Church and belonged to the Southern Baptist Association of Christian Schools (SBACS).
History.
The school was founded in 1979 and was in continuous operation until the end of the 2010/2011 school year.
In November 2011, Hilltop Baptist pastor Franklin “Wayne” Knight was arrested on four counts for knowing about his niece molesting a child at Hilltop Baptist School, but "failed to comply with a state law requiring them to report it to law enforcement. According to court affidavits, Knight "displayed a consistent pattern to manipulate and control the situation--not only among the faculty at Hilltop Baptist School--but also among parent, church members and students" and "The pastor also allegedly lied about having conducted a lie detector test." That same month Hilltop Baptist Church was sued by parents and teachers who reported cases of sex abuse to Pastor Wayne Knight who told the employees he had "previous knowledge about the matter and promised to investigate," but instead fired the employees a month later. In February 2012, Knight took a plea deal where he "pleaded guilty to being an accessory to a crime and failure to report suspected child abuse," and planned to move to Texas.
In 2010, Hilltop Baptist School closed after enrollment dropped. Since 2012, Hilltop Baptist Church was closed and its website was no longer online. Knight's brother, Raymond "Alan" Knight, "reopened" the church sometime in 2013 and launched a new website at a different web address. In 2013, the teacher pled guilty to sexual assault.
Hilltop Baptist Church also operated the unaccredited Patriot Bible University for which Wayne Knight served as president.
Extracurricular activities.
Hilltop Baptist fields teams in basketball, cheerleading, football, track, and volleyball in Colorado High School Activities Association sanctioned competition.
Other extracurricular activities include Bible Club, offered before and after school, High School Honors English and Honors Science.

</doc>
<doc id="5940533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940533" title="Eddie Willis">
Eddie Willis

Eddie "Chank" Willis (born June 3, 1936, Grenada, Mississippi, United States) is an African-American soul musician. Willis played electric guitar and occasional electric sitar for Motown's in-house studio band, the Funk Brothers, during the 1960s and early 1970s.
Willis is known for his signature style of muted guitar riffs which added a distinctive tone or "color" to the beat, often timed with the snare, of the hundreds of hit songs recorded at Hitsville U.S.A. for Motown artists. Among the recordings Willis performed on are "Please Mr. Postman" by The Marvelettes, "The Way You Do the Things You Do" by The Temptations, "You Keep Me Hanging On" by The Supremes, and "I Was Made to Love Her" by Stevie Wonder.
Influences for Willis include Chet Atkins, Wes Montgomery, and Albert King. He played a Gibson Firebird guitar on most his early 1960s work, later moving on to use a Gibson ES 335. On recordings such as The Supremes' "No Matter What Sign You Are", Willis performed on a Coral sitar.
He accepted an offer from Phil Collins to perform on his album of Motown and 1960s soul classics, "Going Back".

</doc>
<doc id="5940541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940541" title="List of mobile phone number series by country">
List of mobile phone number series by country

In many countries, mobile phones are assigned dedicated mobile phone codes within the country's telephone numbering plan. Some countries that do not use area codes (e.g. Singapore) allocate specific number ranges to mobile phones that are easily distinguishable from landlines. One notable exception to this type of assignment is the countries within the North American Numbering Plan (the United States and its territories, Canada, and much of the Caribbean), in which mobile phones are assigned subscriber numbers within geographic area codes, and are not easily distinguishable from landlines.

</doc>
<doc id="5940546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940546" title="Yanis Kanidis">
Yanis Kanidis

Yanis Kanidis (, also Ivan Constantinovich Kanidis, ) (January 1, 1930 – September 3, 2004) was a Greek-Russian physical education teacher.
Hostage Crisis.
When armed Chechen extremists took more than 1200 school children and adults hostage on September 1, 2004 in the Russian town of Beslan in North Ossetia, in what has become known as the Beslan school hostage crisis, 74-year-old Kanidis insisted on staying with his students, helped them survive and ultimately died to save their lives.
Two days after the start of the hostage taking, a number of nursing mothers were allowed to leave the building with their babies. The commander of the terrorist squad saw Kanidis, an elderly sickly man, and offered to allow him to leave as well. But Kanidis refused, saying he would stay "with students till the end". And throughout the ordeal, Kanidis guarded and fought for the lives of his students as best he could. When the children were succumbing to the sweltering heat, stuffy air and thirst, Kanidis approached the terrorists insisting that "You have to give them something to drink, at least to the smallest children". When he was heavily beaten with the butt of a rifle by one of the terrorists, Kanidis continued defiantly, "How dare you!? You claim you are people of the Caucasus region, but here in the Caucasus even a dog wouldn't turn down the request of an old man!" At which point the terrorists allowed Kanidis to wet one of the bibs of the children and pass it around to dampen the mouths of the smallest children who were choking from thirst.
The surviving hostages tell how he repeatedly risked his own life in order to save those of the children and how he moved explosives which had been placed near the children, and tried to prevent others from being detonated.
Kanidis was killed on the third day of the hostage taking. The circumstances of his death remains not fully clarified. According to the Israeli newspaper Yediot Aharonot, he was killed when he jumped on a grenade the terrorists had thrown at fleeing children, sacrificing his life to save theirs. According to the Greek/English newspaper Kathimerini, he was shot when he tried to dismantle a ceiling fan that had been wired to an explosive device. According to a feature by C.J. Chivers, Esquire, June 2006 Kanidis was killed while struggling with one of the terrorists, trying to buy time for others to escape. His last words were: "Get the children out!"
Afterwards one of the saved students compared him to the Polish man Janusz Korczak, who had accompanied his pupils to Auschwitz.
Awards and memorials.
On December 9, 2004 Kanidis was posthumously awarded the medal For Protection of Human Rights by the Russian Government. Later in the same month, one of the two new schools being constructed to replace the school destroyed in the attack was named "Ivan Kanidis".

</doc>
<doc id="5940554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940554" title="Dominic Holland">
Dominic Holland

Dominic Anthony Holland (born 6 May 1967) is an English comedian, author and broadcaster. He also performs at corporate functions. He won the Perrier Best Newcomer Award in Edinburgh in 1993. His series, "The Small World of Dominic Holland", a reference to his very diminutive stature, for BBC Radio 4 won a Comic Heritage Award. Holland has also published three novels.
Personal life.
Holland was born in London, England. He is the son of Teresa (née Quigley), a nurse from Ireland, and John Charles Anthony Holland, a teacher who was from the Isle of Man. Holland is Catholic and 5 ft 6 tall. He attended secondary school at the Cardinal Vaughan Memorial School in Kensington. Then he studied textile management at Leeds university where he met his wife, Nikki, who is a photographer. They have four children: Sam, Harry (who are twins), Paddy, and Tom Holland, who is an actor.
Career.
Stand-up Comedy.
Holland started performing stand-up comedy in 1991, making his debut at The Comedy Café, Rivington Street, London. In 1993 was briefly managed by Eddie Izzard. In Holland's first year at the Edinburgh fringe his one man show won the Perrier Best Newcomer award and good notices. Later in the autumn of 1993, Holland supported Eddie Izzard on his national tour. In 1994, Holland returned to Edinburgh. In 1996, his show at the Edinburgh festival was nominated for the Perrier Award.Holland returned to the Edinburgh festival in 2006. In October 2012 Holland recorded his first stand up DVD at the Court Theatre in Tring.
"Sunday Times" described him as "The UK’s master of observational comedy" and "Daily Telegraph" commented that "he is a top notch stand up who everyone should see". Bob Monkhouse called him "Britain's funniest not yet famous comedian".
TV.
Holland made his TV debut appearance in 1993 on Central Television’s, "Lafter Hours" with Harry Hill. He was a team captain for two series of "Bring Me the Head of Light Entertainment" for Channel Five – with Graham Norton hosting in 1998. In 1999 and 2000, Holland appeared twice as a guest on "Have I Got News for You", "They Think It's All Over", and in 2000 "The Royal Variety Performance". He has appeared on "Rob Brydon's Annually Retentive". He has been a regular panellist on the daytime debate show "The Wright Stuff".
In addition, Dominic Holland has made numerous guest appearances on such television shows "The Clive James Show", "The Brian Conley Show", "The Des O'Connor Show", and "Never Mind the Buzzcocks". He has participated in "Richard and Judy Show" as well as "Boom Bang-a-Bang" and "the National Lottery Draw Show".
Holland is involved with the first animated British sit-com "The Wild World of Warren", produced for ITV by Baby Cow Productions, six episodes are being made, two co-written by Holland.
Radio.
"The Small World of Dominic Holland" is a radio programme written and presented by Holland, revolving around his stand-up, but including sketches. One series of the show was commissioned in 2000. This was first broadcast on BBC Radio 4 and won a Comic Heritage Award. It has been repeated on BBC 7. His second radio series on Radio 4, "Holland's Shorts" was a series of comic monologues written and performed by Holland. He appeared in 2011 on Radio 4's "The News Quiz", hosted by Sandi Toksvig. "Hal" is a sit-com commissioned by BBC Radio 4, starring Hal Cruttenden. Holland has co-written the series and will appear in it. He also made regular appearances in the early seasons of BBC Radio 5 Live's comedy sports panel show, "Fighting Talk."
Film.
Holland debuted in 1982 in a small role of 'schoolboy' in Channel 4 film "P'tang, Yang, Kipperbang". In 1998 he played "Bob" in "The Young Person's Guide to Becoming a Rock Star". In 1999 he appeared as "Cello Player" in "Tube Tales".
Holland has written four screenplays, three of which have been sold to producers, but as yet, have not been made in to films.
Writing.
Holland has written material for Bob Monkhouse, Lenny Henry, Harry Enfield, Des O'Connor, Clive Anderson and many others. Holland has published two comic novels, "Only in America" and "The Ripple Effect". He has recently published his third novel, "A Man’s Life". For two years Holland wrote the "Funny Money" column for "The Guardian" . In January 2013 Holland published "How Tom Holland Eclipsed His Dad".

</doc>
<doc id="5940556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940556" title="Emtricitabine/tenofovir/efavirenz">
Emtricitabine/tenofovir/efavirenz

Emtricitabine/tenofovir/efavirenz (INNs, trade names Atripla ®, Viraday ®) is a fixed-dose combination drug for the treatment of HIV infection. It combines Gilead Sciences's tenofovir and emtricitabine (already available in the anti-HIV combination Truvada ®) with Merck & Co's efavirenz into a fixed-dose pill. Combining the three drugs into a single, once-daily pill reduces pill burden and simplifies dosing schedules, and therefore has the potential to increase adherence to antiretroviral therapy.
Atripla is the first multi-class antiretroviral drug available in the United States and represents the first collaboration between two U.S. pharmaceutical companies to combine their patented anti-HIV drugs into one product. The drug retails in the United States for for a one-month supply. An equivalent two pill regimen is available in developing countries at a price of about US$1.00 per day, as Gilead Sciences has licensed the patents covering emtricitabine/tenofovir to the Medicines Patent Pool and Merck and Co makes efavirenz available in developing countries at a reduced price. It was approved by the U.S. FDA on July 12, 2006. In the UK, the drug cost to the NHS is 626.90 per month as of March 2012.
Atripla is a fixed dose combination of 600 mg efavirenz, 300 mg tenofovir, and 200 mg emtricitabine. In adults, it is taken once daily on an empty stomach. Dosing at bedtime is recommended to improve tolerability of nervous system symptoms. Atripla is not recommended for patients under 18 years of age.
Atripla is a pink, film-coated tablet with "123" impressed on one side.
In North America and Europe, Atripla is marketed jointly by Gilead Sciences and Bristol-Myers Squibb, but in much of the developing world, marketing and distribution is handled by Merck & Co. Cipla released its own version of Atripla in India, called Viraday. In Argentina, Atripla is marketed by Laboratorios Gador.
In South Africa, the National Minister of Health, Doctor Aaron Motsoaledi, administered to the first state patient a fixed dose combination (FDC) tablet of Emtricitabine/Tenofovir/Efavirenz on 9 April 2013 in GaRankuwa.
Background.
Atripla was approved as a once daily tablet to treat HIV in 2006. The main advantage of the new drug Atripla was that it could be taken once daily and reduces the overall stress in an antiretroviral regimen. There is currently no generic version of Atripla available in the United States. An equivalent two pill regimen is available in developing countries at a price of about US$1.00 per day, as Gilead Sciences has licensed the patents covering emtricitabine/tenofovir to the Medicines Patent Pool and Merck and Co makes efavirenz available in developing countries at a reduced price. 
Dosage.
Recommended dosage for Atripla is 1 tablet at or before bedtime. Side effects can be reduced if Atripla is taken on an empty stomach. For patients with renal or hepatic insufficiency, patient can take 1 tablet by mouth once a day. However, patients whose CrCl levels are less than 50ml/min should not follow this dosage. Instead, patients should be prescribed drug components of the fixed-dose combinations while adjusting TDF and FTC doses according to the patient’s CrCl levels.
Mechanism of action.
Efavirenz is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) of HIV-1. Emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) of HIV-1.Tenofovir is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor of HIV-1, and it can be classified as an NtRTI. These three drugs work in combination to target the HIV reverse transcriptase protein in three ways, which reduces the virus’s capacity to mutate.
In combination studies there were synergistic antiviral effects observed between emtricitabine and efavirenz, efavirenz and tenofovir, and emtricitabine and tenofovir.
Side effects.
Common side effects of Atripla are tiredness, dizziness, gastrointestinal distress, and skin discoloration. More severe side effects are hallucinations, sleeplessness and depression.
Interactions.
Medications that should not be taken with Atripla are "Hismanal (astemizole), Vascor (bepridil), Propulsid (cisapride), Versed (midazolam), Orap (pimozide), Halcion (triazolam), or ergot derivatives (for example, Wigraine and Cafergot)." Discuss any other HIV or hepatitis medications you are taking with your doctor to avoid complications. Additionally, St. John's wort is known to reduce the effectiveness of Atripla, resulting in increased viral load and possible resistance to Atripla.
Contraindications.
Patients who have shown strong hypersensitivity to efavirenz, a constituent of Atripla, should not take Atripla. Drugs that are contraindicated in the intake of Atripla are: voriconazole, ergot derivative drugs, benzodiazepines midazolam and triazolam, calcium channel blocker bepridil, cisapride, pimozide and St. John’s wort ("Hypericum perforatum"). Breastfeeding is also contraindicated.

</doc>
<doc id="5940560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940560" title="Michael Barrett (Irish politician)">
Michael Barrett (Irish politician)

Michael Barrett (15 January 1927 – 8 July 2006) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. 
A native of Loughglinn, County Roscommon, who worked in An Foras Taluntais, Barrett was elected to the 22nd Dáil as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–West constituency on his first attempt at the 1981 general election and re-elected until retiring at the 1992 general election.
He was elected to Dublin Corporation in 1979 and also served as chairperson of the Eastern Health Board. He was a traditional catholic and a strong supporter of the pro-life movement.
He died in 2006 in Dublin, aged 79.

</doc>
<doc id="5940568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940568" title="Ledford Senior High School">
Ledford Senior High School

Ledford Senior High School is a public high school in Wallburg, North Carolina, located indirectly off of North Carolina Highway 109. It is part of the Davidson County Schools system and serves parts of High Point, Winston-Salem, Kernersville, Thomasville, North Carolina and Wallburg areas. The school's mascot is the panther.
Music.
Ledford Senior High School offers a variety of music programs to its students, such as chorus, concert band, marching band, an indoor percussion ensemble and an honors band. The Ledford Senior High School marching band, also known as The Panther Regiment, has had many successful marching seasons.
www.pantherregiment.org
www.lhsindoor.org

</doc>
<doc id="5940570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940570" title="National Commercial Bank">
National Commercial Bank

The National Commercial Bank (NCB) also known as AlAhli Bank () is the first Saudi Arabian bank, the largest bank by asset in the Arab world and one of the pioneers in Islamic Banking and finance in the world.
Founding and legal structure.
The National Commercial Bank was the first Saudi bank to be licensed and the biggest in the Kingdom and a leading financial institution in the Region. The Bank initiated business in the name of ‘‘The National Commercial Bank’’ under Royal Decree on 26 December 1953.
In 1999, the Government through the Ministry of Finance's Public Investment Fund (PIF) acquired a majority holding in the Bank.
The National Commercial Bank owns 90.424% of NCB Capital, the Premier Investment bank in the Kingdom, and owns 64.68% of Turkiye Finans Katilim Bankasti (TFKB), the leading bank in Islamic Banking in Turkey.
Ownership and legal constitution.
The Bank was constituted as a General Partnership from its founding in 1953 until 1 July 1997 when it was reconstituted as a Joint Stock Company. 
In 1999, the government of Saudi Arabia acquired a majority holding in the Bank through the Ministry of Finance's Public Investment Fund (PIF).
Management.
With the changes in the bank's ownership in 1999, a new board of directors was formed under the chairmanship of Abdulla Salem Bahamdan who was re-elected as chairman of the board of directors for the current term. On 1 October 2005, Abdulkareem Abu Alnasr was appointed as general manager and later assumed the bank's first chief executive officer (CEO) position on 1 January 2006.
It was announced on 29 January 2013 that Saeed bin Muhammad Al Ghamdi has been appointed new CEO of National Commercial Bank after the resignation of Abdul Kareem Abu Al Nasr. This was announced by Mansour bin Saleh Al-Maiman, chairman of the board of directors of NCB.The board appointed Al Ghamdi as new chief executive officer who would take charge on 1 March 2013.
Financial indicators.
NCB performance as of year end 2012

</doc>
<doc id="5940574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940574" title="Cephalotes">
Cephalotes

Cephalotes is a Neotropical genus of ant species, all sharing the same odd head style, which tend to be mainly arboreal, and all appear to be gliding ants, with the ability to "parachute" and steer their fall so as to land back on the tree trunk rather than fall to the ground, which is often flooded.
Ecological specialization and evolution of a soldier caste.
One of the most important aspects of the genus' social evolution and adaptation is the manner in which their social organization has been shaped by environmental pressures. This is particularly true of the species "Cephalotes rohweri", in which an entire soldier class has evolved as a result of highly specialized nest cavity availability. 
Because ants within "Cephalotes" utilize multiple pre-carved nesting cavities found in the trees upon which they live, a cohort of morphologically specialized soldiers have evolved to defend these nesting cavities. They use their unique plate-like heads to block the entrances to the nests, essentially creating a living door to the nest cavities. 
In one particular study, Scott Powell tested the current hypothesis that "specialized use of cavities with entrances close to the area of one ant head has selected for a morphologically and behaviorally specialized soldier in "Cephalotes"." This was accomplished by performing comparative studies between four "Cephalotes" species, each representing one of the four character states of soldier evolution. "Cephalotes" was ideal for the study because it is the only genus to contain extant species displaying four levels of major morphological evolution. These character states are as follows:
Another study by Powell examined the process by which environmental factors shape colonial castes within the worker class. However, this study focused more on how colonies adapt their caste systems to ecological factors in their environment. 
For the experiment, a species of the "Cephalotes" genus was used that displayed the highest level of soldier specialization. Three key findings regarding adaptive caste specialization were supported:
The results of this experiment support the concept that the most specialized soldier phenotype in "Cephalotes" is a result of adaptation to ecological specialization within a narrow subset of available nests 

</doc>
<doc id="5940578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940578" title="Rhinecliff, New York">
Rhinecliff, New York

Rhinecliff is a 17th-century hamlet, census-designated place located along the Hudson River, 1 mile west of the town of Rhinebeck in northern Dutchess County, New York. It was founded in 1686 as the town of Kipsbergen by five Dutchmen, among them Hendrikus and Jacobus Kip, who moved from Kingston to live in the settlement along the eastern shore of the Hudson River. In 1849, under the influence of the Hudson River Valley school of painters, the hamlet was given the more picturesque name of Rhinecliff. The name Rhinecliff was borrowed from the original name of the Jones-Schermerhorn estate, now known as "Wyndcliffe", but originally called "Rhinecliff".
According to Louis Auchincloss, Edith Wharton's biographer, Mrs. Edith Wharton was a frequent childhood visitor who later described Wyndclyffe as "The Willows" in Hudson River Bracketed.* In her autobiography, "A Backward Glance" (1933), Mrs. Wharton wrote about Wyndcliffe and her aunt.
Rhinecliff is one of the oldest intact hamlets along the Hudson River and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as a contributor to the Hudson River National Historic Landmark District. At long, this Historic District is the largest National Historic Landmark (NHL)designation in the country. Rhinecliff is also included in the Local Waterfront Redevelopment Program (LWRP) and is designated: a Scenic Area of Statewide Significance (SASS), a contributor to the DEC Mid-Hudson Historic Shorelands Scenic District, a contributor to DEC Scenic Roads designations, and is in the Hudson River National Heritage Corridor. The quaintness and charm of the hamlet serve as the water and rail gateway to the larger town of Rhinebeck.
The hamlet is demarcated by large agricultural and wooded area to the north, east, and south, and bounded by the Hudson River on the west. Steep topography, formed by contorted slate ridges and valleys, define the site-specific and seemingly random orientation of the small, frame nineteenth-century houses and winding narrow roads. After experiencing a mid-nineteenth century building boom, the original hamlet boundaries and building density have changed very little over the last one hundred years.
As part of the town of Rhinebeck, the hamlet of Rhinecliff is included within the jurisdiction of the Town government. In 2005, the Town Board created the Rhinecliff Hamlet Advisory Council to facilitate communications between the Hamlet and Town. Goals of the Advisory Council are to work with the community on the protection of the historic hamlet, integration of a multi-use greenway connecting the Town with the hamlet, appropriate development of the waterfront, and sensitive residential development in outlying areas.
The town is also the setting of the fictional book series "The It Girl" by Cecily von Ziegesar and "Hudson River Bracketed" by Edith Wharton. Nearby notables, past and/or present, have included: Levi P. Morton, Vicent Astor, Sam Hall, Natalie Merchant, and Annie Leibovitz.
A proposal to build a large contemporary residence overlooking the Hudson on Grinnell Street in the hamlet is generating controversy in Rhinecliff. Several Rhinecliff residents have spoken out against the proposal, objecting to the size of the proposed residence, its modern style, and that it blocks views of the Hudson River and Catskill Mountains. Other Rhinecliff residents have defended the proposal, arguing it will be a beautiful addition to the hamlet and that it blends the historic and the modern in a creative way. The matter is currently before both the Rhinebeck Planning Board and Zoning Board of Appeals and will be taken up again in July 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5940579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940579" title="Skúli Þórsteinsson">
Skúli Þórsteinsson

Skúli Þórsteinsson was an 11th-century Icelandic poet and warrior. He was the grandson of Egill Skallagrímsson and a courtier of Jarl Eiríkr Hákonarson. A short account of his life is given at the end of "Egils saga":
In Oddr Snorrason's "Saga of Olaf Tryggvason" Skúli is mentioned as one of the last people to see Olaf Tryggvason, during the Battle of Svolder.
Skúli also has a small role to play in "Gunnlaugs saga" where he introduces Gunnlaugr ormstunga to Jarl Eiríkr. "Skáldatal" lists both of them as court poets of the jarl.
A few fragments of Skúli's poetry have come down to us. The kings' sagas quote a strophe by him where he recalls participating in the Battle of Svolder. Four other fragments which seem to be from the same poem are quoted in the "Skáldskaparmál" section of Snorri Sturluson's Prose Edda. The poem was composed as Skúli was getting on in years and recalls his warlike youth.
The final fragment quoted in "Skáldskaparmál" is a lyrical description of a sunset, unique in the skaldic corpus.

</doc>
<doc id="5940580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940580" title="Plumsted">
Plumsted

Plumsted can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5940583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940583" title="Snake Goddess">
Snake Goddess

Snake Goddess indicates figurines of a woman holding a snake in each hand found during excavation of Minoan archaeological sites in Crete dating from approximately 1600 BCE. These figurines were found only in house sanctuaries, where the snake appears as "the snake of the household", and they are probably related with the Paleolithic tradition regarding women and domesticity. Evans tentatively linked the snake goddess with the Egyptian snake goddess Wadjet.
Figurines.
The first 'Snake Goddess' figurines to be discovered were found by the British archaeologist Arthur Evans in 1903, in the temple repositories of Knossos. The figurines are made of faience, a technique for glazing earthenware and other ceramic vessels by using a quartz paste. This material symbolized in old Egypt the renewal of life, therefore it was used in the funeral cult and in the sanctuaries. After firing this produces bright colors and a lustrous sheen.
These two figurines are today exhibited at the Herakleion Archeological Museum in Crete. It is possible that they illustrate the fashion of dress of Minoan women: a tight bodice which left the breasts bare, a long flounced skirt, and an apron made of material with embroidered or woven decoration. The larger of these figures has snakes crawling over her arms up to her tiara. The smaller figure holds two snakes in her raised hands and a small animal is perched on her head, which seems to be the imitation of a panther. These were usually symbols of an earth goddess.
In particular, one of the snake goddesses was found in few pieces apart, and was later filled with a solution of paraffin to preserve it from further damage. The goddess is depicted just as in other statues (crown on head, hands grasping snakes and so on…) The expression on her face is described as lifelike, and is also wearing the typical Minoan dress. Also another figure found in Berlin, made of bronze, looks more like a snake charmer with the snakes on top of her head. Many Minoan statues and statuettes seem to express a sort of pride. 
Clay sculptures with raised hands and curling snakes were found in the "house of the double axes" in Knossos, in Asine, in Gournia, and in Myrtos. Objects with snakes curling up the sides of clay-tubes were also found in Cyprus and Palestine.
Interpretations.
The snake goddess's Minoan name may be related with "A-sa-sa-ra", a possible interpretation of inscriptions found in Linear A texts . Although Linear A is not yet deciphered, Palmer relates tentatively the inscription "a-sa-sa-ra-me" which seems to have accompanied goddesses, with the Hittite "išhaššara", which means "mistress". 
While the statuette's true function is somewhat unclear, her exposed and amplified breasts suggest that she is probably some sort of fertility figure. The figurines may illustrate the fashion of dress of Minoan women, however, it is also possible that bared breasts represented a sign of mourning. Homer gives a literary description of this kind of mourning, and this was also observed by Herodotus among Egyptian women. 
The serpent is often symbolically associated with the renewal of life because it sheds its skin periodically. A similar belief existed in the ancient Mesopotamians and Semites, and appears also in the Hindu mythology. The Pelasgian myth of creation refers to snakes as the reborn dead. However, Nilsson noticed that in the Minoan religion the snake was the protector of the house, as it later appears also in Greek religion. Among the Greek Dionysiac cult it signified wisdom and was the symbol of fertility.
Barry Powell suggested that "the snake goddess" reduced in legend into a folklore heroine was Ariadne ("utterly pure" or "the very holy one"), who is often depicted surrounded by Maenads and satyrs. Some scholars relate the snake goddess with the Phoenician Astarte ("virgin daughter"). She was the goddess of fertility and sexuality and her worship was connected with orgiastic cult. Her temples were decorated with serpentine motifs. In a relative Greek myth Europa, who is sometimes identified with Astarte in ancient sources, was a Phoenician princess who Zeus abducted and carried to Crete. 
Evans tentatively linked the snake goddess with the Egyptian snake goddess Wadjet but did not pursue this connection. Statuettes similar to the "snake goddess" identified as "priest" of Wadjud and "magician" were found in Egypt. 
Sacral Knot.
Both goddesses have a knot with a projecting looped cord between their breasts. Evans noticed that these are analogous to the "sacral knot", a name given by him to a knot with a loop of fabric above and sometimes fringed ends hanging down below. Numerous such symbols in ivory, faience, painted in frescoes or engraved in seals sometimes combined with the symbol of the double-edged axe or labrys which was the most important Minoan religious symbol. Such symbols were found in Minoan and Mycenaean sites. It is believed that the sacral knot was the symbol of "holiness" on human figures or cult-objects. Its combination with the double-axe can be compared with the Egyptian ankh (eternal life), or with the tyet (welfare/life) a symbol of Isis (the knot of Isis).
Oracle.
Wadjet had a famous oracle in the city Per-Wadjet (Greek name Buto). According to Herodotus this may have been the source of the oracular tradition which spread to Greece from Egypt. The serpents were considered the protectors of the temples and the chthonic masters of the ancient earth goddess. In Greece the old oracles were devoted to the mother goddess. According to a Greek legend Apollo came to Delphi carrying Cretan priests, and there he possessed the oracle after slaying the serpent Python, the daughter of Gaia.
Comparison to other goddesses.
Other goddesses probably associated with the "snake goddess" are:

</doc>
<doc id="5940590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940590" title="Linuxcare">
Linuxcare

Linuxcare was founded in San Francisco in 1998 by Dave Sifry, Arthur Tyde and Dave LaDuke. The company's initial goal was to be "the 800 number for Linux" and operate 24 hours a day. Due to the dot-com bubble of the early millennium years, this version of Linuxcare morphed into Levanta and eventually closed its doors in 2008.
Linuxcare Bootable Toolbox.
In 1999, Linuxcare developed the Linuxcare Bootable Toolbox, also known as the Linuxcare BBC, or Bootable Business Card. The BBC was a Live CD, a bootable Linux distribution designed to be run entirely from the CD. In 1999, this was a very new concept, and was preceded by only one other Linux distribution designed exclusively to be run from CD, DemoLinux. While DemoLinux was designed to show the whole desktop experience of a Linux distribution, the Linuxcare BBC was designed to be used mainly as a utility CD, and was the first Live CD with this focus.
The BBC distribution was under 50MB, and designed to fit on a mini CD shaped like a standard business card. It included utilities designed to assist system administrators, and was primarily a text console operating system, but a minimal Blackbox X11 UI was included.
Linuxcare produced an initial launch of an unversioned release, pressed as business card CDs, and distributed them at LinuxWorld 1999. Versions 1.2, 1.5 and 1.6 were later released online, and pressed and released at other conventions and Linux user groups from 1999 to 2001.
LNX-BBC.
On May 8, 2001, Seth Schoen announced that the original three developers of the Linuxcare Bootable Toolbox had left Linuxcare to fork the project into a new community project, named LNX-BBC. Release 1.6, released in May 2001, served as a transition release between Linuxcare and LNX-BBC, with both projects offering the same release on their respective sites. LNX-BBC produced three more BBC releases: 1.618 in August 2001, 2.0 in January 2003, and 2.1 on May 1, 2003. Early versions were assembled by hand, while later versions utilized GAR, a software build system built around GNU Automake. LNX-BBC was discontinued after the 2.1 release.
2011 company relaunch.
The Linuxcare brand was repurchased by Arthur Tyde and incorporated as an LLC by Dr. Scott S. Elliott and his partners in the state of California. The new company provides IT services to businesses related to cloud computing. Linuxcare LLC has offices in San Francisco and Manila.

</doc>
<doc id="5940593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940593" title="Baruch College Campus High School">
Baruch College Campus High School

Baruch College Campus High School (BCCHS) is a public high school located in the Flatiron District in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. Baruch College Campus High School received the highest number of applications among all of the New York City public high schools in 2011. BCCHS is renowned for its high academic standards, advisory program and perfect graduation rate. In 2012, BCCHS ranked 489 in the U.S. News & World Report list of best "gold-medal" U.S. high schools.
History.
Baruch College Campus High School was a vision between Anthony Alvarado, the former superintendent of Community School District 2, and Matthew Goldstein, the President of Baruch College. They wanted to create a small, liberal arts college preparatory high school on a college campus. In 1997, the school was established. Jill Myers was the principal for the first 6 years in the original location of the school on 18th Street. The school was later moved to 17 Lexington Avenue's upper floors. In 2009, the school moved to 55 East 25th Street between Park and Madison Avenues, which is near Baruch College of The City University of New York.
Enrollment.
Admission to BCCHS is based on a screening process whereby the school evaluates and ranks all applicants based on their previous school year's final academic record, standardized test scores, attendance and punctuality. The demographics of the students is as follows: 61 percent Asian, 22 percent white, 11 percent Hispanic, and 6 percent black.
Total school enrollment is just over 400 students. In 2011, 7,770 students applied to BCCHS, which was the highest number of applications received by any non-specialized high school in the city. Only 105 students were admitted as freshmen.
Admissions.
Students applying for admission to BCCHS must have a minimum cumulative Grade Point Average of 85 or above and a score of two to four on the New York State ELA and Math exams. However, due to the large number of applications the school receives each year, they typically admit students that have a GPA in the mid to high 90s and a score of 3 or 4 on the NYS ELA and math exams. Priority is given to students who reside in Manhattan's District 2, then to all Manhattan residents and then to students who live in other boroughs of New York City.
Facilities.
The school currently occupies the first five floors of 55 East 25th Street. Facilities include a gymnasium, a library and a computer laboratory. Previously, the school was located at 17 Lexington Avenue on the 10th floor of the old Baruch College building.
Students can use a few of the facilities at Baruch College, such as the Newman Library.
Academics.
The required courses are all honors-level courses. Students must earn a grade of 70 or above to pass a course.
"Note: All students are required to take the AP exam if enrolled an AP class."
Students take electives in their junior and senior year. In the past, electives include Psychology, Writing and Film, Math and Space, Computers, Writing, Art and Spontaneity, Drumming, Music, Mythology and Folklore, and Internship. 
Students are also offered the opportunity to take selected Baruch College courses free of charge beginning the summer of their junior year. Before a senior graduates, they are expected to complete a thesis on a topic approved by their advisor.
In addition to fulfilling their academic requirements, students are also required to read at least 25 books per year as well as complete 20 hours of community service each academic year.
Our Mission.
Our Mission Statement: 
""Baruch College Campus High School (BCCHS) is dedicated to providing a challenging interdisciplinary liberal arts education for students in grades nine through twelve. This intensive four-year program asks students to explore the philosophical, ethical and aesthetic issues of the human experience. We are committed to creating an environment that provides a place for students to develop high level thinking skills, meet performance standards that are above the minimum requirements set by the city and the state and develop civic and social skills which will lead them to become socially conscious, responsible citizens."'
Extracurricular Activities.
Athletics.
Sports Recognition.
BCCHS student athletes participate in competitive sports in the Public Schools Athletic League.
Student Organizations.
Publications.
"The 411 Press" is the official school newspaper of BCCHS. <br>
It is a monthly newspaper featuring four sections: Baruch News, Editorial, Sports, and Entertainment. <br>
The staff hold meetings every Wednesday throughout the school year.
Traditions.
There are Annual Pep rallies throughout the year hosted by the Student Government.
Greenkill.
Every year, the freshman class embarks upon an overnight trip to Greenkill, New York. The trip is intended to promote social unity among freshmen.
Cultural Show.
First organized by the Asian American Club in 2006, the annual show features student performances that celebrate the cultural diversity within the school.
Dance Competition.
With dance integrated in the Physical Education curriculum, every student will eventually learn to square dance, hustle (dance), salsa (dance), and swing (one dance per year). A group of students practice with professional dancers and compete in pairs to win a trophy.
Film Festival.
Films created by students and faculty are shown at the annual festival, which is organized by the Film Club, the oldest club in existence at the school.
Evening in the Arts.
Organized in 2009, Evening in the Arts is a celebration of the arts happening within the Baruch community. Performances include drumming, music, drama and art displays from Baruch students, particularly from those students enrolled in AP Studio Art (in 2011-2012 school year will be known as Advanced Art). The celebration occurs toward the end of the school year and is held in the school cafeteria.
Sports Banquet.
Student athletes, coaches, families, and friends celebrate the accomplishments of Baruch's athletic year. The Banquet includes awards to recognize the scholar athletes of the year. The celebrations usually end with a compilation video made by a student, highlighting each team's accomplishments.
Field Day.
After being absent for a few years, Field Day was reintroduced back in 2002 by a former advisory group. The event occurs at the end of each school year when the majority of the student body as well as faculty members attend a social outing in Central Park in New York, NY. For an entire school day, students participate in peer-led activities and represent their advisories in competitive games. These events are hosted by Sophomores who plan out the theme of the day, games to play, and other creative activities that enhance Baruch spirit and teamwork. This is a fun and relaxing day for students and teachers after a busy year full of homework, projects and exams.
Advisory Trip.
Each semester, advisories take a variety of trips to get to know one other better. Advisories have taken trips to local parks such as Central Park, as well as restaurants, billiard halls, movie theaters, ice skating rinks, bowling alleys, and even to school to have a party. These trips typically occur on Friday's from 12pm to 3 pm and days vary between grades.
Senior Trip.
Often, the graduating class goes on a Senior class trip to Florida. Exceptions include 2005 and 2009 when the graduating class decided to go skiing in upstate New York, 2011 when the graduating class decided to go to Cape Cod in Provincetown, Massachusetts, and 2013 when they went to Virginia Beach, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="5940608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940608" title="Taxonomic sequence">
Taxonomic sequence

Taxonomic sequence (also known as systematic, phyletic or taxonomic order) is a sequence followed in listing of taxa which aids ease of use and roughly reflects the evolutionary relationships among the taxa. Taxonomic sequences can exist for taxa within any rank, that is, a list of families, genera, species can each have a sequence. 
Early biologists used the concept of "age" or "primitiveness" of the groups in question to derive an order of arrangement, with "older" or more "primitive" groups being listed first and more recent or "advanced" ones last. A modern understanding of evolutionary biology has brought about a more robust framework for the taxonomic ordering of lists. A list may be seen as a rough one-dimensional representation of a phylogenetic tree. Taxonomic sequences are essentially heuristic devices that help in arrangements of linear systems such as books and information retrieval systems. Since phylogenetic relationships are complex and non-linear, there is no unique way to define the sequence, although they generally have the more basal listed first with species that cluster in a tight group included next to each other.
The organization of field guides and taxonomic monographs may either follow or prescribe the taxonomic sequence; changes in these sequences are often introduced by new publications.

</doc>
<doc id="5940610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940610" title="Chorba">
Chorba

Chorba (, pronounced ), also called shorba (), shorwa (), ciorbă (), shurpa (), shorpa (), shorpo () and sorpa (), is one of various kinds of soup or stew found in national cuisines across the Balkans, Eastern Europe, Central Asia, and the Middle East. In South Asia, the term shorba (, ) simply means gravy.
Etymology.
"Chorba" is derived from the Arabic word شربة "shurbah", meaning "soup," which in turn comes from the Semitic root "Š-R-B", meaning "to drink". The "Oxford Companion to Food", however, states it is a Persian term from "shor" ("salty, brackish" and "ba" ("stew"). Compare with "kaduba", kadu (squash) + ba (stew, broth).
Turkey.
There is a wide range for çorba in Turkey. It literally means soup, and based on wided materials. Some popular çorbas include:
Eating soup together was highly important symbolically to the Janissary corps in the Ottoman army, where Çorbacı (soup man) was the title of the commander of a battalion. It is still common in Turkey to go to a çorbacı after having alcohol, especially to have İşkembe çorbası, because it is widely believed that this soup is very good to interrupt the bad effects of a hangover.
Romania, Moldova, and the Balkans.
In Romanian and Moldovan cuisine, ciorbă is a thick soup (distinct from a stew) coming in a large array of variants and combinations of vegetables and meat. The most popular are ciorbă de burtă (tripe soup) and ciorbă de fasole (bean soup).
Central Asia.
In Kyrgyz and Kazakh cuisine, "shorpo" and "sorpa" may refer to any broth. A typical shorpo is made by boiling sheep parts.
Other regional varieties include "çorba" (Turkmen), and "shurbo" or "shurpo" (Tajik).
The Afghan cuisine variant is known as "shorwa", and is a meat and potato stew with bread, eaten out of a communal bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="5940618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940618" title="Pokagon">
Pokagon

Pokagon may refer to either of two Potawatomi chiefs:
There are also places named after them:

</doc>
<doc id="5940619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940619" title="The Henry Rollins Show">
The Henry Rollins Show

The Henry Rollins Show was a weekly talk show hosted by musician Henry Rollins on the Independent Film Channel (IFC). The show featured Rollins' monologues, interviews with celebrities and uncensored musical performances. The show was canceled after the wrap of its second season.
Sections.
Each episode features an interview and a music segment. In addition, Rollins' monologues and other short segments are organized into several sections that are shown occasionally throughout the episodes.
Teeing Off.
Rollins gives a short social commentary at the beginning of the show.
Letters from Henry.
Rollins does a voice-over of humorous/sarcastic open letters he has written to celebrities and politicians.
Rollins Reconsiders.
Rollins gives a sarcastically exaggerated "positive" speech, interspersed with humorous imagery (often photo manipulations), in which Rollins "reconsiders" a fad or issue he actually disapproves of.
The Disquisition.
Comedian and political activist Janeane Garofalo shares her free-form musings.
Drawing Conclusions.
Nine animated monologue segments were produced by Lylofilm for Swift River Productions and IFC during the show's two year run. Rollins appeared as a stand-up comedian and his spoken word stories were animated with 2D visuals depicting his jokes and performance. The nine animated segments produced were titled: METHOD ACTING (with Danny DeVito); JUNK MAIL; WALL MART; CEDRIC; A TEXAS BARBECUE (with George W. Bush and Saddam Hussein); JESUS (with Jesus Christ); HIS GAY NEIGHBORS; TEEN ALCOHOLICA and NUTS ABOUT HENRY. 
IFC Soapbox.
Individuals from both sides of a debate (example topics from the show include pornography and same-sex marriage) are given a soapbox on which they can express their views.
End Credits.
Rollins draws attention to lesser-known facts regarding historical figures and/or the work of actors and directors.
DVD and iTunes release.
Season one was released as a three disc DVD box set on June 5, 2007. Both seasons of the show are available for download from the iTunes Store as of February, 2010.
Episodes.
Season 1
Season 2

</doc>
<doc id="5940620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940620" title="Pokegama">
Pokegama

Pokegama may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5940627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940627" title="Richard &quot;Pistol&quot; Allen">
Richard &quot;Pistol&quot; Allen

Richard "Pistol" Allen (August 13, 1932 – June 30, 2002) was an African-American musician, most notable as a Motown session drummer with The Funk Brothers. 
History.
Richard "Pistol" Allen was the primary recording session drummer for Motown Records' in-house Funk Brothers band on most of Holland-Dozier and Holland's hit productions of the 1960s. Hits for which Allen played the drums include "Heat Wave" by Martha & the Vandellas, "The Way You Do the Things You Do" by The Temptations, "Baby Love" by the Supremes, "I Heard It Through The Grapevine" by Marvin Gaye, and "Reach Out I'll Be There" by the Four Tops.
Allen's influences included Max Roach, Buddy Rich, and fellow Funk Brother Benny Benjamin. He played a studio set made up of Ludwig, Slingerland, Rogers and Gretsch components.
Although he appeared in "Standing in the Shadows of Motown", the 2002 documentary about the Funk Brothers, Allen died in June 2002 in Detroit, Michigan at the age of 69, almost six months before the completed film was released.
"Pistol" Allen was inducted into the Michigan Rock and Roll Legends online Hall of Fame in 2010 as a member of the Funk Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="5940633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940633" title="United States presidential election in Virginia, 2004">
United States presidential election in Virginia, 2004

The 2004 United States presidential election in Virginia took place on November 2, 2004 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose 13 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Virginia was won by incumbent President George W. Bush by an 8.2% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Bush would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. The state had voted for the Republican candidate in all presidential elections since 1952 except during 1964's Democratic landslide. This pattern continued in 2004, although it would be broken four years later by the Democratic victory in 2008.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 12 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day.
Polling.
Bush won every single pre-election poll. The final 3 poll average showed Bush leading 50% to 46%.
Fundraising.
Bush raised $8,594,386. Kerry raised $6,125,128.
Advertising and visits.
Neither campaign advertised or visited this state during the fall election.
Analysis.
In the last century Virginia has shifted from a largely rural, politically Southern and conservative state to a more urbanized, pluralistic, and politically moderate environment. Up until the 1970s, Virginia was a racially divided single-party state dominated by the Byrd Organization. African Americans were effectively disfranchised until after passage of civil rights legislation in the mid-1960s. Enfranchisement and immigration of other groups, especially Hispanics, have placed growing importance on minority voting. Regional differences play a large part in Virginia politics. Rural southern and western areas moved to support the Republican Party in response to its "southern strategy", while urban and growing suburban areas, including Northern Virginia, form the Democratic Party base. Democratic support also persists in union-influenced parts of Southwest Virginia, college towns such as Charlottesville and Blacksburg, and the southeastern Black Belt Region.
Results breakdown.
By county.
These results combine counties and independent cities in Virginia.
By congressional district.
Bush won 9 of 11 congressional districts.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Virginia cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Virginia is allocated 13 electors because it has 11 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 13 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 13 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 13, 2004 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 13 were pledged for Bush/Cheney:

</doc>
<doc id="5940634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940634" title="Langrisser IV">
Langrisser IV

Langrisser IV is the sequel to Langrisser III, and has never been released outside Japan. There is a fan-translated English patch available for the PlayStation version.
Story.
The story in "Langrisser IV" takes place directly after "Langrisser II". 
Two hundred years after Erwin defeated Böser and sealed Alhazard and Langrisser in the Sage's Crystal, El Sallia had returned to its usual pattern of inter-kingdom feuding. But in the western land of Yeless, a new darkness had begun.
A now aged wizard, Gizlof, already had the wheels of his great scheme in motion. Through a pact with the dark god, Gendrasil, he obtained the Sage's Crystal from the heavens. With the dark god's knowledge, he began construction of a new piloted Guyframe unit. But before his ambitions could be realized, he needed a certain young priestess.
Flash ahead to Gotahl Village, a border town in Federation territory. Three adopted siblings of the Village Elder, Randius, Ricky and Rachel, were used to the peace of small town life. One night, that peace was shattered. Gizlof arrived into town to kidnap Rachel in the night, leaving his son Kreuger to murder their father and wipe out the villagers.
Ricky and Randius's flight from the village led them straight into a federation attack on the princesses and commodore of the Caconsis Kingdom who helped them save their sister. But Gizlof's plans would not be so easily thwarted. And there were more than political forces at work behind the scenes heralded by the arrival of a sage named Jessica and "The Mysterious Mage, Faelart"...
The fate of this tale all depends on the choices Landius makes in his campaign against the Federation and demonkind.
Music.
The music in "Langrisser IV" was composed by Noriyuki Iwadare, Makoto Asai and Yuichiro Honda.

</doc>
<doc id="5940636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940636" title="Constance Demby">
Constance Demby

Constance Demby is a performing and recording artist, vocalist, original instrument designer, painter, sculptor, and multi-media producer. Her Contemporary Classical Electronic Symphonic Spacemusic falls into several categories including ambient or space music. She is best known for her award winning 1986 album Novus Magnificat.
Biography.
Constance Demby was born in Oakland, California. She learned to play classical piano in her childhood and went on to become a multi-instrumentalist (including hammered dulcimer, vocals, synthesizers, and originally-designed custom acoustic instruments). Demby is a performing and recording artist, vocalist, original instrument designer, painter, sculptor, and multi-media producer. Her Contemporary Classical Electronic Symphonic Spacemusic covers a wide range, and falls into several categories – including:
She studied sculpture and painting at the University of Michigan. It was both as musician and sculptor that her Sonic Steel Instruments, the "space bass" and the "whale sail" were created. An original design, her Sonic Steel Instruments have been recorded by Lucas Skywalker Studios for use in their filmscores, and also filmed by Discovery Channel at Gaudi's Park Güell. The "Space Bass" is featured on Michael Stearns' soundtrack for "Chronos".
Early life and training.
A fifth generation Californian born in Oakland, CA, Demby began her training in classical music at age 8 in Burlingame, CA with her first public performance at age 12, which included classical piano works, double piano concertos and solfeggieto for the left hand alone. In high school, she formed a jazz group during which she began to develop skills in piano improvisation. Later, at the University of Michigan, she studied painting, sculpture, and multimedia.
Multi-instrumentalist.
Demby performs on a variety of instruments: Early instruments included the Koto, Ch'eng, Harpeleck, Tamboura, and Hammer Dulcimer. In order to expand her explorations in sound, in the '70s she commissioned expert Sam Rizzetta to create a custom Hammer Dulcimer with extra low bass strings, which resulted in a new depth of resonance, and a unique new version of the ancient instrument.
Original instrument design.
Demby's background as a painter and sculptor contributed to her development of original instruments when she invented the Whale Sail and the Space Bass, 10-foot-long, bowed instruments that transmit primordial subsonic resonances. As a sculptor, while torching a sheet of metal, she first noticed the unique subsonic tones and unusual sounds, which subsequently led to the development and refinement of the instruments. Lucas Sky Walker Studios, licensed the sounds of the Space Bass for use in their film scores. Discovery Channel filmed the Space Bass in Gaudi's "ParcGuell" in Barcelona for one of their specials. The Space Bass is featured on the soundtrack for the IMAX film, "Chronos" directed by Ron Fricke
The 1970s – early career.
In the early '70s Demby co-founded a unique multimedia group, Central Maine Power Sound & Light, which toured the East Coast with their groundbreaking sound light shows. Venues included the Museum of Modern Art, the UN Sculpture Garden, Lincoln Center for the Arts, Fitchburg Planetarium, Strausbourg Planetarium, and the Greenwich Village Gallery, "A Fly can Bird but a Bird can't Fly" where Demby's massive multi-media "Space Mass" show was produced in March 1970. In 1977 Demby began to investigate the spiritual life, and was drawn into Sant Mat a discipline based on the yoga of mantra and the eternal Sound Current. Once initiated by Sant Ajaib Singh Ji, Demby was opened up and the sound current began to pour through, inspiring devotional songs which formed the basis of her first album, Skies Above Skies.
The 1980s.
In 1980, Demby returned to the west coast, settling in Marin County north of San Francisco. Her record label, Sound Currents was founded, and in 1980 Sunbourne was released, inspired by "The Emerald Tablets", an ancient script by Hermes Trismegestus. In 1982, the devotional Sacred Space Music, featuring the Hammer Dulcimer, was released on the Hearts of Space label. Demby had developed her own technique for playing this ancient instrument, described as a "shimmering effect" as the hammers hit the strings in rapid succession. Brugh Joy, MD used "The Longing" from Sacred Space Music as a meditation for his pupils, employing a special technique he created in which three chakras are activated, resulting in a heart-opening experience for the listener. In 1983, Demby performed at The Alaron Center in Sausalito, CA. Melodies that would later become the themes in Novus Magnificat appeared that night, captured on tape in the cassette album "Live at Alaron". During this time period, Demby formed the group Gandarva which included among others, multi-instrumentalist Benjy Wertheimer of Ancient Future. The group toured to Boulder, Colorado double-billing with Paul Winter. In 1987, the compilation album Light of This World came out on Demby's Sound Currents label, and in 1989 the celebratory Set Free was released by Hearts of Space.
Electronic revolution – Novus Magnificat: Through the Stargate.
The mid-eighties brought changes in recording technology with the advent of digital sampled sounds. BY the mid '80s, digital sampling synthesizer keyboards had been invented, which formed the basis of all her orchestral works (including former info on digital sampling). The Emulator II had been designed with a full digital orchestra on floppy disc. Like the Emulator I, it was an 8-bit sampler, however it had superior fidelity, and allowed more flexibility in editing sounds. 
With a full digital orchestra to compose with, Demby embraced the electronic revolution and created a contemporary classical electronic symphony using a full range of orchestral symphonic instruments, pipe organ, and choral voices. Tapping into her spiritual guidance, she brought through her groundbreaking album, "Novus Magnificat – Through the Stargate", with sound textures added by Michael Stearns, it was released in 1986 on the Hearts of Space record label. – Novus has sold over 200,000 copies worldwide, making Demby one of the most successful New Age artists of the decade. Working with Warren Dennis at his studio The Banquet, and with Anna Turner and Stephen Hill of Hearts of Space, the release of "Novus" helped to build the Hearts of Space label.
The 1990s.
Demby began touring internationally in the '90s, first to São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, then to Lanzarote, Canary Islands to perform in an underground volcanic cave, where she shared the billing with Paul Horn and Pauline Oliveros. Power Places Tours invited her on their tour to Egypt, where she performed at the foot of the Great Pyramid and conducted ceremonies inside the Kings Chamber. A tour to Tokyo was next where a special effects film was made of the artist in action; resulting in a CD and DVD of LIVE IN TOKYO. In 1995 the emotionally cathartic album "Aeterna", considered the sequel to "Novus", was released on the Hearts of Space label, reviewers comparing the music to classical masters such as Bruckner, and Rachminoff. Arjuna Ardaugh, Founder of the Living Essence Foundation and Author of "The Translucent Revolution" commissioned Demby to create music for his guided meditations. "Heart Meditation" and "The Beloved". During this same time period Demby was commissioned to compose a score for "Faces of the Christ" for a film inspired by images of the Christ throughout history.
The 2000s and 21st centuries.
ISSO, International Space Science Organization, commissioned Demby to create a score for the film "I AM", an ambitious, multi-leveled journey through time and space, earth and cosmos, the creation of life, the history of civilization and world religions. The album "Spirit Trance", composed in Spain, features four selections from "I Am". The title song on "Spirit Trance", "Legend" was originally composed for the film "James Dean – an American Legend", however due to complications with the James Dean Foundation, the film by director Alan Hauge never made it to the big screen. Demby toured Spain for 2½ years with performances such as "II Cicle Internacional de Musiques Mistiques" at Mercat De Les Flors in Barcelona.
"Sanctum Sanctuorum" was composed in Spain with critics comparing the album to Gregorian chant and Requiems by Faure and Durufle. Returning to the US, Demby toured the west coast presenting concerts and healing workshops. Her Sound Currents label subsequently released "Sonic Immersion", a vibrational sound healing attunement featuring the sub-sonic frequencies of the "Space Bass".
UK Sacred Sites Tour.
In 2005, Constance was invited to tour England to present a UK Sacred Sites Tour. The tour included sites such as Glastonbury, Avebury, and a sunrise ceremony at Stonehenge
Events.
Constance Demby has been a featured musician and speaker at many conferences with other notable authors, artists and teachers including The Dali Lama, Joseph Campbell, Depak Chopra, George Lucas, Joseph Campbell and Gene Roddenberry, Marianne Williamson, Paul Winter Consort, Brugh Joy, David Spangler

</doc>
<doc id="5940644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940644" title="The Wakefields">
The Wakefields

The Wakefields are an alt-country band based out of Seattle Washington that was formed in 2004 as the by-product of friendships started in previous projects. In December 2004, they released a promotional EP, and soon followed with the release of a full length CD titled "Falling Down Blue". 
The debut CD from The Wakefields featured, horns, tympani, Hammond Organ, pedal steel, percussion and accordion, all wrapped into a package of West Coast Americana music that would never be found in Nashville. "Falling Down Blue" contains twelve original songs and was recorded and produced by Seattle engineer Martin Feveyear who has worked with many great bands including The Presidents of the United States, The Minus 5 and The Village Green indie rock/country.

</doc>
<doc id="5940648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940648" title="Dainty Damselfly">
Dainty Damselfly

Dainty Damselfly "Coenagrion scitulum" is a blue damselfly of the family Coenagrionidae.
Status and distribution.
This is a scarce species found mainly in southern Europe, northern Africa and southwest Asia.
Status in Britain.
The species was formerly recorded as a breeding species in Britain and became locally extinct in the North Sea flood of 1953. It was rediscovered in Kent in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5940652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940652" title="Michael Barratt">
Michael Barratt

Michael Barratt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5940653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940653" title="Phil Tonken">
Phil Tonken

Phil Tonken (born Philip Simon Tonken on April 13, 1919 in Hartford, Connecticut – died February 4, 2000 in Washington, D.C.) was an American radio and television producer, announcer and voice-over artist.
Early Career.
Tonken was a graduate of City College of New York (where he majored in public speaking) and served in the United States Army during World War II. He started with the Mutual Broadcasting System in the mid-1940s as an announcer via its New York City outlet, WOR radio, announcing on such shows as "Passport to Romance", "The Mysterious Traveler", "High Adventure" and "Quiet, Please".
After WOR ended its long-time affiliation with Mutual in 1959, Tonken was among many New York-based Mutual staff announcers (also including Carl Warren, Russ Dunbar, Frank McCarthy and Ted Mallie) who stayed on with the station. For a few years, he hosted a Sunday morning program on WOR, "Hyacinths and Biscuits", which featured poetry readings and little vignettes. By the 1970s Tonken had moved on to the TV outlet, WOR-TV (now WWOR-TV), handling station identifications, promos, bumpers and program introductions, up to his retirement from the station in 1989.
Besides his long association with WOR, Tonken was a narrator for Fox Movietone News in the 1950s and 1960s, and also was announcer for a 15-minute syndicated afternoon radio science fiction program, "The Planet Man", which was in the tradition of older sci-fi radio shows such as "Buck Rogers", "Flash Gordon" and "Tom Corbett, Space Cadet". The show was produced by New York City-based Palladium Radio Productions in 1952 and aired through 1953. Seventy-eight episodes were produced, all but two of which are in existence today. Besides Tonken, only two other people were known to have participated: organist Jon Gart and voice artist Joseph Boland, who played the robot characters. The rest of the cast remains a mystery to this day.
Tonken's distinctive modulated baritone voice – once described by Jean Shepherd as sounding like "a combination of King Kong, the organ at Westminster Cathedral, and wind whistling through Mammoth Cave" – was also heard in two feature films, "The Secret of Magic Island" (a 1964 English language release of a 1956 French movie called "Un fée... pas comme les autres") and "In Search of Bigfoot" (1975). In addition, for many years he did radio commercials for different products and services, including a long-running ad campaign for Barron's Magazine, as well as voice-over work for corporate and other clients. In his final years, he did some narrations for audiobooks that were put out by "Outdoor Life" magazine.
Death.
Tonken died of pancreatic cancer in Washington, D.C., aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="5940657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940657" title="Norfolk Damselfly">
Norfolk Damselfly

Norfolk Damselfly or Dark Bluet ("Coenagrion armatum") is a species of blue damselfly of the family Coenagrionidae. This species acquired its common name from its discovery in 1903 and presence in a very restricted area of the Norfolk Broads. Records came from Sutton, Stalham, and Hickling Broads.
Identification.
At first glance, this damselfly may resemble a Blue-tailed Damselfly or a Red-eyed Damselfly more than a typical "Coenagrion" species. Both sexes have a distinctive black abdomen with coloured segments at both the base and the tip.
Breeding.
This damselfly was lost from its British sites due to natural succession from open water to dry reedbeds. On the continent, it breeds in ponds ditches and slow rivers.
Its breeding biology is poorly known. Eggs are laid in the stems and leaves of aquatic plants. The larvae live amongst aquatic plants and probably emerge after one year.
Behaviour.
The flight period in Britain used to extend from late May to late July. Males perch on floating leaves. It is a strong-flying damselfly.
Status and distribution.
It is found from northern and Eastern Europe eastwards to Siberia and Mongolia. It was believed to be lost in the Netherlands in the 20th century but was rediscovered there in 1999.
Status in Britain.
The species was formerly recorded as a breeding species in Britain, in Norfolk. It was last recorded in 1968. Since its main range is from the Baltic area eastwards, the likelihood of recolonisation in Britain seems low.

</doc>
<doc id="5940660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940660" title="Nontronite">
Nontronite

Nontronite is the iron(III) rich member of the smectite group of clay minerals. Nontronites typically have a chemical composition consisting of more than ~30% Fe2O3 and less than ~12% Al2O3 (ignited basis). Nontronite generally does not exist in economic deposits like montmorillonite, although it is not an uncommon clay mineral. Like montmorillonite, nontronite can have variable amounts of adsorbed water associated with the interlayer surfaces and the exchange cations.
A typical structural formula for nontronite is Ca.5(Si7Al.8Fe.2)(Fe3.5Al.4Mg.1)O20(OH)4. The dioctahedral sheet of nontronite is composed mainly of trivalent iron (Fe3+) cations, although some substitution by trivalent aluminium (Al3+) and divalent magnesium (Mg2+) does occur. The tetrahedral sheet is composed mainly of silicon (Si4+), but can have substantial (about 1 in 8) substitiution of either Fe3+ or Al3+, or combinations of these two cations. Thus, nontronite typically is characterised by having most (usually greater than 60%) of the layer charge located in the tetrahedral sheet. The layer charge is typically balanced by divalent calcium (Ca2+) or magnesium (Mg2+).
Nontronite forms from the weathering of biotite and basalts, precipitation of iron and silicon rich hydrothermal fluids and in deep sea hydrothermal vents. Some evidence suggests that microorganisms may play an important role in their formation. Microorganisms are also involved in reduction of structural iron in nontronite when soils undergo anoxia, and the reduced form of the clay appears to be highly reactive towards certain pollutants, perhaps contributing to the destruction of these compounds in the environment.

</doc>
