<doc id="5896270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896270" title="Dollar a Second">
Dollar a Second

Dollar a Second is an American comedy game show hosted by Jan Murray which originally aired from September 20, 1953 to June 14, 1954 on the DuMont Television Network.
Game play.
One pair of contestants (or a solo player) were selected to perform a certain task, which could be anything. They earn one dollar for every second they were on the stage, and, unless they are paying the penalty, may quit out at any time. If at any time one or both players make a mistake, they have to pay a penalty. For example, one player is placed on a slide that goes down towards a small above-ground swimming pool, and the partner has to pick one of five telephone numbers on the list, one of which nobody on the other side will be available to answer. Should someone be there on the other end of the line, the person who dialed the number would say "I've got somebody!" and the penalty is beaten, and they would then resume the previous activity before they were interrupted. If they fail to beat a penalty, the game ends, but they keep whatever money they won at that point, and sometimes also win additional money based on the number of correct answers.
However, while all this is going on, there is something else in the background that can also affect the final outcome of the game. The "outside event" is something that when it has occurred, the game ends and the couple loses all the money they made while playing. (For example, the couple has to pick an envelope that contains the number of round trips a model train can take until it has reached a certain number, but they won't know how many trips that train will have made until that mystery number has been attained.) In such a case, the couple may instead receive a consolation prize based on the number of correct answers they had put together.
Broadcast history.
After the series left DuMont, it bounced back and forth between NBC and ABC—July 4 to August 22, 1954 (NBC); October 1, 1954 to June 24, 1955 (ABC); July 5 to August 30, 1955 (NBC); June 2, 1955 to August 31, 1956 (ABC).
After this, "Dollar a Second" remained dormant until NBC picked it up one last time from June 22 to September 28, 1957. It is notable that while NBC only saw fit for it to be run during the Summer, ABC (being relatively new as a network) aired it during the regular season.
1981 pilot.
A revival pilot was taped on February 7, 1981 by Chuck Barris Productions and hosted by Bob Eubanks. Despite negative opinions by some fans who saw it, this version actually had very few changes aside from starting the players off with $100, and a $500 bonus once the player reached $500.
Chuck Barris had acquired the rights to both this show and another Jan Murray series, "Treasure Hunt". Had "Dollar a Second" been sold, it would have most likely been partnered with the revamped "Hunt" in five-a-week syndication.
Episode status.
Only two episodes are known to exist of the original series, one from 1955 and another from June 1, 1956; the latter is notable for being guest-hosted by Dagmar.
The 1981 pilot was aired on GSN twice - first as part of their "Game Show Turkeys" marathon of unsold pilots on Thanksgiving 1998, and again as part of their "Raise The Dead" unsold pilot marathon on October 28, 2000 (the latter being hosted by Elvira, Mistress of the Dark).

</doc>
<doc id="5896287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896287" title="East Technical High School">
East Technical High School

East Technical High School or East Tech is a secondary school under the operation of the Cleveland Metropolitan School District in Cleveland, Ohio.
History.
The school when it opened on October 5, 1908 was the first public trade school in the city and reported to be only one of five in the entire United States at the time. East Tech's first principal was James F. Barker (1906–1911) from Muskegon, Michigan.
East Tech utilizes the small school system. Three small schools are located within East Tech: Ninth Grade Academy, Community Wrap Around and Engineering Science & Technology
Athletics.
The school was a sports powerhouse in the city, winning numerous titles in football, basketball and track and field. Some notable alumni include Olympic Games athletic stars such as Jesse Owens, Harrison Dillard and Dave Albritton. The original building stood for some 64 years until a new building was dedicated and moved into on October 11, 1972. The current structure now sits at the corner of E.55th and Scovill Ave on the east side of Cleveland. The original building has since been demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="5896289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896289" title="List of motion picture film stocks">
List of motion picture film stocks

This is a list of motion picture films. Those films known to no longer be available have been marked as "(DISCONTINUED)". This article includes color and black-and-white negative films, reversal camera films, intermediate stocks, and print stocks.
Agfa.
Although a very early pioneer in trichromatic color film (as early as 1908), invented by German chemists Fischer and Homolka, Agfa was first made commercially available in 1936 (16 mm reversal) and 1936 (35 mm), Agfa-Gevaert has discontinued their line of motion picture camera films.
DuPont.
Company no longer manufactures film.
Filmotec/ORWO.
German company in the tradition of AGFA, manufacturing black-and-white materials. The brand ORWO stands for Original Wolfen.
Fuji.
For negative stocks, "85" prefix designates 35 mm, "86" prefix designates 16 mm stock. Stock numbers ending in a "2" are Fuji's Super-F emulsions (1990s) and the stocks ending in "3" are the new Eterna emulsions.
Also, Eterna Vivid series negatives' last second suffix as "4", and the ending suffix as different "E.I.".
For intermediate stocks, as negatives', adding "45" prefix designates 35 mm in polyester(PET) base, and "87" prefix designates 65/70 mm.
For positive and print stocks, "35" indicates 35 mm print film, and "36" indicates 16 mm print film.
Fuji also introduced their Reala film - a color stock with a 4th color emulsion layer, which is also the fastest daylight balanced color motion picture stock ever offered at 500 ISO.
As of March 2013, Fuji had ceased production of all motion picture film.
Reala.
Containing a fourth color layer, Reala is nominally considered a part of the Super-F series. Its analogue in the stills market is Superia Reala.
GAF/Ansco.
Company no longer manufactures film.
Ilford.
The company specialises in B&W films and, until 2003, produced motion picture versions of their photographic films for 16mm and 35mm cameras.
Slavich.
A Russian manfuacturer.
Svema.
A defunct Soviet/Ukrainian film manufacturer.
Tasma.
A Russian company (), located in the Russian Republic of Tatarstan
References.
www.pixpast.com for samples of original 35mm agfacolor film from 1936 to 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="5896295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896295" title="Burledge Hill">
Burledge Hill

Burledge Hill () is on the southern edge of the village of Bishop Sutton, Somerset, England. It is the site of a Site of Special Scientific Interest and an univallate Iron Age hillfort.
Site of Special Scientific Interest.
The site comprises a mixture of flower rich grassland, scrub and mature hedgerows. Three fields are designated as Burledge Sidelands and Meadows a Site of Nature Conservation Interest (SNCI), and, since November 2005, as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) covering 48.7 ha the citation says:
These form part of a 3 km horseshoe of unimproved neutral grassland running around the top of Burledge Hill, forming the largest known concentration of this habitat recorded in Avon. Plant species found on the site include cowslip, Alchemilla (lady's mantle), saw-wort and devil's bit scabious. Birds such as willow warbler ("Phylloscopus trochilus"), garden warbler ("Sylvia borin") and whitethroat ("Sylvia communis") can be heard singing from the scrub areas. The site also falls within the Mendip Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) and has commanding views of the Chew Valley.
Hillfort.
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age, roughly the start of the first millennium BC. The reason for their emergence in Britain, and their purpose, has been a subject of debate. It has been argued that they could have been military sites constructed in response to invasion from continental Europe, sites built by invaders, or a military reaction to social tensions caused by an increasing population and consequent pressure on agriculture. The dominant view since the 1960s has been that the increasing use of iron led to social changes in Britain. Deposits of iron ore were located in different places to the tin and copper ore necessary to make bronze, and as a result trading patterns shifted and the old elites lost their economic and social status. Power passed into the hands of a new group of people. Archaeologist Barry Cunliffe believes that population increase still played a role and has stated "forts provided defensive possibilities for the community at those times when the stress an increasing population burst out into open warfare. But I wouldn't see them as having been built because there was a state of war. They would be functional as defensive strongholds when there were tensions and undoubtedly some of them were attacked and destroyed, but this was not the only, or even the most significant, factor in their construction".
Burledge hillfort is a univallate Iron Age hillfort. The site was investigated three times: in 1955 by the University of Bristol Spelaeological Society and in 1959 and 1966 by field investigation. In 1955, the excavating archaeologists found evidence of postholes, ditches, and pits inside the fort. They also found artefacts like a part of an iron fibula, animal bones, and pottery. One find which evidenced that metalworking was done at this site was the discovery of iron slag.

</doc>
<doc id="5896306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896306" title="German submarine U-718">
German submarine U-718

German submarine "U-718" was a short-lived Type VIIC U-boat built by Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" for service during World War II. "U-718" was the victim of a tragic accident during training exercises five months after completion, and thus never saw active service in the Kriegsmarine. Built at Hamburg during 1942 and 1943 and taking a year to complete, "U-718" was a Type VIIC submarine and was intended for service in the Battle of the Atlantic.
On the 18 November 1943, "U-718" was conducting training as part of a "wolfpack" near Bornholm in the Baltic Sea under "Oblt.z.S." Helmut Wieduwilt, when she was accidentally rammed by . The submarines had been maneuvering to attack the same target in the dark, and "U-476" ran aboard "U-718" whilst the submarines were running on the surface. "U-718"s hatch was closed to prevent water entering the hull, and thus only the seven personnel in the conning tower, including Kptlt. Wieduwilt, survived. The boat's hull was ruptured by the force of the impact, causing the submarine to fill and sink very rapidly, taking 43 sailors to the bottom with her. The survivors were rescued from the water by other German naval units and transferred to other boats.

</doc>
<doc id="5896315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896315" title="Axillary nerve dysfunction">
Axillary nerve dysfunction

Axillary nerve dysfunction is a general term that refers to any type of dysfunction of the axillary nerve. The axillary nerve is a branch of the brachial plexus that innervates the deltoid and teres minor muscles. This nerve can be injured or damaged in a variety of ways - penetrating injury such as knife or gunshot wounds, surgical trauma, stretch injury (common after motor cycle accidents), and various metabolic or rheumatic conditions that may cause focal disruption of the blood supply to the nerve. The exact cause of the axillary nerve dusfunction cannot be identified with electromyography, but the way that the nerve has responded to the injury, and whether or not the nerve is healing, can.

</doc>
<doc id="5896318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896318" title="Le Crotoy">
Le Crotoy

Le Crotoy is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France. The inhabitants are known as "Crotellois"
History.
Isabella of France, queen consort of England, and her son (later Edward III of England) embarked from Crotoy for Holland and then England in 1326, in order to overthrow their husband and father, Edward II. During the Hundred Years' War the town was alternately under English and French control. Edward III stayed in Crotoy and in 1340 built a very important fortress. Besieged by the English, Crotoy, the last French position in the Bay of the Somme, surrendered on March 1, 1424. After the Battle of Verneuil, Jean II, Duke of Alençon was interned there for three years. Joan of Arc was imprisoned there before being taken to Rouen for trial. During these troubled times, Crotoy was the place of residence of a governor and a garrison. Jacques d'Harcourt was the most famous governor: he defended Crotoy boldly and courageously against the Anglo-Burgundian armies. An eponymous street pays homage to him in the city center.
During the wars of religion, Crotoy took the side of Henri de Navarre. By an edict of 1594, Henri IV relieved the Crotellois from taxes. He stayed in the town on April 18, 1596.
In 1674, under the terms of the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle, the castle of Crotoy was destroyed.
Le Crotoy is also famous at the beginning of 20-th century in the history of aviation, with "les frères Caudron" 
Geography.
Le Crotoy is situated on the D143 and D71 crossroads, on the estuary of the river Somme, some northwest of Abbeville. <br>
Today, the town is a lively seaside resort whose beach is undoubtedly one of its main assets. It also benefits from the proximity of Marquentera (Park of Marquenterre), an area of natural beauty, with lakes, marshes and a rich flora and fauna. <br>
The beach is highly unusual for northern French beaches in that it faces south. <br>
In terms of wildlife the bay supports a population of seals and shags.
Activities.
There are numerous restaurants in the village and it is well equipped with shops and a petrol station. Bed & Breakfast accommodation is also available.<br>
Le Crotoy is one terminus of the narrow gauge "Chemin de Fer de la Baie de Somme" (Somme Bay Railway), which is now largely a tourist attraction. Running around the entire length of the bay, this railway connects Le Crotoy with Noyelles-sur-Mer, Saint-Valery-sur-Somme, and Cayeux-sur-Mer and the sands at Brighton Plage.<br>Main line trains to Paris take about 2 hours and cost about 48Euro return for an adult. They run from the nearby (15 mins by car) station of Noyelles-sur-Mer, which is also a station on the "Chemin de Fer de la Baie de Somme" narrow gauge railway.
The bay of the river Somme has interesting tides in that they are both fast and have a high rise and fall. At low tide it is possible to walk across the sand and mud flats from Le Crotoy to Saint-Valery-sur-Somme. Care needs to be taken as the tides come in very quickly.
Occupations.
Fishing predominates, both for seafish and shellfish (mostly cockles and mussels) and from the coastal saltmarshes, samphire and sea-aster.
Hunting and shooting, for both game and wildfowl provides food for locals and visitors alike.
Sheep-rearing, on salty pastures, produces a unique flavour. The sheep of the Somme bay have been credited ‘appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC)’ .
Personalities.
Le Crotoy has had lengthy visits from some famous figures of French history: Joan of Arc (who was imprisoned there), Jules Verne (who wrote "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea" here), the perfumer Guerlain who has created in regard of the special shades of blue, purple, violet
which cover bay at down his well-known perfume, "L'Heure Bleue ".
Several painters as Toulouse-Lautrec, Paul Signac, Pierre Risch, and the novelist Colette had also been charmed by Le Crotoy.

</doc>
<doc id="5896319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896319" title="Emergency Call Ambulance">
Emergency Call Ambulance

Emergency Call Ambulance is an arcade game released in October of 1999 by Sega. It is a single-player game, and the controls are made up of a steering wheel, gearshift, and gas and brake pedals. The game has been noted for being exceptionally hard, mainly in the cases after the first victim. There are two forms of gameplay: Automatic Transmission and Manual Transmission.
Gameplay.
In the game, you take the role of a Chicago Paramedic, trying to save several people, and take them to the nearby hospital, driving in your ambulance. The first victim is a ten-year-old child named Jack. His family's station wagon was in a collision with a tanker truck. The second victim is a 35-year-old Chicago Police officer named Edward, who has been shot by a gang (who somewhat resemble Yakuza), with a rocket launcher. The third victim is a 23-year-old woman named Kate. The hotel she and her partner were staying at has caught fire, and to make matters worse, she's pregnant (It is revealed in the ending that she was carrying triplets). The final mission is to rescue the president of an unspecified country (although he has a Russian name, and looks Asian). His name is Gregorio Tavaresky, and is 48. His airliner has crashed into Lake Michigan, and you need to save him. If you beat the 4 levels, the ending of the game shows you and your partner receiving an award for your actions, and the 4 victims you saved are in the audience.
M.A.M.E Reports.
According to M.A.M.E to the featured game, it lacks of many and severe geometry figures that it will be a big conflicts to it. And it is not playable on the Supermodel Emulator due to its incomplete graphics, which means the land area was lacking of roads of geometric figures and other objects. The issues are going to be fixed in the next release (version 0.3) of the Supermodel Emulator, and also the unofficial version2_r270 release already shows great improvements. Much like Harley-Davidson & L.A. Riders on the M.A.M.E Emulator, it has many problems goes to 3d geometry.

</doc>
<doc id="5896321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896321" title="Elim Pavlovich Demidov, 3rd Prince of San Donato">
Elim Pavlovich Demidov, 3rd Prince of San Donato

Count Elim Pavlovich Demidov, 3rd Prince of San Donato (; 6 August (20 June, per Ferrand) 1868, Hietzing suburb of Vienna – 28 March 1943, Athens) of the Demidov industrial family, was the Russian Empire's last ambassador to Greece, where he and his wife remained in exile and him as White Russian ambassador.
Elim Demidov was the son of Princess Maria Meshcherskaya and Pavel Pavlovitch Demidov, 2nd Prince of San Donato. His mother, descended from indigenous princes of the Finnic peoples of Meshchera and Mordovia, died two days after his birth, whilst Elim's paternal grandmother was the Finnish beauty and philanthropist lady Aurora Stjernvall. His father died when young Elim was just 18 years old.
In Saint Petersburg on 18 April 1893 he married Countess Sophia Hilarionovna Vorontsova-Dashkova (Novo Temnikovo, 9 August 1870 - Athens, 16 April 1953), by whom he had no issue.
Speculating in 1895 about the richest man on earth, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution stated that "the wealth of Elim Demidoff is beyond calculation.".
In early 20th century, Emperor Nicholas II sent prince Elim as the Russian ambassador to the Greek court.
His Greek connections played a role when he arranged his nephew Prince Paul of Yugoslavia to marry Princess Olga of Greece and Denmark in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="5896323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896323" title="Onychoprion">
Onychoprion

Onychoprion, the "brown-backed terns", is a genus of seabirds in the tern family. Although the genus was first described in 1832 by Johann Georg Wagler the four species in the genus were until 2005 retained in the larger genus "Sterna", the genus that most terns are in (Bridge "et al.", 2005). 
Three of the four species are tropical, and one has a sub-polar breeding range. The sooty tern has a pan-tropical distribution; the bridled tern also breeds across the Tropical Atlantic and Indian Ocean but in the central Pacific it is replaced by the spectacled tern. The Aleutian tern breeds around Alaska and Siberia but winters in the tropics around South East Asia.
"Manutara" is the Rapa Nui language name for spectacled and sooty terns. Both arrive at Easter Island and hatch their eggs on the island called Motu Nui, an event that was used for an annual rite called Tangata manu.

</doc>
<doc id="5896348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896348" title="Nemesiidae">
Nemesiidae

The Nemesiidae are a spider family of the infraorder Mygalomorphae, and the only member of the superfamily Nemesioidea. They were formerly considered part of the Dipluridae family.
Description.
Nemesiidae are relatively large, brown, elongated spiders with robust legs. Female "Atmetochilus" can grow over 4 cm in body length.
These spiders live in burrows. Some finish these with a hinged door. They often push this door up and wait for passing prey. When they catch it they try not to leave their burrow. Sometimes a burrow has a side tube. It is not certain whether "Sinopesa" builds burrows.

</doc>
<doc id="5896354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896354" title="Erik August Larsson">
Erik August Larsson

Erik August Larsson (April 12, 1912 in Kurravaara – March 10, 1982 in Kiruna) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won two medals at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen with a gold in the 18 km and a bronze in the 4 x 10 km.
Larsson also won a bronze in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1935 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.
He was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal in 1936.
Erik Larsson became a laestadian christian and gave up his sport career in late 1930s. He was later a preacher in the firstborn laestadian congregation in Kiruna. 

</doc>
<doc id="5896356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896356" title="KASE">
KASE

KASE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5896359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896359" title="WKLU">
WKLU

WKLU (101.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Brownsburg, Indiana, and serving the Indianapolis metropolitan area. The station is an affiliate of K-LOVE.
History.
WKLU was signed on the air in 1992 as WQFE, utilizing an approximately 300' tower, located in Hendricks County.
In September 1994, WQFE aired an oldies format. In 1999, the call letters were changed to WKLU, and the format evolved to a loose variant of classic rock - specializing in songs that most commercial radio stations didn't play, including songs from "jam bands." In 2004 the Quinns sold the station to a Miami radio entrepreneur, Russ Oasis, who moved the tower to its current location and reformatted the station to a more commercially viable classic hits format. At midnight on December 4, 2007, WKLU flipped to an oldies format based on the hits of the 60s and 70s.
On July 15, 2009; WKLU was sold by Russ Oasis (the stations former owner) to Educational Media Foundation and the station switched to K-LOVE (Contemporary Christian) on September 15, 2009. While the K-LOVE format is national, the station broadcasts public affairs programming for Brownsburg and Hendricks County on select Sunday nights.

</doc>
<doc id="5896366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896366" title="The Hello, Goodbye Window">
The Hello, Goodbye Window

The Hello, Goodbye Window is a children's picture book written by Norton Juster and illustrated by Chris Raschka. Published in 2005, the book tells the story of a little girl who enjoys visiting her grandparents. Raschka won the 2006 Caldecott Medal for his illustrations.

</doc>
<doc id="5896378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896378" title="Paulson (band)">
Paulson (band)

Paulson was an indie rock band from Midland Park, New Jersey.
__TOC__
History.
Paulson was formed in 2001. The band has released records on four different labels. Both "Variations" and "All at Once" have been released twice. The versions of "All at Once" do vary in production, track order, and songs. However "Variations" is simply a re-release of the original (due to Initial Records going out of business). "Variations" features an art punk sound and much experimentation, while "All at Once" showcases Paulson's melodic indie rock songs. Paulson had a strong DIY ethic, and has been played on MTVU. In 2008 the band disbanded for unspecified reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="5896379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896379" title="Huard">
Huard

Huard could refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5896411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896411" title="The Observatory">
The Observatory

The name The Observatory may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5896417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896417" title="Jonathan Gilbert">
Jonathan Gilbert

Jonathan J. Gilbert (born July 10, 1968) is an American former film and television actor.
Life and career.
Gilbert is best known for his performance as Willie Oleson on the NBC TV series, "Little House on the Prairie", from 1974 to 1983. He is the adopted son of actors Barbara Crane (née Barbara Cowan) and Paul Gilbert and the adopted brother of Melissa Gilbert, who played Laura Ingalls Wilder on the series. Barbara divorced Paul Gilbert, who died in 1976. Barbara then married Harold Abeles, and together they had Sara Abeles, who changed her name to Sara Gilbert, even though she has no blood relation to Melissa Gilbert's adopted father Paul Gilbert, who died one year and two weeks after she was born. Jonathan is also one of only six actors on "Little House on the Prairie" to appear throughout the entire series (from season one to the TV movie sequels), the others being: Melissa Gilbert, Katherine MacGregor, Richard Bull, Kevin Hagen,and Dabbs Greer.
In Melissa Gilbert's autobiography "Prairie Tale," she writes that when Jonathan was in his early 20s, he moved away from California and she has had no relationship with him since then, for reasons supposedly unknown to her. She writes that he's a stockbroker living in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5896425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896425" title="SoftEther Corporation">
SoftEther Corporation

SoftEther Corporation is a Japanese software company. It was founded as an industry-academia-government venture in April 2004 by University of Tsukuba students, with the goal to develop the software of the same name, SoftEther VPN. The name indicated that a "soft"ware emulates an "Ether"net.
Related software.
SoftEther.
The VPN software called SoftEther (SoftEther 1.0) was written by Daiyu Nobori, who became the Representative Director and Chairman of the new company. In 2003, the software's development was adopted as one of the projects of the Exploratory Youth program, sponsored by Information Technology Promotion Agency, Japan. "In addition to being highly evaluated by the project manager, there were 1 million downloads in three months after making it available at the website."
The first SoftEther sales version was released in August 2004 called SoftEther CA, by Mitsubishi Materials Corporation, Japan.
PacketiX VPN.
The second version of the software, released in December 2005, the name of the software was changed to PacketiX VPN 2.0 from SoftEther 2.0. In 2006, PacketiX VPN 2.0 won the "Software of the Year" award from the Information-Technology Promotion Agency.
In 2010 March, PacketiX VPN 3.0 was released by Softether Corporation. Some functions were added to new version (as examples: support IPv6, 802.1Q VLAN, TLS 1.0). This version is compatible with PacketiX VPN 2.0.
In 2013 July, PacketiX VPN 4.0 was released by SoftEther Corporation. In this version, some existent protocols support was added.
UT-VPN.
In 2010 June, UT-VPN was released by SoftEther Corporation and University of Tsukuba. UT-VPN is an open source VPN software. UT-VPN has compatible as PacketiX VPN products of SoftEther Corporation.
UT-VPN developed based on PacketiX VPN 3.0, but some functions was deleted. For example, the RADIUS client is supported by PacketiX VPN Server, but it is not supported by UT-VPN Server.
SoftEther VPN.
In 2013 July, SoftEther VPN was released by SoftEther VPN Project with SoftEther Corporation and University of Tsukuba.
SoftEther VPN 1.0 developed based on PacketiX VPN 4.0. Compatibility and the restrictions of functions follow UT-VPN. It is scheduled to release source codes with the GNU General Public License (GPL) in 2013.
On January 4th, 2014, SoftEther VPN announced that the source code of SoftEther VPN was released as open-source software under the GPLv2 license. SoftEther VPN is the underlying VPN engine of VPN Gate.

</doc>
<doc id="5896507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896507" title="Paratropididae">
Paratropididae

The baldlegged spiders (Paratropididae) are a small spider family with eight species. They are mygalomomorphs more closely related to tarantulas and allies, than to most other 'web-building' spiders (araneomorphs).
Species.
The categorization into subfamilies follows Joel Hallan.[http://insects.tamu.edu/research/collection/hallan/Acari/Family/Paratropididae.txt]

</doc>
<doc id="5896525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896525" title="Great Stickle">
Great Stickle

Great Stickle is a fell located in the southern Lake District of England with an altitude of 305 m (1,000 ft). Alfred Wainwright included it in the Stickle Pike chapter of his "The Outlying Fells of Lakeland". Geographically the fell is located on the southern ridge of Stickle Pike and is located between the lower Duddon Valley (west) and the valley of Dunnerdale Beck (east). A "stickle" is a hill with a prominent rocky top.
The fell is rugged in appearance with several craggy outcrops that are found especially on its summit and its southern slopes which descend to the hamlet of Broughton Mills. It is generally climbed in combination with Stickle Pike, the ridge between the two summits offering an interesting traverse and excellent views to the Furness Peninsula and the southern fells.

</doc>
<doc id="5896529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896529" title="Active load">
Active load

An active load or dynamic load is a component or a circuit that functions as a current-stable nonlinear resistor.
Circuit design.
In circuit design, an active load is a circuit component made up of "active devices", such as transistors, intended to present a high small-signal impedance yet not requiring a large DC voltage drop, as would occur if a large resistor were used instead. Such large AC load impedances may be desirable, for example, to increase the AC gain of some types of amplifier. Most commonly the active load is the output part of a current mirror and is represented in an idealized manner as a current source. Usually, it is only a "constant-current resistor" that is a part of the whole current source including a "constant voltage source" as well (the power supply VCC on the figures below).
Common base example.
In Figure 1 the load is a resistor, and the current through the resistor is determined by Ohm's law as:
As a consequence of this relation, the voltage drop across the resistor is tied to the current at the Q-point. If the bias current is fixed for some performance reason, any increase in load resistance automatically leads to a lower voltage for "Vout". which in turn lowers the voltage drop "VCB" between collector and base, limiting the signal swing at the amplifier output (if the output swing is larger than "VCB", the transistor is driven out of active mode during part of the signal cycle).
In contrast, using the active load of Figure 2, the AC impedance of the ideal current source is infinite regardless of the voltage drop "VCC - Vout", which allows even a large value of "VCB". and consequently a large output signal swing.
Differential amplifiers.
Active loads are frequently used in op-amp differential input stages, in order to enormously increase the gain.
Practical limitations.
In practice the ideal current source is replaced by a current mirror, which is less ideal in two ways. First, its AC resistance is large, but not infinite. Second, the mirror requires a small voltage drop to maintain operation (to keep the output transistors of the mirror in active mode). As a result, the current mirror does limit the allowable output voltage swing, but this limitation is much less than for a resistor, and also does not depend upon the choice of bias current, leaving more flexibility than a resistor in designing the circuit.
Test equipment.
In the area of electronic test equipment, an active load is used for automatic testing of power supplies and other sources of electrical power to ensure that their output voltage and current are within their specifications over a range of load conditions, from no load to maximum load.
One approach to test loads uses a set of resistors of different values, and manual intervention. In contrast, an active load presents to the source a resistance value varied by electronic control, either by an analogue adjusting device such as a multi-turn potentiometer or, in automated test setups, by a digital computer. The load resistance can often be varied rapidly in order to test the power supply's transient response.
Just like a resistor, an active load converts the power supply's electrical energy to heat. The heat-dissipating devices (usually transistors) in an active load therefore have to be designed to withstand the resulting temperature rise, and are usually cooled by means of heatsinks.
For added convenience, active loads often include circuitry to measure the current and voltage delivered to the inputs, and may display these measurements on numeric readouts.

</doc>
<doc id="5896538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896538" title="A Kingdom He Likes">
A Kingdom He Likes

A Kingdom He Likes is the 39th release by avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek, released by his own Corwood Industries label (#0777). It was his fourth release of 2004 and features the artist on acoustic guitar. 

</doc>
<doc id="5896539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896539" title="Woodson K-8 School">
Woodson K-8 School

Carter G. Woodson K-8 School is a Title I K-8 school located in Houston, Texas, United States.
Woodson serves grades kindergarten through 8 and is a part of the Houston Independent School District.
The school was named after Carter G. Woodson.
History.
Woodson was originally a junior high school and served grades 7 through 9.
In spring 2002 nearby Carnegie Elementary School closed in order to make way for Carnegie Vanguard High School. Elementary school pupils who attended Carnegie Elementary School were moved to Woodson, and Woodson became a K-8 school.
In the northern hemisphere spring of 2011, Grimes and Rhoads elementary schools closed, transferring their attendance boundaries to Woodson's elementary.
School uniforms.
All Woodson students are required to wear school uniforms. Students are required to wear gold shirts with school logos and denim bottoms; belts are required.
The Texas Education Agency specified that the parents and/or guardians of students zoned to a school with uniforms may apply for a waiver to opt out of the uniform policy so their children do not have to wear the uniform; parents must specify "bona fide" reasons, such as religious reasons or philosophical objections.
Student body.
During the 2004-2005 school year, Woodson had 969 students [http://dept.houstonisd.org/profiles/Woodson_Kthru8.pdf].
92% of the students were African-American. 7% of the students were Hispanic. 1% of the students was Asian American. White Americans and Native Americans each made up less than 1% of the student body.
94% of the student body qualifies for free or reduced lunch.
During the 2001-2002 school year (Woodson's final year as a middle school instead of a combined elementary and middle school), the school had 357 pupils (down from 394 during the previous school year). During the following school year, the school had 1,098 pupils. During the 2004-2005 school year, the school was down to 969 students.
Neighborhoods served by Woodson.
Woodson's attendance boundaries include several Houston subdivisions located near the Sunnyside neighborhood.
Some houses close to Woodson are zoned from Kindergarten through 8th grade.
Sugar Valley, Cloverland, Almeda, Cullen Estates, City Park, Hillwood, Skyview Forest [http://www.kbhome.com/Community.aspx?CommID=00884908, Regal Oaks [http://www.ryland.com/find-your-new-home/11-Houston/1080-Regal-Oaks.html, a portion of South Acres Estates, and a portion of Minnetex Place are served by Woodson for grades 6 through 8.
Woodson also serves unincorporated portions of Harris County (such as Brunswick [http://www.lennar.com/findhome/community.aspx?COMID=4333&DIVID=HOSLEN Brunswick Lakes [http://houston.roycebuilders.com/community/brunswicklakes/community_info.asp, Brunswick Meadows [http://www.lennar.com/findhome/community.aspx?COMID=14337&DIVID=HSHNUH], and Morningside Place) for grades 6 through 8.
Portions of Pearland are within the Woodson 6-8 attendance zone.
Sunnyside Gardens joined the Woodson elementary attendance zone after Grimes Elementary, which had served that neighborhood for 59 years, closed.
Feeder patterns.
All residents zoned to Woodson for elementary school are also zoned to Woodson for middle school.
Most zoned to Woodson are zoned to Worthing High School for high school. Some students are zoned to Sterling High School.
Notable alumni.
Middle school

</doc>
<doc id="5896544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896544" title="Pekka Niemi">
Pekka Niemi

Pekka Niemi (November 15, 1909 - December 21, 1993) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a bronze medal in the 18 km event at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
Niemi's biggest success as a cross-country skier was at the 1937 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, where he won a complete set of medals (gold: 50 km, silver: 4 x 10 km, bronze: 18 km). He also won the 50 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="5896546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896546" title="The Observatory (journal)">
The Observatory (journal)

The Observatory is a publication, variously described as a journal, a magazine and a review, devoted to astronomy. It has appeared regularly since 1877, and is currently published every two months.
Although it is not published by the Royal Astronomical Society, it publishes the reports of their meetings and is available at a reduced rate to their fellows. Other features are the extensive book reviews and "Here and There", a collection of misprints and ridiculous statements of astronomical interest.
The founder and first editor (1877–82) was William Christie, then Chief Assistant at the Royal Observatory and later Astronomer Royal. Notable subsequent editors include:

</doc>
<doc id="5896563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896563" title="Le Tour du Québec en BD">
Le Tour du Québec en BD

Le Tour du Québec en BD (Travel Quebec Through Graphic Novels) is a collection of graphic novel albums written by Jean-François Gaudet and drawn by Hugues Poirier, with some contributions from other artists. The novels are self-published by the authors, through their advertising agency, Le Vent Qui Vente.
The series introduces readers to the regions of Quebec, as well as the Acadia region of New Brunswick, through simple and humorous writing and the meticulously detailed drawings of the architecture and scenery of the areas. The series is designed for tourists visiting the regions, as well as local residents to remind them of their history and heritage. The comic albums look at each region's regional language, way of life, people, activities and events, and their typical landscapes of the regions, with each album hosted by a character that represents the region. Each book also includes a glossary of terms and expressions and a few typical recipes of the regions.
As of 2012, six albums had been published, covering five regions of Quebec and the Acadian region, with eventual plans to cover all regions of Quebec.
The characters.
The main character of each graphic novel are all distant cousins of each other, similar in appearance and character, who introduce, with their family and friends, their homes through various storylines:
All main characters of these novels have rarely traveled outside of their region, as they felt that where they live is where they belong.
Translation.
The graphic novel for Quebec City, "The Adventures of Dagobert" has been translated into English. As much of the humor and puns are Québécois-specific, some of the jokes and the spirit of the story have been lost in the translation. To compensate for this, many original Québécois expressions have been kept in the story, explained in the glossary and in the regional recipes for the English-speaking readers. The authors plan on translating more books as a way to reach out to English-language readers.

</doc>
<doc id="5896573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896573" title="South Carolina's 5th congressional district">
South Carolina's 5th congressional district

The 5th Congressional District of South Carolina is a congressional district in northern South Carolina bordering North Carolina. From 2003 to 2013 it included all of Cherokee, Chester, Chesterfield, Darlington, Dillon, Fairfield, Kershaw, Lancaster, Marlboro, Newberry and York counties and parts of Florence, Lee and Sumter counties. Outside the rapidly growing city of Rock Hill, the district is mostly rural and agricultural. The district borders were contracted from some of the easternmost counties in the 2012 redistricting.
The district's character is very similar to other mostly rural districts in the South. Democrats still hold most offices outside Republican-dominated York County. However, few of the area's Democrats can be described as liberal by national standards; most are fairly conservative on social issues, but less so on economics. The largest blocs of Republican voters are in the fast-growing suburbs of Charlotte, North Carolina and Cherokee County, which shares the Republican tilt of most of the rest of the Upstate.
In November 2010, the Republican Mick Mulvaney defeated longtime congressman John Spratt and became the first Republican since Robert Smalls and the end of Reconstruction to represent the district.
The primary character of the Netflix original series "House of Cards", Frank Underwood, is depicted as representing the district in the United States House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="5896574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896574" title="Keith Kingbay">
Keith Kingbay

Keith Kingbay (born on 30 April 1914) was a racer, manufacturer, advocate, and author in bicycling. He was raised in Kenosha, Wisconsin, USA, and became a road and track racing cyclist in the 1940s before moving to Chicago to work for the Schwinn Bicycle Company.
Schwinn.
Kingbay took charge of the parts department before being put in charge of the Paramount manufacturing program in 1959 by Frank Schwinn. Kingbay became father of the Varsity and Continental, Schwinn's first derailleur-geared road bicycles. He convinced Schwinn to introduce the bikes and was said to have gotten the Huret brothers drunk over dinner in Chicago to convince them to come down in price for derailleurs.
Kingbay became Schwinn's cycling activities director, the "Ambassador of Bicycling", and traveled to dealers around the USA to promote cycling and lead rides. While Kingbay's PR duties at Schwinn were in support of Schwinn's bottom-line, he evolved into a general pro-bike advocate.
Advocacy.
In 1965, with Phyllis Harmon and Joe Hart, Kingbay reorganized the League of American Wheelmen and brought it to prominence as the League of American Bicyclists.
During his career as an advocate, Kingbay held the following positions:
Authorship.
Kingbay wrote several cycling publications, starting with the creation of a Schwinn Repair Manual in 1959. In 1972, he co-authored with George Fichter a "Bicycling" edition of the Golden Guide series of children's books. In 1976, he wrote the technique and safety guide "Inside Bicycling" (ISBN 0-8092-8029-9), and in 1978, he and Fichter teamed again to write "Contemporary Bicycle Racing" (ISBN 0-8092-7558-9).
Honors.
In 1977, he became inaugural recipient of the Dr Paul Dudley White Award, bestowed by League of American Wheelman (Bicyclists). In 1995, he was inducted into the United States Bicycling Hall of Fame. In the fall of 2005, he was listed in the "Top 25 Change Agents for Cycling", published by the League of American Bicyclists of "25 people who indelibly changed the face of cycling in America." And on November 3, 2006, Kingbay was inducted as an inaugural member into the Chicagoland Bicycle Federation Hall of Fame for participating in that organization's founding in 1985.
Keith Kingbay remained a lifelong cyclist. He died on January 16, 1995 in Denver, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="5896598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896598" title="Islas Marías Federal Prison">
Islas Marías Federal Prison

The Islas Marías Federal Penal Colony is a penitentiary establishment of the Federal Government of Mexico, administered through the Federal Secretariat of Public Security. It is located on Isla María Madre, the northernmost and largest island in the Marías Islands archipielago.
Built in 1905, under the government of Porfirio Díaz, the prison of las Islas Marías was "the pride of the government" becoming the most modern prison model of its time, "escape proof", which operated as an alternative to house the delinquents, who due to their profile and background, could not be held in the prison of Lecumberri.
Until 1950 this prison colony was known as a feared detention center, due to violence, disease, and forced labor. It is calculated that the total number of prisoners to be housed there is above 29,000 .
During the government of Ernesto Zedillo the government decided to modernize the prison system and Islas Marias was deactivated. On 27 November 2003 it was declared a biosphere reserve but with the prison system still existing.
The prison situation in Mexico became so critical that the government announced in 2004 that they were reactivating the Islas Marias prison to transfer 2,500 prisoners from prisons all over the country.
Prison escapes.
The prison has had at least 76 escapes in the last 25 years of which 29 took place in 1986 alone. According to newspaper reports the causes are minimum vigilance, shortage of guards and equipment. Among the most dangerous to escape were criminals sentenced for drug trafficking, 28 murderers, and kidnappers. Of the 76 escapees from the Islas Marías only 10 have been recaptured. According to one source 95% of the escapes are due to corruption.
-On 25 October 1986, an entire family of kidnappers escaped. The Reyes Servín brothers, from Michoacán have never been caught.
-On 16 January 2006, three drug dealers managed to escape. These were José Abraham González Salas, Fernando Méndez del Fierro and Luis Rey López Barrera. González Salas and Méndez del Fierro were sentenced in California, United States. Through the program of interchange they were transferred to the state of Michoacán. González Salas had been sentenced to 24 years for traffic of methamphetamines and heroin. Méndez del Fierro had been sentenced to 18 years for possession and distribution cocaine. Coming from San Luis Potosí, López Barrera entered the Islas Marías on 7 October 2000. He had been sentenced to 11 years and three months for possession and transport of marijuana.
-On November 24, 2011 six inmates tried to escape using plastic containers as flotation devices. They were reportedly carried by currents about 60 miles South of the island. A passing boat tipped authorities and they were promptly returned to the island prison.
Administration.
For many years the prison was administered by the Secretariat of the Interior. Over the years the prison population has fluctuated from 300 to 3000 prisoners.
In addition to prisoners, on Maria Madre island, there are employees of diverse institutions of the federal government, such as the Secretariat of Public Education, the Secretariat of the Environment, the Secretariat of Communications and Transport, Post Offices, and the Secretariat of the Navy.
Another group of settlers is made up of religious ministers and acolytes of the Catholic Church, nuns of the Order of Social Service, and invited teachers, technicians and their relatives.
The colony is governed by a state official who is both the governor of the islands and chief judge.
The military command is independent of the government and is exercised by an officer of the Mexican Navy.
The First chaplain in Islas Marías history was prisoner Arturo Salcido, who was sentenced for trafficking of drugs. Salcido built the first temple, and assembled the first Christian Church in the prison.

</doc>
<doc id="5896602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896602" title="Las Lomas High School">
Las Lomas High School

Las Lomas High School (LLHS) is a public high school in Walnut Creek, California. It was founded in 1951 by the Acalanes Union High School District, and the new school opened its doors in the fall of 1952 to its first graduating class. Las Lomas was the second of five schools built within the Acalanes Union High School District. Las Lomas High School is a traditional high school serving grades 9-12, and it has a history of both athletic and educational excellence. The school has a strong college preparatory program as well as many extracurricular programs. The colors of the school are maroon and gold and the school mascot is the Knight. Las Lomas had 1,482 students in 2011-12. The school has a 96.4% graduation rate, and about 97% of LLHS graduates attend college. "U.S. News & World Report" ranked Las Lomas #372 in the nation in 2013. Las Lomas was voted a National Blue Ribbon School in 2008.
Athletic facilities.
The new tennis courts were completed during the 2011-2012 school year. George DeKlotz Stadium, Las Lomas' new football stadium and track, was finished in 2005. At the same time, the baseball field reopened after a year of remodeling. A year prior, Las Lomas completed construction on a new softball field. Other facilities include a swimming pool, gym, small gym, five tennis courts, locker rooms, and a weight room.
Campus wide organizations.
Within Las Lomas High School there are four main campus wide organizations that help the school in various ways. The PTSA is a combined effort of over 1,500 parent and student volunteers. This organization works toward improving education, health, and well-being of the students. Some of the areas in which they focus are: Campus Communications, Parent Education Programs, Student Scholarships, Student Health and Safety Programs, Reflections- Art Recognition and Achievement, Legislative Advocacy, Classroom Support Services, and Staff Appreciation Events.
The Athletic Boosters also helps keep the campus running smoothly. This group is made to provide the students and coaches with the needed support for their sports. The group provides trainer fees, repair and replacement of equipment, and the awards and scholarships for the student athletes.
The Music Foundation is another prominent group on campus. This group provides the support for high quality vocal and instrumental musical education and appreciation on campus. They not only work to spread appreciation within the campus but within the surrounding community as well. Their fund raising efforts go towards: instruments, performances, and awards and scholarships for student musicians.
The final large campus wide organization at Las Lomas High is the Associated Student Body. This is a student government group that is compiled of Las Lomas students who were voted for by their peers. Led by the Student Body President, these students are in charge of creating an atmosphere of school spirit and appreciation. ASB opens up opportunities within the surrounding community for student volunteer service. Under special circumstances when communities are in need, ASB is in charge of arranging fundraisers for aid.

</doc>
<doc id="5896609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896609" title="Justin Baldoni">
Justin Baldoni

Justin Louis Baldoni (born January 24, 1984) is an American actor and director.
Background.
Baldoni was born in Los Angeles, California, and was raised in Medford, Oregon, the son of Sharon and Sam Baldoni. His mother is Jewish and his father is of Italian ancestry. Baldoni was raised in the Bahá'í Faith. Baldoni played soccer and ran track in high school, and was a radio disc jockey at a local top 40 radio station. Unfortunately, his hopes of playing professional sports were foiled when he tore his hamstring his senior year. Even with his injury, Baldoni was offered a place on the Long Beach State track team his freshman year at California State University. However, he was not able to fully rehabilitate his hamstring in time, and Baldoni left Long Beach for Los Angeles. While moving into a new apartment building, Baldoni met a manager who advised him to pursue a career in acting.
In 2008, Baldoni wrote, produced, and directed his first music video that was selected and showcased at the Dawn Breakers International Film Festival.
He shortly after directed a short film entitled "The Walk to Fame" for Warner Brothers artist Jason Derulo and various music videos for Brendan James and S-Curve artist Andy Grammer.
He recently partnered with SoulPancake and Emmy-nominated actor Rainn Wilson to create a documentary series titled "My Last Days." The show focuses on people who are terminally ill, but refuse to give up on life. Justin hopes the show will inspire people to stop taking the time we have left for granted, and begin to appreciate what truly matters. "You don't have to find out you're dying to start living."

</doc>
<doc id="5896613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896613" title="Jim Coutts">
Jim Coutts

James Allan "Jim" Coutts, (May 16, 1938 – December 31, 2013) was a Canadian lawyer, businessman, and former advisor to two prime ministers.
Born in High River, Alberta, he was raised in Nanton, Alberta. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1960 and a law degree in 1961 from the University of Alberta and an MBA from the Harvard Business School in 1968. He was called to Bar of Alberta in 1962.
From 1961 to 1963, he practiced law in Calgary, Alberta. From 1963 to 1966, he was a Secretary to Liberal Prime Minister Lester Pearson. After receiving his MBA, he was a Consultant with McKinsey & Company from 1968 to 1970. From 1970 to 1975, he was a Partner with The Canada Consulting Group. From 1975 to 1981, he was the Principal Secretary to Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau.
In 1981, Trudeau appointed Liberal MP Peter Stollery to the Senate so Coutts could run for the Canadian House of Commons in what was thought of as the safe Ontario riding of Spadina. The plan backfired - the voters rebelled and Coutts narrowly lost to New Democrat Dan Heap. Coutts ran again, but lost by a heavier margin in the 1984 election. 
He subsequently left politics and entered business with an international career in industrial explosives. He was a principal of Lowther Consultants Limited and the chairman and chief executive officer of CIC Canadian Investment Capital Limited. 
He was also a philanthropist and a major donor to the University of Lethbridge.
He was a member of the Board and Foundation of The Hospital for Sick Children and was a co-founder of the W.O. Mitchell Literary Prize.
In 2001, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada.
Coutts died of cancer on December 31, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5896620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896620" title="James Coutts">
James Coutts

James Coutts or Jim Coutts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5896623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896623" title="Stanisław Kluza">
Stanisław Kluza

Stanisław Kluza (, born 2 June 1972 in Lubliniec) is a Polish economist who, from July 14 to September 22, 2006, was the Finance Minister in the cabinet of Jarosław Kaczyński. He is the successor of Paweł Wojciechowski, who lasted only two weeks in this position as a man personally unknown to the Law and Justice party leader. Kluza claimed to continue the financial politics of Zyta Gilowska and Wojciechowski. Advocate of support for numerous families in their income tax, he is against lowering taxes until 2009 and against the rapid accession of Poland to the euro zone.
Kluza was the first President of the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (September 2006 - November 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="5896625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896625" title="Corey Mayfield">
Corey Mayfield

Corey Mayfield is a former American football offensive lineman/defensive lineman and former coach of the Arena Football League. Mayfield played in the National Football League and the Arena Football League.
College years.
Mayfield attended the University of Oklahoma, and was a three-year starter. He finished his career with 12 sacks and 88 tackles.
Coaching career.
Corey Mayfield began his coaching career as an assistant with the Dallas Desperados. He is currently the Defensive Line Coach/Co-Special Teams Coordinator for the New York Dragons and Head Coach of the East Texas Wranglers of the Independent Indoor Football Alliance

</doc>
<doc id="5896628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896628" title="Nils Östensson">
Nils Östensson

Nils Östensson (April 29, 1918, Transtrand, Dalarna – July 24, 1949) was a former Swedish cross country skier who competed in the 1940s. He won the 4 x 10 km gold and the 18 km silver at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.
Östensson also won the 18 km and 50 km events at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1949.
He died in a motorcycle accident on July 24, 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="5896635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896635" title="Maurice Cohen">
Maurice Cohen

Maurice Cohen (1927—2006) was a cryptographer for Mossad. His older brother was the celebrated Israeli spy Eli Cohen. He discovered his brother's identity through his decryption work.
Born in Egypt to Syrian parents and living in Ramat Gan, Maurice spent his life commemorating his brother's legacy and appealing to bring back Eli Cohen's bones to burial in Israel, which Syria refuses to do. He died in December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5896647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896647" title="The Door Behind">
The Door Behind

The Door Behind is the 38th release by avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek, released by his own Corwood Industries label (#0776). It was his third release of 2004 and came out on the heels of his debut live performance in Scotland on October 17, 2004. 

</doc>
<doc id="5896656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896656" title="John Louis Taylor">
John Louis Taylor

John Louis Taylor (1769–1829) was an American jurist and first Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court.
Born in London, he is the only foreign-born Chief Justice in state history. He was brought to America at the age of 12 and attended William and Mary College.
Taylor was elected to represent Fayetteville, North Carolina in the North Carolina House of Commons in 1792, 1794 and 1795. He became a state Superior Court judge in 1798 and turned over most of his law practice to his brother-in-law, young William Gaston, who later became a North Carolina Supreme Court judge and U.S. Congressman.
Before 1818, several North Carolina Superior Court judges met en banc twice each year, to review appeals and disputes from their own trial courts. This was eventually called the "Supreme Court." Taylor sat as part of this Court often and in 1810 was chosen as its Chief Justice. When the North Carolina General Assembly decided to create a full-time, distinct Supreme Court in 1818, the legislators chose three men to make up the new Court: Taylor, Leonard Henderson, and John Hall. The three met and elected Taylor to once again assume his title of Chief Justice. He served on the Court until his death, near Raleigh, in 1829. Taylor is buried in Historic Oakwood Cemetery.
Taylor was a prominent Freemason and served as Grand Senior Warden of North Carolina, while William R. Davie was Grand Master, and he himself served as Grand Master from 1802–1804 and from 1814-1816. He was a member of Phoenix Lodge No. 8, A.F. & A.M., Fayetteville, North Carolina.
Works.
His publications include: 

</doc>
<doc id="5896667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896667" title="Chris Raschka">
Chris Raschka

Chris Raschka (born March 6, 1959) is an American illustrator, writer, and violist. He contributed to children's literature as a children's illustrator. He was U.S. nominee for the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Medal in 2012.
"Yo! Yes?" was a Caldecott Honor Book in 1994 but Raschka may be most famous for his "Hello, Goodbye Window", winner of the 2006 Caldecott Medal. Also, his book "A Ball for Daisy" won the 2012 Caldecott Medal. 
Rashka was born in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania. Though he grew up in suburban Chicago, Illinois, he spent part of his childhood in Austria, his mother's homeland. He is a graduate of St. Olaf College. Now he currently lives in New York City. 
Raschka is the author and illustrator of "Charlie Parker Played Be Bop", an introduction to the saxophone player and composer Charlie Parker (Scholastic, 1997).
Two of his books have met with controversy: "Happy to Be Nappy," written by bell hooks, and his own "Arlene Sardine". 

</doc>
<doc id="5896686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896686" title="Government Polytechnic Institute Attock">
Government Polytechnic Institute Attock

The Government Polytechnic Institute Attock, or GPI Attock is a government technical education institute in Attock and Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan.
External links.
Official Web MADE BY Engr. Nouman Ali

</doc>
<doc id="5896688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896688" title="Gunnar Eriksson">
Gunnar Eriksson

Gunnar Eriksson (September 13, 1921, Mora Municipality – July 8, 1982) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the 1940s. He won the 4 x 10 km gold and the 18 km bronze at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz
Eriksson also won the 50 km event at the 1950 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lake Placid, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5896691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896691" title="Worry About It Later">
Worry About It Later

"Worry About It Later" is the second single to be taken from The Futureheads second album "News and Tributes". It performed poorly in the charts only reaching a chart position of #52 in the UK Singles Chart.
This was the last single released from the album because of the band's parting from record label 679.

</doc>
<doc id="5896693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896693" title="A Bullfighter's Guide to Space and Love">
A Bullfighter's Guide to Space and Love

"A Bullfighter's Guide to Space and Love" is an EP by the band Havalina. Serving as a prelude to the album "Space, Love, & Bullfighting", this EP features alternate versions of three songs which would appear on the next album.
This is the first release to use the trucated name "Havalina", cutting off "Rail Co." from the name.
Track listing.
Vinyl Release.
Side 1
Side 2

</doc>
<doc id="5896695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896695" title="Soul Train Music Award for Best R&amp;B/Soul Album of the Year">
Soul Train Music Award for Best R&amp;B/Soul Album of the Year

This article is a list of the Soul Train Music Awards winners for Best R&B/Soul Album of the Year. 
See also.
"Soul Train Music Award for Best R&B/Soul Album, Female" and "Soul Train Music Award for Best R&B/Soul Album, Male".

</doc>
<doc id="5896714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896714" title="Colubrinae">
Colubrinae

The Colubrinae are a subfamily of the Colubridae family of snakes. It includes numerous genera, and taxonomic sources often disagree on the exact number. It is the largest subfamily of colubrids, and even of all snakes. Many of the most commonly known snakes are members of this subfamily, including, but not limited to: rat snakes, king snakes, milk snakes, vine snakes and indigo snakes.

</doc>
<doc id="5896715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896715" title="Worthing High School (Houston, Texas)">
Worthing High School (Houston, Texas)

Evan Edward Worthing High School is a secondary school located in the Sunnyside area of Houston, Texas, United States.
Worthing serves grades 9 through 12 and is a part of the Houston Independent School District.
Worthing has Houston ISD's magnet program for Mathematics, Science and Technology.
History.
Worthing Junior-Senior High School was built in 1958, and it opened on January 27, 1958. The students zoned to Worthing previously attended Miller Junior High School and Yates High School. The school is named after Evan Edward Worthing, a Houston real-estate developer who set up a scholarship trust for African-American HISD students. A native of Michigan, he earned a mechanical engineering degree from Texas A&M University, where he was captain of the American football team. His will stated that African-Americans should inherit his wealth; this led to the opening of Worthing. The school originally covered grades 7 through 12. Worthing was originally located at 4330 Bellfort Boulevard; as the first building became overcrowded a new high school campus opened. Worthing moved to 9215 Scott Street at Reed Road, and Attucks Middle School opened at the former location.
In 2007, prosecutors charged a student for "felony assault of a public servant." According to the charge, on Friday, May 11, 2007, a 15-year-old male student beat home economics Teacher Vanesta Marshall on the left side of her face, from her eyebrow to her chin, in retaliation for sending him to the principal. Marshall said that the other students restrained the attacker.
That same year, a Johns Hopkins University/Associated Press study referred to Worthing as a "dropout factory" where at least 40% of the entering freshman class does not make it to their senior year.
In 2011, two persons opened fire during a powder-puff football game at Worthing. One man, an 18-year old former student named Tremaine De Ante’ Paul, died. Five other people received injuries.
On Wednesday March 21, 2012, the school's renovation and expansion groundbreaking ceremony was held. The $805 million bond referendum, approved in elections in 2007, will fund the renovation and expansion. At the ceremony, Licia Green Ellis, the wife of Texas Senate member Rodney Ellis, gave a $10,000 donation to the school.
As part of the 2014-2015 rezoning, residents of South Park located west of Martin Luther King Boulevard will be rezoned from Jones High School to Worthing.
Consolidation proposal.
In November 2008 Houston ISD proposed to rebuild Carnegie Vanguard High School on a site adjacent to Worthing, rebuild Worthing, and have the two schools share the same cafeteria and other facilities. School board member Larry Marshall, whose jurisdiction at the time included Carnegie and Worthing, expressed support for this proposal or otherwise to house Carnegie and Worthing on the same plot of land.
Parents at Worthing accepted the proposal while parents at Carnegie rejected it and asked for it to be discontinued. The Carnegie parents said that the higher violence levels at Worthing and the parents' fears of backlash against Carnegie students at Worthing cause them to be opposed to HISD's proposal. Peter Brown, the Houston City Council At-Large Position 1, opposed the idea. Brown said that the renovation of Worthing would be less costly than the consolidation. Brown also cited a Gates Foundation study to support his point.
On December 4, 2008 Abelardo Saavedra,the HISD superintendent, said that he would for now shelve plans since they had insufficient support from the board of trustees. School board trustee Paula M. Harris expressed support for the consolidation plan, arguing that magnet schools and small neighborhood schools, many of which were closed by the district, should be treated in the same manner. Margaret Downing of the "Houston Press" added that Worthing parents did not like how the controversy "denigrated" the school.
Student body.
Worthing had a total of 1,026 students during the 2006-2007 school year.
The school is solidly African American; 92% of Worthing students were African American during that year. About 7% of the students were Hispanic American. About 1% of the students were White American. Less than one percent of the students each were Asian American and Native American.
Approximately 62% of Worthing students qualified for free or reduced lunch during that school year.
Neighborhoods served by Worthing.
Worthing High School serves Sunnyside, Sugar Valley, Cullen Estates, Brookhaven, a portion of South Acres, a portion of South Acres Estates, Cloverland, Regal Oaks [http://www.ryland.com/find-your-new-home/11-Houston/1080-Regal-Oaks.html, a portion of Minnetex Place, City Park, Almeda, and Skyview Forest [http://www.kbhome.com/Community.aspx?CommID=00884908. Hence, Worthing's logo is "Sunnyside Pride." Worthing also serves unincorporated portions of Harris County (such as Brunswick [http://www.lennar.com/findhome/community.aspx?COMID=4333&DIVID=HOSLEN Brunswick Lakes [http://houston.roycebuilders.com/community/brunswicklakes/community_info.asp, Brunswick Meadows [http://www.lennar.com/findhome/community.aspx?COMID=14337&DIVID=HSHNUH], and Morningside Place).
Portions of the city of Pearland are in the Worthing attendance zone.
School uniforms.
Worthing requires school uniforms.
Feeder patterns.
Elementary schools that feed into Worthing include
Elementary schools that partially feed into Worthing include:
Middle schools that feed into Worthing include Attucks, Dowling, Thomas, and Woodson K-8 School's middle school program; No middle schools have all of their attendance boundaries zoned to Worthing.

</doc>
<doc id="5896716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896716" title="Hyperion (album)">
Hyperion (album)

Hyperion is a concept album by Manticora, released in 2002.
The album is based upon the novel Hyperion by Dan Simmons.

</doc>
<doc id="5896724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896724" title="Row equivalence">
Row equivalence

In linear algebra, two matrices are row equivalent if one can be changed to the other by a sequence of elementary row operations. Alternatively, two "m" × "n" matrices are row equivalent if and only if they have the same row space. The concept is most commonly applied to matrices that represent systems of linear equations, in which case two matrices of the same size are row equivalent if and only if the corresponding homogeneous systems have the same set of solutions, or equivalently the matrices have the same null space.
Because elementary row operations are reversible, row equivalence is an equivalence relation. It is commonly denoted by a tilde (~).
There is a similar notion of column equivalence, defined by elementary column operations; two matrices are column equivalent if and only if their transpose matrices are row equivalent. Two rectangular matrices that can be converted into one another allowing both elementary row and column operations are called simply equivalent.
Elementary row operations.
An elementary row operation is any one of the following moves:
Two matrices "A" and "B" are row equivalent if it is possible to transform "A" into "B" by a sequence of elementary row operations.
Row space.
The row space of a matrix is the set of all possible linear combinations of its row vectors. If the rows of the matrix represent a system of linear equations, then the row space consists of all linear equations that can be deduced algebraically from those in the system. Two "m" × "n" matrices are row equivalent if and only if they have the same row space.
For example, the matrices
are row equivalent, the row space being all vectors of the form formula_2. The corresponding systems of homogeneous equations convey the same information:
In particular, both of these systems imply every equation of the form formula_4
Equivalence of the definitions.
The fact that two matrices are row equivalent if and only if they have the same row space is an important theorem in linear algebra. The proof is based on the following observations:
This line of reasoning also proves that every matrix is row equivalent to a unique matrix with reduced row echelon form.

</doc>
<doc id="5896738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896738" title="Valora Noland">
Valora Noland

Valora Noland is an American actress, notable for her 1960s movie and television work.
Biography.
Valora Noland was born in Seattle, Washington December 8, 1941. Her mother had not yet decided upon a name for her new boy or girl, and caught up in the concerns of the hour (Pearl Harbor), let it go for the moment. Later, hearing a stirring speech by Winston Churchill, she named her daughter Valor, but neglected to add it to the birth certificate. When Valor applied for her first driver's license, she had to produce her birth certificate, but it said only "Girl child ..." So the name was finally added in the late 1950s.
Her family moved from Seattle to the countryside near Santa Cruz, California in 1943.
Sometime around 1959, forced by her mother to choose a career, Valor Baum decided to become an actress. After graduating from Santa Cruz High School, she was accepted by the Pasadena Playhouse, and while studying there for a year and a half, settled on "Valora Noland" for her stage name. One day, while shopping for groceries, a peculiar little man approached her. "I've been watching you while you've been shopping", he said. "Are you with the Playhouse? Are you in show business? I know a great agent, though he'll tell you he doesn't know me! I can introduce you!" This introduction led to Valora getting an agent before she moved to Hollywood, but though her go-between was highly respected (Dick Clayton), she didn't just jump into the perfect showcase role. Her first job, an improvised scene with three other actors for the film "Five Finger Exercise"—later cut before distribution because it hadn't been in the original play—enabled her to buy her SAG card, and somewhat larger parts in TV shows followed, but not too exciting. Her first genuine movie role was in "Beach Party" (1963), and in the next year, 1964, she played a part in an independent production titled "Summer Children", made on Catalina Island. It was never officially released. This was followed by "Muscle Beach Party", and after that a film titled "Sex and the College Girl" which took place on the island of Puerto Rico. A third "island" film came in 1965 when she was chosen to play the unfaithful wife in "The Passionate Strangers," a Philippine production. Back in Hollywood, Valora joined the cast of "The War Wagon" for a minimal role, and was given a few leads in television shows, "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.", "The Virginian", and "". The last was the first time a director had ever called for her to play a specific part without competing, and this a week before shooting began. She regretted accepting the hurried invitation for several reasons, and bowed out of Hollywood shortly thereafter in January 1968.
Characters.
Among Noland's more memorable characters were Vickie in 1964's "Sex and the College Girl"; Duchess Vicky in "The Man from U.N.C.L.E", episode "The Round Table Affair" (1966); and Amanda Harley in "The Virginian" episode "Girl on the Pinto" (1967).

</doc>
<doc id="5896752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896752" title="Quentin Quail">
Quentin Quail

Quentin Quail is a screwball animated cartoon, part of the "Merrie Melodies" series. It presents a tale about a quail (voiced by Tedd Pierce) who goes through various trials and tribulations to try to get a worm for his baby, Toots (a take-off on Fanny Brice's radio character, Baby Snooks), only to be rebuffed by her because the worm looks like Frank Sinatra.

</doc>
<doc id="5896755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896755" title="The End of It All">
The End of It All

The End of It All is the 37th release by avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek, released by his own Corwood Industries label (#0775). It was his second of four released in 2004. Jandek returns to electric guitar on the album, though his playing style and guitar tone sound like an electrified version of the acoustic playing on "The Humility of Pain" and "The Place". It began a series of more romantically focused albums.

</doc>
<doc id="5896756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896756" title="Sarasaviya Awards">
Sarasaviya Awards

Sarasaviya Award is an award bestowed to distinguished individuals involved with the Sinhala cinema, each year by the Sarasaviya weekly newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited (Lake House), Sri Lanka in recognition of the contributions made by them to the Sri Lankan film industry.
History.
The Sarasaviya film awards ceremony began in 1964 at a time when the local cinema was trying to shed its South Indian orientation and establish an indigenous identity. There was no need to go to India to make films any more and the era of Indian artistes too had ended.
The first Sarasaviya film festival was held on May 9, 1964 at the Asoka Cinema Hall, Colombo, 17 years after the first Sinhala film screened. By then a series of good Sinhala films like Podi Putha, Rekhawa, Sandeshaya, Ranmuthuduwa, Kurulubedda, Sikurutharuwa and Gamperaliya had appeared on screen. Yet the main stream consisted of simulations of Indian productions.
The year 1960 is seen as the beginning of the golden era of Sinhala cinema. The first Sarasaviya Awards Festival had as entries not only the films screened in 1963 but also the films screened from 1960 to 1963. The best film, best director, best script-writer, best actor and best actress were honoured that day. Gamperaliya was regarded as the best film and it was awarded to its producer Anton Wickremasinghe. Sir Lester James Peiris and Regi Siriwardena won the awards for best director and best script-writer, respectively and that too was for Gamperaliya. D.R. Nanayakkara was awarded the best actor title for his performance in Sikuru Tharuwa, another popular film in the 1964 film festival. The best actress award was bagged by Punya Heendeniya for her performance in Gamperaliya.
Awards at Present.
In 2004, there were 33 awards in total, including the 12 prominent awards. However, this varies from year to year. Following is a brief list of the Award winners from each category for each year since 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="5896763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896763" title="Paavo Lonkila">
Paavo Lonkila

Paavo Olavi Lonkila, née Lång (born 11 January 1923), was a Finnish farmer and cross-country skier who competed in the 1940s and 1950s.
He was born in Kiuruvesi. He won the 4 x 10 km gold and the 18 km bronze at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo. Lonkila also won a silver in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1950 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. He also won the 18 km event at the 1951 Holmenkollen ski festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5896766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896766" title="Salim Jay">
Salim Jay

Salim Jay (born in 1951) is a Moroccan novelist, essayist and literary critic. He was born in Paris from a Moroccan father and a French mother. He has written about 20 books, numerous essays and more than thousand newspaper articles.
His "Dictionnaire des Écrivains marocains", published in 2005 by "éditions EDDIF (Maroc)" and "Paris-Méditérannée (France)" is a biographical dictionary of Moroccan writers who have expressed themselves in French language. The book has established itself already as a standard reference tool.
Background.
Salim Jay lived in Rabat from 1957 to 1973. His father was a poet who wrote in classical Arabic and was a friend of late king Mohammed V to whom Jay devoted the novel "Portrait du Géniteur en Poète Officiel" (Denoel, 1985). When Salim Jay was fourteen he made his first steps in journalism. He wrote an article for l'Opinion, the newspaper of the nationalist and royalist Istiqlal Party. In 1973 he heeded warnings and went into exile in France. He would not return for 29 years. He kept contact with his native country through the writings of other Moroccans. Salim Jay has a column in "Qantara", the magazine of the prestigious 'Institut du Monde Arabe' in Paris.
Besides articles on the literature of Morocco, Jay has written on French writers like Michel Tournier, Henri Thomas and Jean Freustié. His own favorite is "101 Maliens nous manquent", 1987, ed. Arcantère.
External links.
Article (in French) by Fouad Laroui "Salim Jay est-il un écrivain marrocain ?" [http://www.yabiladi.com/article-culture-425.html]

</doc>
<doc id="5896767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896767" title="Monastery of Saint Paraskevi (Vikos)">
Monastery of Saint Paraskevi (Vikos)

The Monastery of Saint Paraskevi is an abandoned monastery situated on the edge of Vikos Gorge, in the region of Zagori, (Ioannina regional unit), northwestern Greece. The monastery founded at 1413–1414, consists of a small stone-built chapel, the oldest preserved in Zagori, and offers panoramic views to the gorge.
Foundation and description.
The monastery, named after Saint Paraskevi (" Aghia Paraskevi"), was founded at 1413–1414. According to an inscription over its gate, the foundation took place when the local ruler of Epirus was Despot Carlo I Tocco. It was built by the inhabitants of the nearby village of Vitsa and with the personal expense of a local lord, the "voevoda" Michael Therianos. Tradition mentions that Therianos built the monastery as an act of thanksgiving for his daughter's savior suffering from an incurable illness.
The church is a small basilica, with only a nave and a wooden roof, surrounded by the monks' cells. The frescoes of the temple partially date to 15th century. On the northern wall, there is a donor portrait of Therianos, his wife and children. The depictions are indicative of the dressing code of that time. The outfits of the benefactors are luxurious with rich embroidered cloths, broad braids and fringes. His daughter, Theodora, is wearing a white kerchief on her head, which is wrapped around her neck. The wall paintings on the south wall are dated from the relevant inscription around 1689.
Surroundings.
The monastery is built at the edge of a rough rock that stands over the Vikos Gorge. The closest village, Monodendri, is a 15-minute walk away. From the terrace of the chapel, which has been appropriately designed, visitors can safely watch over the gorge.
A number of caves are located in the middle of the rough side of Vikos north and east of the monastery, where hermits and persecuted Christians sought refuge during Ottoman times. Moreover, for the same reason, a number of small dwellings were built around 1816.

</doc>
<doc id="5896788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896788" title="Priest–penitent privilege in England">
Priest–penitent privilege in England

The doctrine of priest–penitent privilege does not appear to apply in English law. The orthodox view is that under the law of England and Wales privileged communication exists only in the context of legal advice obtained from a professional adviser. A statement of the law on priest–penitent privilege is contained in the nineteenth century case of "Wheeler v. Le Marchant":
Justification of the rule.
The foundation of the rule protecting communications to attorneys and counsel was stated by Henry Brougham, 1st Baron Brougham and Vaux, Lord Chancellor, in an exhaustive judgment on the subject in the case of "Greenough v. Gaskell" (1833) 1 Mylne & Keen 103, to be the necessity of having the aid of men skilled in jurisprudence for the purpose of the administration of justice. It was not, he said, on account of any particular importance which the law attributed to the business of people in the legal profession or of any particular disposition to afford them protection, though it was not easy to see why a like privilege was refused to others, especially to medical advisers.
A similar opinion was expressed by Sir George James Turner, Vice-Chancellor in the case of "Russell v. Jackson" (1851) 9 Hare 391, in the following words:
Moreover, in the relationship of lawyer and client the privilege was confined to communications between them made in respect of the particular litigation and it did not extend to communications generally passing between a client and his lawyer professionally. But the principle has developed so as now to include all professional communications passing in a professional capacity, and to the information and belief founded thereon, see: "Minet v. Morgan" (1873) 8 Chancery Appeals, 366; "Lyell v. Kennedy" (1883) 9 AC 90. In the former case Roundell Palmer, 1st Earl of Selborne, Lord Chancellor, said:
Various commissions on law reform have opposed any extension to the current scope of professional privilege.
History.
Pre-reformation.
Before the Reformation, England was a Roman Catholic country and the Canon law was the law of England. Thus the Seal of the Confessional had great import in the civil courts.
From Reformation to nineteenth century.
During the Reformation, the Church of England was established when King Henry VIII broke from the Roman Catholic Church. The respect of the courts for the Seal of the Confessional was less compelling during this period. During the trial of Fr. Henry Garnet, for conspiracy in the Gunpowder Plot, the defence that the plot had been communicated to him by Robert Catesby under the Seal of the Confessional was not rejected out of hand by the court, perhaps a surprising decision given the political climate.
Confession and the Anglican Church.
There has never been any UK legislation, one way or the other, about the disclosure in evidence of religious confession. If the privilege had ceased to be part of the common law, legislation would be necessary to re-establish it. If it survived in the common law it can only have done so through the allowance of it in the case of the Church of England, from where it may be possible to argue its extension to other creeds.
The civil courts.
It was decided by the Court of King's Bench in a judgment delivered by Philip Yorke, 1st Earl of Hardwicke in the case of "Middleton v. Croft" that the Canons of 1603, though binding on the clergy, do not bind the laity. The reason for this is that though canons, in order to be valid must, as these did, receive the royal sanction, they are made in convocation, and, thus, without representation of the laity. Accordingly, if this canon infringed a right enjoyed by the lay subjects of the realm it would, seemingly, in as far as it did so, not be valid against them. Thus, a canon purporting to forbid clergymen from appearing as witnesses in any action which a subject might lawfully bring in the King's courts would, seemingly, be void as against the subject.
The fundamental principle is that a witness shall give in evidence the whole truth that he knows concerning the matter in dispute and that the parties to the dispute are entitled to have that evidence given. The rules which regulate and which, in certain exceptional cases, restrict the giving of evidence are the growth of practice and of the rulings of judges, occurring mainly within the last two to three centuries (see the judgment of Parke B in the case of "The Queen v. Ryle", 9 M. & W., 244). The rule of Public Interest Immunity which excludes evidence, the requiring of which would be contrary to public policy, as may occur in relation to the conduct of the business of a state department, is an instance. In view of the absolute repudiation by the state of the jurisdiction of the Catholic Church and in view of the abandonment of the sacrament of confession as practised before the Reformation, one may fairly presume that, from the date of that event, confession would no longer have been regarded as a ground from motives of public policy, entitling to an exemption from the principle of the disclosure of all the truth known about the cause, were it to be civil or criminal.
Important cases and decisions.
"Du Barré v. Livette".
In the case of "Du Barré v. Livette" (1791) Peake 77, Lord Kenyon again held that the privilege would extend so as to preclude an interpreter between a solicitor and a foreign client from giving evidence of what had passed.
In the report of that case the plaintiff's counsel informed the court that Mr. Justice Buller had recently tried on circuit a case ("R v. Sparkes") and that the prisoner, in that case, was a "papist" and that it came out at the trial that he had made a confession of his capital crime to a protestant clergyman. This confession had been received in evidence by the judge and the prisoner was convicted and executed. The Catholic Encyclopedia contends that it is "obvious" that neither of the parties could have regarded the confession as sacramental. Lord Kenyon said that he would have paused before admitting such evidence, adding
"Butler v. Moore".
In this case a priest was imprisoned for contempt of court for refusing to answer whether John Butler, 12th Baron Dunboyne, professed the Catholic faith at the time of his death. Statute would have nullified Lord Dunboyne's will had such been the case. "Butler v. Moore" was an Irish case (Ireland at the time formed part of the United Kingdom, but had a separate legal system).
"R v. Redford".
In 1823, in the case of the "R v. Redford", which was tried before William Draper Best, 1st Baron Wynford, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas on circuit, when a Church of England clergyman was about to give in evidence a confession of guilt made to him by the prisoner, the judge checked him and indignantly expressed his opinion that it was improper for a clergyman to reveal a confession.
"R v. Gilham".
The case of "R v Gilham" (1828) 1 Mood CC 186, CCR, concerned the admission of evidence against a prisoner of an acknowledgment of his guilt which had been induced by the ministrations and words of the Protestant prison chaplain. The acknowledgment of the murder with which he was charged was made by the prisoner to the jailer and, subsequently, to the authorities.
The Catholic Encyclopedia contends that he appears to have made no acknowledgment of his crime to the chaplain himself and that the question of confessional privilege did not arise.
"Broad v. Pitt".
In 1828, the case of "Broad v. Pitt" 3 C&P 518, where the privilege of communications to an attorney was under discussion, Best CJ said:
"R v. Shaw".
In "R v. Shaw" (1834) 6 C& P 392, a witness who had taken an oath not to reveal a statement which had been made to him by the prisoner, was ordered to reveal it. "Everybody", said Mr. Justice Patteson, who tried the case, "except counsel and attorneys, is compellable to reveal what they may have heard."
"Greenlaw v. King.
In the case of "Greenlaw v. King" (1838) 1 Beav 145, Henry Bickersteth, 1st Baron Langdale, Master of the Rolls said:
"R v. Griffin".
In "R v. Griffin" (1853) 6 Cox CC 219, a Church of England workhouse chaplain was called to prove conversations with a prisoner charged with child-murder whom, he stated, he had visited in a spiritual capacity. The judge, Baron of the Exchequer Sir Edward Hall Alderson, strongly intimated to counsel that he thought such conversations ought not to be given in evidence, saying that there was an analogy between the necessity for privilege in the case of an attorney to enable legal evidence to be given and that in the case of the clergyman to enable spiritual assistance to be given. He added, "I do not lay this down as an absolute rule: but I think such evidence ought not to be given".
The Constance Kent Case.
In 1865, the murder trial of Constance Kent aroused a number of parliamentary questions whose answers reaffirmed the limited scope of professional privilege in England.
"R v. Hay".
In this case, a Catholic priest was committed for contempt of court for failing to give evidence as to how he came by an allegedly stolen watch on the grounds that it came into his possession by way of the confessional. The court insisted that he was asked a plain matter of fact and not to breach the seal of the confessional. The Catholic Encyclopedia suggests that this case supports the view that the confessional is privileged.
"Ruthven v. De Bonn".
The Catholic Encyclopedia reports the case "Ruthven v. De Bonn", tried before Mr. Justice Ridley and a jury in 1901.
Alternative views of the law.
The Catholic Encyclopedia contends that the current view of the law is based on "R. v. Gilham" ("supra") but contends that the decision has been misconstrued. The Encyclopedia goes on to identify some alternative views.
In an anonymous case reported in "Skinner's Reports", 404, in 1693, Lord Chief Justice John Holt said that the privilege would extend to a law scrivener, because he would be counsel to a man with whom he would advise. But he is reported to have added "otherwise of a Gentleman, Parson etc." Badeley maintains that Lord Holt did not mean this last assertion to be general and exclusive. This may conceivably be so. It is recorded in another anonymous case, which we find in Lord Raymond's "Reports", 733, that the same judge refused to admit the evidence of a person entrusted by both the parties to the cause to make and keep secret a bargain. He added that "him a trustee should not be a witness in order to betray the trust". But the last decision cannot be said to be in agreement with the law of evidence as generally laid down.
In the case of "Wilson v. Rastall", as in some other cases, the indication of a potentiality of an expansion of this side of the law of evidence. "I have always understood", Lord Kenyon said, giving judgment, "that the privilege of a client only extends to the case of the attorney for him. Though whether or not it ought to be extended farther, I am happy to think may be inquired into in this cause." He meant that the matter would not be definitely concluded as an appeal would be possible.
In William Mawdesley Best's work on "The Principles of the Law of Evidence" there is, not only an expression of opinion that the privilege should be accorded, but one to the effect that there is ground for holding that the right to the privilege is existent.

</doc>
<doc id="5896803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896803" title="Fladungen">
Fladungen

Fladungen is a town in the Rhön-Grabfeld district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated in the Rhön Mountains, 11 km northwest of Ostheim, 20 km west of Meiningen, and 33 km east of Fulda. The northernmost town in Bavaria, it borders Hesse to the northwest and Thuringia to the northeast.
Fladungen lies at the southern edge of the Rhön Mountains, and the Rhön Biosphere Reserve begins a few kilometers outside of town. It is at the head of the river Streu, which flows southeast to join the Franconian Saale near Bad Neustadt. The region around the town is popular for hiking and cycling, especially in the summer and early autumn. 
The town is a service center for the surrounding agricultural region. There are also some small industries, including a cement factory. The 2009 population was estimated at just over 2,100.
History.
Fladungen first appears in a public record in 789 AD; the town was granted "Stadtrechts" (city rights) by Louis_IV, Holy Roman Emperor, in 1335. It passed under Bavarian control after the Treaty of Paris in 1814. From the 18th to the mid-20th century, Fladungen was the primary market town for the Franconian Rhön, a relatively rural and underpopulated region whose economy was dominated by agriculture, sheep-herding and timber. During the Cold War, the border with East Germany ran through the hills around Fladungen. (A portion of the old border fence has been preserved as a memorial in the Rhon-Biosphere park, a few kilometers north of the town.) Nevertheless, the town grew rapidly after the Second World War, nearly doubling its population between 1945 and 1990.
Main Sights.
Fladungen is noted for the "Freilandmuseum", an open-air museum of historical houses that includes more than a dozen farmhouses as well as a church and a mill. The town hall is unusually large; it was built by Michael Kaut, architect of the Marienberg Fortress in Wurzburg, in 1628. The town hall was renovated in 2012-13 and includes a "Museum of the Rhön". Also noteworthy are the Maulaffenturm, a medieval tower that served for centuries as the local jail; the town walls, dating back to the 14th century and renovated repeatedly, most recently in the 1970s; and the Gangolfskapelle, a 16th-century chapel with an adjacent early 20th century-grotto atop a hill (the "Kapellenberg") 1 km outside the town center. Much of the town was destroyed by fire in the 17th century, so there are few buildings older than that, but the town center includes many half-timbered buildings from the late 17th and 18th centuries. 
A festival of antique cars -- the "Old Timers Fest" -- is held early every July, and attracts over 20,000 visitors. A steam-powered train, the "Rhön-Zugle", runs from Fladungen to Mellrichstadt on alternate Sundays from May to October.
Services.
The town has a public swimming pool and its own football club. There is a kindergarten and a school for grades 1-4. Regular bus services connect Fladungen to the nearby towns of Ostheim and Bad Neustadt. There is a hotel with conference center, along with more than twenty smaller inns and guest houses.

</doc>
<doc id="5896829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896829" title="Nova Scotia Route 362">
Nova Scotia Route 362

Route 362 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Kings County and connects Middleton at Trunk 1 with East Margaretsville.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5896839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896839" title="Frankenau">
Frankenau

Frankenau is a small town in Waldeck-Frankenberg district in Hesse, Germany.
Geography.
Location.
Frankenau lies in the Kellerwald range southwest of the Talgang (566 m-high mountain). It is found on the southern edge of the Kellerwald-Edersee National Park on the upper reaches of the Lorfebach, a tributary to the Eder. Frankenau lies 10 km east of Frankenberg, and 33 km northeast of Marburg.
Neighbouring communities.
Frankenau borders in the north on the community of Vöhl, in the east on the community of Edertal and the town of Bad Wildungen, in the south on the community of Haina, and in the west on the town of Frankenberg (all in Waldeck-Frankenberg).
Constituent communities.
The town of Frankenau consists of the centres of Allendorf, Altenlotheim, Dainrode, Ellershausen and Louisendorf.
History.
Frankenau and its neighbouring town Frankenberg are believed to have come into being in Frankish times. The area was settled at one time by the Chatti. The actual place Frankenau was built as a border fortification against the Saxons. The town's founding is assumed to have taken place between 500 and 750, with town rights later being granted by Heinrich Raspe, Landgrave of Thuringia, in 1242.
The oldest surviving document about Frankenau was issued on 4 April 1266 and affirms the granting of town rights.
Frankenau was for centuries a poor, little farming town. A particularly heavy fate befell the townsfolk on 22 April 1865 when almost the whole town burnt down in a fire. Through the townsfolk's enormous efforts, the town was built again.
Today, Frankenau is, as an acknowledged resort town, one of Waldeck-Frankenberg's holiday centres and has also been since the early 1970s the main centre of the greater community then formed.
Politics.
Town council.
The town council's 23 seats are apportioned thus, in accordance with municipal elections held on 26 March 2006:
Note: "Freie Bürger" ("Free Citizens") is a citizens' coalition.
Coat of arms.
Frankenau's civic coat of arms might heraldically be described thus: In gules a lion rampant Or armed and langued azure.
Frankenau's oldest known seals date from the mid 16th century and showed the lion of Hesse, with the usual red and silver stripes as seen in Hesse's coat of arms at right, and indeed in many civic coats of arms throughout Hesse. The current colours – including the heraldically unusual blue for a lion's tongue – have been in use since at least 1605.[http://www.ngw.nl/int/dld/f/frankena.htm]
Town partnerships.
The partnership is a three-sided arrangement, with Die and Wirksworth also partnered with each other.
Personalities.
Frankenau is writer and Dadaism cofounder Richard Huelsenbeck's birthplace.

</doc>
<doc id="5896848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896848" title="Ermengard of Italy">
Ermengard of Italy

Ermengard (also "Ermengarda", "Ermengarde", or "Irmingard") was the only surviving daughter of Louis II, Holy Roman Emperor. In 876, she married Boso, from the Bosonid, Count of Vienne, who declared himself King of Provence in 879.
In May 878, she and her husband sheltered Pope John VIII, who was taking refuge from the Saracens, in Arles. After her husband's coup d'état in October 879, she helped defend his cities from her Carolingian relatives. In 880, she successfully defended Vienne itself, the capital, from the combined forces of Charles the Fat and the co-ruling kings of France, Louis III and Carloman. In August 881, the newly crowned Emperor Charles the Fat pillaged and burned Vienne, forcing Ermengard and her children to take refuge in Autun with her brother-in-law Richard, Duke of Burgundy. Meanwhile, Boso fled into Provence.
On Boso's death in January 887, the Provençal barons elected Ermengard to act as his regent, with the support of Richard. In May, Ermengard travelled with her son Louis to the court of Charles the Fat, and received his recognition of the young Louis as king. Charles adopted Louis as his son and put both mother and son under his protection. In May 889, she travelled to Charles' successor, Arnulf, to make submission anew.
Through her marriage to Boso, Ermengard also had two daughters and one son:

</doc>
<doc id="5896851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896851" title="Tapio Mäkelä">
Tapio Mäkelä

Tapio Valfrid Mäkelä (born October 12, 1926) is a former Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1950s.
He was born in Nastola.
He won the 4 x 10 km gold and the 18 km silver at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo.
Mäkelä also won a gold in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1954 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="5896863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896863" title="Promontory Point (Chicago)">
Promontory Point (Chicago)

Promontory Point (known locally as "The Point") is a man-made peninsula jutting into Lake Michigan. It is located in Chicago's Burnham Park. The Point was constructed from landfill and by the late 1930s was protected by a seawall or revetment. The revetment was designed and constructed by Chicago Park District engineers and consists of limestone blocks arranged in a series of four steps leading to a promenade.
Located on Chicago Park District land at 55th Street in Chicago's south side Hyde Park neighborhood, it was opened to the public in 1937. Alfred Caldwell, a disciple of Jens Jensen, designed the landscaping, following the Prairie School which uses native plants and stone. Caldwell's design featured a raised "meadow" section in the center of the peninsula and included hundreds of flowering trees and shrubs. In 1938, Caldwell created stone sitting rings - called "council rings" - around the lakefront edge, which today are used as fire pits. Few of Caldwell's original plantings remain today.
The park is accessed by the Lakefront Trail, and a tunnel which passes under Lake Shore Drive at the east end of 55th Street. At the head of the park, seen immediately upon emerging from the 55th Street tunnel, is the David Wallach Memorial Fountain. This fountain was designed in 1939 by Elizabeth and Frederick Hibbard in the shape of a fawn, with drinking areas at human and animal levels. During the Cold War the park also housed a radar tower for the Nike Hercules missile defense system; it was dismantled in 1971.
The park contains a field house, built in 1937, the exterior of which is made of Lannon Stone from Wisconsin. Partly because of its view of the lake and cityscape, it is a popular wedding and corporate event location. It competes with the much larger Jackson Park 63rd Street Beach House and the even larger South Shore Cultural Center as south side beachfront special use facilities. The frequent summer fireworks displays at Navy Pier are often viewed from The Point, especially on Independence Day, when large numbers of Hyde Parkers and other south side residents gather there. It neighbors the Museum of Science and Industry and the 57th Street Beach.
Water access is an important aspect of the Point's history of use. Swimmers, sunbathers, kayakers, and windsurfers use the Point's revetment to access the waters of Lake Michigan. People have been swimming off of the limestone revetment at Promontory Point since it was built, in 1937. In the summer months, the North side of the Point functions as a "rock beach." The water is shallow and the lake bottom is sand, making the North side a family friendly swimming area. On the both sides of the Point, open water swimmers enter the water off the rocks and swim across the bays. Both North and South side swimming areas are marked with "Swimming Area" buoys in the summer months. In the past, open water, or distance, swimming was a source of conflict with the Chicago Park District as the legality of swimming off the Point is ambiguous. From time to time, swimmers were ticketed. Recently, however, the Chicago Park District created an officially sanctioned open water swimming area off the South side of the Point. All motorized boat traffic is prohibited inside the buoyed areas.
Events.
Though open water swimming continues year-round for the brave and hearty, there are Spring and Fall swimming events, held on weekends near the Summer Solstice and the Autumnal Equinox to celebrate the tradition and community of swimmers at the Point.
The Spring Swim Around the Rocks is held each year on the Sunday following the Summer Solstice. This year's event will be held on June 26, at 1:00pm.
The Fall Swim Around the Rocks is held each year on the Sunday preceding the Autumnal Equinox. This year's event will be on September 18, at 1:00pm.
These events are open and no registration is required. Spectators watch from the shore while swimmers enter the water at the South side ladders and swim around to the North side shallows, completely circumnavigating the Point. The route then reverses back to the ladders (some swimmers complete a half-course).
Short history of the Point Revetment.
Much of Chicago's lakefront is landfill. To protect this lakefront park land, a seawall or revetment was built by the Chicago Park District in the 1930s. This revetment consists of limestone blocks (with an average weight 2 to 4 tons) arranged in a series of “steps” leading down to the lake. These blocks are supported by a crib structure made from wooden timbers that encloses crushed rock. At the outer edge of the revetment, a series of wooden pilings, held together by a steel rail, keep the limestone blocks from tumbling into the lake.
At the Point, the revetment features four steps leading down to a wide promenade. The revetment at the Point is exposed to severe wave action and had partially failed by the early 1960s. A section of the revetment (out of approximately a total length) at the Northeast tip of the Point was repaired by removing the limestone blocks that form the promenade and pouring a pad of of concrete over the badly eroded crib structure. This repair stands today.
By the 1980s, the City and the CPD began a project to repair the revetment along almost all of the city's lakefront. Federal funds were sought from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and a project study was begun. The conclusion of the study, published in the 1993, was that different areas of the revetment needed different treatments. At Promontory Point, a historic preservation treatment was agreed to and signed into public contract, and into law when the Congress approved the project, in a memorandum of agreement. This document states that “the Corps shall consult with the SHPO (state historic preservation officer), the City of Chicago and the Chicago Park District to ensure that the design and construction of the revetment will match the existing in accordance with the recommendations of the Secretary of the Interior's ‘Standards and Guidelines for Archeology and Historic Preservation’.”
As the project moved forward and was finally funded, the ACOE, the City and the CPD changed the design at Promontory Point. The new plan called for the demolition of the historic revetment, and replacement by a monolithic concrete seawall.
In January 2001, the City and CPD held a community meeting to announce their plans for the Point revetment. This started a controversy that has not yet been resolved.
Controversy.
The January 2001 meeting was attended by about 150 users of the Point and members of the Hyde Park community. Residents reacted very negatively to the City/CPD proposal to replace the revetment with a concrete and steel structure. Some felt that the revetment was not really in need of repair and should be left intact. Others felt that the City/CPD plan denied water access so vital to Point Users. Many felt that limestone was a more aesthetically pleasing material and should be used. The proposal clearly violated the Memorandum of Agreement signed by the City and the ACOE in 1983, which promised the preservation of the historic limestone revetment - a structure which the Chicago Park District itself nominated for listing on the National Register of Historic Places. At the end of this meeting, Alderman Leslie Hairston (5th) announced that she would form a working group of community members to meet with the City in an attempt to change the plan.
In the months that followed, this volunteer group, which Alderman Hairston called The Community Task Force for Promontory Point met and elected officers, called the Executive Committee. This Executive Committee met privately with the CPD, the City, and the ACOE. The result of these meetings was that the Executive Committee agreed to nine largely symbolic concessions that modified the CPD's new proposal. Included in these nine points were limited water access, limitations on the height and width of the concrete revetment, and a staged construction plan that would keep some part of the Point open for use during the two-year construction. The plan still mandated the destruction of the historic limestone revetment, to be replaced with a uniform concrete seawall. When the Executive Committee presented their agreement to the Community Task Force, it was rejected and the Task Force voted to not ratify the agreement. In protest against the Executive Committee operating without consultation with the Task Force members, the Task Force then immediately elected four new members of the Executive Committee. The original Executive Committee members then quit the group in protest. The nine-point agreement was rejected by the Task Force as without substantial compromise.
Following the departure of the four original Executive Committee members, the Task Force became more open and democratic, the membership grew, and the Task Force gained real leverage with the CPD.
Over the next several years, the Task Force worked with the City, the CPD, and the ACOE to preserve the limestone revetment, maintain access to the water, and perform restoration work, to include the thoughtful addition of access features (stairs and ramps). The effort was aided by Congressman Jesse Jackson Jr. and then-Senator Barack Obama. The current status of the effort is that all parties agreed to a new ACOE study on the preservation of the Point, to be performed under the direction of the Army Corps office of historic preservation.
The Task Force used may activities to engage as much of the community of Promontory Point park users as possible. They promoted the effort with newsletters, letters in newspapers, meetings, presentations, t-shirts, and bumper stickers, to name a few. Bumper stickers can be seen on many vehicles (including automobiles, bikes and skateboards) in the city reading "Save the Point." 
According to an August 2006 statement by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, in response to issues raised most recently in a March 2006 meeting of the Corps, the City of Chicago, the Community Task Force, The National Trust for Historic Preservation, The Landmarks Preservation Council of Illinois, Preservation Chicago, the Hyde Park Historical Society, the Office of U. S. Congressman Jesse Jackson, Jr. and the Office of U. S. Senator Barack Obama, preservation work will adhere to the following concerns of those in attendance and those of the Chicago Park District Lakefront Construction Director:
Promontory Point has been named by the Landmarks Preservation Council of Illinois to the 2004 List of 10 Most Endangered Historic Places In Illinois after being named to their 2002-3 Chicagoland Watch List. As of November 2006, they list it as "still threatened".

</doc>
<doc id="5896865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896865" title="Franzburg">
Franzburg

Franzburg () is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is situated 20 km southwest of Stralsund. Before the Protestant Reformation, later Franzburg was the site of Neuenkamp Abbey.
Neuenkamp Abbey.
In the course of the medieval conversion of Pomerania and German Ostsiedlung, prince Wizlaw I granted the central parts of the woods covering the mainland section of his Principality of Rügen, then Danish, to Cistercian monks from Camp Abbey in Lower Saxony who build Neuenkamp Abbey on 8 November 1231. The monks erected a church that, with a length of 80 meters, a width of 15 meters, and an arch height of 25 meters, was then the largest church in all Pomerania. The possessions of the abbey rapidly increased, 50 years after its foundation the abbey's territory reached the coast. The woods were cleared, and numerous villages of the "Hagenhufendorf" type were set up and populated with German settlers. In 1325, the last prince of Rügen died without an issue, and Neuenkamp with the rest of the principality was inherited by the dukes of Pomerania. The abbey prospered until it was secularized in 1535, following the Protestant Reformation and the adaoption of Lutheranism by the Pomeranian nobility in 1534.
Franzburg.
Following the secularization, the new owner, duke Bogislaw XIII, rebuilt the abbey as his ducal palace, and turned the former abbey's yards into a town. He modeled the new town after the Republic of Venice, envisioning a town holding a population of nobles, craftsmen, merchants and artists, that was to compete with neighboring Hanseatic Stralsund. As a consequence of these ambitions, he granted the new town no surrounding land, for he did not like the idea of inhabitants doing in agriculture. Rather, he concentrated weavers in the town and had a mint built. He named the town after his father-in-law, Francis of Brunswick-Lüneburg. The abbey's church was torn down in 1561, only the southernmost extremity was left and still stands today. When Bogislaw however inherited Stettin in 1603, he lost interest in his Franzburg ambitions, and the town never grew to the envisioned size and status. 
The beginning of the Thirty Years' War in the Duchy of Pomerania was marked by the Capitulation of Franzburg, which provided for the occupation of the duchy by Albrecht von Wallenstein's mercenary army. In the following, the town was devastated completely. Franzburg lost its weaveries and the mint. Only a century later, in 1728, Franzburg was resettled. 
However, it remained the seat of administration of the surrounding Kreis Franzburg(-Barth), basically the mainland part of the former principality of Rügen, until the seat was moved to Barth after World War I. 
Today, Franzburg is a municipality in Kreis Vorpommern-Rügen.

</doc>
<doc id="5896872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896872" title="North Carolina Highway 226A">
North Carolina Highway 226A

North Carolina Highway 226A (NC 226A) is an alternate state highway in the U.S. state of North Carolina. Signed at two sections along North Carolina Highway 226 for two separate purposes: The first connecting the community of Little Switzerland; the second as a bypass west of Bakersville. It is also distinctive as being the only alternate state route in North Carolina, designated with an "A" at the end of the number.
Route description.
The first section, a two-lane mountain highway also known as the Diamondback by motorcycle enthusiasts, begins near Woodlawn, from US 221. Once on the NC 226A, the first sign is a notice to truckers indicating steep winding road ahead, trucks not recommended. For the first , it marginally increases in elevation, yet curvy, as it follows westerly along the banks of the Armstrong Creek then Three Mile Creek. At Holifield Cemetery (on right), NC 226A begins to quickly climb in elevation with an sensational amount of curves, as it climbs Grassy Mountain. Reaching Chestnut Grove Road, in Little Switzerland, the worst of the climb and curves is over, rising over from its start. Heading east now, NC 226A meets back with NC 226 at Gillespie Gap, just from the Mitchell County line and the Blue Ridge Parkway.
The second section, a two-lane mountain highway, begins just north of Ledger, and goes northwest bypassing Bakersville. At half-way, it connects with NC 80, which heads south towards Micaville. After , it reconnects with NC 226 at Loafers Glory. The road is not nearly as curvy as its first section, but has a posted speed limit of on its more curvy eastern half.
History.
The road was originally built by Little Switzerland as a toll road from the Carolina, Clinchfield, and Ohio Railroad train station to the development. It was called Etchoe (pronounced Et-cho) Pass Road. The tolls were quickly lifted although the booths are still visible.
In 1928, the road which NC 226A now follows used to be signed as NC 19. Around 1932, US 221 joined the NC 19 route from NC 28, north to the town of Spruce Pine. By 1934, US 221 was routed to the south and NC 19 was renumbered as NC 26. In the late 1940s, following World War II, a faster NC 26 route through the mountains was constructed; the old route was given the designation NC 26A. When Interstate 26 was routed through North Carolina in 1961, NC 26 was renumbered as NC 226 to avoid confusion with the Interstate Highway. NC 26A followed the trend of its parent state route and became the NC 226A known today.
Sometime after 2001, a second NC 226A was established as a western bypass of Bakersville. The eastern half was an upgrade to SR 1191 (Mine Creek Road) and the western half was a renumbering of NC 80, which truncated it at NC 226A.

</doc>
<doc id="5896873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896873" title="Majorna">
Majorna

"This article is about the borough in Gothenburg. For the district in Gothenburg with the same, see Majorna (district)."
Majorna was until 2011 one of the 21 boroughs of Gothenburg Municipality. Since 2011 it is joined with the former borough of Linnéstaden and they do together form the new borough of "Majorna-Linné". 
It was composed of four districts:

</doc>
<doc id="5896878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896878" title="Eugène Boch">
Eugène Boch

Eugène Boch (1 September 1855 – 3 January 1941) was a Belgian painter, born in Saint-Waast, Nord, Hainaut, and the younger brother of Anna Boch, a founding member of Les XX.
Born into the 5th generation of the Boch family, a wealthy dynasty of manufacturers of fine china and ceramics, still active today under the firm of Villeroy & Boch, Eugène Boch enrolled in the private atelier of Léon Bonnat in Paris, in 1879. From 1882, when Bonnat closed his atelier, he studied at the atelier of Fernand Cormon. Paintings of his were admitted to the Salon in 1882, 1883 and 1885.
In 1888, he was introduced by Dodge MacKnight to Vincent van Gogh.
In 1892 he settled in Monthyon (Seine-and-Marne), not far from Paris. In 1909, he married Anne-Marie Léonie Crusfond (?-1933), in 1910 they moved to their recently erected chalet "La Grimpette", where both lived until their death.
Like his sister Anna Boch, Eugène supported artists of talent, but without money, including Émile Bernard, whom he met at the Atelier Cormon, and Paul Gauguin. Or he exchanged works, as with van Gogh. Thus little by little, an important collection of contemporary art came together.
Besides his own portrait Eugène Boch owned a second van Gogh painting.
Like his sister Anna, Eugène Boch spent a large part of the funds, which they owed to their father's,
Victor Boch, business success, on promoting other artists. They bought pictures from virtually all leading contemporaries of their time, the majority of whom were also their friends.
Upon Eugène Boch's death in 1941, he bequeathed "The Poet" – that is Van Gogh's title for his portrait of Eugène Boch, which Boch received from Johanna van Gogh-Bonger in accordance to the last will of Vincent and Theo – to the Louvre. Today the painting can be seen in the Paris Musee d'Orsay.
Part of his collection was bought by his great nephew Luitwin von Boch with the idea to make a Museum on Anna and Eugene Boch.
References.
Berko, Patrick & Viviane (1981), "Dictionary of Belgian painters born between 1750 & 1875", Knokke 1981, p. 51.

</doc>
<doc id="5896879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896879" title="James Duff">
James Duff

James Duff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5896906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896906" title="Bob Davies (businessman)">
Bob Davies (businessman)

Robert J. Davies (born October 12, 1948) was the chief executive of Arriva PLC from 1998 to 2006.
Education.
Davies attended King Edward VII School (photo) in Sheffield before graduating with a law degree from Edinburgh University.
He is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants and holds an honorary doctorate (LLD) from the University of Sunderland.
Professional interests.
Chairman of the Board of Governors at Sunderland University; Chairman of the CBI North East Region
Family.
He is married to Eileen and together they have one son.

</doc>
<doc id="5896916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896916" title="Bili">
Bili

Bili may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5896918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896918" title="Contemporary Art Institute of Detroit">
Contemporary Art Institute of Detroit

The Contemporary Art Institute of Detroit or CAID is a community based non-profit organization. CAID fosters and promotes the link between contemporary arts and contemporary society through exhibitions, performances, critical and public discourse and the funding of contemporary arts and art related activities.
History.
CAID was founded in 1978 by a group of Detroit area artists, including Charles McGee and Jean Heilbrunn[http://www.metrotimes.com/editorial/story.asp?id=8694]. In the years since its inception, CAID has existed in several different forms, and has generated many events that have directly supported the arts in Detroit.
In 1980, CAID sponsored "Exhibition Sites 1, 2, and 3". This show included performance, conceptual and video art at Hart Plaza during the Republican Convention. In 1984, CAID crossed the border to work with Artcite in Windsor. In both 1984 and 1985, CAID sponsored "A Road Show", an exhibition that toured a number of Michigan cities, as well as Chicago. A four part lecture series was held at the Detroit Institute of Art in 1989, and again in 1991. In that same year area artists were invited to create art for the "Art Time Capsule", buried in Harmonie Park, as well as a plethora of other visual, musical and performance art events throughout the past 26 years.
After little activity during the mid to late 1990s, CAID re-emerged on the Detroit art community in the fall of 2002 with the four-part series "LINK". "LINK" included an exhibition of Detroit-based artists at the Detroit Contemporary gallery, a symposium on Detroit music at Wayne State University, an electronic-music party called "Frequency" at the Detroit Contemporary, and "Motor City Breakdown", a live-music show at the Magic Stick[http://www.metrotimes.com/editorial/story.asp?id=4326].
In the winter of 2004, CAID presented "unCAGEd: the exploration of non-intention", a mixed-medium event based on the theories of John Cage, presented in collaboration with Ann Arbor's University Musical Society in celebration of a performance by New York's Merce Cunningham Dance Company. "unCAGEd" featured a varied group of Detroit and Ann Arbor-based exploratory artists, musicians and performers working/playing in the Cage frame of chance, reflecting the pure energy felt in Cunningham's guided improvisation.
In November 2004, after 25 years of nomadic existence, CAID took up residence at 5141 Rosa Parks Boulevard, in the space formerly occupied by the Detroit Contemporary[http://www.thedetroiter.com/nov04/caid.html]. The newly remodeled gallery serves as an exhibition and performance space, along with the administrative offices for the organization.
Funk Night Raid.
Early Saturday morning, May 31, 2008, a Detroit police SWAT team raided the museum during its monthly Funk Night, forced more than 130 people to the ground at gunpoint citing "after-hours dancing and drinking" without proper permits [http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2013/08/12/130812fa_fact_stillman?currentPage=10
charged 116 people with loitering and impounded 44 cars The raid was later ruled unconstitutional by a United States District Court in a lawsuit by the ACLU [http://www.aclumich.org/CAID[http://www.aclu.org/criminal-law-reform/federal-judge-rules-caid-raid-arrests-and-car-seizures-unconstitutional].

</doc>
<doc id="5896923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896923" title="Frauenstein, Saxony">
Frauenstein, Saxony

Frauenstein is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated in the eastern Ore Mountains, southeast of Freiberg, and southwest of Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="5896928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896928" title="Jackson Burns">
Jackson Burns

Jackson Burns (born July 29, 1956) is an American stunt performer, stunt coordinator, writer, and actor.
Biography.
Burns was born on July 29, 1956 in Poteau, Oklahoma. He is only child of Luther Jackson Burns and Ermaline Delora Lockhart. Burns is of Native American ancestry. Born in an economically depressed region, known to be the poorest in the state of Oklahoma (Little Dixie). His father is of French, Scot-Irish and Cherokee heritage. His mother is of English, Scot, Irish and Choctaw heritage. His father Luther, quit school in 6th grade to help work and take care of his sharecropper parents (also of very limited education) and his siblings. His mother Delora finished high school. Jackson finished high school and graduated in the Class of 1974, Heavener High School, Heavener, Oklahoma. Jackson also attended Northeastern State University at Tahlequah, Oklahoma for a brief period. Jackson has said that never finishing his education is what has been his most damaging point in his life.
Known as Action Jackson for his work in the stunt industry, Burns runs his stunt and special effects company Action Jackson Stunts, based in Houston, Texas
He has worked on "Walker, Texas Ranger"; "The Con"; and "Fingerprints". His fire drag stunt from a vehicle at 246 feet totally engulfed Burns in flames at one point and damaged his Nomex fire suit ; Burns took 22 squib hits at once, 22 total in 15 seconds; and as stunt double for George Kennedy on the motion picture "The Man Who Came Back", was dragged from the back of a horse for a total distance of 282 feet. Jackson, was hit by a car at 17 mph as stunt double for James Gandolfini on the motion picture "Dance with the Devil". This is considerably faster than normal stunt car hits and Burns broke the windshield, flew over the top of the car and rolled off of the back, without a scratch. He later performed a car hit for the same actor and movie, of which he launched himself from an 18 wheel truck into the windshied of a passing pickup truck and then rolled to the ground. Gandolfini is said to have based his stuntman character in "Get Shorty" on Jackson.
Burns has worked in many fields including lumberjack, pipeliner, heavy equipment operator, hydrostatic tester, private investigator, Olan Mills portrait photographer, karate instructor, motorcycle racer, door installer, salesman and amusement park supervisor until he broke into the movie stunt business.
His work on movies and television has won much acclaim and many awards and Burns is now working on a longtime passion through a character that he is developing for a television project called The Redneck Archaeologist. In this character Burns travels the world finding unknown historical and archaeological sites and artifacts. He now has a heavily watched YouTube Channel that he is getting attention with.
His work as a community activist and precinct chair has been recognized by the Mayor Bill White of Houston, his work on elections was recognized by a resolution in his name issued by Harris County Commissioners Court.
Married to the Mexican actress/model Nelly Castrejon, they have one son and now live in Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="5896936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896936" title="HM Prison Cornton Vale">
HM Prison Cornton Vale

Cornton Vale is a women's prison in Stirling, operated by the Scottish Prison Service. Built in 1975, Cornton Vale comprises a total of 217 cells in its 5 houses. It took only convicted women and girls from 1975 until 1978. In 1978 Parliament passed the necessary legislation to allow females to be held there on remand. Lady Martha Bruce was the first governor. Cornton Vale now houses almost all female adults and young offenders in Scotland. In April 1999, the separation of adults and young offenders was attained. And in the last 2 years, a systematic renovation and upgrading of all 5 houses has been carried out.
Description.
Before 1939, the site belonged to a Church of Scotland labour colony. Opened in 1907, the colony provided a home and training in market gardening for habitual inebriates and others - all male - sent by the Church or by their families. After the First World War, it took in unemployed men, mainly veterans at first. From 1926 to 1931, it received public funds under the Empire Settlement Act, and most of the trainees were helped to emigrate to the Dominions. It continued to train unemployed young men until the Second World War, but was sold off subsequently and re-opened as a male Borstal in 1946. Labour colonies of this kind were quite common in Britain before 1939.
It is now Scotland's only all-female establishment and so nearly all female prisoners and young offenders in Scotland are housed here. The complex provides 230 places for women prisoners in five blocks. Four of these blocks (or houses) have 178 places and are sub-divided into six or seven-room units each with its own dining/sitting room, and almost all have a common kitchen or servery. One of these blocks is containing 27 places is currently being renovated to provide a dedicated Young Offender facility. Prisoners have access at night to sanitary facilities.
Criticism.
It has been criticised for overcrowding, with 353 inmates being held there in November 2005 and the high number of suicides which have taken place there. Eleven women killed themselves while serving sentences at Corton Vale between 1997 and 2002. In 2010, Brigadier Hugh Munro declared the prison in a "state of crisis", citing overcrowding, two-hour waits for the toilet, cold meals, lack of activities and a deep problem of prisoner boredom which was impeding rehabilitation. 
In 2006, 98% of the inmates had addiction issues; 80% had problems with mental health and 75% were survivors of abuse. It also holds children, in particular the babies of inmates who are imprisoned alongside their mothers and teenagers where there is no suitable accommodation available in young offenders institutions.
In 2006 it was announced that the practice of "double cuffing" all inmates who are in labour to a custody officer until second stage labour and immediately re-handcuffed after giving birth, had ended.
Further reading.
Maguire, Maureen, "Uncomfortably Numb. A Prison Requiem," (Luath Press, 2001) ISBN 1-84282-001-X A factual documentation of suicides in Cornton Vale Prison.
John Field, "Learning Through Labour: Training, unemployment and the state, 1890-1920", 1992, University of Leeds, ISBN 0-900960-48-5 

</doc>
<doc id="5896950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896950" title="Llangollen Market">
Llangollen Market

Llangollen Market is a song from early 19th century Wales.
The song tells the tale of a young man from the Llangollen area going off to war and leaving behind his broken-hearted girlfriend. Originally written in English, the song has been translated into Welsh and recorded by several artists such as Siân James, Siobhan Owen, Calennig and Siwsann George.

</doc>
<doc id="5896953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896953" title="Gloss (comics)">
Gloss (comics)

Gloss is a fictional superhero published by DC Comics. She first appeared in "Millennium" #2 (January 1988), and was created by Steve Engelhart and Joe Staton.
Fictional character biography.
The creators of the Green Lantern Corps, the Guardians, had planned to create their successors, a race of new Guardians on Earth, so one of their number met a female alien called a Zamaron. The two channeled their powers into the "Millennium Project," gathering ten individuals together, teaching them about the nature of the cosmos, and endowing them with immortality and metahuman powers. One of these was a young woman from China named Xiang Po, to whom the Guardians gave the power to draw energy from the Earth's "Dragon Lines" (or ley lines). She became Gloss (and a redhead), and joined the other heroes the Guardians had made in the team named the New Guardians. When the then powerless Guy Gardner comes to the team's island home in order to take over, she becomes so disgusted with his crass ways she ends up throwing him far into the ocean.
Gloss was originally on a mission to pass on her enhanced DNA to her offspring, and was seeking a suitable mate, but she abandoned her quest when the team disbanded.
Gloss is briefly seen in issue number 50 of the maxi-series "52". Gloss, along with other superpowered beings including Manticore and Tasmanian Devil, are seen knocked down after a battle with the rage maddened Black Adam.
One Year Later.
In the events of One Year Later, Gloss is now a Global Guardian, and follows her former teammate Jet, who is now team leader.
She is killed by Prometheus, who slew her along with several of her fellow Global Guardians.

</doc>
<doc id="5896955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896955" title="Ralf Souquet">
Ralf Souquet

Ralf Souquet (pronounced "soo-kay") (born 29 November 1968 in Eschweiler, Germany) is a German professional pool player. His nickname is "The Kaiser". Since 1981, he has won more than 250 tournament titles, including 41 German Championship titles and 34 European Championship titles. 
He began playing billiards at the age of six in his parents' pub, practicing up to five hours per day. He won his first German Championship title at the age of fourteen in the juniors division. In 1985, Souquet co-won his first European Championship team title with the National Team, and in 1986 won his first individual title at the European Championship (juniors division). In 1997, he received the "Silberne Lorbeerblatt" (Silver Laurel Leaf), the highest official distinction awarded to sportspeople by Germany, which was presented to him by German President Roman Herzog. 
In 1996, Souquet won the WPA World Nine-ball Championship where triumph over Tom Storm of Sweden. He also reached the finals of the same event in 2001 and 2006, only to be bested by Mika Immonen and Ronato Alcano.
Souquet also won the US Open Nine-ball Championship in 2002 by defeating Alex Pagulayan who would also win the event in the next three years.
In 2008, Souquet won his second world title at the WPA World Eight-ball Championship with a victory over Ronato Alcano (Alcano was also a winner of this event). Souquet won the $ 60,000 championship prize, with 13-9 final score.

</doc>
<doc id="5896976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896976" title="Kedah Sultanate">
Kedah Sultanate

The Sultanate of Kedah was the earliest sultanate on the Malay Peninsula and one of the oldest Sultanates in the world, founded in 1136.
Kedah Kingdom.
Kedah Kingdom (630-1136) was founded by Maharaja Derbar Raja of Gemeron around 630 CE and the Hindu dynasty ended when Phra Ong Mahawangsa converted to Islam.
History.
Around 170 CE a group of native refugees of Hindu faith arrived at Kedah, joining them soon were peoples from nearby islands and from the northern Mon-Khmer region. Ancient Kedah covered the areas of Kuala Bahang, Kuala Bara, Kuala Pila and Merpah, and the inhabitants of Kedah appointed Tun Derma Dewa and Tun Perkasa as their village chiefs.
The king from Gemeron.
In 630 CE, Maharaja Derbar Raja of Gemeron (now known as Bandar Abbas) in Persia was defeated in battle and escaped to Sri Lanka, and he was later blown off course by a storm to the remote shores of Kuala Sungai Qilah, Kedah. The inhabitants of Kedah found him to be a valiant and intelligent person, and they made him the king of Kedah. In 634 CE, a new kingdom was formed in Kedah consisting of Persian royalty and native Malay of Hindu faith, the capital was Langkasuka.
Conversion to Islam.
In the late 11th century, after the Chola military left Kadaram, the 9th Hindu rajah, Dubar Raja II, renounced Hinduism and converted to Islam, which was introduced by Muslims from neighbouring Aceh, he also changed his name to Sultan Mudzafar Shah. He ruled the northern region of Malay Peninsula from 1136 to 1179. According to the "Kedah Annals", the first king of Kedah was Maharaja Derbar Raja I, a fleeing king from Gameron in Persia.
List of rulers.
According to tradition, the founding of the Kedah kingdom (or "Kadaram") occurred around 630 CE, replacing the ancient kingdom of Langkasuka. It is said to have been founded by Durbaraja I, a Hindu who originated from Gemeron in Persia. The Hindu dynasty ended when the ninth king Durbaraja II, styled "Phra Ong Mahawangsa" by the Siamese, converted to Islam in 1136.
Hindu era.
The following is a list of kings of Kadaram, nine in total. Each used the Hindu title of "maharaja". The exact dates of each king's reign are not known.
Islamic era.
The beginning of the use of the title "sultan" in Kedah is attributed to a visit by a Muslim scholar from Yemen, Sheikh Abdullah bin Ja'afar Quamiri, to Durbaraja II's palace at Bukit Mariam in 1136. The audience resulted in the king's conversion to Islam. He adopted the name "Mudzafar Shah" and established the sultanate of Kedah, which continues to rule today.
Culture.
Nobat.
The Nobat musical instruments of Nagara and Nepiri were introduced to Kedah by Maharaja Derbar Raja. The instrument is also called semambu. The band is led by the king, and it consists of drums, a gong, a flute and a trumpet. Today, Nobat is a Royal orchestra, played only during royal ceremonies such as inaugurations, weddings, and funerals. The building which houses the instruments and where the ensemble rehearses is known as the Balai Nobat, literally the Office of Nobat.

</doc>
<doc id="5896987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896987" title="Dyffryn Clydach">
Dyffryn Clydach

Dyffryn Clydach is a community of Neath Port Talbot county borough, Wales. It is coterminous with the Dyffryn electoral ward. 
Description.
Located in an area of South Wales between Neath and Swansea, Dyffryn Clydach has its own community council, made up of thirteen councillors. Dyffryn Clydach includes the residential communities of Cwrt Herbert, Dyffryn, Highlands, Longford, Neath Abbey, and Penshannel.
Although covering only , the area is packed with history, including the ruins of Neath Abbey. The current Tesco store is believed to occupy the site of an 11th-century castle.
The more central and northerly parts of the ward are mostly rural, consisting of picturesque farmland and woodland encircling the western base of Mount Drummau. The Clydach Brook flows through Dyffryn Clydach in a north to south direction, passing Neath Abbey. The woodland surrounding the river forms a public park.
Amenities.
There is a business park to the south of the community area with a junction onto the A465 trunk road which, heading east, joins the M4 Motorway at Junction 43, less than five minutes away. There are three local schools: Neath Abbey infant and Early Years School, Mynachlog Nedd Juniors, and Dwr Y Felin Lower School.
Near the business park are located the ruins of the Cistercian monastery of Mynachlog Nedd, the Tennant Canal, and Neath Abbey Ironworks. There is much woodland in the area with footpaths maintained by the community council. 
Longford Memorial Hall is a recently refurbished community centre and village hall and has two committee rooms. There is also a community centre at Cwrt Herbert.
Dyffryn electoral ward.
The Dyffryn electoral ward comprises some or all of the following areas: Bryncoch, Cwrt Herbert, Longford, Neath Abbey, Darran Wood, Rhydhir, and Stanley Wood in the parliamentary constituency of Neath. 
Dyffryn is bounded to the north by Allt-Wen ward; to the east by Bryncoch North and Bryncoch South; to the south by Neath East; to the southwest by Coedffranc North and Coedffranc Central; and to the west by the wards of Llansamlet and Clydach (both in Swansea).
Voter turnout in the local council elections of 2012 was 44.1%. The results were:

</doc>
<doc id="5896996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896996" title="Freystadt">
Freystadt

Freystadt is a town in the district of Neumarkt in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated near the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal, 14 km southwest of Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz, and 33 km southeast of Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="5896999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5896999" title="National Insurance Crime Bureau">
National Insurance Crime Bureau

The National Insurance Crime Bureau (NICB) is a North American non-profit membership organization located in Des Plaines, Illinois. It was created by the insurance industry to address insurance-related crime and works closely with law enforcement agencies. Much of NICB's focus is on motor vehicle theft. Membership is limited to insurance companies and the self-insured.

</doc>
<doc id="5897004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897004" title="We Gather Together">
We Gather Together

"We Gather Together" is a Christian hymn of Dutch origin written in 1597 by Adrianus Valerius as "Wilt heden nu treden" to celebrate the Dutch victory over Spanish forces in the Battle of Turnhout. It was originally set to a Dutch folk tune. In the United States, it is popularly associated with Thanksgiving Day and is often sung at family meals and at religious services on that day.
History.
At the time the hymn was written, the Dutch were engaged in a war of national liberation against the Catholic King Philip II of Spain. "Wilt heden nu treden," "We gather together" resonated because under the Spanish King, Dutch Protestants were forbidden to gather for worship. The hymn first appeared in print in a 1626 collection of Dutch patriotic songs, "Nederlandtsch Gedencklanck."
The hymn is customarily performed to a tune known as "Kremser", from Eduard Kremser's 1877 score arrangement and lyric translation of Wilt Heden Nu Treden into Latin and German. The modern English text was written by Theodore Baker in 1894.
According to the Hymn Society in the United States and Canada, "We Gather Together's" first appearance in an American hymnal was in 1903. It had retained popularity among the Dutch, and when the Dutch Reformed Church in North America decided in 1937 to abandon the policy that they had brought with them to the New World in the 17th century of singing only psalms and add hymns to the church service, "We Gather Together" was chosen as the first hymn in the first hymnal.
The hymn steadily gained popularity, especially in services of Thanksgiving on such occasions as town and college centennial celebrations. According to Carl Daw, executive director of the Hymn Society, the "big break" came in 1935 when it was included in the national hymnal of the Methodist-Episcopal Church.
According to Michael Hawn, professor of sacred music at Southern Methodist University's Perkins School of Theology, "by World War I, we started to see ourselves in this hymn," and the popularity increased during World War II, when "the wicked oppressing" were understood to include Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan.
This hymn is often sung at American churches the day before Thanksgiving.
This hymn was sung at the Opening of the Funeral Mass for Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
This hymn was referenced in the second season, episode 8 "Shibboleth" of The West Wing.
Lyrics.
Note that the English lyrics do not translate the Dutch. The Dutch third stanza is in the republishing 1871 only in the footnote on page 41, not in the sheet, because it was not good enough. Therefore it is not in all lyrics.
<poem style="float:left; margin-right:1em;">
1
2
3
4
</poem>
<poem lang="nl" style="float:left; margin-right:2em; background-color:#FFFAFA;">
Valerius, 1626
"Dutch original"
Wilt heden nu treden voor God den Heere,
Hem boven al loven van herten seer,
End' maken groot zijns lieven namens eere,
Die daar nu onsen vijan slaat terneer.
Ter eeren ons Heeren wilt al u dagen
Dit wonder bijzonder gedencken toch;
Maekt u, o mensch, voor God steets wel te dragen,
Doet ieder recht en wacht u voor bedrog.
D'arglosen, den boosen om yet te vinden,
Loopt driesschen, en briesschen gelyck een leeu,
Soeckende wie hy wreedelyck verslinden,
Of geven mocht een doodelycke preeu.
Bidt, waket end' maket dat g'in bekoring,
End' 't quade met schade toch niet en valt.
U vroomheyt brengt den vijant tot verstoring,
Al waer sijn rijck nog eens so sterck bewalt.
</poem>
<poem style="float:left; margin-right:2em; background-color:#FFFFF0;">
Theodore Baker, 1894
We gather together to ask the Lord’s blessing;
He chastens and hastens His will to make known.
The wicked oppressing now cease from distressing.
Sing praises to His Name; He forgets not His own.
Beside us to guide us, our God with us joining,
Ordaining, maintaining His kingdom divine;
So from the beginning the fight we were winning;
Thou, Lord, were at our side, all glory be Thine!
We all do extol Thee, Thou Leader triumphant,
And pray that Thou still our Defender will be.
Let Thy congregation escape tribulation;
Thy Name be ever praised! O Lord, make us free!
</poem>
<poem style="float:left; margin-right:2em; background-color:#FFFFF0;">
Julia Bulkley Cady (1882–1963), 1902
We praise thee, O God, our Redeemer, Creator,
In grateful devotion our tribute we bring.
We lay it before thee, we kneel and adore thee,
We bless thy holy name, glad praises we sing.
We worship thee, God of our fathers, we bless thee;
"[... complete 3 stanza]"
</poem>
<poem style="float:left; margin-right:2em; background-color:#FFFFF0;">
Herman Brueckner (1866–1942), 1918?
"Translation of Joseph Weyl, 1877"
We gather to worship Jehovah, the righteous,
Who verily sitteth in Judgment severe;
The good by the evil shall not overpowered,
The Lord will prevent it, our prayer He will hear.
Amid the great conflict He ever stood by us, 
"[... complete 3 stanza] (There are also mixed versions with Baker)"
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="5897007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897007" title="Protection of Trading Interests Act 1980">
Protection of Trading Interests Act 1980

The Protection of Trading Interests Act 1980 was a piece of legislation passed by the British Parliament to counter American assertions of extraterritorial jurisdiction.
The Act gives the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry the authority to "give to any person in the United Kingdom who carries on business there such directions for prohibiting compliance" with laws of a foreign state which control or regulate international trade in a way which damages British trading interests.
The Act also prohibited British corporations from giving documentation to a potentially hostile foreign interest and empowered British courts to seize the assets of any overseas power which impounded assets of British corporations.
The Act restricts the enforceability of judgments for multiple damages. Section 5 provides that British courts will not enforce a judgment for "an amount arrived at by doubling, trebling or otherwise multiplying a sum assessed as compensation".

</doc>
<doc id="5897010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897010" title="The Very Best of The Stranglers">
The Very Best of The Stranglers

The Very Best of The Stranglers is a greatest hits album, from The Stranglers, released on 12 June 2006. The album includes 21 of their biggest hits, including the smash hits "No More Heroes", "Peaches", "Golden Brown" and "Duchess".

</doc>
<doc id="5897022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897022" title="Shaver Lake Railroad">
Shaver Lake Railroad

The Shaver Lake Railroad was a standard gauge logging railroad that operated in the Sierra Nevada of Fresno County, California. The line was abandoned in 1927.
History.
The Shaver Lake Railroad traces its beginnings to October 31, 1891, when the Fresno Flume and Irrigation Company was incorporated to build of track from the lumber mill at Shaver to the forest timber. 
In 1907, Southern California Edison bought the holdings of the Fresno Flume & Irrigation Co. and named the railroad the Shaver Lake Railroad. Trackage was extended from a connection with the San Joaquin and Eastern Railroad at Dawn to Shaver. On September 8, 1908, SCE reincorporated the holdings under the name of Fresno Flume and Lumber Company (also known as the Fresno Lumber and Irrigation Company). 
In 1919 the Shaver Lake Railroad was sold to Shaver Lake Lumber Company and the track was extended six miles south of Shaver into the forest. The railroad was abandoned in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="5897023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897023" title="Cherokee County Electric Cooperative">
Cherokee County Electric Cooperative

Cherokee County Electric Cooperative Association is a non-profit rural electric utility cooperative headquartered in Rusk, Texas.
The Cooperative was organized in 1939.
The Cooperative serves portions of four counties in the state of Texas, in a territory generally surrounding Rusk.
Currently (as of July 2006) the Cooperative has over 1,900 miles of line and over 17,000 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="5897024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897024" title="Freyung, Bavaria">
Freyung, Bavaria

Freyung is a town in Bavaria, Germany, capital of the Freyung-Grafenau district. It is situated in the Bavarian Forest, 27 km north of Passau.

</doc>
<doc id="5897031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897031" title="Elementary matrix">
Elementary matrix

In mathematics, an elementary matrix is a matrix which differs from the identity matrix by one single elementary row operation. The elementary matrices generate the general linear group of invertible matrices. Left multiplication (pre-multiplication) by an elementary matrix represents elementary row operations, while right multiplication (post-multiplication) represents elementary column operations. The acronym "ERO" is commonly used for "elementary row operations".
Elementary row operations are used in Gaussian elimination to reduce a matrix to row echelon form. They are also used in Gauss-Jordan elimination to further reduce the matrix to reduced row echelon form.
Operations.
There are three types of elementary matrices, which correspond to three types of row operations (respectively, column operations):
If "E" is an elementary matrix, as described below, to apply the elementary row operation to a matrix "A", one multiplies the elementary matrix on the left, "E⋅A". The elementary matrix for any row operation is obtained by executing the operation on the identity matrix.
Row-switching transformations.
The first type of row operation on a matrix "A" switches all matrix elements on row "i" with their counterparts on row "j". The corresponding elementary matrix is obtained by swapping row "i" and row "j" of the identity matrix. 
Row-multiplying transformations.
The next type of row operation on a matrix "A" multiplies all elements on row "i" by "m" where "m" is a non-zero scalar (usually a real number). The corresponding elementary matrix is a diagonal matrix, with diagonal entries 1 everywhere except in the "i"th position, where it is "m".
Row-addition transformations.
The final type of row operation on a matrix "A" adds row "j" multiplied by a scalar "m" to row "i". The corresponding elementary matrix is the identity matrix but with an "m" in the ("i,j") position.

</doc>
<doc id="5897035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897035" title="Gunnar Larsson (cross-country skier)">
Gunnar Larsson (cross-country skier)

Gunnar Larsson (born July 1, 1944 in Järna, Vansbro) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the 1960s. He won the 4 x 10 km silver and the 15 km bronze at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble.

</doc>
<doc id="5897040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897040" title="Charles Bruce">
Charles Bruce

Charles Bruce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5897048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897048" title="Virginia valeriae">
Virginia valeriae

Virginia valeriae, commonly knowm as the smooth earth snake, is a species of nonvenomous natricine colubrid snake native to the eastern half of the United States.
Etymology.
The specific name or epithet, "valeriae", is in honor of Valeria Biddle Blaney, who collected the first specimen in Kent County, Maryland, and was a first cousin of Spencer Fullerton Baird.
Geographic range.
It is found from Texas and Iowa to New Jersey and Florida.
Description.
Rostral nearly as deep as broad, visible from above; internasals much shorter than the prefrontals; frontal longer than broad, shorter than the parietals; loreal one and a half to two and a half times as long as deep; two or three postoculars; temporals 1+2; six upper labials, third and fourth entering the eye; four lower labials in contact with the anterior chin shields, which are as long as or shorter than the posterior. Dorsal scales in 15 or 17 rows. Anal divided. Ventrals 111-135; subcaudals 24-37.
The following description of coloration of a live specimen (not in alcohol) uses Robert Ridgway's "Color Standards and Color Nomenclature" (1912). Dorsally "Virginia valeriae" is benzo brown, deep brownish drab, mars brown, or light brownish drab. The first row of dorsal scales is colored like the adjacent ventrals, which are light vinaceous-fawn, pale vinaceous-fawn, pale grayish vinaceous, or pale vinaceous-pink. The top of the head is hair brown or like the dorsum, with many dark spots on the plates. The upper labials are ecru-drab or lighter, some with drab-gray spots. There is a small black ring around the eye. The ventral surface of the head is white.
Sometimes a faint median light line is present. Also, there may be tiny black spots on the back and sides, especially in the nominate race ("Virginia valeriae valeriae").
Adults are usually 18–25 cm (7-10 inches) in total length; record 33.7 cm (13¼ inches).
Habitat.
It is a small, fossorial species which spends most of its time buried in loose soil or leaf litter.
Diet.
The smooth earth snake eats primarily earthworms and other soft-bodied arthropods.
Behavior.
Given their lack of sufficient defense mechanisms against larger animals, earth snakes are generally not aggressive towards humans and are harmless if encountered. While they do have teeth, the size of the mouth and teeth make any strikes against humans superficial at worst. They can defecate as a defense mechanism to make them less palatable to would-be predators. If necessary, they can be safely picked up by hand and relocated.
Subspecies.
Some sources list two subspecies of "Virginia valeriae":
Reproduction.
This species bears live young in August. Brood size is usually fewer than 10. The total length of a newborn is about 6 cm (about 2.5 in).

</doc>
<doc id="5897079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897079" title="Eben Smith">
Eben Smith

Eben Smith (December 17, 1832 - November 5, 1906) was a successful mine owner, smelting company executive, railroad executive and bank owner in Colorado in the late 19th century and early 20th century.
Early life.
Eben Smith was born in Erie, Pennsylvania, the son of William and Mary (Nelson) Smith, descendants of English and Scottish immigrants who emigrated to Erie County, Pennsylvania, in the latter part of the 17th century. He was educated in public and private schools in Waterford, Pennsylvania.
In 1852, Smith traveled to California, taking passage on a steamship and crossing the Isthmus of Panama before traveling up the west coast to San Francisco. He arrived in December, and spent two years engaged in placer mining in Sierra County. Shortly after his arrival in California, Smith married Caroline Jordan. The couple had two sons, Lemuel (born in 1857) and Samuel (born in 1858).
Earning a small amount of money, Smith built a hotel at French Corral in Nevada County. He sold his interest in the hotel and returned to mining. He worked in Placer County, and was subsequently hired to oversee construction of a mill near present-day Bakersfield. Smith became half-owner of the mill, which grew to become the largest milling plant in California at the time. In 1856, Smith and R.A. McClellan purchased the entire Gold Ledge property. Smith continued working the mine and operating the mill until May 1859. He sold his share to McClellan and the family returned east.
Move to Colorado.
The fall of 1859 proved to be a turning point in the life of Eben Smith. While visiting his brother, Dr. S.D. Smith (a prominent physician in St. Joseph, Missouri), he met Jerome B. Chaffee. The two men met a party of miners returning from Colorado who had participated in the Pike's Peak Gold Rush. The men told glowing accounts of rich gold-laden quartz veins in the region. Smith became determined to have milling machinery constructed, disassembled and hauled overland to Pikes Peak. Although Chaffee had no experience in mining or milling, he agreed to co-finance and partner with Smith in the venture. Chaffee left for Colorado in February 1860, settling in Gilpin County. Smith in Denver on May 26. Setting up business in Lake Gulch, the Smith & Chaffee mill began working lead ore.
Smith was the only man in Colorado at the time who had experience in milling quartz to extract gold. Smith soon hired himself out to various mines, and inaugurated measures for working and developing promising gold lodes in Gilpin County.
In 1863, Smith and Chaffee sold their mill. They purchased and developed the Bobtail Mine near Black Hawk; the Gregory Mine in Teller County; and other mines. They held the properties for about a year before selling to a Rhode Island mining consortium (retaining a small interest). For many years, the Bobtail remained one of the greatest gold producers in Colorado. Late in 1863, Smith's third child, Nellie, was born.
However, the move to Colorado proved to be a strain on the Smith marriage. Eben and Caroline Smith divorced in 1864. Caroline retained custody of the children and settled in Iowa.
When Chaffee established the First National Bank of Denver in 1865, Smith was a co-investor in the bank and named president.
In 1866, Smith was elected to the Colorado state legislature from Gilpin county. He served one term. That same year, he married Emily Rundel of Rochester, New York.
Mining operations.
Smith continued mining in Gilpin and Teller counties. Chaffee and Smith organized a group investors in 1867, purchased a mine and formed the Georgetown Silver Smelting Company. Smith invested in a large number of mines, building his wealth. Eben and Emily Smith's first child, Kate May, was born in 1867. But the child died at age thirteen months.
In 1876, he moved from Denver to Boulder, Colorado. Eben and Emily's second child, Cora Isabel, was born in 1870, followed by son Frank in 1871. (Smith's son, Lemuel, joined his father out West in 1880.)
Chaffee purchased the Caribou Mine in 1876. Once the most famous mine in Colorado, it had been sold to Dutch investors in 1873. But with the mine apparently played out and the Dutch unable to invest enough capital to discover new veins in the mine, Chaffee purchased the property with David Moffat and others. Smith was installed as manager and superintendent of the mine, positions he held until April 23, 1879. On June 25, 1880, the Caribou was consolidated with several other mines. Chaffee, Smith and others formed the Caribou Consolidated Mining Company; Smith was the companies superintendent and general manager until 1881. The Caribou claim quickly began producing large quantities of silver again, and Smith made another fortune. 
In 1878, Smith used his mining profits to partner with Horace Tabor, Chaffee and Moffat in the buying and developing the Little Pittsburg Mine in Leadville. The Little Pittsburg produced vast quantities of silver and started the silver boom in Leadville. Smith was placed in charge of the mine. Additional stock in the mine was sold. But the ore suddenly petered out, and the stock price collapsed. Investors later learned that Chaffee, Moffat and the other initial owners had sold out early, reaping large profits. Accusations that the initial investors had received insider information about the mine's status were never proved.
Despite Moffat's warnings, Smith did not sell his stock in the Little Pittsburg Mine. He lost virtually his entire fortune.
In 1882, Moffat and Chaffee secured a controlling interest in the Tam O'Shanter group of mines in Pitkin County, which Smith operated and managed for a year. The group of mines did not turn out favorably, so Smith then went to Red Cliff, Colorado, and mined there for a few months. He returned to Leadville and took charge of Moffat's and Chaffee's interests in the Maid of Erin, Henrietta and Louisville mines. He operated those mines for 10 years, rebuilding his fortune and eventually purchasing a financial interest in all of them.
1891 saw the first of hundreds of gold and silver strikes in the Cripple Creek region of Colorado. Smith quickly became invested in a number of mining operations there, including the Anaconda Mine and the Victor Gold Mining Company (later, after numerous mine consolidations, reincorporated as the Battle Mountain Consolidated Gold Mining Company). In 1892, the owners of the Portland Mine bought out Smith's interest in Battle Mountain as part of their successful attempt to consolidate gold mining on Battle Mountain. Smith used the money to buy an interest later that year in the Ibex Mining Company, the owner of the famous Little Jonny Mine in Leadville. (Among the owners of Ibex Mining was James Joseph Brown, husband of 'Unsinkable' Molly Brown.)
In 1893, Smith moved back to Denver.
Railroad building.
As growth continued in the Cripple Creek area, Smith, Moffat and two other investors began building the Florence and Cripple Creek Railroad (F&CC) in 1893. Moffat, president of the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad, saw the chance to expand his business as well as skim profits off the lucrative Cripple Creek mining operations. The owners decided to build a railroad from Florence to Cripple Creek to ship ore to the mills in Florence.
The Florence and Cripple Creek Railroad was incorporated on April 17, 1893. Smith was an officer in the company. The railroad the Free Road (a private road which had been recently constructed from Florence through Victor to Cripple Creek), and construction began on January 1, 1894. The first ore train rolled on over the 'Gold Belt Line' (as the railroad was nicknamed) on May 27, 1894; the first passenger train began service on July 1, 1894. (Operation of the railroad ceased when the company liquidated itself in January 1913. The track was torn up in 1914.)
Cripple Creek miners' strike of 1894.
Smith was one of three mine owners to precipitate the Cripple Creek miners' strike of 1894. The mine owners, who employed about a third of the miners in the area, extended the work-day to 10 hours while refusing to increase pay. The workers, represented by the Western Federation of Miners, struck. Although some smaller mining companies capitulated immediately, the remaining owners (including Smith) raised a paramilitary force under the legal protection of the local sheriff. After a tense and somewhat violent standoff, the governor sent in the state militia to protect the miners. Smith and the other mine owners agreed to return to the eight-hour day. It was a major victory for the union.
Leadville miners' strike of 1896-97.
Prior to the Leadville Colorado, Miners' Strike, Eben Smith wrote in a letter to an associate, "we will have to close all of our properties as we have not made a dollar in two years." However, historian William Philpott has written that Smith "almost certainly exaggerated." Leadville's mining industry had "recovered impressively" from the downturn of 1893. 
The Mine Owners' Association in Leadville conducted a lockout of mineworkers during the strike. Smith instructed an associate to close the mines "unless lightning strikes and kills off all the Irish," an acknowledgment that the Cloud City Miners' Union, Local 33 of the Western Federation of Miners, was largely controlled by Irish miners.
After violence at the Coronado and Emmet Mines in Leadville killed four strikers and one fireman, Smith wrote to a London business contact, "The strikers got the worst of it in the raid on the Coronado and Emmet, there were 10 or 12 killed; we do not know how many, and a great number wounded; they take care of their wounded the same as the Indians but every now and then a fellow turns up that the rats have been eating or who has gone to decay that we know must have been shot..." Philpott concluded the remarks suggest "that Smith looked on the miners as almost subhuman. Certainly there is no hint of empathy in these words."
Last years in mining.
After the Cripple Creek strike, Eben Smith slowly began to pull his investments out mines. Returning to his interest in milling, he built a cyanide process mill near Florence in 1895. It was the largest cyanide process gold mill of its kind in the world at the time. Smith continued to extend the F&CC railroad, and built an electric power plant at Goldfield. But Smith sold most of his investments, including interest in his many mines, throughout the 1890s. He re-invested some of the money in mines in Utah, Arizona and Oregon.
In 1896, Smith formed the Mine and Smelter Supply Company with his son, Frank, and brothers John S. and Robert J. Cary. Smith had been concerned that ore deposits in the Cripple Creek area were running out, and Smith cast about for a way to keep the towns of the region alive. He realized that much of the slag in the area had been poor milled, and still contained a large amount of gold and silver ore. The Mine and Smelter Supply Company was founded in order to improve ore recovery rates and save the towns. With Eben Smith as president, the company established branches in Denver, Salt Lake City, El Paso, Texas, and Mexico City. It quickly became the world's largest supplier of ore recovery equipment.
Retirement and final years.
Beginning in early 1903, the Western Federation of Miners conducted strikes against refining companies, which eventually spread to the Cripple Creek mining district. In 1904, Joseph Seep bought out Eben Smith's portion of the Mine and Smelter Supply Company. By 1905, he had purchased the remaining shares of Frank Smith and the Cary brothers as well.
In October 1901, Eben Smith returned to California and turned to retirement living in Los Angeles. He split his time between this home and a summer residence in Palmer Lake, Colorado. 
But Smith could not keep from dabbling in business ventures. He made large, ill-advised investments in Los Angeles' Murray M. Harris Organ Company (builder of the St. Louis Exposition Organ, now the Wanamaker Organ) and in the Pacific Wireless Company. Mismanagement at both companies forced Smith to take over operation of the companies in order to salvage his investments. Under Smith's direction the Murray M. Harris Co. became the Los Angeles Art Organ Co. and soon after the Electrolian Organ Co. and moved to Hoboken, N.J. Electrolian aimed to take some of the market share of the lucrative residence-organ business from the Aeolian Company, the industry leader. As a builder of extra-quality art organs it never attracted significant business, and concurrent with Smith's death, the venture was dissolved. 
Smith died in Denver of acute peritonitis stemming from appendicitis on November 5, 1906, before he could finish reorganizing the companies. 
Smith's wealth was estimated between $3 million and $10 million at his death, but may have been a good deal less. His mausoleum is in Fairmount Cemetery in Denver.

</doc>
<doc id="5897095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897095" title="Claud Jones-class destroyer escort">
Claud Jones-class destroyer escort

The "Claud Jones" class destroyer escorts were four ships built for the US Navy in the late 1950s. These ships were a Diesel version of the earlier Dealey class and were designed with the aim of producing a cheaper ship suitable for rapid production in wartime. These ships also had reduced armament and speed compared to their predecessors. They were not seen as effective anti submarine vessels and were sold after only 15 years service.
Hull Numbers.
A total of four ships of the "Claud Jones" class were built. All were decommissioned in 1973-1974 and sold onto the Indonesian Navy. All ships were built by Avondale.

</doc>
<doc id="5897096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897096" title="GMM Grammy">
GMM Grammy

GMM Grammy Public Company Limited (, or G"MM' Grammy) is the largest media conglomerate entertainment company in Thailand. It claims a 70% share of the Thai entertainment industry. Artists on Grammy include Bird McIntyre and Loso. In addition to its music business, the company is involved in concert production, artist management, film and television production and publishing.
Music.
The company has six music groups, which encompass about 20 speciality record labels. The groups are:
Manufacturing and distribution comes under MGA Co. Ltd., while the Imagine record store chain is a company-owned retailer.Music publishing is handled by GMM Music Publishing International Co., Ltd., while GMM Grammy licensed karaoke music and equipment is handled by Clean Karaoke.
List of GMM Grammy artists.
Current and past artists in the GMM Grammy label include (incomplete list):
Media.
GMM Tai Hub.
GMM Tai Hub Co., Ltd., or GTH, is the GMM Grammy's film studio. It was formed in 2003 by the merger of GMM Pictures with producer Visute Poolvoralaks' Tai Entertainment and Jira Maligool's Hub Ho Hin film company, following the box-office success of the childhood romantic comedy, "Fan Chan", which the three companies had a hand in producing. Films produced by GTH include:
Television.
GMM Grammy has several television production marques, including Exact Co., Ltd., which produces lakorns, game shows and variety shows.
Publishing.
Magazines.
Magazines produced by GMM Grammy include:
Newspapers.
GMM Grammy has partial stakes in the "Bangkok Post" and the Matichon Group, which publishes several Thai-language dailies, including "Matichon" and "Kao Sod".

</doc>
<doc id="5897098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897098" title="Mohamed Zafzaf">
Mohamed Zafzaf

Mohamed Zafzaf (1945 – 13 July 2001) was one of the best known Moroccan novelists and poets (born in Souk El Arbaa) writing in Arabic.
Biography.
Zafzaf was born in Souk Larbaa El Gharb, and lived in Casablanca, where he wrote his stories and articles and translated books from Spanish and French. He studied philosophy at the faculté des lettres et sciences humaines in Rabat, and worked first as a junior high school teacher and librarian. His first poem was published in 1962, and his first short story in 1963.
When his novel "The woman and the rose" was translated into Spanish, King Juan Carlos I sent him a congratulations letter. Mohamed Zafzaf kept this letter on the wall of his house.
Summary: 

</doc>
<doc id="5897107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897107" title="Nova Scotia Route 246">
Nova Scotia Route 246

Route 246 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in the northern part of the province and connects Tatamagouche at Trunk 6 with Wentworth, Nova Scotia at Trunk 4.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5897108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897108" title="Fridingen">
Fridingen

Fridingen is a town in the district of Tuttlingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the Danube, 10 km east of Tuttlingen, and 23 km west of Sigmaringen.

</doc>
<doc id="5897116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897116" title="Netherlands National Institute for Public Health and the Environment">
Netherlands National Institute for Public Health and the Environment

The Netherlands National Institute for Public Health and the Environment ( or simply "RIVM"), is a Dutch research institute that is an independent agency of the Dutch Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport. 
RIVM performs tasks to promote public health and a safe living environment by conducting research and collecting knowledge worldwide. The results are used to support the Dutch government in formulating its policy. RIVM's primary tasks are:
RIVM is located in Bilthoven and employs over 1400 people, many of whom work in multidisciplinary fields.
History.
RIVM was founded in 1910 when the Central Laboratory for Public Health was created and the present size of the institute is the result of a merger between three government institutes in 1984. RIVM has now become a large, complex organization with many different international links and a range of activities.
Organization.
In addition to the usual administrative sections (facilities management, finance, human resources, and communications), RIVM has four major technical divisions and/or centres each of which has a number of subsidiary divisions, centres and/or laboratories:

</doc>
<doc id="5897131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897131" title="Islamic view of Jesus' death">
Islamic view of Jesus' death

The issue of the crucifixion and death of Jesus (Isa) is important to Muslims as they believe that Jesus will return before the end of time. Muslims believe Jesus was not crucified, but was raised bodily to heaven by God, a belief purported to be found in the Gospel of Basilides , of which, if it existed, no copies survive.
Depending on the interpretation of the following verse, Muslim scholars have abstracted different opinions. Some believe that in the Biblical account, Jesus' crucifixion did not last long enough for him to die while others opine that God gave someone Jesus' appearance, causing everyone to believe that Jesus was crucified (majority view). A third explanation could be that Jesus was nailed to a cross, but as his body is immortal he did not "die" or was not "crucified" death; it only appeared so. In opposition to the second and third foregoing proposals, yet others maintain that God does not use deceit and therefore they contend that crucifixion just did not occur. The basis of all of these beliefs is the following verse in the Qur'an: 
Jesus lives.
Discussing the interpretation of those scholars who deny the crucifixion, the Encyclopaedia of Islam writes:
In regard to the interpretation of the Muslims who accept the crucifixion, Mahmoud Ayoub states:
Substitution interpretation.
While most Western Scholars, Jews, and Christians believe Jesus died, most Muslims believe he was raised to Heaven without being put on the cross and God transformed another person to appear exactly like Jesus who was crucified instead of Jesus. Muslims believe Jesus ascended bodily to Heaven, there to remain until his Second coming in the End days.
The identity of the substitute has been a source of great interest among Muslims. One proposal is that God used one of Jesus' enemies. Judas Iscariot, Jesus' traitor, is most often cited, including by the medieval Gospel of Barnabas. The second proposal is that Jesus asked for someone to volunteer to be crucified instead of him. Simon of Cyrene is the person most commonly accepted to have done it, perhaps because according to the Synoptic Gospels he was compelled by the Romans to carry Jesus' cross for him (there is no indication in the Gospels that he volunteered). Al-Baidawi writes that Jesus told his disciples in advance that whoever volunteered would go to heaven. 
The following narration recorded in the Qur'anic exegesis of Ibn Kathir is graded as authentic by orthodox Sunni scholars and provides a plausible [?] explanation for the Qur'anic verse related to the substitution of Jesus:
The ethnocentrism of the explanation in the hadith is striking. (See the Ridda wars of Apostasy in Islamic history.) Different interpretations about Jesus following the crucifixion are resolved through murder and apparently mass killing. The "plausibility" of such a process being historical is next to nil. There are ample discussions about docetism and gnosticism in antiquity (docetism includes various beliefs about Jesus only "seeming" to be physical and human), but there is nothing in those discussions about killing the opponents in order to resolve the dispute.
The Islamic Interpretation of the events at the end of Jesus' Earthly Life.
Yusuf ibn abd al-Barr, an 11th-century Maliki jurist, writes that there have been differences of opinion on this issue and Sunnis accept the second coming of Jesus only through individual reports by narrators who are of sound character—a view supported by majority of Muslims (see Jesus' second coming). However, some Islamic scholars like Sheikh Mohammed al-Ghazali (not Imam al-Ghazali), Javed Ahmad Ghamidi argue that Jesus was indeed rescued but was given death by God before he was ascended bodily as God never allows His messengers to be dishonored, even their dead bodies.
Thomas McElwain states that the context of the verse is clearly within the discussion of Jewish ridicule of Christians, not in context of whether or not Jesus died. He continues that the text could be interpreted as denying the death of Jesus at the hands of Jews rather than denying his death. He adds, however, "the expressions against the crucifixion are strong, so that to interpret the meaning for Romans rather than Jews to have committed the act is also suspect" and that if this meaning is correct, "it would have been more effective to state that the Romans killed Jesus, rather than to emphasise that the Jews were not in possession of the facts."
According to some translations, Jesus says in the Qur'an:
The majority of Muslims translate the verb "mutawafik" (متوفيك) "to terminate after a period of time" while others translate it "to die of natural causes". Islamic scholars like Javed Ahmad Ghamidi consider it as the physical death of Jesus, and hence question the return of Jesus. Geoffrey Parrinder discusses different interpretations of the Qur'anic chapter 19, verse 33 and writes in his conclusion that "the cumulative effect of the Qur’anic verse is strongly in favor of a real death". This verse could also refer to the Second Coming of Jesus. According to Muslim tradition, after his Second Coming, Jesus will die. 
One should note, the claim that Jesus will die after his Second Coming is in direct opposition to Christian teaching. Christians believe that Jesus will reign supreme over the nations forever and they also view Isa, known as Yeshua or Jesus, as the son of God.
The following minority of translations or translators translate "to die":
However, the majority of Qur'anic translators including Abdullah Yusuf Ali, Muhammad Habib Shakir and Marmaduke Pickthall, do not translate as "to die". 
Ibn Babawayh (d.991 CE) in "Ikhmal ad Din" recounts that Jesus went to a far country. This was adapted by the Ahmadiyya as the basis of their Jesus in India theory This is promoted also by writers such as Holger Kersten (1981) They claim Jesus is buried at the Roza Bal shrine in Srinagar. However the Sunni Muslim authorities at the shrine deny this as heretical and say that it is a Muslim saint buried there. The claims of the theory have been examined in documentaries and generated tourist visits to the site. Scholarly reception has consistently dismissed the theories, such as Norbert Klatt (1988), and labelled speculation by Indologist Günter Grönbold (1985).
David Marshall Lang stated in his 1957 book "The Wisdom of Balahvar" that confusion in diacritical markings in Arabic documents resulted in confusing Kashmir and Kushinara (the place of Buddha's death) with the place of the death of Jesus. Lang has stated that the term Budhasaf (Buddha-to-be) became Yudasaf, Iodasaph, and then Yuzasaf, and resulted in the assertions of Jesus being buried in Srinagar. In 1981 (in "Jesus i Kashmir: Historien om en legend") and then in 2011 Per Beskow also stated that confusion about the traditions regarding Gautama Buddha in the Bilawhar wa-Yudasaf legend had resulted in the confused assumption that Jesus was Yuzasaf and was buried in Kashmir.

</doc>
<doc id="5897139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897139" title="Galois/Counter Mode">
Galois/Counter Mode

Galois/Counter Mode (GCM) is a mode of operation for symmetric key cryptographic block ciphers that has been widely adopted because of its efficiency and performance. GCM throughput rates for state of the art, high speed communication channels can be achieved with reasonable hardware resources. 
It is an authenticated encryption algorithm designed to provide both data authenticity (integrity) and confidentiality. GCM is defined for block ciphers with a block size of 128 bits. Galois Message Authentication Code (GMAC) is an authentication-only variant of the GCM which can be used as an incremental message authentication code. Both GCM and GMAC can accept initialization vectors of arbitrary length.
Different block cipher modes of operation can have significantly different performance and efficiency characteristics, even when used with the same block cipher. GCM can take full advantage of parallel processing, and an implementation can make efficient use of an instruction pipeline or a hardware pipeline. In contrast, the cipher block chaining (CBC) mode of operation incurs significant pipeline stalls that hamper its efficiency and performance.
Encryption and authentication.
The authentication tag is constructed by feeding blocks of data into the GHASH function, and encrypting the result. This GHASH function is defined by
where "H" is the Hash Key, a string of 128 zero bits encrypted using the block cipher, "A" is data which is only authenticated (not encrypted), "C" is the ciphertext, "m" is the number of 128 bit blocks in "A", "n" is the number of 128 bit blocks in "C" (the final blocks of "A" and "C" need not be exactly 128 bits), and the variable "X""i" for "i" = 0, ..., "m" + "n" + 1 is defined as
where "v" is the bit length of the final block of "A", "u" is the bit length of the final block of "C", and formula_4 denotes concatenation of bit strings. Note that this is an iterative algorithm: each "X""i" depends on "X""i-1", and only the final "X""i" is retained as output.
GCM mode was designed by John Viega and David A. McGrew as an improvement to Carter–Wegman Counter CWC mode.
On November 26, 2007 NIST announced the release of NIST Special Publication 800-38D "Recommendation for Block Cipher Modes of Operation: Galois/Counter Mode (GCM) and GMAC" making GCM and GMAC official standards.
Use.
GCM mode is used in the IEEE 802.1AE (MACsec) Ethernet security, IEEE 802.11ad (also known as WiGig), ANSI (INCITS) Fibre Channel Security Protocols (FC-SP), IEEE P1619.1 tape storage, IETF IPsec standards, SSH and TLS 1.2. AES-GCM is included into the NSA Suite B Cryptography.
Performance.
GCM is ideal for protecting packetized data, because it has minimum latency and minimum operation overhead.
GCM requires one block cipher operation and one 128-bit multiplication in the Galois field per each block (128 bit) of encrypted and authenticated data. The block cipher operations are easily pipelined or parallelized; the multiplication operations are easily pipelined, and can be parallelized with some modest effort (either by parallelizing the actual operation, or by adapting Horner's method as described in the original NIST submission, or both).
Intel has added the PCLMULQDQ instruction, highlighting its use for GCM [http://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/intel-carry-less-multiplication-instruction-and-its-usage-for-computing-the-gcm-mode]. This instruction enables fast multiplication over GF(2n), and can be used with any field representation.
Impressive performance results have been published for GCM on a number of platforms. Käsper and Schwabe described a "Faster and Timing-Attack Resistant AES-GCM"
When both authentication and encryption need to be performed on a message, a software implementation can achieve speed gains by overlapping the execution of those operations. Performance is increased by exploiting instruction level parallelism by interleaving operations. This process is called function stitching, and while in principle it can be applied to any combination of cryptographic algorithms, GCM is especially suitable. Manley and Gregg show the ease of optimizing when using function-stitching with GCM, and present a program generator that takes an annotated C version a cryptographic algorithm and generates code that runs well on the target processor.
Patents.
According to the authors' statement, GCM is unencumbered by patents.
Security.
GCM has been proven secure in the concrete security model. It is secure when it is used with a block cipher mode of operation that is indistinguishable from a random permutation; however security depends on choosing a unique initialization vector for every encryption performed with the same key ("see" stream cipher attack). For any given key and initialization vector combination, GCM is limited to encrypting 239 − 256 bits of plain text. NIST Special Publication 800-38D includes guidelines for initialization vector selection.
The authentication strength depends on the length of the authentication tag, as with all symmetric message authentication codes. However, the use of shorter authentication tags with GCM is discouraged. The bit-length of the tag, denoted "t", is a security parameter. In general, "t" may be any one of the following five values: 128, 120, 112, 104, or 96. For certain applications, "t" may be 64 or 32, but the use of these two tag lengths constrains the length of the input data and the lifetime of the key. Appendix C in NIST SP 800-38D provides guidance for these constraints (for example, if "t" = 32 and the maximal packet size is 210 bytes, then the authentication decryption function should be invoked no more than 211 times; if "t" = 64 and the maximal packet size is 215 bytes, then the authentication decryption function should be invoked no more than 232 times).
As with any message authentication code, if the adversary chooses a "t"-bit tag at random, it is expected to be correct for given data with probability 2−"t". With GCM, however, an adversary can choose tags that increase this probability, proportional to the total length of the ciphertext and additional authenticated data (AAD). Consequently, GCM is not well-suited for use with very short tag lengths or very long messages.
Ferguson and Saarinen independently described how an attacker can perform optimal attacks against GCM authentication, which meet the lower bound on its security. 
Ferguson showed that, if "n" denotes the total number of blocks in the encoding (the input to the GHASH function), then there is a method of constructing a targeted ciphertext forgery that is expected to succeed with a probability of approximately "n"2 − "t". If the tag length "t" is shorter than 128, then each successful forgery in this attack increases the probability that subsequent targeted forgeries will succeed, and leaks information about the hash subkey, "H". Eventually, "H" may be compromised entirely and the authentication assurance is completely lost.
Independent of this attack, an adversary may attempt to systematically guess many different tags for a given input to authenticated decryption, and thereby increase the probability that one (or more) of them, eventually, will be accepted as valid. For this reason, the system or protocol that implements GCM should monitor and, if necessary, limit the number of unsuccessful verification attempts for each key.
Saarinen described GCM weak keys. This work gives some valuable insights into how polynomial hash based authentication works. More precisely, this work describes a particular way of forging a GCM message, given a valid GCM message, which works with probability of about n/(2) for messages that are n*128 bits long. However, this work does not show a more effective attack than was previously known; the success probability in observation 1 of this paper matches that of lemma 2 from the INDOCRYPT 2004 analysis (setting w=128 and l=n*128). Saarinen also described a GCM variant Sophie Germain Counter Mode (SGCM), continuing the GCM tradition of including a mathematician in the name of the mode.

</doc>
<doc id="5897141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897141" title="Friedland, Brandenburg">
Friedland, Brandenburg

Friedland (Lower Sorbian "Bryland") is a town in the Oder-Spree district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated in the historic Lower Lusatia region, about south of Beeskow, and north of Cottbus.
The town was first mentioned as "Fredberg" in a 1235 deed issued by the Lusatian margrave Henry III of Meissen. A 1301 contract signed by Margrave Frederick I named a town and castle of "Vredeburch", then a possession of the Lords of Strehla, who served as "ministeriales" of the ruling House of Wettin. The present name first appeared in a 1350 bull issued by Pope Clement VI. With Lower Lusatia, Friedland passed under the suzerainty of the Bohemian Crown in 1367. 
In 1518, the lordship was pawned to the Order of Saint John and turned Protestant in 1540. Under the rule of Lord Master Count Adam of Schwarzenberg, the fortifications were enlarged, nevertheless Friedland suffered severely under the impact of the Thirty Years' War. Upon the 1635 Peace of Prague, it passed with the Lusatias to the Electorate of Saxony. Under Master Prince John Maurice of Nassau-Siegen the lordship quickly recovered. Town privileges were confirmed in 1662, a Jewish community is documented since 1673. 
After almost three-centuries rule of the Order of Saint John, Friedland was finally secularised to Saxony in 1811. Only four years later, the town passed to the Prussian province of Brandenburg upon the Final Act of the 1815 Vienna Congress.
Demography.
Friedland is the least densely populated town ("Stadt") in Germany, just narrowly beating Baruth/Mark (also in Brandenburg) for that distinction.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5897162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897162" title="Kitten's First Full Moon">
Kitten's First Full Moon

"Kitten's First Full Moon" is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Kevin Henkes. Published in 2004, the book tells the story of a kitten who thinks the moon is a bowl of milk. Henkes won the 2005 Caldecott Medal for his illustrations. The book is in black and white and typeset in sans-serif. The idea came from a line in another book by Henkes, "The cat thought the moon was a bowl of milk." Henkes gradually expanded on that for "Kitten's First Full Moon".

</doc>
<doc id="5897163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897163" title="Meal voucher">
Meal voucher

A meal voucher or luncheon voucher is a voucher for a meal given to employees as an employee benefit, allowing them to eat at outside restaurants, typically for lunch. In many countries, meal vouchers have had favorable tax treatment. Vouchers are typically in the form of paper tickets.
United Kingdom.
A Luncheon Voucher (LV) is a paper ticket (voucher) used by some employees in the United Kingdom to pay for meals in private restaurants. It allows companies to subsidise midday meals (luncheons) for their employees without having to run their own canteens. 
The scheme dates to 1946, when food rationing was still in force following the end of the war. The British government granted an extra-statutory tax concession, believing that this would help citizens afford healthy meals. Under the concession, luncheon vouchers are free of income tax and national insurance contributions up to the value of 3 shillings (15 pence) a day. The initial level of 2s. 3d. (11.25p) was increased in 1948 to its current level of 3/- (15p), but has not been adjusted for inflation since. The UK government announced in March 2011 its intention to abolish this relief with effect from April 2013, although this was subject to independent advice from the Office of Tax Simplification following wider consultation. The abolition of the concession, effective from 6 April 2013, was confirmed in December 2011, with the government maintaining its view that the relief was redundant given that it is worth only 15p per day.
In the early days, a company that wanted to subsidise their staff lunches, but not run a canteen, had to have vouchers printed and make arrangements with one or more local restaurants to accept them. In addition, it would have to administer the scheme (for instance by checking and counting the vouchers returned from the restaurants prior to settling their account). In 1954, a businessman, John Hack, realised that a single standardised voucher acceptable across the UK would be more logical and efficient. He subsequently started the Luncheon Vouchers Company in 1955 to implement the nationwide Luncheon Voucher scheme. In 1956, nine large catering companies purchased the company, with Hack staying on as managing director. The company was bought by Accor in 1982. Restaurants that accept the vouchers display an "LV" logo in their windows.
The vouchers were used as a form of payment in Cynthia Payne's brothel in London during the 1970s.
Belgium.
Edenred is conducting a commercial pilot with touchatag in Antwerp, Belgium, to replace the vouchers with a contactless card.
France.
Meal vouchers were introduced to France in 1962 by :fr:Jacques Borel (industriel), who was inspired by Luncheon Vouchers; he called them Ticket Restaurant. Starting in 1976, Ticket Restaurant expanded outside France, and became part of Accor in 1983.
Accor and Edenred.
By 1983, Accor owned both the British Luncheon Vouchers and the French Ticket Restaurant. Accor spun off the voucher business in 1998 as Accor Services, which became Edenred in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5897164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897164" title="Stevan Markovic">
Stevan Markovic

Stevan Marković (Serbian Cyrillic: Стеван Марковић; May 10, 1937 Belgrade, Kingdom of Yugoslavia, today Serbia – October 1, 1968 Paris, France) was a bodyguard of movie star Alain Delon. He was found murdered in 1968.
Early days.
In the 1950s Stevan Markovic and his friend Milos Milos (Milos Milosevic) were involved in streetfighting in Belgrade. They met Alain Delon, a young movie star at the time, who was filming a movie in Belgrade in a co-production with SFR Yugoslavia. Delon employed firstly Milos Milos and then Stevan Markovic as bodyguards. He was good friends with Serbian gangster Nikola Milinkovich. Stevan was in the first column of the convoy of Nikola's burial.
Paris Rise.
As constant company of Delon he meets and in a way becomes part of French jet-set, models, politicians, more or less all the important people he was meeting unlike common bodyguard and due to his looks and charisma. There is a speculation that he was a male prostititute but another sources states that ladies were lining up to try this mysterious gangsta type pretty boy.
Murder.
In 1968 the dead body of Stevan Markovic himself was found in the outskirts of Paris. Alain Delon was under investigation, but he was never accused. One of the factors pointing in his direction was a letter by Stevan Markovic to his brother Aleksandar where he wrote: "If I get killed, it's 100% fault of Alain Delon and his godfather Francois Marcantoni."
His death provoked a political scandal, The Markovic affair, involving French President Georges Pompidou.

</doc>
<doc id="5897166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897166" title="Sven-Åke Lundbäck">
Sven-Åke Lundbäck

Sven-Åke Lundbäck (born January 26, 1948 in Töre, Norrbotten) is a former Swedish cross-country skier who competed from 1972 to 1980. He won the 15 km gold at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo.
Lundbäck also won the 50 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1976.
His biggest success as a cross country skier was at the 1978 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships where he won golds in the 50 km and the 4 x 10 km relay.
He won Vasaloppet in 1981.
For many years, Lundbäck was working as a teacher at the school of Bergviken in Luleå, Sweden. He retired when the school was closed in 2011. He also was known for having an oxygen consumption rate of 94.6 mL/kg/minute. The most fit long distance runners test in the low 80s.

</doc>
<doc id="5897167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897167" title="Seal of Denver">
Seal of Denver

The Seal of the City and County of Denver (a.k.a. The Seal of Denver, The Denver Corporate Seal) is the official seal of the government of Denver, Colorado, USA.
Current seal.
The corporate seal of the City and County of Denver (shown right) was designed by Denver artist Henry Read in 1901. The circular design features an American eagle, reminding us that Denver is a free, American city. The key symbolizes Denver as the key to the Rocky Mountains, and represents the warmth and hospitality extended by Denver citizens to visitors. The capitol dome is included in the seal, as Denver is the capital of the state of Colorado.
Historic seal.
The Omaha and Grant Smelter smokestack that were depicted in the seal design was built in 1883, on the east bank of the Platte River. The tall smokestack, built in 1892, was for years the world's tallest structure. It was demolished on February 26, 1950, to clear land for the today's Denver Coliseum. Denver's view of the front range of the Rocky Mountains was shown as a background, with the rays of the setting sun lighting the sky.

</doc>
<doc id="5897170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897170" title="Sharon Coste">
Sharon Coste

Sharon Coste (born in Montreal, 13 June 1963) is a French soprano of Canadian origin.
Career.
The recipient of several prizes and awards, among which at the Geneva, Paris, Toulouse and Bilbao international competitions, the Voix d’Or Prize (France), and the Mozart Prize of the Canadian Opera Company, Sharon Coste has sung on numerous European and North American opera stages including the Opéra National de Paris-Bastille, the Opéra National du Rhin, Florida Grand Opera, the Opéra de Nantes, the Canadian Opera Company, Karlsruhe Opern, Lübeck Opern, L’Esplanade de Saint-Étienne, the Opéra de Montréal, the Opéra-Théâtre de Metz, and the Opéra de Chambre de Genève.
Recognised for her Mozart heroines – Donna Anna, Fiordiligi, Pamina, Contessa, Constanze, Vitellia – Sharon Coste also sings several leading French, Italian and Russian roles: "Dialogue des Carmélites", "Faust", "Manon", "Les Contes d’Hoffmann", "Eugene Oneguin", "Il Barbiere di Siviglia", "La Fille du Régiment", "La Bohème", "La Traviata", "Norma", and "Aida".
Sharon Coste has performed under the baton of conductors such as Philippe Herreweghe, Jean-Claude Casadesus, Emmanuel Krivine, Serge Baudo and Alain Lombard, notably appearing with the Orchestre National de Paris, the Orchestre National de Lyon, the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, and the Orchestre de la Sorbonne, in a vast repertoire that includes the "Requiem"s of Mozart, Verdi, Fauré, Lloyd Webber and McCartney, the "Nuits d’été" by Berlioz, the "Stabat Mater"s of Pergolesi and Poulenc, "Elias" and "Psalm 42" by Mendelssohn, "Die Jahreszeiten" by Haydn, the "14th Symphony" by Shostakovitch, and "Myrrah" by Caplet.
A graduate of the University of Alberta, Sharon Coste was a member of the Canadian Opera Company Ensemble, and studied at the Salzburg Mozarteum Summer Academy and the Académie de Royaumont. She has recorded for Harmonia Mundi (Diapason d’or), Naxos Records, Musica Numeris and Koch International.

</doc>
<doc id="5897173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897173" title="Trojan language">
Trojan language

The language spoken by the Trojans in the "Iliad" is Homeric Greek. However, there has been some scholarly debate on what language the historical Trojans would have spoken at the time of the Trojan War, identified with the site Troy VIIa, is identified with the Troy of the Greek epics to a greater or lesser degree, depending on judgements regarding the historicity of the Iliad. The language likely to have been prevalent in the historical city is Luwian, although there are no direct records.
The cultural context in which the lost Trojan language existed was described by Jaan Puhvel, "Homer and Hittite" (1991).
Greek epics.
The Trojans in the "Iliad" have no difficulty in speaking to their Greek opponents. However, this may merely be evidence that a fictional convention frequently used in narratives in later times had already been adopted by the poet of the "Iliad": for example, Jason finds no language barrier with Medea in Colchis, and Trojan Aeneas converses without difficulty both with Punic Dido and with Latin Turnus.
Greek legend gives further indications on the subject of language at Troy. For one thing, the allies of Troy, listed at length in the Trojan Battle Order which closes book 2 of the "Iliad", are depicted as speaking various languages and thus needing to have orders translated to them by their commanders (2.802-6). Elsewhere in the poem (4.433–38) they are compared to sheep and lambs bleating in a field as they talk together in their different languages. The inference is that, from the Greek point of view, the languages of Trojans and their allied neighbors were not as unified as those of the Achaeans.
Hilary Mackie has detected in the "Iliad" a consistent differentiation between representations in Greek of Achaean and Trojan speech; in simplest terms, Trojans speak poetically, with the aim of avoiding conflict, whereas Achaeans repeatedly engage in public, ritualized abuse that linguists term (from another source) flyting: "Achaeans are proficient at blame, while Trojans perform praise poetry" (Mackie 1998:83).
Luwian theory.
There was not enough evidence to fruitfully speculate upon the language of Troy until 1995, when a late Hittite seal was found in the excavations at Troy, probably dating from about 1275 BC. Not considered a locally made object, this item from the Trojan "state chancellery" was inscribed in Luwian and to date provides the "only" archaeological evidence for any language at Troy at this period. It indicates that Luwian was known at Troy, which is not surprising since it was a lingua franca of the Hittite empire, of which Troy was probably in some form of dependency.
Another sphere of research concerns a handful of Trojan personal names mentioned in the "Iliad". Among sixteen recorded names of Priam's relatives, at least nine (including "Anchises" and "Aeneas") are not Greek and may be traced to "pre-Greek Asia Minor". On this basis Calvert Watkins in 1986 argued that the Trojans may have been Luwian-speaking. For instance, the name "Priam" is connected to the Luwian compound "Pariya-muwa", which means "exceptionally courageous".
Additionally, the Alaksandu treaty describes Mira, Haballa, Seha and Wilusa (usually identified with Troy) as the lands of Arzawa, although this "has no historical or political basis", suggesting that it was the language that they had in common. Frank Starke of the University of Tübingen concludes that "the certainty is growing that Wilusa/Troy belonged to the greater Luwian-speaking community". Joachim Latacz also regards Luwian as the official language of Homeric Troy, but he finds it highly probable that another language was in daily use. Ilya Yakubovich provides a critical evaluation of the arguments by Watkins and Starke in his University of Chicago dissertation and concludes that the ethnicity of the Trojans remains completely unknown.
Several tablets found in Troad and inscribed in Minoan Linear A signs may be nothing else than imported objects, as there is no evidence of Minoan presence in Troad. Classification of these signs as a unique Trojan script (proposed by Nikolai Kazansky) is not accepted by other linguists.

</doc>
<doc id="5897182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897182" title="Little Switzerland, North Carolina">
Little Switzerland, North Carolina

Little Switzerland is an unincorporated community in McDowell and Mitchell counties of North Carolina, United States. It is located along NC 226A off the Blue Ridge Parkway, directly north of Marion, North Carolina and south of Spruce Pine.
At this location, in 1909, on eleven hundred acres surveyed from the top of Grassy Mountain, the "Switzerland Company" was founded by North Carolina State Supreme Court Justice Heriot Clarkson. Covenants in the rules included no alcohol and one house per lot.
History.
The group filed a suit against the construction of the Blue Ridge Parkway noting that it was seeking a right of way of 800 feet wide and through the resort and were not paying an adequate amount. The suit was settled with the Parkway getting 200 feet wide access and paying $25,000. It is now the narrowest point on the Parkway in North Carolina. The access to the Switzerland Inn is the only commercial access road on the parkway. There were other skirmishes between the resort and parkway including the parkway closing the road to Kilmichael (pronounced Kill-michael) Tower built by Little Switzerland atop Grassy Mountain. Little Switzerland lost the fight and the tower fell into disrepair. Its base is still visible.
The group got the Carolina, Clinchfield, and Ohio Railroad to locate a station approximately 4 miles from the community. They built a toll road to it Etchoe (pronounced Et-chō) Pass Road. The tolls did not last long although the booths are still visible. It is now NC 226A.
The original Switzerland Inn was razed in the 1960s and a modern motor court was built by William Cessna.
Its naming illustrates the gradual change in meaning of the 19th century term little Switzerland from an area of limestone formations to one of mountainous appearance.
Famous oboist John Mack used to hold an annual "John Mack Oboe Camp" in the community before his death in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5897190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897190" title="Nova Scotia Route 247">
Nova Scotia Route 247

Route 247 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located on Cape Breton Island in Richmond County and connects St. Peters at Trunk 4 with Lower L'Ardoise.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5897194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897194" title="Jacques Damala">
Jacques Damala

Aristides Damalas (Greek: Aριστεíδης Δαμαλάς, alternative spellings "Aristidis" or "Aristide"), known in France by the stage name Jacques Damala, (15 January 1855 – 18 August 1889), was a Greek military officer-turned-actor, who is mostly remembered as being husband to Sarah Bernhardt for a number of years. Damala's characterization by modern researchers is far from positive. His handsomeness was as notable as his insolence and Don Juan quality. Writer Fredy Germanos describes him as an opportunistic and hedonistic person, whose marriage to the great diva would inevitably intensify and maximize his vices, namely, his vanity and obsession with women, alcohol, and drugs.
Diplomatic career and notorious social life.
Damala was born at Piraeus, Greece on 15 January 1855 to an aristocratic family. He was the second of three children to Ambrosios (Ambrouzis) Damalas (2 June 1808 – 29 July 1869), a wealthy shipping magnate, who later served as mayor of Ermoupoli and Piraeus and his wife, Calliope Ralli (6 June 1829 – 14 February 1891), whose father, Loukas Rallis, had also once served as mayor of Piraeus and Ermoupolis, Syros (he had also came up with the name "Ermoupoli") and was a member of the Executive Committee which attempted the liberation of Chios in 1827, during the Greek War of Independence. The other two children of Ambrouzis and Calliope were a son, Paul (Pavlos) Damalas (17 July 1853 – 25 December 1925) and a daughter, Eirini (ca 1857 – ?). The family later moved to Marseille, France, where they spent several years, until they relocated to Ermoupoli, Syros, after Ambrosios was appointed mayor there. The family later returned to Marseille and eventually to Piraeus.
After finishing school in Piraeus, Damala spent four years abroad, mainly in England and France, where he pursued diplomatic studies. During his time abroad, he became acquainted with representatives of high society, as well as representatives of the theatre world, since he had the dream of excelling as an actor one day. He returned to Greece in 1878 and recruited in the army. He was later trained in the Page Corps in Russia but eventually decided to drop his studies there and return to Paris.
By the early 1880s, he had earned a post as a military attaché to the Greek Diplomatic Corps. He quickly acquired a reputation of being "the handsomest man in Europe", as well as the nickname "Diplomat Apollo" by his friends and the assumption of being the most dangerous man in Paris, among the several husbands who feared their wives would fall victim to his charms and be seduced by the young diplomat. Damala was indeed considered as the epitome of handsomeness of his time, and many women of the high society of Paris were infatuated with him. He rapidly earned the reputation of being a merciless heartbreaker and womanizer of the high circles. Besides his passion for women, he was also said to enjoy the company of young men, as well. His affair with the wife of a Parisian banker, Paul Meisonnier, had ruined the woman's reputation to the extent of forcing her to leave France. It was also rumoured that he had driven two women to divorce and one to suicide. One of his documented affairs was with the young daughter of a Vaucluse magistrate who had left her parents and home to follow Damala to Paris, where he deserted her when their illegitimate child was born. The young girl was never heard from again; she is presumed to have committed suicide. Following these scandals, Damala was reassigned to Russia.
Meeting with Bernhardt and stay in Saint Petersburg.
Prior to his transfer, he was introduced to Sarah Bernhardt by her half-sister, Jeanne, shortly before the summer of 1881. Damala and Jeanne belonged to a circle of well-known morphine-takers who were associated with the stage world. Damala had begun playing small parts as an amateur actor with the stage name of "Daria", and used to frequent the green rooms of theatres, along with fellow actors who shared a similar passion for morphine. He also frequented these places out of his desire to socialize with people from the theatre world and thus promoting his ambitions of becoming a great actor. Jeanne spoke to Bernhardt of Damala, and Bernhardt felt simultaneously repelled and fascinated by the perspective of meeting the most notorious man in Paris. Their meeting was a highly anticipated one from both parties. Madame Pierre Berton, who wrote a biography for Sarah Bernhardt, remarks the following: 
""It was inevitable that Bernhardt, the famous actress, and Damala, the equally notorious bon-viveur, should eventually meet. Each knew the reputation of the other and their reputation was only the more whetted thereby (...) Bernhardt prided on her ability to conquer men, to reduce them to the level of slaves; Damala vaunted his ability as a hunter and a spoiler of women (...) Their two natures were inevitably attracted towards each other (...) Damala boasted to his friends that, as soon as he looked at her, the great Sarah Bernhardt would be counted in his long list of victims; and Bernhardt was no less certain that she had only to command for Damala to succumb"".
The two soon met. Even though Bernhardt was appalled by Damala's insolence towards her, she was nevertheless strongly attracted to him and soon fell madly in love with the Greek. During that period, Bernhardt was about to begin her world tour; knowing that Damala was transferred in Saint Petersburg and interested in meeting him again, she decided to arrange a six-month stay in Russia, despite the fact she had previously – repeatedly – rejected offers of making appearances there. Indeed, she resided in Saint Petersburg for a few months, as an official guest of Emperor Alexander III of Russia, during which her romance with Damala flourished. The openness of their affair scandalized the social circles of the city and proved a common topic of discussion.
Marriage and new career.
The match was far from being blissful. Damala developed the habit of openly criticizing and mocking Bernhardt in front of her friends. Bernhardt, in return, called him "Gypsy Greek" in an equal attempt to degrade him. However, in most cases, Bernhardt was so overwhelmed by her infatuation for him that she tolerated his insults and even begged him for forgiveness, a behaviour which reaffirmed that Damala had the upper hand in the relationship. After Bernhardt left Russia to extend her tour to other European countries, Damala resigned from the Diplomatic Corps and followed Sarah's theatre circle. While in London, completing the final part of her tour, Bernhardt had yet another fight with Damala. Bernhardt was supposed to have created the role of playwright Victorien Sardou "Theodora" during the tour. Instead, she sent Sardou the telegram: ""I am going to die and my greatest regret is not having created your play. Adieu."" A few hours later, Sardou received a second message by Bernhardt which simply stated: ""I am not dead, I am married"". When asked later by Sardou why she had wed, she somewhat naïvely responded that it was the only thing she had never done. Her impulsive decision to marry was probably at her own initiative, as Damala sarcastically admitted to friends that it was she who had proposed to him. The wedding took place on 4 April 1882 on London, a city that proved a convenient choice for marriage, since religious differences would have been a hindrance for a possible marriage in Paris: Bernhardt was a Roman Catholic and Damala an Greek Orthodox. Bernhardt's son, Maurice, was hostile to Damala and contrary to this marriage.
Even though Bernhardt presented Damala to reporters with the phrase ""This ancient Greek god is the man of my dreams"", the marriage became the object of criticism and even satire for press. Caricatures of Bernhardt and Damala virtually flooded newspapers for months. A review of "Les Mères Ennemies" featured Bernhardt holding Damala like a puppet, manipulating his limbs.
Damala's marriage to Bernhardt made him even "more" unfaithful. Three weeks after the wedding, he had a fight with Bernhardt when he insisted she should change her stage name to "Sarah Damala", to honour him. Following her refusal, he left the house. He was missing for a few days, much to Bernhardt's anxiety, and during this time was seen in the company of a young Norwegian girl. Upon his return, Sarah accepted his excuses. The tour went on to Ostend. At their last night there, Damala fled again and was heard from two days later in Brussels, where he was accompanied by a Belgian woman. Bernhardt forgave him again when he returned. Despite the humiliations she endured, giving money to Damala so as to pay his mistresses and debts to prostitutes, and the fact her husband's infidelity had been a common topic for gossip, the lovelorn Benrhardt tolerated all of these. Following their return to Paris, Damala, compelled by the perspective of becoming a theatre star, decided to pursue an acting career. Some time later, Bernhardt bought a theatre, the Théâtre de l'Ambigu, and made the unfortunate decision of appointing Maurice as the manager and Damala as the leading man.
Bernhardt's friends could not understand what she saw in him. Her contemporaries were puzzled by her decision to discard professional actors so as to perform next to a rank amateur. Bernhardt seems to have been blinded by emotion: Damala has been described as exceptionally untalented, lacking of any acting qualifications, technique, or timing, and possessing an unintelligible Greek accent. Bernhardt was oblivious of all these shortcomings, and on the basis of her attraction for him, considered him appropriate and cast him as Armand Duval in "La Dame aux Camélias" ("The Lady with the Camelias"). Bernhardt is cited as telling a (rather shocked) Alexandre Dumas about Damala: ""Won't he make an excellent Armand? Only by looking at him, you understand why Marguerite Gautier dies in the way she does!"".
The couple returned to Paris and performed "La Dame aux Camélias". Sarah's performance was exalted; Damala's, on the other hand, had received less than enthusiastic reviews. Damala was furious and blamed Bernhardt.
Separation.
In December 1882, Bernhardt opened in Victorien Sardou's "Fédora" and again received excellent reviews. Sardou had written the play specifically for her, but had refused to allow Damala to act in it. Bernhardt appointed her husband manager of her theatrical company on tour ("Head of the Tour"), a decision that proved disastrous, given Damala's lack of skills in managing. Bernhardt was eventually forced to remove him from his post and reduce him to Prince Consort. This development, combined with Damala's frustration over the way his career developed provoked him to continue the habit of humiliating Bernhardt in front of her friends and openly criticizing her. His increasingly deeper addiction to drugs, particularly morphine, created even greater problems in their marriage. Damala's drug-influenced behaviour became frequently scandalous. On one occasion, while on stage with Bernhardt, a drug-induced Damala tore down her dress and exposed her bare buttocks to the audience. On 12 December 1882, Bernhardt lashed out against Damala, refusing to cover his expenses on women and drugs anymore, to which Damala responded equally explosively with his own accusations. The next morning Damala left, without notice, for North Africa. Realizing he would never be seen as something more than "Mr Sarah Bernhardt", he decided to enlist for service in the spahi troops in Algeria. Bernhardt was left behind to settle for the debts arising from Damala's addiction to drugs and prostitutes as well as her son's gambling.
In early 1883, she went to a tour in Scandinavia along with her lover, playwright Jean Richepin. Upon her return to Paris, she found that Damala was again living in her house. Bernhardt left Richepin and the couple reunited for a while; soon, however, the marriage deteriorated even further, due to Damala's extreme drug addiction and the final separation was to come. Allegedly, Bernhardt became so distraught over her husband while performing Ophelia on stage, in Italy, that she finished her part earlier, came off stage and said: ""That's it"". Soon after, she moved him out of the house and put him to a clinic. Six months later, he returned to her house again, much to the dismay of Richepin. Bernhardt tried to prevent the pharmacists from providing him with drugs and then put him again to a clinic and later to a hotel, in the outskirts of Paris. However, the two were not divorced and the marriage legally endured until Damala's death in 1889. Since Bernhardt was very strict with her Catholic views, she only opted for a semi-legal separation, which also settled that, in return for certain sums she sent to him on a monthly basis, he would never re-enter her life.
Life after separation and health deterioration.
Following his separation from Bernhardt, Damala attempted returning to the diplomatic world. His re-entrance in the diplomatic profession proved very hard for him, though, and he remained in the acting profession. That same year, in 1883, he performed the most memorable role of his career (save for Armand) as "Philippe Berlay" opposite Jane Hading in the stage adaptation of Georges Ohnet's novel, "Maître de Forges" ("Ironmaster"). The play was a great success and ran through the entire year in the Théâtre du Gymnase, in Marseille.
Damala starred in few memorable productions in the following years. He played the leading man (as "Jean Gaussin") in the comedy "Sapho", Alphonse Daudet's stage adaptation of his own novel, "Sapho, mœurs parisiennes", again with Hading as his partner. The play opened in the Gymnase in Paris, on 18 December 1885. Damala also participated in the stage adaptation of another Ohnet novel, "La Comtesse Sarah", in 1887.
Despite these few prolific plays, Damala was quickly forgotten or even deliberately ignored by the Parisian society, following his separation from the great diva. In March 1889, Bernhardt returned to Paris after a year-long European tour and receive a message from Damala who informed her that he was dying in Marseille and begged her to forgive him and take him back. The fact she had never stopped loving and caring for her husband was proved that very moment: she abandoned her performances in Paris, rushed to him and nursed Damala, whose health was wasted as a result of his longtime addiction. She took him in her house and after he recuperated, she cast him as her leading man in "La Dame aux Camélias". Damala promised to stop taking morphine and embarked on a European tour with Bernhardt (which also included Egypt). In truth, Damala's addiction to drugs became progressively worse. He continued using the drug and occasionally ridiculed himself, his clarity severely reduced from the morphine. On one occasion, he almost got arrested for exhibiting himself naked in the Hotel de Ville in Milan. Damala reprised his role as Armand but after a six-week run he collapsed and was carried in the hospital. Shortly before his death, he was offered another role by Bernhardt, in the play "Lena", at the Théâtre des Variêtés. Just after the second performance, he was considered incapable of playing the part, due to his now permanent lack of clarity and continuous influence from alcohol and drugs.
Illegitimate daughter.
On early 1889, Damala had also fathered a child with one of his mistresses, a theatre extra, who used to inject him with heroin, during intermissions. After his mistress gave birth to a baby girl, she placed the baby, in a basket, on Bernhardt's doorstep, together with a note. Bernhardt was furious to discover that Damala's illegitimate daughter was placed in her care and contemplated having the infant drowned on the river Seine. Bernhardt's servants attempted to notify Damala of his child, however, he was unable to contemplate the situation, due to severely reduced clarity (a result of his deep addiction). Thankfully, his daughter's life was saved by a friend of both Bernhardt and Damala, gun dealer and future tycoon Sir Basil Zaharoff, who proposed to take the child so that he could find a surrogate family for her. Eventually, the girl was baptised "Teresa" (1889–1967) and was raised in Adrianople, in Easter Thrace. 
The adventures of Damala's daughter (who had brief affairs with Ernest Hemingway and Gabriele D'Annunzio and posed as a model for Picasso in the early 1920s) were documented by Fredy Germanos in his historical novel "Teresa" (Greek: "Tερέζα", pronounced "Tereza"), published in 1997. The book also makes reference to Damala's Parisian life and mentions that Bernhardt remained in love with him until the end of her life. In fact, Bernhardt and Teresa Damala also met each other, years later.
Death.
Damala was found dead in Paris in 18 August 1889, in a hotel room, from an overdose of morphine and cocaine. The news of his death were concealed from Bernhardt until the time she had finished her performance. When she found out, she is cited as saying – presumably out of mercy for his condition – : ""Well, so much the better..."".
Bernhardt wore mourning for a year after Damala's death. She had legally adopted his surname (i.e. Sarah Bernhardt-Damala) but never renounced it, even after her husband's death, though this was not widely known. She kept "Damala" as her legal name until she died, though her decision caused her some troubles during World War I, when an officer in a consular office at Bordeaux refused to grant her a visa to her passport, due to the fact the latter was Greek (King Constantine of Greece was thought to support the German side during the war and the French state refused to grant visas to Greek passports). It took the intervention of the Minister of Interior for Bernhardt to have her visa granted.
Legacy.
He has been portrayed by three actors in film and television biopics of Sarah Bernhardt. He was portrayed by John Castle in the film "The Incredible Sarah" (opposite Glenda Jackson) on 1976, by Canadian actor Jean LeClerc in the TV movie "Sarah" (also 1976) and by Gonzalo Vega in the Mexican TV series "La Divina Sarah" (1980).
His younger sister, Eirene (ca 1857–?) had a brief affair with notorious American author and journalist Frank Harris, as recounted by the latter in his scandalous autobiography "My Life and Loves". Harris had met the Damala family in the summer of 1880, when they were all residents at the Hotel d'Athènes, in Athens. Harris and Eirene Damala (referred to in the book as "Mme M.") had a brief romantic/sexual affair, which Harris describes very graphically in his book. Eirene was estranged from her Scottish husband, who had left her and returned to England. Harris also befriended Aristides Damala and the two became even closer friends when they met again in Paris, some time later. Harris also recounts an incident, in Trieste, when Bernhardt publicly lashed out against her husband for his infidelities, to which Damala responded ""Madame, you will never again have the opportunity of calling me names"". He then returned to Paris. A disconsolate Bernhardt broke off the tour and also returned to the French capital and begged Harris to intervene so as for the reconciliation to come. Damala is cited as telling Harris of Bernhardt: ""A great talent, but a small nature and a foul tongue"".

</doc>
<doc id="5897198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897198" title="Friesack">
Friesack

Friesack is a town in the Havelland district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated northeast of Rathenow, and southwest of Neuruppin. It is known for its Mesolithic archaeological site.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5897211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897211" title="Viorel Mateianu">
Viorel Mateianu

Viorel Mateianu (1 June 1938 – 25 November 1997) was a Romanian football player and coach.
Mateianu was born in Lipănești, Prahova and died in Bucharest.
He is renowned as a coach for his interesting football experiment, "Morişca" ("The Hand-Mill"), in which the strikers and midfielders swap places during the game. Mateianu was experimental throughout his coaching career, in the process revolutionizing Romanian football. To him a football team was before anything else a family.
Playing career.
Mateianu was one of the finest playmakers of Romanian football during the 1960s, and was also noted for fair play during matches.
After playing for Flacăra Boldeşti and then Progresul Bucureşti as a youth, Mateianu made his debut at the senior level in 1957, aged 19, when he was enrolled in Progresul's first squad. After just one year he signed to Ştiinţa Cluj, returning to Progresul in 1963.
In 1970 Mateianu was allowed by the communist authorities to play in Western Europe. He was signed by the German team TUS Wannsee Berlin in the same year, and later transferred to Alemannia Aachen. He retired from professional football in 1973.
Mateianu won six caps for Romania, scoring twice.
Coaching career.
Just a few months after returning from Germany, Mateianu was given the role of head coach at his former club, Progresul Bucureşti, now playing in Liga II.
His first triumph as a coach came in 1976, when Progresul were promoted back to Liga I, but having failed to keep the team in the top league he was sacked in 1977.
After leaving Progresul, Mateianu returned to Liga II, taking over at FC Baia Mare. After just one season, his team was promoted to the top league and then enjoyed its golden era, finishing fourth in Liga I in 1978-79 and 1979-80. However, Mateianu was sacked during the 1980-81 season after a series of poor results.
After another short spell with Progresul in 1981, he was hired by Petrolul Ploieşti for the 1982-83 season and then by Progresul Brăila in the following season.
In 1985 he returned to Liga I after being requested by Jiul Petroşani, but was soon sacked for poor results. Returning to Bucharest, he took over Danubiana Bucureşti for a season, before being signed by FC Bihor in 1986. In 1987 he coached Drobeta-Turnu Severin for one season, before spending his last season as a coach, 1988–89, at FC Bihor.

</doc>
<doc id="5897227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897227" title="Frohburg">
Frohburg

Frohburg is a town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 11 km northeast of Altenburg, and 34 km southeast of Leipzig. It includes the village of Flößberg.
History.
During World War II, there was a satellite camp of Buchenwald concentration camp just outside the village of Flößberg. The slave labor camp was a factory of the Leipzig-based arms manufacturer, Hugo Schneider AG (HASAG).
Geography and Transport.
Geography.
Frohburg lies approximately halfway between Leipzig and Chemnitz, ca. 35 km south of Leipzig and 10 km south of Borna. The stream Wyhra flows through Frohburg.
Transport.
The B 95 runs through Frohburg. South of Frohburg it crosses the B 7. The train line Leipzig–Neukieritzsch-Chemnitz (served by Connex) also runs through the town. Frohburg has a direct connection to the A 72 (under construction).

</doc>
<doc id="5897229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897229" title="Beams (album)">
Beams (album)

Beams is the debut album by Australian electronic dance music duo The Presets, released on 12 September 2005.
Reception.
Allmusic called the album an "uneasy yet unforgettable combination of '80s gaudy pop flair and dark, propulsive rave beats". Pitchfork, on the other hand, gave it a low 3.7/10 rating, writing "the most frustrating thing about "Beams" is that Moyes and Hamilton both know better".
Certifications.
Even though the album didn't chart, it still managed to be certified with over 35,000 copies being sold since its release.

</doc>
<doc id="5897241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897241" title="Sevin Okyay">
Sevin Okyay

Sevin Okyay (Istanbul, 1942) is a Turkish literary critic, journalist, author, regular columnist and a prolific translator. Sevin had been a radio host and a teacher as well.
She is a graduate of the Arnavutköy American Girl's (High) School. During her youth she worked with Yildiz Moran, the first formally educated female photographer in Turkey. Okyay is best known for translating the Harry Potter books, and for her positive and appreciative criticism in "Radikal", a Turkish newspaper. Her son, Kutlukhan Kutlu, is also following his mother's footsteps and is accompanying her in translating the Harry Potter series.
Okyay has been translating since 1963. She started working as a journalist in 1976. She writes mainly about cinema, literature, jazz and sports. She is hailed as a milestone of modern translation in Turkey. She used to have two cats who were twins, named after the Weasley twins. A serious jazz aficionado, she was the host of a radio show in Turkey, and her playlist included mainly jazz standards.
Her Major Translation Work.
"Ilk Dünya Hikayeleri" YKY, 1999, ISBN 975-363-784-5
"Türkiye Tatlari", YKY, 1999, ISBN 975-363-909-0
"Yükseltin Tavan Kirisini, Ustalar ve Seymour - bir Giris", with Coskun Yerli, YKY, 1999, ISBN 975-363-318-1
"Hayvanlar Çiftliği", YKY 2000
"Harry Potter ve Sirlar Odasi", YKY 2001, ISBN 975-08-0295-0 
"Harry Potter ve Azkaban Tutsagi", with K. Kutlu, YKY 2001, ISBN 975-08-0311-6
"Harry Potter ve Ates Kadehi", with K. Kutlu, YKY 2001, ISBN 975-08-0331-0
"Fantastik Canavlar Nelerdir, Nerelerde Bulunurlar?", with Gül Sarioglu, YKY 2002, ISBN 975-08-0413-9
"Harry Potter ve Zümrüdüanka Yoldasligi", with K. Kutlu, YKY 2003, ISBN 975-08-0645-X
"Harry Potter ve Melez Prens", with K. Kutlu, YKY 2005, ISBN 975-08-0995-5

</doc>
<doc id="5897244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897244" title="We Remember Anarchy">
We Remember Anarchy

"We Remember Anarchy, 1993–2005" is a retrospective album and final release from the band Havalina. The band released the retrospective only as a digital album in M4A format, free for download, from their website.
The retrospective, which is too large to burn to one CD-R, has no official break to separate the first and second disc. The release also has no official artwork outside of one image on the band's website.
Nineteen of the songs come directly from the band's previous albums. Of the seven new tracks, two are live, four are previously unreleased*, and one is from a Tooth and Nail Records compilation**. No tracks were taken from "A Bullfighter's Guide to Space and Love".

</doc>
<doc id="5897245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897245" title="Protodiptera">
Protodiptera

Protodiptera is an extinct order of insects containing the two genera "Permotipula" and "Permila".

</doc>
<doc id="5897248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897248" title="Nova Scotia Route 252">
Nova Scotia Route 252

Route 252 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located on Cape Breton Island in Inverness County and connects Mabou at Trunk 19 with Whycocomagh at Highway 105.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5897260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897260" title="Timor Pony">
Timor Pony

The Timor Pony was developed on Timor Island, likely from Indian breeds of horses and ponies that were imported to the island. The Timor Pony is thought to be closely related to the Flores Pony, which was developed on nearby Flores Island. Both breeds are used by the local people for cattle work, as well as riding, driving, and light farm work. Many of these ponies have been exported to Australia, where they have had an influence on the breeding of the Australian Pony. 
Timor Ponies are strong, frugal, and agile, and have a quiet and willing temperament. The ponies have a narrow frame, short back, muscular neck, prominent withers, and a sloping croup. The shoulders tend to be straight, but the legs and feet are strong. The ponies usually stand 10 to 12 hands high (), and are usually brown, black, and bay, but a few are gray. The Flores Pony is usually around 12.1 hh and the dominant colors are bay and chestnut.
In addition to the Timor pony, there are eight other breeds native to the islands that make up Indonesia, the Batak Pony, Gayoe, Deli pony, Bali Pony, Java Pony, and three breeds so closely related that there is debate over whether they are one, two or three, the "Sumba and Sumbawa Pony" and the closely related Sandalwood Pony.
Sixty Timor Ponies that were imported into Australia formed the foundation of the Coffin Bay Pony breed that was developed in South Australia.
The Timor Pony is referenced in the poem The Man from Snowy River by Banjo Paterson, first published in 1890. 

</doc>
<doc id="5897270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897270" title="Fürstenberg/Havel">
Fürstenberg/Havel

Fürstenberg is a town in the Oberhavel district, in Brandenburg, Germany.
Until 1950, Fürstenberg was part of the former Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz
Geography.
Fürstenberg is situated on the River Havel, south of Neustrelitz, and north of Berlin.
The city lies at the southern edge of the Mecklenburg Lake District and is framed by the Röblinsee, Baalensee, and Schwedtsee lakes. The River Havel splits into several channels as it flows through the town, one of which contains a lock used by vessels navigating the river. The original town site was situated on an island between these channels.
Districts of Fürstenberg.
Fürstenberg consists of 9 districts:
Under Nazi rule.
Fürstenberg was the site of the Ravensbrück concentration camp, and a memorial now occupies the site.
Soviet military base.
Overrun by the Soviet Army in 1945, post-World War II they established the base of the 2nd Guards Tank Army of the Soviet Forces in Germany. In early 1959, three years before the Cuban Missile Crisis, the site was equipped with 6 of the R-5 "Pobeda" nuclear missiles, capable of launching from a mobile launcher from one of four tennis-court-sized sites capable of handling the larger R-12 "Dvina". Similar sites were set up at Vogelsang, Zehdenick and Lychen (1xpad). After the withdrawal of the missiles in September 1959, the site returned to its original purpose as a tank army base.
Since the formation of the countries in the GDR in 1990, Fürstenberg again belongs to the state of Brandenburg, and from 1993 became part of the newly formed district Oberhavel. The Russian Army troops were withdrawn from their former East German bases in 1994.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5897278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897278" title="Rendahl's messmate">
Rendahl's messmate

Rendahl's messmate, "Echiodon rendahli", is a pearlfish of the family Carapidae, found in the southwest Pacific Ocean around Australia and New Zealand at depths to 60 m. Its length is between 10 and 12 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="5897288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897288" title="Head over Heels (2001 film)">
Head over Heels (2001 film)

Head Over Heels is a 2001 American romantic comedy film directed by Mark Waters about a woman, Amanda Pierce (Monica Potter) living in New York City who works at Metropolitan Museum of Art restoring paintings.
Early in the film, she moves in with four supermodels and falls for a man living in an apartment that they can see across the street. After the models try to help Amanda get the man, they find out he might not be what he appears to be.
Plot.
Amanda Pierce (Monica Potter), a New York paintings conservator working at The Met, has very bad judgment in men which is proven when she walks in on her boyfriend cheating on her with a supermodel. Amanda begins looking for a new apartment and finds one with four struggling models, Jade (Shalom Harlow), Roxana (Ivana Miličević), Candi (Sarah O'Hare), and Holly (Tomiko Fraser). When Amanda discovers that Jim Winston (Freddie Prinze, Jr.), the guy she likes, lives in the apartment across from hers she starts spying on him to try to find his flaw. One night Amanda sees Jim kill a woman, Megan O'Brien (Tanja Reichert), and by the time the police arrive they don't believe Amanda because she is the only witness, and the evidence is gone. Annoyed about the police's lack of effort to find out what has really happened, Amanda and her new friends investigate on their own. When Amanda finds out about what she thinks is Jim's involvement with Megan's death, she confronts him. Amanda's judgment turns out to be wrong and Jim's (who turns out to be undercover cop, Bob Smoot, who was trying to gain Halloran's (Jay Brazeau) trust by staging his partner Megan's death) cover is blown. Amanda discovers that Jim is investigating Halloran, a Russian man who has been smuggling in money and who Amanda has been privately restoring a painting for. Later, Jim, Amanda and her roommates get captured but later escape when Roxana seduces their Russian guard and with the help of the models realize what Halloran was really doing, smuggling diamonds. Amanda, Jim (now Bob Smoot), and the models go to a fashion runway and take down Strukov. They are all awarded special commendations for meritorious service from the FBI. After the cops take care of things Jim asks Amanda if they can start over, but she refuses and Jim leaves. At the end Amanda and Jim (going by his real name Bob) "meet" again and the movie ends when Bob takes Amanda up to his new apartment and shows her the view, which turns out to be of Amanda and the models' apartment. Lisa and the models are jumping around happily while Bob and Amanda laugh. They kiss and close the curtains to his apartment window.
Reception.
The film opened on April 20, 2001 to largely negative reviews, receiving a 10% "Certified Rotten" rating at review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes with an average score of 3.4/10, based on 89 reviews. The website's consensus reads: ""Head Over Heels" is being blasted by critics as a huge mess. The plot and jokes are idiotic, while the toilet humor is gratuitous and more gross than funny." The movie has received a Metacritic aggregate rating of 27 out of 100 reviews, denoting "generally negative reviews" based on 25 reviews. Analyzing the individual performances in the film, Robert K. Elder of the "Chicago Tribune" wrote: "With her Julia Roberts-like vulnerability and kewpie-doll eyes,Potter certainly outshines Prinze, who doesn't deviate much from his past teen dream roles—though he's winsome just the same.
By most standards, the film was financially unsuccessful. Released on February 2, 2001, the film opened at #7 in 2,338 theaters and grossed $4,804,595 in the opening weekend at the North American box office. The final domestic grossing was $10.4 million while the foreign market grossed $2.7 million for a worldwide total of $13,127,022. Against its $14 million budget, the film was a flop.

</doc>
<doc id="5897295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897295" title="Furth im Wald">
Furth im Wald

Furth im Wald is a town in the District of Cham, in Bavaria, Germany, near the Czech border. It is situated in the Bavarian Forest, 16 km northeast of Cham, and 17 km southwest of Domažlice.

</doc>
<doc id="5897305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897305" title="Permotanyderidae">
Permotanyderidae

The permotanyderidaea are an extinct family of insects within the order Protodiptera.
Along with permotipulidaea (Permotipula and Permila, Willmann, 1989) and the robinjohniidaea (Robinjohnia, Scherbakov ET to., 1995), the somewhat more distantly related permotanyderidaea forms a group of mecopteroids of the Late Permian of Australia and Eurasia (250-260 Ma) that represents the older close relatives of the true flies. The first two genera had separate wings (presumably the front), while the last two have been created from complete specimens: The robinjohniidaea had four wings of about the same size, while the hind wings of the Choristotanyderus nanus (Permotanyderidae) specimens had a size of about half of the front, and the mesothorax was great. In all these genera the wing venation was low compared with other mecopteroids and close to the hypothetical original venation of the Diptera (Hennig, 1973; Willmann, 1989).

</doc>
<doc id="5897306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897306" title="Rencontre East">
Rencontre East

Rencontre East is a small, out port community in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada located north east of Belleoram, and west of Terrenceville in Fortune Bay. The population was 136 in September 2010. This small community is not connected to any surrounding areas by road but is accessible by scheduled ferry service. All of the roads are dirt and ATV s are the main source of transportation. The community uses breakwaters to hold the roads in place and keep the water from washing them away. The main industry is cod and lobster fishing. Rencontre East is the location of one of only a few molybdenum mines in Canada's history. The mine was located at Ackley City at Rencontre Lake just north of the town. The mine was closed with only two-thousand tonnes of mineral being exported. Since Newfoundland was then a part of the British Commonwealth, it was not permitted to export to the United States. The USA, at that point in WW1, was a neutral country, and ore would not be sent there, with the chance that it could be used against them, However, interest in the ore has resulted in new drilling planned for 2011 to determine if enough mineral can be found to possibly restart mining. The town has two grocery stores, a volunteer fire department, an all grade school and a community center. There are two churches, one Anglican (St. Stephens) and one Catholic (St. Josephs). The past decade in particular has seen the towns population decline sharply due to a large elderly demographic combined with a lack of industry to entice young people to stay. The school however has undergone some changes in recent years, a fitness room was constructed in 2008 and is used every day by the school children. The school also has a large playing surface outside which the students use often to play ball hockey, kick ball, and hold certain events. St. Stephen's All Grade school now has a total of just 19 students, from kindergarten to grade 12, which means a favorable student/teacher ratio and better possibilities to learn.
Rencontre East is a moderate tourism site in the summer, when people from all over travel to this little town for a view of the beautiful scenery and maybe even a trip to Rencontre Lake. During the summer months many residents go up Rencontre Lake to their cabins, there is no electricity and it truly is a beautiful place. In the summer there is also a small coffee shop opened just across from the government wharf where many people traveling on the ferry go to have a bite to eat. Aquaculture is proceeding in 2011, with the advent of Salmon farming. As the traditional Cod and Lobster fisheries are waning, mostly because it becoming uneconomical to do so and the age of the fishermen nearing that of retirement, modern fish farming will reverse the downturn of the town.
As of July, 2011, aquaculture in Rencontre East became fully operational, with more than 20 of the towns people working on the three sites. All together, there are more than 2 million salmon in the sites.

</doc>
<doc id="5897307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897307" title="H. C. Evans">
H. C. Evans

H. C. Evans & Company of Chicago was once a leading manufacturer of casino equipment and supplies - both honest and crooked - in the United States. It was established in 1892 and collapsed in 1955. It was succeeded by Evans Park & Carnival Device Corporation, which was still in business in June 1961 but no longer trades, and by Evans Supply Company, which was trading in 1962 but no longer trades.
In addition to casino equipment and supplies, the company manufactured and sold trade stimulators, pocket novelties, amusement park supplies, fair ground games and shooting galleries.
History.
Established in 1892, the firm was incorporated in 1907. By 1909 it was located at 125 Clark Street, Chicago, Illinois. By the 1920s, the firm had moved to 1528 W. Adams Street, Chicago, Illinois. In 1929 it claimed to be the oldest firm of its kind in existence and, with of office and factory space, the largest factory in the world engaged in the exclusive manufacture of the types of products for which it was known.
On April 26, 1944, a representative of the firm, Dick Hood, was appointed to a planning committee of the coin machine manufacturing industry. The committee was concerned with the transition of the coin machine factories from war production back to their former use. Mr Hood's contribution to the firm was acknowledged in its 1909 product range, which included ""The Dick Hood Cage the only perfect cage ever manufactured."".
In December 1948, the firm purchased the phonography inventory of Mills Novelty Company, a manufacturer of jukeboxes and then launched its first jukebox.
In about October 1953, the firm's President and Chief Executive Officer, Dick Hood, died.
In March 1954 the firm introduced its last coin operated console slot machine, named "Saddle and Turf". The firm collapsed less than a year later.
In 1961 Evans Park & Carnival Device Corporation was located at 1509 N. Halsted Street, Chicago 22, Illinois. Its catalogue included the Evans 'Herby' Kart supplied by Evans Supply Company of 794 Central Avenue, Highland Park, Illinois.
Crooked casino equipment.
From about 1914 the firm published a catalogue known as "The Secret Blue Book", which included details of crooked casino equipment supplied by the firm. By 1929 the catalogue had been discontinued because ""during the past several years this book has been copied and infringed upon by numerous unscrupulous individuals"".
The 1929 catalogue offered the firm's customers "special dice", "special prepared cards", and "electro magnets".
Special dice included staples such as white or transparent "filled dice" or "shaped percentage dice" but also items said to be proprietary to the firm: "tapping dice", "gravitation dice", "new idea crap dice" and "novelty dice".
In the case of special prepared cards, that is marked cards, the firm claimed to have been leaders in their manufacture since the end of 19th Century. The cards listed in the catalogue were "marked for size only"; to have the suit show as well cost a further 25 cents. Prepared cards also included "luminous readers" and the associated equipment ("ruby ray" glasses and visors or eye shades).
The firm's "Giant Electro Magnet" was promoted as "the latest development in electromagnetism for the control of dice". It was available as a separate component or incorporated in a regulation card table, and used with transparent "electric dice".
Pinball and other coin-op games.
Pinball and other coin-op games sold under the Evans brand included the following:
"Ski-Ball" was protected by United States patent No. 2,181,984, granted on 5 December 1939 to Joe H. Warner of Chicago, Illinois and assigned to Duane W. Price, also of Chicago.
However all 5 claims in that patent specify that they are for a bowling machine. This would be very easy to get around with a competing manikin based Skee Ball or golf machine.
Jukeboxes.
In December 1948, H. C. Evans purchased the complete phonography inventory of Mills Novelty Company of Chicago, a manufacturer of jukeboxes - including a model named the "Constellation" (model number 951). Mills had become financially troubled by January 1948. In 1949, H. C. Evans launched its first jukebox, also named the "Constellation" (model number 135). This was followed by the "Jubilee" (in 1952, model numbers 245 and 278), the "Century" (in 1953, model number 2045), and the "Holiday" (in 1953, model number 4045). In addition, a 50 select jukebox, the Evans Jewel, was introduced in 1954. Only one is known to exist at this time.
Karts.
A couple of karts were sold under the Evans brand. The first was the Evans "Special" (or "SPL"). The second was the Evans "Flyweight". The karts were known for their handling.

</doc>
<doc id="5897308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897308" title="Fichtelberg Railway">
Fichtelberg Railway

The Fichtelberg Railway (German: "Fichtelbergbahn") is a narrow gauge railway that leads from the standard gauge international line at Cranzahl to the ski resort of Oberwiesenthal in the Erzgebirge mountains in eastern Germany. It takes its name from the Fichtel Mountain near Oberwiesenthal.
History.
After the Zschopau Valley Railway from Chemnitz to Chomutov was opened in 1872, plans were made to also connect the former mining town of Oberwiesenthal to the Saxon Railway system. The requirements and qualifications to build a narrow gauge railway from Cranzahl were already fulfilled by 1884, but it wasn't until April 6 of 1896 that construction started. The railway opening took place on July 20, 1897. By the end of that year, 67,756 passengers (and 57 dogs) had already traveled on the new railway.
Passenger count increased in the following years, and tourism played an increasing role in the passenger count. Freight traffic also increased significantly. Until 1906, freight had to be transloaded in Cranzahl, since then transporter wagons made the extra cargo handling unnecessary. The biggest cargo customer - even until the mid-1990s - was the quarry in Hammerunterwiesenthal, requiring around 30 freight cars daily.
After 1990 the railway lost its status as the most important carrier into Oberwiesenthal (which is the highest town in Germany), and in 1992 freight service was terminated. After 1994, the Deutsche Bahn became the new owner, and planned to either dismantle the railway, or sell it.
For the 100 year anniversary, the communities along the track, together with the operators of the Pressnitz Valley Railway and the Lößnitzgrund Railway organized a fest week that drew 40,000 visitors. With different rolling stock of narrow gauge railways from all over Germany, a train schedule of extra and regularly scheduled trains meant that there was a train on the track almost every hour. Fun fairs along the track and historic trains ensured the success of the event.
New thinking started after the success of the event, and the district of Annaberg prepared the acquisition of the railway. On June 1, 1998, the operator BVO Bahn GmbH, since 2007 Saxon Steam Railway Company took over operations from the Deutsche Bahn, and renamed the railway to the catchier "Fichtelbergbahn". The new operator aligned operations with the tourism in the surrounding area, and within relative short time achieved country-wide recognition. Especially during the winter months the railway now has similar significance as in its heyday, as winter sports tourists in the towns of Neudorf and Cranzahl can reach the ski areas of Oberwiesenthal with ease and in style.
Track description.
The railway starts at the standard gauge station Cranzahl at of the Zschopautal Railway. The passenger trains start on the same platform as the standard gauge trains. The former freight yard and its loading ramp for the transporter flatcars is on the northern end of the station. The narrow gauge trains leave the station in a left turn and follow the right side of the Sehma valley through the village of "Neudorf".
The first stop is "Unterneudorf", next is "Neudorf". The following stop "Vierenstrasse" is a popular starting point for hiking into the Fichtelberg area. Leaving "Vierenstrasse", the track follows a long incline (1:33 or 3.03%) through the densely covered Fichtelberg forest. The next station "Kretscham-Rothensehma" is used to allow valley-bound trains to pass. The track continues to climb, reaching the watershed of the Pöhlbach river, arriving at the next stop of "Niederschlag".
The tracks now lead downward into the Pöhlbach valley, crosses the Bundesstrasse 95, and follows along the border to the Czech Republic uphill to the "Hammerunterwiesenthal" station. Leaving "Hammerunterwiesenthal", the valley becomes so narrow that there is only room for the state road and the railroad tracks, steep meadows on the right hand side, and a steep forest to the left that already belongs to the Czech Republic.
After the next stop "Unterwiesenthal", the track unwinds itself from the narrow valley, the Fichtelberg on the right, and the Klinovec to the left become visible. After crossing the federal route again, the railway leads over a long and high steel viaduct, and reaches the terminus of Oberwiesenthal at .
Train operations.
The SDG operates only steam powered passenger trains, which carry dining and baggage cars. Six train-pairs operate daily. On weekends, trains pass each other in the morning in Neudorf, otherwise trains pass in Hammerunterwiesenthal. The SDG uses steam engines of the DR Class 99.77-79, serial "099 772", "099 773", "099 785", "099 786" and "099 794".
Photo opportunities.
There are many nice photo opportunities along the railway. Notable are the trains passing each other in "Neudorf", the valley-bound train entering the "Kretscham-Rothensehma" station, the train making its way through "Hammerunterwiesenthal" with the church as backdrop, the ride through the Pöhlbach valley, and the train on the viaduct shortly before entering Oberwiesenthal.
The scenery is enhanced in the winter, when low temperatures increase the volume of steam from the locomotive, and snow covered forests alternate with small Erzgebirge villages displaying their typical Christmas decoration.

</doc>
<doc id="5897309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897309" title="M. F. Bowers">
M. F. Bowers

M.F. Bowers was sheriff of El Paso County, Colorado from 1894 to 1896. Prior to becoming sheriff, Bowers had been a saloon bouncer and a night marshal in the town of Altman, Colorado.
Bowers is known for assisting in an attempt to suppress a mine workers' strike. During the Cripple Creek miners' strike of 1894, Bowers attempted to get Governor Davis H. Waite to send in the state militia after the first day of the strike by wildly exaggerating the chaos in the Cripple Creek area. After 300 state troops arrived, Adjutant General T.J. Tarsney found the area calm and ordered his soldiers back to their barracks. Acting independently, Bowers then arrested the mayor and town marshal of Altman as well as a number of miners, in an attempt to crush the morale of the strikers, but a short trial acquitted them of any charges
Bowers later secretly met with mine owners, and agreed to receive a large sum of money to equip a force of 125 men to act as deputies. These men would protect a large force of strikebreakers soon to arrive in the area. News of the agreement soon leaked to the outraged miners. On May 25, 1894, the deputies attempted to raid a striker's camp atop Bull Hill but fled when a nearby mine was blown up. That night, the mine owners offered to pay for wages and equipment for another 1,200 deputies. Bowers agreed to raise the force, which he did by hiring rowdies from around the state of Colorado.
Governor Waite ordered the force of more than 1,300 deputies disbanded, but Bowers did not do so. A few days later, after an agreement had been reached ending the strike, Bowers had lost control of his paramilitary force. The 'deputies' turned on the local towns, terrorizing the citizens. Governor Waite ordered the state militia to restore law and order. As Bowers disputed control of the region with the general in charge of the state troops, the 'deputies' attempted to charge the miners' camp again. Only the quick intervention of the state militia prevented a bloodbath.

</doc>
<doc id="5897313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897313" title="Gammertingen">
Gammertingen

Gammertingen is a town in the district of Sigmaringen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 18 km north of Sigmaringen.

</doc>
<doc id="5897315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897315" title="Trojan Battle Order">
Trojan Battle Order

The Trojan Battle Order or Trojan Catalogue is an epic catalogue the second book of the "Iliad" listing the allied contingents that fought for Troy in the Trojan War. The catalogue is noted for its deficit of detail compared to the immediately preceding Catalogue of Ships, which lists the Greek contingents, and for the fact that only a few of the many Trojans mentioned in the Iliad appear there.
Historicity question.
Structurally the Trojan Battle Order is evidently inserted to balance the preceding Catalogue of Ships. It is, however, much shorter. Denys Page summarizes the prevailing explanation that "the Catalogues are substantially Mycenaean compositions rather expanded than altered by the Ionians" . Noting that the Greek catalogue occupies 265 lines but the Trojan catalogue only 61, Page wonders why the Ionian authors know so little about their native land and concludes they are not describing it but are reforming poetry inherited in oral form from Mycenaean times .
Some examples of Mycenaean knowledge are :
There is also some internal evidence that the Trojan catalogue was not part of the "Iliad" but was a distinct composition pre-dating the Trojan War and incorporated later into the "Iliad" :
Page cites several more subtle instances of the disconnectedness of the Trojan catalog from the "Iliad"; neither is it connected to the catalog of Greek forces. Another like it appears in the "Cypria" .
The catalogue in detail.
The catalogue lists sixteen contingents from twelve different ethnonyms under 26 leaders . They lived in 33 places identified by toponyms.
Analyses.
The list includes the Trojans themselves, led by Hector, and various allies. As observed by G. S. Kirk, it follows a geographical pattern comparable to that of the Greek catalogue, dealing first with Troy, then with the Troad, then radiating outwards on four successive routes, the most distant peoples on each route being described as "from far away".. The allied contingents are said to have spoken multiple languages, requiring orders to be translated by their individual commanders. Nothing is said of the Trojan language; the Carians are specifically said to be barbarian-speaking, possibly because their language was distinct from the contemporaneous lingua franca of western Anatolia.
The classical Greek historian Demetrius of Scepsis, native of Scepsis in the hills above Troy, wrote a vast study of the "Trojan Battle Order" under that title (Greek "Trōikos diakosmos"). The work is lost; brief extracts from it are quoted by Athenaeus and Pausanias, while Strabo cites it frequently in his own discussion of the geography of northwestern Anatolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5897318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897318" title="SSSM">
SSSM

SSSM can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5897320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897320" title="Rencontre West, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Rencontre West, Newfoundland and Labrador

Rencontre West is a village located northeast of Ramea, Newfoundland and Labrador. The population was 186 in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="5897324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897324" title="WAPE (defunct)">
WAPE (defunct)

WAPE (AM), 690 kHz, Jacksonville, Florida, was a Top 40 radio station with a powerful signal, covering a large area along the East Coast of the United States, during daylight hours. Its 690 kHz 50-kW daytime/25-kW nighttime frequency is now occupied by WOKV, owned by Cox Radio.
The station, known as The Big Ape, debuted March 1, 1958 with 25,000 watts, operating sunrise to sunset only. WAPE’s almost unequaled daytime coverage area was a result of several factors... the frequency (AM stations on lower frequencies cover far more territory than those on higher frequencies during the day), the location of the tower near the coast (AM signals travel much greater distances over salt water than over land), and the power (25,000 watts packs a lot of punch... not too much less than 50,000 watts). The result was a station with strong coverage from Daytona Beach, Florida, to Charleston, South Carolina, and a very audible signal from Cape Canaveral, Florida, to Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. In the mid '60s, WAPE further solidified its position by increasing daytime power to 50,000 watts and began broadcasting 24 hours a day.
Brennan Broadcasting overview.
WAPE was owned by Brennan Broadcasting, a group behind three other high-powered stations in Alabama and Tennessee. These included WVOK, Birmingham (50,000 watts, daytime only and also on 690), WBAM, Montgomery (50,000 watts, daytime only on 740, known as Big Bam, now 10,000 watt WMSP) and Chattanooga’s WFLI, located at Lookout Mountain, Tennessee, (originally 10,000 watts, later 50,000 watts on 1070, known as "JET-FLI" - pronounced as "Jet-Fly"). The Brennan brothers included Bill Brennan, who, to a great extent oversaw the stations from a business end while providing major contributions from a technical perspective, Program Director Dan Brennan (also a strong air talent in his own right) and engineer Cyril Brennan. Partner Billy Benns, Jr., a man with strong engineering skills, was an important part of this team, as well. While the Brennans were mostly responsible for WAPE, WVOK and WBAM, Benns was more responsible for the overall operation of WFLI (the only station among the group that operated both day and night, from the outset). The Brennans actually built the tower sections for both WVOK and WAPE’s towers and for WBAM’s tower. They also designed and built the transmitters and created the very contemporary building designs of the WAPE, WBAM and WFLI studio buildings. 
The Brennan transmitters (two of which were water-cooled from fountains near their outside swimming pools) were capable of transmitting a rich, full sound that almost jumped out of the radio and was much louder in weak signal areas than other stations with similar power. Billy Benns, Jr. did the complicated engineering work required to design the WFLI “nighttime pattern” (allowing the station to operate after sunset on a congested dial position). This approach, in which members of a tight-knit team handled design, technical and programming details, required extensive and wide-ranging knowledge plus a major hands-on commitment. This was very unusual in radio, even at that more entrepreneurial time.
The facility.
Late 1960s WAPE afternoon personality John Ferree recalls, “I knew that Big Ape had a swimming pool, but I was astounded when I drove up and found much more than the usual utilitarian spaces that most stations occupied. This place was built for radio and it was obvious that it was built by someone who had some class. There was a parking lot on the left (facing the building) of the pool. To enter the station, you walked up onto the apron of the pool, and along a curved canopied walkway to the large glass doors. The right side of the building was a curved arc of white stone with tropical landscaping. 
The pool was an organically shaped structure that narrowed where it passed under the long glass front wall into the beautifully laid flagstone floor of a large lobby. The pool had a high diving board and a separate low diving board. The framework for the metal canopy and the diving boards was of bent steel tubing painted sky blue. Impressive!
The lobby of the building was paneled in real wood… no cheap panelling for the Brennans, finished in a medium dark natural stain. Upon entering the lobby through the glass doors, to the right (around the shallow end of the pool) was a large glass window with the disc jockey looking out from over the control board. To the left of the control room window, there was a glass door that provided access to the transmitter room. Passing through that door, you saw the transmitter in front of you, the transmitter control console to your left, and another glass door (this one into the control room) on your right. About halfway down the long paneled lobby wall was a door into the production room. The offices were straight ahead of you when you entered the building. They were also behind a glass wall. Everything was open and airy.
The transmitter and control boards were all custom made… not just the internal electronics but also the visible surfaces… made of grooved gold anodized aluminum. I had never seen a board with sliding pots before are potentiometers… volume control “buttons” or faders, on a sliding scale used to control loudness of songs, commercials, etc. In those days, pots were usually a round knob, turned with the wrist. The control board started at desk height, with the sliding pots right at your fingertips, then curved up and away from you with the VU meters and toggle switches [to turn pots off and on mounted higher on the board. The jocks were surrounded by glass with views outside to the pool, into the lobby, and into the transmitter room. The entire front of the transmitter was of the gold anodized aluminum with glass portals looking into the huge tubes. 
There really was a hidden door into Brennan’s private quarters. Someone had to show it to me. It was, as I recall, one of the wood panels that was somehow hinged to pivot open if you knew where the key was and how to do it. The door was to the left as you entered the business offices. I went in there briefly once or twice… probably to help carry something, but it was his private quarters and we respected his privacy. The suite, as I recall, was two large rooms, a living room and bedroom, both fully and immaculately furnished and beautifully lighted with indirect fixtures. I don’t recall that the private suite had any windows.”
The early years.
Although there were differences in the on-air presentations of each of the Brennan stations, there were more similarities. For many years, none of them used jingles (the short station "songs" played between records, with lyrics such as "77, WABCeeee", "WMCA, Yeah Yeah", "Music Radio, WLS" or "93, KHJ"). Especially prior to the British Invasion, the stations' playlists were quite deep and unorthodox, delving into deeper R&B than most stations while simultaneously playing large percentages of Country crossover (songs that were acceptable to both country and Top 40 listeners). 
Air talent was generally more low-key on the Brennan stations than on typical Top 40's, projecting a warm, friendly, “real” attitude, without a lot of hype. Many of them were very good at what they did. They were bigger than life. Colorful word pictures and a sense of shared experience were definitely a part of the equation. Each of these stations was designed to serve a large, and largely rural, area. Typically, they might not be rated #1 in the Metro (the city and the counties closest to the city), but showed strong ratings in the overall area... Their greatest strength was in the outlying areas. For many listeners, these stations were a musical lifeline... the one radio station that provided a strong signal and played the music they liked. 
Although WAPE signed on in the morning and off in the late afternoon with a short, fast-paced Star Spangled Banner, both WVOK and WBAM used a short, fast-paced Dixie. Dan Brennan hosted the pre-recorded "Dan's Dusty Discs" at 4:00 on all the Brennan stations… 30 minutes of oldies, with no commercial interruption. In the late 1950s and early 1960s, The Mighty 690 carried shorter newscasts and longer weather forecasts than most Top 40's (Leroy Cumbie was News Director, from 1958 until 1970). Dan Brennan was the station’s voice on station “drops”… with phrases like, “Every hour on the hour, the Big Ape scans the Weather Eye”, “Here’s a hit from the past that will always last” and “From the Big Ape Hall of Fame” (this one was always followed by a Country classic). Ken Fuller handled mornings (and served as Program Director) for some time, Jack Mock did mid-days and station star Dino Summerlin held down afternoons. Ken Rogers held down late afternoons (till sign off) during the summer months. Saturday and Sunday afternoons (from 3 to sign off) and was the host of the weekend pool party counting down the current top 40 hits. Other Big Ape alumni from the early years included Ted Jones, Bobby Dee, Bert James, Barry Kryspin, Cliff Hall, Jr., future Sales Manager Jim Atkins and former WBAM personalities Jimmie Adams and Charlie Herman. For years, WAPE had fewer commercials than other stations in the region, although this was certainly not part of the strategic plan. 
WAPE featured the notorious and distinct Ape Call, a Tarzan-like yell taken from a 1956 song by Nervous Norvus. The Ape Call identified and branded WAPE more effectively than any radio station's jingles (almost fifty years later, WAPE-FM still uses The Ape Call at the top of almost every hour). Each summer, listeners looked forward to the Big Ape Convention, sometimes called the Big Ape Shower of Stars. These Saturday afternoon concerts featured an incredible lineup of the biggest stars of the day (with much of the lineup duplicated at shows in Birmingham and Montgomery). Another summertime feature of The Big Ape was the weekend pool parties. The pool attracted crowds who often became part of the on-air entertainment. WAPE was a major force in radio for listeners in Savannah, Charleston and Myrtle Beach. The station had billboards along the main north-south highway, US 17 in Georgia and South Carolina, wherever the road ran near the coast. The boards were short and distinctive, a cutout of the Ape holding a sign with the words "WAPE, 690… 500 Miles of Music". 
The Big Ape followed its own path. When President John F. Kennedy was assassinated, radio stations in every format played only beautiful music (elevator music) and many dropped all commercials. Day and night, for three days, there was no rock ‘n roll on the radio, from WPDQ, Jacksonville, WQAM, Miami, WLOF, Orlando, WLCY, Tampa, not even from the New York City and Chicago stations. Big Ape covered it on the news, but stayed “in format” otherwise. The music played on.
Mid 1960s evolution.
In 1963(?), WAPE was given permission to increase its daytime signal strength to 50,000 watts. Not long after, they were granted Federal Communications Commission (FCC) authority to broadcast at night. As AM signals can carry much greater distances after sunset, WAPE’s nighttime signal was greatly restricted, to avoid interfering with other stations on 690 in the US, Canada and Cuba, as well as stations in Mexico and the Caribbean. The nighttime signal was “directional” to the East, with 10,000 watts from a brand new transmitter location near Baldwin, just west of Jacksonville (the signal was required to be concentrated over the city of Jacksonville, with almost no signal to the north, south or west). This meant much of the loyal fan base was unable to hear the new, more marginal nighttime signal, even in areas as close as Ponte Vedra and Fernandina Beach. 
As it turned out, this was a setup for the second stage of the Brennan-era Big Ape. The British Invasion (beginning in 1964) was a time of adjustment for the station, which had successfully built a Country/Pop/Rock 'n Roll coalition (using Rock ‘n Roll and Pop mixed with the “crossover” Country songs popular with rural Southern Rock ‘n Roll fans). This proved increasingly difficult to maintain as time went on, as the late 1960s were much more musically polarized than the first half of the decade. It was obvious that the station was in transition during this period… attempting to maintain what had been a successful formula. Popular on-air staff Dino Summerlin left for Top 40 competitor WPDQ, already #1 in the Metro. Airstaff lineup changes didn’t work out. The Big Ape, which had been the station most willing to flex musical attitude, now sometimes seemed the tamest. Perhaps WAPE was in danger of slipping off the radar, for a time. 
Ike Lee, Chief Engineer of WAPE from its inception, was well respected by the Brennans and highly influential in the decision-making process. According to Ike, who died in 1981 and long time News Director Leroy Cumbie, this period resulted in discussions as to the future direction of The Big Ape... with serious consideration given to flipping the station to a Country format. Fortunately, for a lot of its listeners, that direction was not taken.
The late 1960s.
In early 1967, Jim Shirah, who had grown up in Daytona Beach and worked in Daytona and Orlando, was brought in from WIRK, West Palm Beach, to do mid-days. After Jim took the ratings for his show from #16 to # 1 in a single ratings period, Ike Lee recommended to the Brennans that Jim be appointed Program Director and morning host. Shirah, who was 23, had been listening to the Big Ape since it hit the air. He was given complete freedom to put his vision on the radio and assembled a strong and varied lineup. The “In-Men” fronted an audience-driven radio station that successfully incorporated highly diverse elements… maintaining continuity and heritage, while taking on a hipper, late '60s attitude and significantly embracing what could easily have been polarizing rock from The Doors, Cream, Deep Purple and Eric Burdon and the Animals. WAPE took chances on songs like 'I Love You' from The People, 'Mechanical World' from Spirit, 'I Love You More Than You’ll Ever Know' from (Al Kooper’s original) Blood, Sweat and Tears and 'I Put A Spell On You' from the Alan Price Set. The Big Ape featured local bands like Mouse and the Boys and (future Allman Brothers Band heavyweight Dickie Betts’) Second Coming. 
The music list became The Tuff Thirty (tuff, not to be confused with “tough”, was a popular word at the time, meaning cool). Shirah added high-quality “PAMS” jingles to the station and stepped up the showbiz qualities. As Jim put it, “listening to the Ape then was like listening to 5 different stations. I loved Elvis (still do) and played his stuff. Dale was more into country, so he sneaked in Dolly and Tammy. Alan loved Cream, The Doors and other "head" music of the time, and Honest John loved the Beatles and played lots of their stuff. Ron Wayne liked oldies and local bands, so he leaned on them.” The truth is, Jim knew the heritage and understood the people in the market. The station was coherent... to the listeners. 
WAPE featured Jim Shirah from 6 to 9 a.m., Dale Kirby (formerly an assistant engineer), from 9 to noon, Music Director Alan Sands (from WIRK) until 3 and Honest John Ferree (from Daytona’s WMFJ) ‘till 7:00… with Dan Brennan’s "Dan's Dusty Discs" from 4 to 4:30. Ron Wayne (formerly of WPDQ) covered 7 to midnight and Tom Clark (of WLOF, Orlando) handled overnights. When the Big Ape In-Men made an appearance in Waycross or Savannah, they were celebrities. These were heady days for the Big Ape, which soon dominated the Metro, as well as the outlying area. Honest John Ferree recalls three ratings periods in a row in which more than 30% of the listeners were tuned to WAPE. By no means was Jacksonville without serious competition, either… WPDQ always sounded strong. The downside was a dramatic increase in commercials (even in the customized Jacksonville-only version of Dan’s Dusty Discs), plus five-minute newscasts. No doubt, though, The Big Ape was cool again. The ratings were strong throughout the late ‘60s. It looked as if nothing could stop The Big Ape.
The end of an era, however, was just around the corner. Bill Brennan died in a plane crash in 1968. After a time, the Brennan and Benns families divided up the stations, with the Brennans owning WBAM and 50% of WVOK. The Benns family now owned WFLI outright, plus 50% of WVOK. The decision was made to sell WAPE. In April 1970, Stan and Sis Kaplan (owners of WAYS, Charlotte) bought the radio station. The entire airstaff, with the exception of Honest John Ferree, was out. John stayed only a few months. A new phase began for WAPE.
The early to late 1970s 690 WAPE continued to dominate the Jacksonville airwaves with Program Director Bill Burkett, 690 WAPE lineup included (Mornings), Larry Dixon (Dixon and Nixon) with Alan Moore Morning News, (Middays) Tom Murphy, (Afternoons) Cleveland Wheeler (Nights) King Kong Kirby, Weekend air-shifts included Nick Sommers (Nick Sommers Productions) Don Gatlin and many more up and coming Broadcast Legends, In 1975, The Greaseman Joined 690 WAPE as morning anchor replacing Larry Dixon as morning host,

</doc>
<doc id="5897332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897332" title="Alexander Comyn, Earl of Buchan">
Alexander Comyn, Earl of Buchan

Alexander Comyn, 2nd Earl of Buchan (died 1289) was a Scoto-Norman magnate who was one of the most important figures in the 13th century Kingdom of Scotland. He was the son of William Comyn, jure uxoris Earl of Buchan, and Marjory, Countess of Buchan, the heiress of the last native Scottish Mormaer of Buchan, Fergus. During his long career, Alexander was Justiciar of Scotia (1258–89), Constable of Scotland (1275–89), Sheriff of Wigtown (1263–66), Sheriff of Dingwall (1264–66), Ballie of Inverie (in Knoydart) and finally, Guardian of Scotland (1286–89) during the first interregnum following the death of King Alexander III. In 1284 he joined with other Scottish noblemen who acknowledged Margaret of Norway as the heiress to King Alexander. He died sometime after 10 July 1289.
Alexander had at least nine children with his wife, Elisabeth, daughter of Roger de Quincy, 2nd Earl of Winchester:

</doc>
<doc id="5897335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897335" title="Gospođinci">
Gospođinci

Gospođinci () is a village in the municipality of Žabalj, in the South Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population is 3,896 (2002 census).
Name.
Its name derived from the Serbian word "gospođa" ("lady" in English). In Serbian, the village is known as Госпођинци or "Gospođinci", in Croatian as "Gospođinci", in Hungarian as "Boldogasszonyfalva", and in German as "Frauendorf".
Features.
This is a typical Vojvodinian village with its inhabitants mostly working in agriculture or in the capital of Vojvodina, Novi Sad. Most of the village streets are straight from one end to another with houses built one next to the other. As it is typical with most of the villages in Vojvodina, the houses, most of which were built before the 1980s, have only one floor and a big attic. Also the majority of the properties are divided into "first" and "second" yards by small fences with gates, with gardens at the very back. First yards are, mostly, lawns, while second yards are used for barns, agricultural machine and equipment storage and, sometimes, poultry growing. Gardens are used for growing potatoes, tomatoes and other vegetables. Apple and peach trees, among others, are very common.
History.
From the time of the Roman Empire just outside the village, on the west, lies the trench which Romans have used for transport. During the Ottoman rule (16th–17th centuries), the village of Gospođinci was populated by ethnic Serbs. During the Habsburg rule in the 18th and 19th century, the village belonged to the Military Frontier province (the Šajkaš Battalion section).
Since 1918, the village was part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes and subsequent South Slavic states. During the Hungarian Axis occupation, in a 1942 raid, 85 inhabitants of the village were murdered, of whom there were 47 men, 19 women, 15 children, and four old people. By nationality, the victims included 73 Serbs, 10 Jews, and two Rusyns.
Historical population.
As the data from 1981 to 1991 shows, the village had greater mortality rate then natality, which was, and still is, the main problem in whole of Vojvodina, due to dropping of standard caused by the death of Josip Broz Tito, and the communists ideals, which led to escalating crisis in former SFR of Yugoslavia. However, the data from 1991 to 2002 shows population increase caused by the Serb refuges from Bosnia and Croatia who settled in the village during the Yugoslav wars. 

</doc>
<doc id="5897336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897336" title="Charles Cumming-Bruce">
Charles Cumming-Bruce

Charles Lennox Cumming-Bruce (20 February 1790 – 1 January 1875), was a Scottish Conservative politician. He was the second son of Sir Alexander Cumming-Gordon, 1st Baronet, and in 1820 married Mary Elizabeth Bruce, the only daughter of James Bruce.
He served as the Member of Parliament for the Inverness Burghs constituency from 1831 to 1837 - being re-elected in 1834 with a majority of only four votes, and for Elginshire and Nairnshire from 1840 to 1868.
Cumming-Bruce's only child Elizabeth Mary Cumming-Bruce married James Bruce, 8th Earl of Elgin.

</doc>
<doc id="5897353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897353" title="Court Hill">
Court Hill

Court Hill () is a 10.45 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the town of Clevedon, North Somerset, England; notified in 1997.
It is a Geological Conservation Review Site because it is the only example in southern England of an ice marginal col-gully cut by glacial meltwater and infilled by a variety of glacial sediments. The Pleistocene deposits include gravels, boulder-beds, sands, and till, overlain by cover sands with erratics of flint and Greensand chert. It has also yielded a number of Jurassic and Cretaceous foraminifera (micro fossils).
Clevedon Court is a manor house on the side of Court Hill, dating from the early fourteenth century. It is now owned by the National Trust. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="5897355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897355" title="Nova Scotia Route 255">
Nova Scotia Route 255

Route 255 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality beginning in Glace Bay at Trunk 28 and continuing along Commercial Street through the downtown area then southeast on Brookside Street exiting the town. Route 255 continues through the communities of Port Morien, Homeville, and Mira Gut, where it turns in a westward direction through Hornes Road to link with Trunk 22. Route 255 is part of the Marconi Trail which runs from Glace Bay to Louisbourg.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5897361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897361" title="London Buses route 29">
London Buses route 29

London Buses route 29 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Wood Green and Trafalgar Square, it is operated by Arriva London.
History.
Today's route 29 traces its history back to a daily route between Victoria and Wood Green via Whitehall, Charing Cross Road, Camden Town, Seven Sisters Road and Green Lanes, Harringay, which began operation on 20 November 1911.
By 1949, the route had been extended northwards to serve South Mimms, travelling on from Wood Green via Palmers Green, Southgate, Cockfosters, Hadley Wood and Potters Bar. At peak hours on weekdays the route extended further to Borehamwood. This was changed in 1951 so the route terminated at the Elstree Way Hotel instead of Borehamwood. Additional journeys on Tuesdays, Thursdays and weekends were introduced in 1953, serving Clare Hall Hospital. Three years later, the service was withdrawn from Potters Bar and South Mimms, only to be reinstated after a hiatus of just three months.
The route was changed again in 1968, with the Monday to Saturday service from Southgate northwards being replaced by new route 298. Route 29 did, however, continue north from Southgate to Cockfosters station at peak hours on weekdays. The Sunday service between Southgate and South Mimms was replaced two years later by new route 299. Late journeys on Monday to Saturday were also changed to terminate at The Triangle in Palmers Green at this time.
In 1977, the Southgate portion of the route was withdrawn completely, with the route instead continuing northwards from Palmers Green through Winchmore Hill to Enfield Town. The route continued to operate between Victoria and Enfield Town for the next 14 years, being served by a fleet of AEC Routemasters operating out of Palmers Green garage. 
In 1988, the route was converted to single person double deck operation. A proposal by Capital Citybus to operate the route with tri-axle double deck buses in 1991 was rejected by London Regional Transport, then in charge of tendering the route, and it was retained by incumbent operator Leaside Buses. In 2002 the route was converted again to low floor operation. 
The route was extended in 1990 for early mornings on Monday to Saturday, serving Enfield Garage, complementing route 107. Further alterations were made to the route over the next two years. In 1991 the Victoria to Trafalgar Square section of the route was withdrawn, and in 1992 the Palmers Green to Enfield section was withdrawn, leaving the route operating between Trafalgar Square and Palmers Green. A new route 329 was introduced to link Palmers Green, Winchmore Hill and Enfield.
Route 29 was further shortened in 2006 when the service was withdrawn between Wood Green and Palmers Green, with route 141 being extended from Wood Green to terminate at Palmers Green to compensate. On 14 January 2006, Mercedes-Benz O530G articulated buses were introduced. It was reported that operation of the route by articulated vehicles cost around £1.6 million more per year than double-deck operation.
In April 2006, the route's stop in Tottenham Court Road was relocated and a bus lane extended to provide more space for passengers and vehicles.
On 26 November 2011, route 29 was converted back to double deck operation using new Wright Gemini 2 bodied VDL DB300s and Wright Eclipse Gemini bodied Volvo B7TLs.
In July 2013, brand new Wright Eclipse Gemini 2 bodied Volvo B5LHs were introduced. On 5 and 6 February 2014, nine AEC Routemasters were used on the route during a London Underground strike.
Route.
Night bus route N29 follows a same route as the 29, but is extended to and from Palmers Green and Enfield Town.
Today.
The route is noted for its high crime rate, and in January 2008 was London's third most dangerous bus route, according to figures released by Transport for London. In February 2010 police presence on the route was increased. This followed a similar increase in early 2005 which had focussed on antisocial behaviour and illegal parking along the route.

</doc>
<doc id="5897362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897362" title="Sarasaviya Best Film Award">
Sarasaviya Best Film Award

The Sarasaviya Best Film Award is presented annually in Sri Lanka by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited at the Sarasaviya Awards Festival for the best Sri Lankan movie of the year.
The award was first given in 1964 . Following is a list of the winners of this prestigious title since then.

</doc>
<doc id="5897364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897364" title="Inventor of Evil">
Inventor of Evil

Inventor of Evil is the ninth full-length album by the German thrash metal band Destruction, released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5897365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897365" title="Kamendol">
Kamendol

Kamendol (Serbian Cyrillic: Камендол) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in the Belgrade's municipality of Grocka.
Kamendol is located in the eastern part of the municipality, near the border of the municipality of Grocka (and the City of Belgrade) and municipality of Smederevo (and the Podunavlje District). It is 10 km away from the municipal seat of Grocka, and over 40 km east of Belgrade. Kamendol is halfway on the Brestovik-Umčari road, which connects the road of "Smederevski put" and Belgrade-Niš highway.
Kamendol is a small, depopulating village (population of 1,372 in 1991 and 1,067 in 2002). The name of the village is Serbian for the 
"rock valley".

</doc>
<doc id="5897366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897366" title="HNLMS De Zeven Provinciën (C802)">
HNLMS De Zeven Provinciën (C802)

The HNLMS "De Zeven Provinciën (C802)" was a De Zeven Provinciën class cruiser with eight 152 mm cannons in double turrets, 8 × 57 mm and 8 × 40 mm machine guns. The rear turret was replaced in 1962 with a RIM-2 Terrier SAM system. She was 185.7 m long, had a beam of 17.25 m and a draft of 6.85 m. She displaced 12,250 t and could achieve a speed of . She had a crew of 957.
Construction started in 1939 as the HNLMS "Kijkduin", but was interrupted by World War II. She was renamed to HNLMS "Eendracht" in 1940 and HNLMS "De Ruyter" in 1945. Her sister ship was launched in 1944 as the HNLMS "De Zeven Provinciën", but the ships swapped to their final names in 1950. She was completed in 1953 and served the Royal Netherlands Navy from 1950 to 1977. She was sold to Peru in August 1976 and was renamed BAP Aguirre (CH-84) on 24 February 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="5897376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897376" title="The Diamond in the Fish">
The Diamond in the Fish

The Diamond in the Fish is a studio album by the American eclectic rock band Havalina Rail Co., released 1996. 
In his KPSU radio interview with Dave Cusik, Matt Wignall described the album: "We were experimenting with idea of like playing jazz, which incidentally, we kinda sucked at. And found out why most of the time all good jazz players are over fifty, 'cause it takes that long to get good at it."
Notes.
An alternate version of "Dominique's Library" appeared on the Tooth And Nail Records sampler "Art Core Vol. 1".
The songs "Banditos" and "The Diamond in the Fish" were later rerecorded for the retrospective "We Remember Anarchy".

</doc>
<doc id="5897377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897377" title="Red Island, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Red Island, Newfoundland and Labrador

Red Island is located about 12 miles northwest of Placentia, Newfoundland and Labrador in Placentia Bay. It had five families in 1864, and had a population of approximately 350 in the 1945 census1. The village of 283 was depopulated in October 1968, during the Provincial Government's Resettlement Program. In modern times, many people have cabins there and use it as a summer retreat.

</doc>
<doc id="5897383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897383" title="WAPE">
WAPE

WAPE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5897392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897392" title="Joe Tasker">
Joe Tasker

Joe Tasker (12 May 1948 – 17 May 1982) was one of the most talented British climbers during the late 1970s and early 1980s. Born into a traditional Roman Catholic family, he was one of ten children and spent his early childhood in Port Clarence, Middlesbrough then attended Ushaw Seminary, County Durham between the ages of 13 and 20, in training to become a priest. Fascinated by a book recounting harrowing tales of tragic attempts to climb the North Face of the Eiger, he started climbing in a nearby quarry in 1966.
After leaving the seminary he first worked as a dustman before studying sociology at Manchester University. He improved his climbing skills during this time, graduating from rock climbing in Britain to harder routes in the Alps.
His regular climbing partner was Dick Renshaw, whom he had met at university. Together they climbed the North Face of the Eiger in the winter of 1975. This was followed later that year by the first ascent of the South-East ridge of Dunagiri (7066m) in the Gharwal Himalayas. Running out of food and fuel on the descent, they were lucky to survive, although Dick Renshaw suffered frostbite in his fingers.
His first ascent in 1976 of the West Face of Changabang (6864m), which neighboured Dunagiri, saw his first partnership with Peter Boardman, and was widely acclaimed as a bold, magnificent feat of mountaineering. Both he and Boardman were invited to the K2 expedition led by Chris Bonington in 1978, which was abandoned after Nick Estcourt was killed in an avalanche. Following an unsuccessful attempt on Nuptse in the autumn of 1978, a small team consisting of Tasker, Boardman, and Doug Scott made an ascent of Kangchenjunga (at 8,598 m the third highest mountain in the world) by a new route from the North-West in 1979 (with Georges Bettembourg also on the team but not making the summit). A second attempt on K2 and a difficult Winter assault on the West Face of Everest both ended unsuccessfully. 
In 1980, he met Maria Coffey, the girlfriend who wrote about her grief following his death in "Fragile Edge" (ISBN 0-89886-737-1). In 1981, he was part of the British team which made the first ascent of Kongur (7,649 m) in China, accompanied by Chris Bonington, Peter Boardman and Al Rouse. He disappeared with Boardman on 17 May 1982 on the North-East Ridge of Everest. The body of Peter Boardman was found in 1992, resting near the second pinnacle in the extremely difficult area of the "Three Pinnacles" on the middle north east ridge of Mt. Everest, but the body of Joe Tasker is still missing.
The Boardman Tasker Prize for Mountain Literature was founded in memory of the two climbers.

</doc>
<doc id="5897393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897393" title="United States presidential election in South Dakota, 2004">
United States presidential election in South Dakota, 2004

The 2004 United States presidential election in South Dakota took place on November 2, 2004 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
South Dakota was won by incumbent President George W. Bush by a 21.5% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Bush would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Since 1940, the state has voted for the Republican nominee in every Presidential election, except 1964.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 12 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day.
Polling.
Bush won every pre-election by a double digit margin. The final 3 poll average showed Bush with 55% to Kerry at 39%.
Fundraising.
Bush raised $399,805. Kerry raised $71,553.
Advertising and visits.
Neither campaign advertised or visited this state during the fall campaign season.
Analysis.
South Dakota politics are generally dominated by the Republican Party, and the state has not supported a Democratic presidential candidate since 1964 — even George McGovern, the Democratic nominee in 1972 and himself a South Dakotan, did not carry the state. Additionally, a Democrat has not won the governorship since 1978. As of 2006, Republicans hold a 10% voter registration advantage over Democrats and hold majorities in both the state House of Representatives and Senate.
Despite the state's general Republican and conservative leanings, Democrats have found success in various state-wide elections, most notably in those involving South Dakota's congressional representatives in Washington. Two of the three current members of the state's congressional delegation are Democrats, and until his electoral defeat in 2004 Senator Tom Daschle was the Senate minority leader (and briefly its majority leader during Democratic control of the Senate in 2001–02).
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Due to the state's low population, only one congressional district is allocated. This district, called the At-Large district, because it covers the entire state, and thus is equivalent to the statewide election results.
Electors.
Technically the voters of SD cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. SD is allocated 3 electors because it has 1 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 3 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 3 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 13, 2004 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 3 were pledged for Bush/Cheney.

</doc>
<doc id="5897395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897395" title="Frederic Thrasher">
Frederic Thrasher

Frederic Milton Thrasher (1892–1962) was a sociologist at the University of Chicago. He was a colleague of Robert E. Park and was one of the most prominent members of the Chicago School of Sociology in the 1920s.
Thrasher was born in Shelbyville, Indiana in 1892; he graduated B.A. from DePauw University in 1916 in social psychology; he then did an MA in 1918, at Chicago with a thesis on ""The Boy Scout Movement as A Socializing Agency."" He then took a PhD in Chicago in 1926, on Gangs. Thrasher's epic work: "The Gang: a study of 1313 gangs in Chicago," was published in 1927.It said that "neighborhoods in transition are breeding grounds for gangs." Thrasher’s work on gangs was one of a series of outstanding doctoral studies completed under Robert E. Park’s direction in the "golden era" of the University of Chicago Sociology Department.
In the 1930s he then moved to New York where he taught at the Steinhardt School of Education of New York University, becoming Professor of educational sociology and retiring in 1959. While there he initiated a media studies programme where he began a series of studies of the effects of motion pictures on children. His courses on the subject were path breaking, including a course, begun in 1934, named "“The Motion Picture: Its Artistic, Educational and Social Aspects.”" He also served widely as a consultant to groups concerned with motion pictures, crime, prison reform, and prevention of juvenile delinquency.

</doc>
<doc id="5897396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897396" title="Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C.">
Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C.

Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C. () is an Israeli football club, They are currently in Liga Leumit, the second level of Israeli football. Home matches are played at the Haberfeld Stadium. In the 1990s the team changed its name to Hapoel Ironi Rishon LeZion (), and in June 2008 they changed their name back to Hapoel Rishon LeZion after new owners came.
History.
Hapoel Rishon LeZion was one of the first clubs in the history of league football in Israel.
Its best achievements were runner-up of the Israel State Cup in 1946 and 1996. On both occasions it lost to Maccabi Tel Aviv. Following its cup final in 1996, it played in UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, but was eliminated in the qualifying round by Constructorul Chisinau of Moldova on away goals rule (0:1, 3:2).
Between 1952 and 1994 the club played just 3 seasons in the top division: 1978-79, 1980-82. When it returned to the top flight once again in 1994 it added the word Ironi to its name. This time the team managed to stay 9 consecutive seasons in the top league until it was relegated to the 2nd division (Liga Leumit) in 2003, and 3 years later dropped further down to Liga Artzit.
In 2008–09, the club was promoted to Liga Leumit, the second tier.
In 2010–11, the club was promoted to the Israeli Premier League, the top tier. They were relegated back to Liga Leumit the following season.
The club is also known with their previous name Hapoel Ironi Rishon LeZion ().
On 4 December 2012, Hapoel Rishon LeZion won the 2012–13 Toto Cup Leumit.

</doc>
<doc id="5897399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897399" title="Officer Buckle and Gloria">
Officer Buckle and Gloria

Officer Buckle and Gloria is the name of the 1995 picture book by Peggy Rathmann that won the 1996 Caldecott Medal. Based on a 2007 online poll, the National Education Association named the book one of its "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children." It was one of the "Top 100 Picture Books" of all time in a 2012 poll by "School Library Journal".
Plot Summary.
A rather boring police officer named Officer Buckle is assigned to take a police dog named Gloria to his safety speech at the local school. Until that time, whenever Officer Buckle tried to tell schools about safety everyone fell asleep. Then, unbeknownst to Officer Buckle (literally, behind his back), Gloria does tricks imitating the safety tip demonstrating safety rules, and Gloria is a big success. Officer Buckle enjoys the fame until he sees on a taped speech that the schoolchildren are so enthusiastic because of Gloria. He refuses to teach safety and a huge accident happens. A letter from an attentive and sweet girl, named Claire, convinces Officer Buckle to start teaching again. In the end, Officer Buckle and Gloria go to many schools and teach the students about safety together.

</doc>
<doc id="5897406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897406" title="Permotanyderus">
Permotanyderus

"Permotanyderus" is an extinct genus of protodipteran insect of the Permotanyderidae family, first described by Edgar F. Riek in Australia in 1953 and which contains a single species "P. ableptus".
Evidence of the presence of Diptera or their direct predecessors in the Upper Permian of Australia is shown by the presence of Mecoptera in those formations. The Paratrichoptera of the Upper Permian probably, and those of the Triassic certainly, have been considered survivors of the maternal group. Riek described in 1953 two species of protodipteran of the Upper Permian of Australia: "Permotanyderus ableptus" and "Choristotanyderus nanus" joining "Permotipula patricia" named by Tillyard in 1929, but these cannot be attributed to any of the sub-groups of the dipterans or their direct predecessors.

</doc>
<doc id="5897409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897409" title="Turija (Srbobran)">
Turija (Srbobran)

Turija () is a village located in the Srbobran municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 2,562 people (2002 census). The village is famous because of the annual sausage festival known as Kobasicijada that is organized in Turija every year.

</doc>
<doc id="5897418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897418" title="Altcar Rifle Range">
Altcar Rifle Range

Altcar Rifle Range is located in Hightown, Merseyside, England. The range is a site that is composed of beaches, marshland, fields and small woods. The range is run by the Army Reserve, although civilians and cadets (ATC, CCF and ACF) can also use the range.
Ranges.
Altcar has 8 rifle ranges in the base.
As well as these rifle ranges there is clay pigeon shooting.
Accommodation.
The base also has accommodation for up to 530 cadets and soldiers. 
For the males there is enough space for 60 officers, 80 NCOs and 320 soldiers.
For females there is enough space for 70, however this can be increased by using some of the male accommodation.
The base is also open to civilian organisations by Special request. For more information contact 0800 193 0 194.
Facilities.
The rifle range was served by its own railway station between 1862 and 1921.
Red Rose.
The Red Rose is a pub that is situated on the base.
Officer Training Wing (OTW 42 BGD).
Altcar training camp also contains a TA officer training wing which covers Mod 2 + 3. (Mod 4 RMAS)

</doc>
<doc id="5897426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897426" title="Red Rocks, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Red Rocks, Newfoundland and Labrador

Red Rocks was a CNR station located northeast of Port aux Basques. It was closed and depopulated in September 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="5897440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897440" title="Yevgeny Belyayev">
Yevgeny Belyayev

Yevgeny Prokopievich Belyayev () (March 20, 1954 - March 15, 2003) was a Soviet/Russian cross-country skier who competed in the 1970s and 1980s, representing the USSR at the international level. Belyayev trained at VSS Trud in Leningrad until 1981 and at Dynamo in the same city since then. He won the 15 km silver and the 4x10 km bronze at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, then followed it with a 4x10 km gold at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York.
Belyayev also won two silvers at the 1978 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in the 15 km and the 50 km.

</doc>
<doc id="5897445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897445" title="Reefs Harbour-Shoal Cove West-New Ferolle">
Reefs Harbour-Shoal Cove West-New Ferolle

Reefs Harbour-Shoal Cove West-New Ferolle is a designated place in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador, located southwest of Anchor Point. The area consists of three unincorporated communities, Reefs Harbour, Shoal Cove and New Ferolle, located on the New Ferolle Peninsula near Port au Choix.
The area had a population of 275 in the Canada 2006 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="5897454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897454" title="Permotipulidae">
Permotipulidae

Permotipulidae is an extinct family of insects within the order Protodiptera. Permotipulidae appeared in the Permian. Two genera are "Permotipula" and "Permila" which are close relatives to ﬂies.

</doc>
<doc id="5897485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897485" title="Compton Martin Ochre Mine">
Compton Martin Ochre Mine

Compton Martin Ochre Mine () is a 0.85 hectare geological and biological Site of Special Scientific Interest located on the north side of the Mendip Hills, immediately south west of Compton Martin village, Somerset, notified in 1988.
Geological Interest.
It is a Geological Conservation Review site. The site comprises a network of underground tunnels and surface exposures on the eastern fringe of Compton Wood. The site exposes bedded hematitic iron ore (red ochre) in Triassic Dolomitic Conglomerates which was deposited underwater as a layered mass of iron oxide pellets of various types, probably in an ephemeral lake or pond fed by hot springs when the Mendip area was occupied by a desert environment some 220 million years ago during late Triassic times.
Red ochre is an iron oxide mineral, which was used in paint-making. It is believed that the mine was owned by Mendi Oxide & Ochre Co. Ltd., of Wick.
Biological Interest.
The mines are also used as a hibernation site by Greater Horseshoe Bats ("Rhinolophus ferrumequinum"). A rare and endangered species, the greater horseshoe bat is protected under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and is listed in Annex II of the 1992 European Community Habitats Directive.
Along with Combe Down and Bathampton Down Mines this site forms a key part of the ‘Bath and Bradford-on-Avon Bats’ candidate Special Area of Conservation (cSAC).

</doc>
<doc id="5897494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897494" title="Reidville, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Reidville, Newfoundland and Labrador

Reidville is a village located north east of Deer Lake. A post office was established in 1967 and the first Postmisstress was Dorothy Barrett.

</doc>
<doc id="5897499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897499" title="South Carolina's 6th congressional district">
South Carolina's 6th congressional district

The 6th Congressional District of South Carolina is a congressional district in central South Carolina. From 2003 to 2013 it included all of Bamberg, Clarendon, Colleton, Marion and Williamsburg counties and parts of Berkeley, Calhoun, Charleston, Dorchester, Florence, Georgetown, Lee, Orangeburg, Richland and Sumter counties. The district borders shifted south in the 2012 redistricting,moving away from North Carolina and adding the Georgia-South Carolina border.
The district was defined in the early 1990s in a deal between state Republicans (mostly white) and Democrats (mostly black) in the South Carolina General Assembly to ensure a majority-black population, known as a majority-minority district. The rural counties of the historical black belt in South Carolina make up much of the district, but it sweeps south to include most of the black precincts in Charleston, and west to include most of the black precincts in Columbia.
The district is presently the only safe Democratic district in the state. Even before being reconfigured as a majority-black district, it was considered a Democratic bastion, as the state had been until the late twentieth century. It included the northeastern part of the state, from Darlington to Myrtle Beach. It has elected only two Republicans since the early twentieth century, in both cases for only a single term.
Jim Clyburn, the current Assistant House Minority Leader, has represented this district since taking office in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5897502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897502" title="Typhoon Bilis">
Typhoon Bilis

The name Bilis has been used for two tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was submitted by the Philippines and means speed or swiftness.
The name was retired by the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee in 2006; it was replaced by Maliksi.

</doc>
<doc id="5897504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897504" title="Klenak">
Klenak

Klenak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5897512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897512" title="Australian Pony">
Australian Pony

The Australian Pony is a breed of pony that developed in Australia. It was greatly influenced by the native British breeds, especially the Welsh Pony, as well as some Arabian bloodlines.
Characteristics.
The Australian Pony stands between 11 and 14 hands high (). It strongly shows the refining Welsh Mountain Pony influence. The head is distinctly 'pony', full of show quality, with alert ears and large, dark eyes. The neck is relatively short but well-set and nicely rounded, the shoulders slope well back and the hindquarters are well rounded and proportioned. The tail should be well set on and gaily carried. The chest is deep, the barrel is round. The legs are short and strong, with flat, dense bone. 
The overall impression is a very attractive pony showing quality. Most representatives on the breed are grey, although they may be any color.
Breed history.
Since the continent had no native horses or ponies prior to the arrival of European explorers and settlers, all equidae that now live there are from imported stock. Nine horses first arrived in Australia in 1788 in the First Fleet from South Africa. In 1803, the first Timor Ponies arrived from Indonesia, and provided the foundation stock for the breed. The Australian Pony also had later influence from the Welsh Mountain Pony, Hackney pony, Arabian, Shetland Pony, Highland Pony, Connemara Pony, Exmoor Pony, and from small Thoroughbreds. 
Stallions of influence included:
By 1920, a distinct type of pony had emerged in Australia, and in 1931, the first Australian pony stud book, the Australian Pony Stud Book Society, was formed. The Australian Pony section of the stud book incorporated all of the Mountain and moorland pony breeds that had been imported from the turn of the 20th century as well as the pony breeds which had been developed in Australia. 
Some Arabian influence was introduced in the 1940s, when for a short time, breeders could use an Arabian stallion over APSB mares. In the mid-1960s the APSB opened sections for Welsh Mountain and Connemara ponies and catered for some other European breeds later.
Uses.
Today, the pony is mainly used as a children's mount and for smaller adult riders. They compete in dressage, eventing, show jumping, combined driving, gymkhana, mounted games, and horse shows.

</doc>
<doc id="5897519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897519" title="SIGMOD">
SIGMOD

SIGMOD is the Association for Computing Machinery's Special Interest Group on Management of Data, which specializes in large-scale data management problems and databases.
The annual ACM SIGMOD Conference, which began in 1975, is considered one of the most important in the field. While traditionally this conference had always been held within North America, in 2004 it took place in Europe (Paris) and in 2007 in Asia (Beijing). Acceptance rate of ACM SIGMOD Conference, averaged from 1996 to 2012, is 18%, with the rate of 17% in 2012.
In association with SIGACT and SIGART, SIGMOD also sponsors the annual ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems (PODS) conference on the theoretical aspects of database systems. PODS began in 1982, and has been held jointly with the SIGMOD conference since 1991.
Each year, the group gives out several awards to contributions to the field of data management. The most important of these is the SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award (named after the computer scientist Edgar F. Codd), which is awarded to "innovative and highly significant contributions of enduring value to the development, understanding, or use of database systems and databases". Additionally, SIGMOD presents a Best Paper Award to recognize the highest quality paper at each conference.

</doc>
<doc id="5897523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897523" title="The Nationals South Australia">
The Nationals South Australia

The Nationals SA are an affiliated state party of the National Party of Australia. Like the National Party of Western Australia, it is an independent party and not part of the Liberal/National Coalition. First contesting the 1965 state election, the party has only held two seats at alternating periods; Peter Blacker (1973–1993) in Flinders and Karlene Maywald (1997–2010) in Chaffey.
History.
As the Liberal and Country League (the predecessor to the South Australian Liberal Party of Australia) descended from a historical merger from an earlier Country Party, the SA Nationals are not as dominant in rural areas as their eastern state counterparts. Karlene Maywald was the MP for Chaffey from 1997 and the SA National Party parliamentary leader. She was re-elected at the 2002 and 2006 state elections (three other candidates were fielded in Flinders, Finniss, and MacKillop), announcing that she would support whichever party won government, which happened to be a landslide to the Australian Labor Party. Maywald became a minister in the first term of the Rann government. and signed an agreement with Mike Rann and the Australian Labor Party for reserving the right to not vote with the government, whilst at the same time becoming the Minister for the River Murray amongst other portfolios to the benefit of her constituency. Positions accepted were Minister for the River Murray, Minister for Regional Development, Minister for Small Business, and later Minister for Water Security. This informal ALP-NAT coalition (the first since 1935) caused uproar, with Christopher Pyne calling for Maywald's expulsion from the Nationals and Patrick Secker calling for a corruption enquiry into the appointment – neither eventuated.
The SA Nationals received a 6.6 percent primary vote at the 2009 Frome by-election and contributed to the election of independent Geoff Brock whom the party exchanged preferences with.

</doc>
<doc id="5897524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897524" title="United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2004">
United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2004

The 2004 United States presidential election in Nebraska took place on November 2, 2004 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose 5 electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President. However, this state is one of the two states of the U.S. that, instead of giving all of its electors to the winner based on its statewide results, just two of them vote based on the statewide results, and the others vote based on their individual congressional district results.
Nebraska, a rural Great Plains state, is a Republican and conservative stronghold. Voters here gave an overwhelming victory to George W. Bush, who received more than twice the number of votes of his challenger, John F. Kerry. Bush who carried the state in 2000 increased his margin of victory, from 29% (2000) to 33% in 2004. Bush carried every congressional district, and all but one county (Thurston County) which Kerry won with barely 50.8% (see table below).
Results.
Congressional District.
Bush won all three congressional districts.

</doc>
<doc id="5897527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897527" title="Yoshikichi Furui">
Yoshikichi Furui

Biography.
Furui was born in Tokyo, Japan. He was educated at the University of Tokyo, where he majored in German literature, receiving a BA in 1960. His undergraduate thesis was on Franz Kafka. He remained at Tokyo University for graduate work for another two years, earning an MA in German literature in 1962. After graduating, he accepted a position at Kanazawa University where he taught German language and literature for 3 years. He subsequently moved to Rikkyo University in Tokyo where he remained as an assistant professor of German literature until the watershed year of 1970.
The early 1970s was a period of rapid economic growth and cultural efflorescence. In the literary sphere, a new group of authors was emerging. These authors differed notably from their predecessors because of their move away from the overt social and political commentary—particularity as directed against the system that supported Japan's involvement in World War II—then common both in recent works of literature, and as a measure by which literature was measured. Because this new group of authors turned their gaze from society to the individual, looking inward, engaging the fears and fantasies of an urban population beset by a crisis of identity in a time of rapid economic growth, they were called the introverted generation, and Furui was, perhaps, their exemplar.
In 1970 Furui resigned from Rikkyo University to become a full-time writer. In 1971 his novella "Yoko" (杳子) was awarded the Akutagawa Prize, and he has subsequently won both the Tanizaki Prize and Kawabata Prize.
Furui has also translated Robert Musil and Hermann Broch.

</doc>
<doc id="5897536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897536" title="Arto Koivisto">
Arto Koivisto

Arto Koivisto (born December 7, 1948 in Isojoki). is a former Finnish cross country skier who competed in the 1970s. He won the 4 x 10 km gold and the 15 km bronze at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
Koivisto also won the 15 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="5897543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897543" title="Jacob Nash Victor">
Jacob Nash Victor

Jacob Nash Victor (April 2, 1835, Sandusky County, Ohio – October 3, 1907, San Bernardino, California) was a civil engineer who worked as General Manager of the California Southern Railroad, a subsidiary of Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. Victor oversaw the construction in the early 1880s of the California Southern between Colton and Barstow, California, including the section that is now one of the busiest rail freight routes in the United States, Cajon Pass.
The city of Victorville, California, is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="5897548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897548" title="Colman of Templeshambo">
Colman of Templeshambo

Saint Colman of Templeshambo was a Catholic saint from Connacht, Ireland. He has been confused with the patron of Kilmacduagh, but he lived somewhat earlier, and the sphere of his ministry lay in the present County Wexford. He was a contemporary of Saint Aidan, who appointed him Abbot of Templeshambo, the mother church of Enniscorthy. 
Many legends are told of Saint Colman and of his holy well with its sacred ducks. Gerald of Wales, in his Topography of Ireland, recorded some of these stories about the saint's sacred teals, which could not be harmed: illustrations on the lower part of Gerald's relevant manuscript depict the teals taking food from a human, a kite paralysed while attempting to take one of the teals as prey, and a fox choking on one of the birds.
He is said to have laboured zealously at the foot of Mount Leinster in the Blackstairs Mountains, his monastery being known as Temple Sean Bothe. He died c. 595 on October 27, which is his feast day, as recorded in the "Martyrology of Donegal".

</doc>
<doc id="5897551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897551" title="California gubernatorial election, 1962">
California gubernatorial election, 1962

The California gubernatorial election, 1962 was held on November 6, 1962. The Democratic incumbent, Pat Brown, ran for re-election against former Vice President Richard Nixon. In his concession speech, Nixon accused the media of favoring his opponent Brown, famously stating it was his "last press conference" and "You won't have Dick Nixon to kick around any more." Six years later, Nixon would go on to be elected President of the United States.
Election background.
Edmund G. (Pat) Brown Sr. was a relatively popular Democratic governor in California who was first elected in 1958. At the time, California was generally considered a Republican stronghold, with Republican governors and senators from the end of World War II until the election of Democrat Clair Engle to the Senate in 1958, and Brown's election as governor the same year. The state voted for Eisenhower in 1952 and 1956, and Nixon carried the state over John F. Kennedy in the 1960 Presidential election.
In 1962, with popular incumbent Senator Thomas Kuchel a shoo-in for re-election, the Republican Party felt it could also gain the governorship and win the state back from the Democrats. They turned to former California Senator and Vice President Richard Nixon, the biggest name at the time in the California Republican Party. Having been elected Senator in 1950 and carrying the state against Kennedy in 1960, they also felt a convincing win could be a springboard for Nixon to challenge Kennedy again in 1964, since he narrowly lost to him in 1960. However, the conservative Joe Shell challenged Nixon in the primary, and received support from the John Birch Society. Although Nixon beat Shell in the primary, 1,285,151 votes (65.4 percent) to Shell's 656,542 (33.4 percent), the contest was bitter, and Nixon did not reach out to conservative Shell supporters, which weakened him in the general election.
In a bitter and expensive campaign, Brown and Nixon campaigned with great zeal and effort. Nixon had a lead in the polls early on, but Brown chipped away at his lead. Still, come election day, Nixon was favored to win a relatively close election. But Brown not only won, but by a surprising 5%. A stunned and frustrated Nixon announced he was retiring from politics.

</doc>
<doc id="5897558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897558" title="VRLA battery">
VRLA battery

A VRLA battery (valve-regulated lead-acid battery), more commonly known as a sealed battery or maintenance free battery, is a type of lead-acid rechargeable battery. Due to their construction, they can be mounted in any orientation, and do not require constant maintenance. The term "maintenance free" is a misnomer as VRLA batteries still require cleaning and regular functional testing. VRLA batteries have been shown to reach catastrophic failure and are prone to thermal runaway. A common cause of failure is overheating and dust obstructing the valve, preventing release of gasses. They are widely used in large portable electrical devices, off-grid power systems and similar roles, where large amounts of storage are needed at a lower cost than other low-maintenance technologies like lithium-ion.
There are two primary types of VRLA batteries, gel cells and AGM. Gel cells add silica dust to the electrolyte, forming a thick putty-like gel. These are sometimes referred to as "silicone batteries". AGM, short for "absorbed glass mat", batteries feature fiberglass mesh between the battery plates which serves to contain the electrolyte. Both designs offer advantages and disadvantages compared to conventional batteries, as well as each other.
Basic concept.
Lead-acid cells consist of two plates of lead suspended in an electrolyte consisting of an aqueous sulphuric acid solution with a low concentration (typically 29–32%, by weight). A lead-acid "battery" consists of multiple cells wired in series in a single container. The battery produces power by reducing (or oxidizing) the lead plates and turning them into lead-sulphur-oxide while simultaneously increasing the pH of the electrolyte. When the battery is charged, this reaction is reversed; the plates turn back into pure lead, and the acid is re-created. This cycle is not perfect - hydrogen gas often escapes the electrolyte before it can re-combine into water.
To prevent the flammable & Toxic gas from building up to dangerous levels, venting is required, both in the battery and anything it is placed within. These vents generally mean that the electrolyte can spill out of the battery if it is tipped over, which presents a hazard during shipping and makes them unsuitable for many portable applications. Furthermore, the constant loss of hydrogen leads to a reduction of water in the electrolyte, which must be replaced by opening the battery and "topping off" the water. Many modern batteries include a small float behind a window to allow visual inspection of the electrolyte level, and pop-off caps for refilling it.
VRLA batteries attempt to avoid all of these problems by immobilizing the electrolyte. In doing so, the hydrogen is trapped near the plates, and is available for re-combining when the battery is re-charged. This dramatically reduces the water loss during repeated charge/discharge cycles. Nascent Hydrogen is regularly emitted from VRLA batteries when charging.
During "rapid" recharging, the electrolyte may boil and pressurize the case, or gas build-up may be too rapid for recombination. These effects necessitate the "valve regulation". This is normally in the form of a one-way pop-off valve that only opens in the case of pressure build-up. Even if the valve pops, the immobilizing agent prevents rapid, or any, acid leakage. Most designs are so stable and contain so little electrolyte that they won't leak acid even if they are cut open.However toxic fumes: Arsine and Stibine are regularly emitted.Under failure conditions the evolution of toxic gases is extremely dangerous requiring proper ventilation of environment.
The main downside to the VRLA design is that the immobilizing agent also immobilizes the chemical reactions creating power. For this reason, VRLAs have lower peak power ratings than conventional designs. This makes them less useful for roles like car starting batteries where usage patterns are brief high-current pulses (during starting) followed by long slow recharging cycles. VRLAs are mostly found in roles where the charge/recharge cycles are slower, such as power storage applications.
Construction.
VRLA batteries have a pressure relief valve which will activate when the battery starts building pressure of hydrogen gas, generally a result of being recharged. cell. Valve activation allows some of the gas or electrolyte to escape, thus decreasing the overall capacity of the battery. Rectangular cells may have valves set to operate as low as 1 or 2 psi; round spiral cells, with metal external containers, can have valves set as high as 40 psi.
The cell covers typically have gas diffusers built into them that allow safe dispersal of any excess hydrogen that may be formed during overcharge. They are not permanently sealed, but are designated to be "maintenance free". They can be oriented in any manner, unlike normal lead–acid batteries, which must be kept upright to avoid acid spills and to keep the plates' orientation vertical. Cells may be operated with the plates horizontal ("pancake" style), which may improve cycle life.
VRLA cells may be made of flat plates similar to a conventional flooded lead–acid battery, or may be made in a spiral roll form to make cylindrical cells.
At high overcharge currents, electrolysis of water occurs, expelling hydrogen and oxygen gas through the battery's valves. Care must be taken to prevent short circuits and rapid charging. Constant-voltage charging is the usual, most efficient and fastest charging method for VRLA batteries, although other methods can be used. VRLA batteries may be continually "float" charged at around 2.35 volts per cell at 25 °C. Some designs can be fast charged (1 hour) at high rates. Sustained charging at 2.7 V per cell will damage the cells. Constant-current overcharging at high rates (rates faster than restoring the rated capacity in three hours) will exceed the capacity of the cell to recombine hydrogen and oxygen.
History.
The first AGM cell was the Cyclon, patented by Gates Rubber Corporation in 1972 and now produced by Enersys.
The cyclon is a spirally wound cell with thin lead foil electrodes. A number of manufacturers seized on the technology to implement it in cells with conventional flat plates. The first manufacturer to achieve a significant market position was arguably Yuasa of Japan. Their low capacity lightweight batteries achieved rapid penetration in the alarm and emergency lighting markets by about 1980, and also some acceptance for UPS and PABX support.
In the mid-1980s two UK companies, Chloride and Tungstone, simultaneously introduced 10 year life AGM batteries in capacities up to 400 Ah, stimulated by a British Telecom specification for batteries for support of new digital exchanges. In the same period, Gates acquired another UK company, Varley, specialising in aircraft and military batteries. Varley adapted the Cyclon lead foil technology to produce flat plate batteries with exceptional high rate output. These gained approval for a variety of aircraft including the BAe 125 and 146 business jets, the Harrier and its derivative the AV8B, and some F16 variants as the first alternatives to the normal NiCd batteries.
Moves to higher capacity AGM batteries were led by GNB's Absolyte range extending to 3900 Ah.
VRLA/AGM technology is now widespread in both stationary and vehicle batteries.
AGM (Absorbed glass mat).
AGM batteries differ from flooded lead acid batteries in that the electrolyte is held in the glass mats, as opposed to freely flooding the plates. Very thin glass fibers are woven into a mat to increase surface area enough to hold sufficient electrolyte on the cells for their lifetime. The fibers that compose the fine glass mat do not absorb nor are they affected by the acidic electrolyte. These mats are wrung out 2–5% after being soaked in acids, prior to manufacture completion and sealing.
The plates in an AGM battery may be any shape. Some are flat, others are bent or rolled. AGM batteries, both deep cycle and starting, are built in a rectangular case to BCI battery code specifications.
Gel battery.
Originally a kind of Gel Cell was produced in the early 1930s for portable Valve (tube) radio LT supply (2, 4 or 6V) by adding silica to the sulfuric acid. By this time the glass case was being replaced by celluloid and later in 1930s other plastics. Earlier "wet" cells in glass jars used special valves to allow tilt from vertical to one horizontal direction (Suitcase Portables 1927 to 1931 or 1932). The Gel cells were less likely to leak when the portable set was handled roughly.
A modern gel battery (also known as a "gel cell") is a VRLA battery with a gelified electrolyte; the sulfuric acid is mixed with fumed silica, which makes the resulting mass gel-like and immobile. Unlike a flooded wet-cell lead-acid battery, these batteries do not need to be kept upright. Gel batteries reduce the electrolyte evaporation, spillage (and subsequent corrosion problems) common to the wet-cell battery, and boast shock, and vibration. Chemically they are almost the same as wet (non-sealed) batteries except that the antimony in the lead plates is replaced by calcium, and gas recombination can take place.
The modern gel formulation and large scale production was from Otto Jache's and Heinz Schroeder's <US Patent 4,414,302> assigned to the German Co. Accumulatorenfabrik Sonnenschein GmbH. With gel electrolyte the separator was no longer such a critical, hard-to-make component, and cycle life was increased, in some cases dramatically. With gel electrolyte, shedding of active material from the plates was reduced.
More importantly, real gas recombination was used to make batteries that were not "watered" and could be called maintenance-free. The one-way valves were set at 2 psi, and this was high enough for full recombination to take place. At the end of charge when oxygen was evolved from overcharge on the positive plate it traveled through the shrink cracks in the gel directly to the negative plate made from high surface area pure lead and "burned" up as fast as it was made. This oxygen gas and the hydrogen adsorbed on the surface of the sponge lead metal negative plate combined to make water that was retained in the cell.
This sealed, non-spill feature made it possible to make very small VRLA batteries (1 –12 Amp hr. range) that fit into the growing portable electronics market. A large market for inexpensive smaller sealed Pb/Acid batteries was generated quickly. Portable TV, light for news cameras, children's toy riding cars, emergency lighting, and the growing market for UPS systems for computer back-up, to name a few, were powered with small sealed VRLA batteries.
Applications.
Many modern motorcycles and ATVs on the market use AGM batteries to reduce likelihood of acid spilling during cornering, vibration, or after accidents, and for packaging reasons. The lighter, smaller battery can be installed at an odd angle if needed for the design of the motorcycle. 
Due to the higher manufacturing costs compared with flooded lead–acid batteries, AGM batteries are currently used on premium vehicles. As vehicles become heavier and equipped with more electronic devices such as navigation, stability control, and premium stereos, AGM batteries are being employed to lower vehicle weight and provide better electrical reliability compared with flooded lead–acid batteries.
5 series BMWs from March 2007 incorporate AGM batteries in conjunction with devices for recovering brake energy using regenerative braking and computer control to ensure the alternator charges the battery when the car is decelerating. Vehicles used in auto racing may use AGM batteries due to their vibration resistance.
Deep-cycle AGMs are also commonly used in off grid solar power and wind power installations as an energy storage bank and in large-scale amateur robotics, such as the FIRST and IGVC competitions.
AGM batteries are routinely chosen for remote sensors such as ice monitoring stations in the Arctic. AGM batteries, due to their lack of free electrolyte, will not crack and leak in these cold environments.
VRLA batteries are used extensively in power wheelchairs, as the extremely low gas and acid output makes them much safer for indoor use. VRLA batteries are also used in the UPS (uninterruptible power supply) as a back up when the electrical power goes off.
VRLA batteries are also the standard power source in sailplanes, due to their ability to withstand a variety of flight attitudes and a relatively large ambient temperature range with no adverse effects. However, charging regimes must be adapted with varying temperature. 
AGM and Gell-cell batteries are also used for recreational marine purposes, with AGM being more commonly available. AGM deep-cycle marine batteries are offered by a number of suppliers. They typically are favored for their low maintenance and spill-proof quality, although generally considered a less cost effective solution relative to traditional flooded cells.
In telecommunications applications, VRLA batteries that comply with criteria in Telcordia Technologies requirements document GR-4228, "Valve-Regulated Lead-Acid (VRLA) Battery String Certification Levels Based on Requirements for Safety and Performance," are recommended for deployment in the Outside Plant (OSP) at locations such as Controlled Environmental Vaults (CEVs), Electronic Equipment Enclosures (EEEs), and huts, and in uncontrolled structures such as cabinets. Relative to VRLA in telecommunications, the use of VRLA Ohmic Measurement Type Equipment (OMTE) and OMTE-like measurement equipment is a fairly new process to evaluate telecommunications battery plants. The proper use of ohmic test equipment allows battery testing without the need to remove batteries from service to perform costly and time-consuming discharge tests.
Comparison with flooded lead–acid cells.
VRLA batteries offer several advantages compared with flooded lead–acid cells. The battery can be mounted in any position, since the valves only operate on overpressure faults. Since the battery system is designed to be recombinant and eliminate the emission of gases on overcharge, room ventilation requirements are reduced and no acid fume is emitted during normal operation. The volume of free electrolyte that could be released on damage to the case or venting is very small. There is no need (nor possibility) to check the level of electrolyte or to top up water lost due to electrolysis, reducing inspection and maintenance.
Because of calcium added to its plates to reduce water loss, a sealed battery recharges much quicker than a flooded lead acid battery. "From a standard car, 4WD or truck alternator they will recharge quickly from full use in about 2 to 3 hours. A deep cycle wet cell battery can take 8-12 hours to achieve only 70% to 80% of its potential charge." Compared to flooded batteries, VRLA batteries are more vulnerable to thermal run-away during abusive charging. The electrolyte cannot be tested by hydrometer to diagnose improper charging, which can reduce battery life.
AGM automobile batteries are typically about twice the price of flooded-cell batteries in a given BCI size group; gel batteries as much as five times greater. VRLA batteries:

</doc>
<doc id="5897564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897564" title="Brazilian Medical Association">
Brazilian Medical Association

The Brazilian Medical Association () founded in 1951, is the national class association of physicians in Brazil. With more than 140,000 associates, is the second largest in the Americas, just after the American Medical Association.
Revista da Associação Médica Brasileira, published by Elsevier, is the official journal of this association.

</doc>
<doc id="5897577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897577" title="Checkered garter snake">
Checkered garter snake

The checkered garter snake, Thamnophis marcianus, is a species of garter snake endemic to the southern United States, Mexico and Central America.
Etymology.
The specific epithet, "marcianus", is in honor of American Brigadier General Randolph B. Marcy, who led surveying expeditions to the frontier areas in the mid 19th century.
Description.
The checkered garter snake is typically green in color, with a distinct, black checkerboard pattern down its back. It is capable of growing to a total length of 42 in (107 cm), but 28 in (71 cm) is closer to average.
Habitat.
They are typically found near permanent bodies of water, such as streams and ponds, but have also been found in the semidesert region of the High Plains of West Texas.
Diet.
Their diets include small frogs, toads, small fish, and earthworms.
Defensive behavior.
They will rarely bite; instead, they release a foul-smelling liquid from their cloacae onto attackers.
They also have been found to have mild venom in their bodies.
Subspecies.
The three recognized subspecies of "T. marcianus" are:
In captivity.
The checkered garter snake is the easiest garter snake to tame. Even a wild-caught one can become tame in a few days if handled carefully. The checkered garter snake is frequently available in the exotic pet trade, and makes a hardy captive animal. It can be trained to accept mice or fish fillets as food. Captive breeding, while not common, is done, and albino variants are being produced.

</doc>
<doc id="5897582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897582" title="Verdi Peaks">
Verdi Peaks

The Verdi Peaks are a group of three summits in the Ruby Mountains of Elko County, Nevada, in the western United States. They rise from the head of Talbot Canyon above Verdi Lake, and are a prominent part of the east wall of Lamoille Canyon above the Terraces Picnic Area. The two southern summits are directly on the Ruby Crest above the Ruby Valley to the east. The central summit is the highest of the three and is located about southeast of the city of Elko.

</doc>
<doc id="5897588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897588" title="Royal Australasian College of Physicians">
Royal Australasian College of Physicians

The Royal Australasian College of Physicians (RACP) is a not-for-profit professional organisation responsible for training, education, and representing over 13,500 physicians and paediatricians and 5,000 trainees in 25 medical specialties in Australia and New Zealand. Specialties include paediatrics & child health, cardiology, respiratory medicine, neurology, 
oncology and public health medicine, occupational and environmental medicine, palliative 
medicine, sexual health medicine, rehabilitation and addiction medicine.
The college is responsible for education of trainees and ongoing education for fellows of the college (i.e., specialist physicians and paediatricians). It also publishes two journals, "The Internal Medicine Journal" and "The Journal of Pediatrics and Child Health", and has a foundation which provides funding for research in the field of internal medicine.
History.
Prior to the establishment of the Royal Australasian College of Physicians, Australian and New Zealand physicians sought membership of the United Kingdom royal colleges; the Royal College of Physicians, Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh, Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow, and Royal College of Physicians of Ireland.
In November 1930, a group of physicians met in Melbourne to establish the Association of Physicians of Australasia "for friendship and scientific stimulus", which solely consisted of its members; no building or permanent base existed.
In 1934, the Association of Physicians of Australasia Council decided that an examining and executive body, with a constitution modelled after the Royal College of Physicians, should be formed to "enhance the prestige of the profession"; "stimulate interest in medical education and research"; and "set a standard of professional ethical conduct".
In 1937, the Association purchased premises at 145 Macquarie Street, Sydney, which had previously been the Warrigal Club, "for gentlemen pastoralists", and the home of the Fairfax family.
In 1938, the College was incorporated, and the first meeting of the Council was held in April. Drs. Holmes a Court and Harold Ritchie were instrumental in the negotiations that led to the College's formation and incorporation.
Structure.
The College is a not-for-profit organisation that is registered as a public company limited by guarantee and is recognised by the "Health Insurance Act 1973" (Cth). It is organised into two main divisions, three (formerly four) faculties, and four chapters.
Facilities.
In 1939, the College Library was established. In 1954, it was renamed "The History of Medicine Library". It is the world's largest collection of Australian and New Zealand medical history material, largely through the donations of Fellows of the College.

</doc>
<doc id="5897594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897594" title="Sobrebarriga">
Sobrebarriga

Sobrebarriga is a cut of beef, also known as flank steak. In Spanish, sobrebarriga literally translates as "over the belly". It is particularly known as a Colombian dish.

</doc>
<doc id="5897599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897599" title="Riverhead, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Riverhead, Newfoundland and Labrador

Riverhead was a small village of 20 families in 1864. It is now a town in the St. Mary's area with a population of over 400 by 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="5897609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897609" title="Nova Scotia Route 256">
Nova Scotia Route 256

Route 256 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in the northern part of the province and connects West New Annan at Route 246 with Lyons Brook at Route 376.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5897614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897614" title="Charles Cowan">
Charles Cowan

Charles Cowan (1801–1889) was a Scottish politician and paper-maker.
He was the son of Alexander Cowan, and followed his father into the paper-making industry; he would later write the article on this for the "Encyclopaedia Britannica". In May 1819, he was sent to learn the papermaking trade at St Mary Cray, Kent, where he worked at either Lay's or Hall's mill on the River Cray.
In the general election of June 1847, he ran as a Radical free-trade candidate in Edinburgh, defeating the incumbent Whig Thomas Babington Macaulay. His initial election was declared null and void due to his being a party to a government contract, but he was re-elected in a second election that December. He was re-elected in the 1852 election in second place on the ballot, and returned unopposed in the 1857 election. He did not stand in 1859, and retired from politics.

</doc>
<doc id="5897616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897616" title="River of Ponds">
River of Ponds

River of Ponds is a town located northeast of Daniel's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador. It became a Local Government Community in 1970 and had a population of 166 in 1956. The 2001 census reported a population of 274.

</doc>
<doc id="5897626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897626" title="Snow Lake Peak">
Snow Lake Peak

Snow Lake Peak, the fifth highest named peak of the Ruby Mountains and the seventh highest in Elko County, is located in the northeast portion of the state of Nevada in the western United States. It rises from the head of Box Canyon (above Snow Lake), is part of the headwall of Thomas Canyon (with Mount Fitzgerald), and is a prominent part of the west wall of Lamoille Canyon above Lamoille and Dollar Lakes.
Geography.
The summit is a high glacial horn located about southeast of the community of Elko. It is the only major peak of the Ruby Mountains that cannot be reached via a scramble.

</doc>
<doc id="5897635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897635" title="Peggy Rathmann">
Peggy Rathmann

Margaret Crosby "Peggy" Rathmann (born March 4, 1953) is an American writer and illustrator best known for children's picture books.
She was born in St. Paul, Minnesota, and graduated from the University of Minnesota. Her first book, "Ruby the Copycat", earned Ms. Rathmann the "Most Promising New Author" distinction in Publishers Weekly's 1991 annual Cuffie Awards. That book was followed by her illustrations of Barbara Bottner's "Bootsie Barker Bites", "Good Night Gorilla" about Peggy's experiences with gorillas, and Rathmann's Caldecott Medal winning "Officer Buckle and Gloria". Since that book, Rathmann has written two more: "Ten Minutes till Bedtime" and "The Day The Babies Crawled Away" (which made it onto the Horn Book Fanfare List for the best books of 2003).
Rathmann lives in Nicasio, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5897637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897637" title="Lubbock-Cooper Independent School District">
Lubbock-Cooper Independent School District

Lubbock-Cooper Independent School District (LCISD) is a 3-A school district located south of the city of Lubbock, Texas (USA), centered on the small community of Woodrow. School colors are red and black, and the mascot is the Fighting Pirates. Lubbock-Cooper is known for its accomplishments in the Future Farmers of America (FFA), University Interscholastic League (UIL), and baseball, and prides itself on having a small-town feel.
Lubbock-Cooper is a largely rural school district located southern Lubbock County. A small portion of the city of Lubbock lies within its boundaries. It is bordered by Lubbock ISD to the north, Frenship ISD to the west, Slaton ISD to the east, and New Home ISD to the south. Considered one of the premier school districts in West Texas, Lubbock-Cooper is known for high academic standards and athletic achievements. 3,059 students are enrolled at Lubbock-Cooper ISD.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
The Lubbock-Cooper Independent School District currently operates Seven campuses. Three are located in the unincorporated community of Woodrow and four on the outskirts of the city of Lubbock. A new campus, Lubbock-Cooper West Elementary opened in 2008, and also in 2012 the Laura Bush Middle School opened along with the new elementary called Lubbock-Cooper Central Elementary, which opened in 2011. The high school has added a new wing, and new athletic facilities.
Tradition.
Lubbock Cooper was founded in 1936 and recently had its 75th anniversary at its new football stadium. People that graduate and come back to the Cooper community, even some teachers that teach at Cooper campuses were once students at Lubbock Cooper.
Academics.
Lubbock-Cooper has maintained a "recognized" or "exemplary" STARR state rating for the past several years. Each campus features recognized UIL (University Interscholastic League) teams, leadership organizations and accelerated classes. Lubbock-Cooper High School was recognized as a National Blue Ribbon School in 2007, one of only three high schools in Texas so recognized during that year.
Athletics.
Lubbock-Cooper High School is a strong athletic competitor and currently a member of District 1-AAA, which includes Lubbock-Cooper, Levelland, Borger, Perryton, Dalhart, Estacado. The Pirates are recognized statewide for many athletic achievements, including, most recently, a Regional Semifinalist girls' basketball team. Lubbock-Cooper athletics is perhaps most recognized for producing one of the strongest 3-A baseball teams in the state of Texas, holding nine out of the past ten district titles, and almost always advancing far in the playoffs, making appearances at the state and semi-final levels in previous years. Last years 2010 football season and team broke school records by being the first team in cooper history to play past a holiday, finish with a winning record (9-4), made it the farthest in the playoffs, regional semifinals champions. The Lubbock-Cooper Pirates played their 2010 season in their new turf football stadium, Cooper also installed baseball and softball turf fields.
Leadership.
LCISD is under the leadership of a Board of Trustees including seven community members and parents, and Superintendent Pat Henderson.
Website.
Lubbock-Cooper offers a constantly updated website, www.lcisd.net, which includes information for students, staff, parents, and community members, and is arguably one of the most advanced district websites in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="5897638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897638" title="Pete Muldoon">
Pete Muldoon

Linton Muldoon Treacy (June 4, 1881 – March 13, 1929), better known as Pete Muldoon was a Canadian ice hockey pioneer in the western United States, particularly known for bringing a Stanley Cup championship to Seattle, Washington. He is known best for reportedly putting a curse on the Chicago Black Hawks, as well as team owner Major Frederic McLaughlin, after Muldoon was fired at the end of the 1926-27 season; however, it has been alleged that a Toronto sportswriter had come up with the "curse" due to a bout of writer's block in 1943. Muldoon was the Black Hawks' first head coach.
Early life.
Muldoon was born in Ontario, as Linton Muldoon Treacy. He played hockey in the OHA in the 1900s before moving to the Pacific coast in order to pursue a boxing career. He changed his name to Pete Muldoon because the pursuit of a professional sports career was discouraged in Ontario at the time. Muldoon won regional titles in both the middleweight and light heavyweight divisions while boxing.
Ice hockey career.
Muldoon was accomplished at other sports, including lacrosse. He played professionally for a Vancouver club in 1911. He was also an ice dancer who was able to skate, as well as play hockey, while on stilts. In 1914, he took over as the coach and manager of the Portland Rosebuds. He led them to the PCHA championship, making Portland the first team from the United States to compete for the Stanley Cup. For the 1915 season, he changed teams, and went to Seattle to manage a new team in the PCHA, the Metropolitans. He spent eight seasons coaching in Seattle, and amassed a record of 115 wins, 105 losses, and four ties. The Metropolitans competed for the Stanley Cup. The Mets played for the Stanley Cup three times under his leadership, and winning it once in 1917 during their first trip. Muldoon was the first and, at age 30, youngest coach of a Stanley Cup Championship team based in the United States. In 1919, the Metropolitans made for the second time, but the series against the Montreal Canadiens was cancelled after 4 games due to a flu epidemic. Seattle lost in the Stanley Cup finals in the next year.
The Seattle Metropolitans ceased operations in the spring of 1924. Muldoon returned to Portland, and moved on to the Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL in 1926. In Chicago, he was appointed the first head coach of the new team. He accepted the position because his wife Dorothy was a Chicago native and pregnant with the family's second child. After the Black Hawks ended the 1926–27 season with a playoff berth after finishing in third place in the American Division with a 19–22–3 record, he resigned because of constant meddling from team owner Major McLaughlin.
After spending a year in Chicago, Muldoon returned to Seattle. He became involved in efforts to bring a professional team back to Seattle, as a new arena was constructed in 1928. Muldoon, with the help of a group of investors, established the Seattle Ice Skating and Hockey Association, while aiding to establish the PCHL. This new league had its first season in 1928, and the Seattle team was dubbed the Eskimos.
Curse of Muldoon.
Muldoon was highly upset about being fired after only one season by owner Frederic McLaughlin. Muldoon was fired because Chicago had finished third in its division during the 1926–27 season, but McLaughlin felt the team should have finished first. Muldoon was then reported to have placed an Irish curse on the Hawks that would keep them out of 1st place forever. It is unknown if this actually happened, as it has been alleged that it was a hoax by a Toronto sportwriter, yet other sources maintain that "41 years is plenty long enough for any "curse," real or imagined".
Death.
In the spring of 1929, Muldoon went to Tacoma with co-owner and local boxing promoter Nate Druxman to search for a location to build a new rink in order to establish a team. While in Tacoma, on March 13, 1929, Muldoon died due to a heart attack. Without their coach, the Seattle Eskimos were able to win a playoff series against Portland, before losing to Vancouver in the league finals. The following season the Eskimos established the Pete Muldoon Trophy, presented to the player "deemed most inspirational by his teammates". It was awarded for a few seasons, and disappeared from records during the Great Depression years.

</doc>
<doc id="5897639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897639" title="Roaches Line">
Roaches Line

Roaches Line is a village located inland from the western side of Conception Bay and south of Bay Roberts in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Roaches Line (route 70) connects the Conception Bay North Highway (route 60) at Cupids Crossing and South River with the Trans Canada Highway (route 1) and Veterans' Memorial Highway (route 75). It is primarily a farming area and known for its landmark life-sized, weathervane horse statue atop a cliff, known locally at "The Look Out". Besides the small year-round resident population, it is a popular cottage area, built up along the shores of the many lakes and ponds.

</doc>
<doc id="5897644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897644" title="Georgij A. Krasinsky">
Georgij A. Krasinsky

Georgij A. Krasinsky (February 19, 1939; Leningrad, USSR) – March 17, 2011) was a Russian astronomer active at the Institute of Applied Astronomy, Russian Academy of Science, St Petersburg. He was notable for research on planetary motions and ephemeris.
Krasinsky was the president of IAU commission 4-DI on ephemerides during 2003-2006.
The asteroid 5714 Krasinsky is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="5897668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897668" title="Honkin' on Bobo Tour">
Honkin' on Bobo Tour

Aerosmith embarked on the Honkin' on Bobo Tour to support their new album "Honkin' on Bobo", the follow-up 2001's "Just Push Play". The tour sent the band to small venues throughout North America as well as Japan.
Rock band Cheap Trick was the opening act for the majority of the tour.
Venue change.
The tour was unique in that it sent the band to smaller arenas in areas they hadn't played in a long time, particularly in smaller markets in the South and Midwest. Additionally, the tour was almost exclusively arenas, a change in pace from the predominantly amphitheater tours the band embarked on in the past.
Setlist.
The setlist varied widely from show to show, but was generally no longer than 20 songs, and featured several of their classics, as well as new bluesy tunes from "Honkin' on Bobo" including "Baby, Please Don't Go", "Road Runner", "Stop Messin' Around", and "Never Loved a Girl".
Leg 1.
Encore
Leg 2.
Encore
Leg 3.
Encore
Stage Setup.
The stage setup was meant to imitate an old blues club, with neon signs in the back and a relatively simple stage. There was also a catwalk, a format which would continue on subsequent Aerosmith tours.
"You Gotta Move".
The DVD release "You Gotta Move", the band's first live video compilation since 1987, was culled primarily from the Orlando performance on the tour and was originally aired as an A&E television special. The DVD was released in late 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5897672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897672" title="Snods Edge">
Snods Edge

 
Snods Edge is a small hamlet in South Northumberland, about from Consett. The name is thought to have derived from "snow's edge", referring to the hamlet's close proximity (about 5 km or 3 mi) to the North Pennines.
History.
The hamlet consists of a Church dedicated to St John, a church hall, a football field, Vicarage and three houses. The church hall was formerly a school, and won the Northumberland Community Council "Best Village Hall" award three times.
The majority of the buildings date from the 19th Century, and the church from 1835 when centre of the Anglican parish of Shotley Low Quarter was moved from St Andrew's chapel on Kiln Pit Hill to the new site. The parish itself, now known as Shotley St John, is within the deanery of Corbridge in the Diocese of Newcastle.
Snods Edge hosts a number of events each year for the parish, including an art exhibition, this is mainly for local artists to display their paintings. It also hosts a number of other events including a weekly Sunday teas where members of the parish, as well as the local Womans Institute cook home-made products such as cakes and sandwiches. This usually runs from around March until October; however, in 2011 the first Sunday for teas is 8 May.
There was also once a weekend-long camping event on the sports field during the Easter holidy for the children of the Parish, but this has been since been stopped because of waning numbers over the years. This sports field has recently undergone an intensive drainage scheme which will hopefully open up the field for future events.
Governance.
Snods Edge is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.

</doc>
<doc id="5897686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897686" title="Carlos Germano">
Carlos Germano

Carlos Germano Schwambach Neto (born 14 August 1970), better known as Carlos Germano, is a former Brazilian footballer who played goalkeeper.
He was a member of the Brazilian squad for France 98 World Cup.
Club career.
He began his football career in 1985 in his native town, and was discovered by Vasco's manager who proposed that he join the youth team for a test. In the same year he became the first choice goalkeeper for the youth side.
When Vasco's senior goalkeeper Acácio left the club, Carlos Germano became the number 1 immediately. He went to receive all of the club honors and was chosen top goalkeeper of the Brazilian Championship in 1997.
In 1999 he had some disagreements with Vasco's chairman and left the club. He signed with Santos FC in 2000 for four years, but one year later the club couldn't pay the total amount of the contract and he obtained the right to a free transfer, moving to Portuguesa-SP. From then on, he signed one year contracts with different clubs, including his first club (Vasco), until he signed with FC Penafiel (Portuguese side at the time in the second division) in 2005.
International career.
Carlos Germano represented his country at the 1987 FIFA U-16 World Championship and the 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship. In 1988, he was chosen as Brazil's goalkeeper in the South American under-20 championship.
He went on to earn 9 senior caps for Brazil between 1995 and 2001. 
Coaching career.
Retired at the end of the 2005/2006 Portuguese season, he subsequently embraced a career as a goalkeeping coach.
Honors.
Club Titles
National Team
Personal Honours

</doc>
<doc id="5897689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897689" title="88th Grey Cup">
88th Grey Cup

The 88th Grey Cup (Canadian Football League championship) was held in 2000 in Calgary. The BC Lions won the game 28-26 over the Montreal Alouettes. The Lions, who finished 8-10 with an overtime loss during the regular season, became the first team ever to finish with a regular season record below .500 and win the Grey Cup.
Game summary.
BC Lions (28) - TD's, Damon Allen (2), Robert Drummond; FG's, Lui Passaglia (2); cons., Passaglia (2); singles, Passaglia (2).
Montreal Alouettes (26) - TD's, Jock Climie, Mike Pringle, Ben Cahoon; FG's, Terry Baker (2); cons., Baker (2).
First Quarter <br>
BC—Single Passaglia missed 47-yard field goal attempt, one-point granted 4:10 <br>
BC—TD Allen 1-yard run (Passaglia convert) 6:39 <br>
MTL—FG Baker 19-yard field-goal 11:38 <br>
Second Quarter <br>
BC—Single Passaglia missed 33-yard field goal attempt, one-point granted 0:17 <br>
BC—FG Passaglia 23-yard field-goal 11:10 <br>
Third Quarter <br>
MTL—TD Climie pass from Calvillo on one-yard line (Baker convert) 6:49 <br>
Fourth Quarter <br>
BC—TD Drummond 44-yard run (Passaglia convert) 0:55 <br>
MTL—FG Baker 51-yard field-goal 4:30 <br>
BC—TD Allen 1-yard run 8:38 <br>
MTL—TD Pringle 5-yard run (Baker convert) 11:18 <br>
BC—FG Passaglia 29-yard field-goal 13:35 <br>
MTL—TD Cahoon 59-yard pass from Calvillo 14:16
The game started off slowly. There was no score until Lui Passaglia's missed field goal produced a single for the Lions that got them off to a 1-0 lead. A little more than three minutes later, Damon Allen scored a touchdown on a one-yard run that made the score 8-0. Montreal finally got on the scoreboard at 11:38 when Terry Baker hit a nineteen-yard field goal to cut the score to 8-3. There was only one score in the second quarter, as Passaglia missed another field goal that produced another single for the Lions. The Lions led 9-3 going into the half.
In the third quarter, the Alouettes cut the score to 12-10 after slotback Jock Climie caught a one-yard pass from Anthony Calvillo.
Only 55 seconds into the fourth period, Robert Drummond broke through the Als defense for a forty-four yard score to increase the Lions' lead to 19-10. Terry Baker had his second field goal of the day to bring the Als nearer, 19-13. Lions' quarterback Damon Allen ran for his second touchdown of the day. The two-point conversion failed, but the lead was now twelve with 11:01 on the clock.
Alouettes running back Mike Pringle, who ran for 115 yards on the day, ran in a five-yard score to shrink the score once again to 25-20 with 3:42 left in the game. Lui Passaglia's 29-yard field goal with 1:25 left gave the Lions' an eight-point lead. Anthony Calvillo and the Als only had a small amount of time to work with to possibly tie up the game and send it into overtime. Calvillo hit receiver Ben Cahoon across the middle and Cahoon raced fifty-nine yards to pull the Alouettes to within two with 44 seconds left in the game. The Alouettes went for a two-point convert to tie the game and send it into overtime, but Calvillo's pass sailed over the head of a falling Thomas Haskins, who fell to the turf before the pass arrived. The play was not without controversy, with the Alouettes seeking a pass interference call, but none was called.
Montreal attempted an onside kick, but Lions' receiver Alfred Jackson leapt over several Alouette players to recover the football, enabling the Lions to run out the clock.
2000 CFL Playoffs.
West Division.
Semi-final (November 12 @ Edmonton, Alberta) BC Lions 34-32 Edmonton Eskimos
Final (November 19 @ Calgary, Alberta) BC Lions 37-23 Calgary Stampeders
East Division.
Semi-final (November 12 @ Hamilton, Ontario) Winnipeg Blue Bombers 22-20 Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Final (November 19 @ Montreal, Quebec) Montreal Alouettes 35-24 Winnipeg Blue Bombers

</doc>
<doc id="5897690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897690" title="Paul Lawrence Rose">
Paul Lawrence Rose

Paul Lawrence Rose is the Professor of European History and Mitrani Professor of Jewish Studies at Pennsylvania State University. Rose specializes in the study of anti-Semitism, Germany history, European intellectual history, and Jewish history.

</doc>
<doc id="5897691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897691" title="Raymond IV, Count of Tripoli">
Raymond IV, Count of Tripoli

Raymond IV of Tripoli (died 1199) was the count of Tripoli (1187–1189) and prince regent of Antioch (1193–1194). He was the son of Bohemond III of Antioch and Orgueilleuse d'Harenc.
When Raymond III of Tripoli died in 1187 without heirs, he left his county to Raymond, who was his godson. After two years, Bohemond III desired to keep his heir closer to his Antiochene court and so brought him back and sent his second son, Bohemond IV, as count to Tripoli. After the elder Bohemond was captured by Leo II of Armenia, Raymond acted as regent until his return.
In 1195, Raymond married Alice of Armenia, Leo II's niece, the daughter of Roupen III, to solidify the peace. They had one son, Raymond-Roupen, who fought for his inheritance as the eldest grandson of Bohemond III.

</doc>
<doc id="5897697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897697" title="Choristotanyderus">
Choristotanyderus

Choristotanyderus is an extinct, monotypic, genus of protodipteran insect containing a single species, Choristotanyderus nanus which lived during the Permian period. The genus and species were first described by Edgar Frederick Riek in 1953 from a specimen found in New South Wales, Australia. It is considered a transitional form between Mecoptera and Diptera. The genus is placed in the protodipteran family Permotanyderidae with the related genus "Permotanyderus".
Morphology.
"Choristotanyderus", despite being closely related to Diptera, retained four wings, with the hind wings being about one third as long as the forewings. These wings show the characteristic kink at the base of the R vein which is diagnostic of Diptera, but other venation patterns were more characteristic of Mecoptera . The third thorax segment was also reduced, which has been considered another intermediate feature between the Mecoptera and the Diptera .

</doc>
<doc id="5897709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897709" title="Vincenz Czerny">
Vincenz Czerny

Vincenz Czerny (19 November 1842 – 3 October 1916) was a German Bohemian surgeon whose main contributions were in the fields of oncological and gynecological surgery. 
Czerny was born in Trutnov, Bohemia, Austro-Hungarian Empire. He initially studied at Karl-Ferdinand University in Prague, later transferring to the University of Vienna, where he was a student of Ernst Wilhelm von Brücke (1819–1892). In 1866 he graduated summa cum laude. Afterwards, he remained in Vienna as an assistant to Johann Ritter von Oppolzer (1808–1871) and Theodor Billroth (1829–1894). In 1871 he became a clinical director at the University of Freiburg.
In 1877 Czerny was appointed professor at Heidelberg, where he succeeded surgeon Gustav Simon (1824–1876). In 1906 he founded the "Institut für Experimentelle Krebsforschung" (Institute for Experimental Cancer Research), which was a forerunner to today's German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) in Heidelberg. Here he established a hospital for 47 cancer patients, known as the "Samariterhaus" (Samaritan House).
Czerny developed operational techniques for cancer surgery. He is also remembered for his treatment of patients with inoperable cancer. In 1887 Czerny performed the first open partial nephrectomy for renal carcinoma.
Czerny made contributions to other surgical fields, including a new radical operation for inguinal hernia, a pyelolithotomy for kidney stone disease, and in 1879 performed the first total hysterectomy via the vagina. He has been called the "father of cosmetic breast surgery": in 1895 he published the first account of a breast implant which he had carried out, by moving a benign lipoma to "avoid asymmetry" after removing a tumor in a patient's breast.
In 1901 Czerny was president of the German Society of Surgery, and in 1908 was president of the International Surgical Congress. His father-in-law was renowned German physician, Adolf Kussmaul (1822–1902). He died in Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg, German Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="5897733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897733" title="Doña Bárbara (RCTV TV series)">
Doña Bárbara (RCTV TV series)

Doña Bárbara (1975) is Venezuelan telenovela written by José Ignacio Cabrujas and Salvador Garmendia. It is based on the novel by Rómulo Gallegos. Production by RCTV.

</doc>
<doc id="5897734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897734" title="Robinsons, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Robinsons, Newfoundland and Labrador

Robinsons is a village in the Bay St. George area of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. "Robinson's Head" has been on maps since about 1798. The headland and community were named after John Robinson from Ireland who lived in a cave in Robinson's Head. "Robinson's Station" about two miles from the original village came into being after the railway was constructed in the late 1890s and people, mainly those working at railway maintenance, settled in the area where the local road intersected the railway. The name "Robinson's Station" became simply "Robinson's" on October 1, 1960. Robinson's had a population of 299 in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="5897737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897737" title="A. Vivaldi &quot;Guitar Concertos&quot;">
A. Vivaldi &quot;Guitar Concertos&quot;

"Vivaldi wrote many concertos for various instruments, including lute and mandolin. This Concerto in D major for Lute and Orchestra has been transcribed for guitar. It has been recorded by many artists. It remains one of the finest examples of the medium. This solo arrangement of the beautiful largo makes up the second movement. The sixth string is tuned down to D to accommodate the guitar." 
A. Vivaldi “Guitar Concertos” is Ahmet Kanneci's first album. It was recorded during the 50th Anniversary Concert of Hacettepe University Ankara State Conservatory.

</doc>
<doc id="5897742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897742" title="Social media">
Social media

Social media is the social interaction among people in which they create, share or exchange information and ideas in virtual communities and networks. Andreas Kaplan and Michael Haenlein define social media as "a group of Internet-based applications that build on the ideological and technological foundations of Web 2.0, and that allow the creation and exchange of user-generated content." Furthermore, social media depend on mobile and web-based technologies to create highly interactive platforms through which individuals and communities share, co-create, discuss, and modify user-generated content. They introduce substantial and pervasive changes to communication between organizations, communities, and individuals.
Social media differ from traditional or industrial media in many ways, including quality, reach, frequency, usability, immediacy, and permanence. There are many effects that stem from internet usage. According to Nielsen, internet users continue to spend more time with social media sites than any other type of site. At the same time, the total time spent on social media in the U.S. across PC and mobile devices increased by 37 percent to 121 billion minutes in July 2012 compared to 88 billion minutes in July 2011. For content contributors, the benefits of participating in social media have gone beyond simply social sharing to building reputation and bringing in career opportunities and monetary income, as discussed in Tang, Gu, and Whinston (2012).
Geocities, created in 1994, was one of the first social media sites. The concept was for users to create their own websites, characterized by one of six "cities" that were known for certain characteristics.
Classification of social media.
Social media technologies take on many different forms including magazines, Internet forums, weblogs, social blogs, microblogging, wikis, social networks, podcasts, photographs or pictures, video, rating and social bookmarking. Technologies include blogging, picture-sharing, vlogs, wall-posting, music-sharing, crowdsourcing and voice over IP, to name a few. Social network aggregation can integrate many of the platforms in use.
By applying a set of theories in the field of media research (social presence, media richness) and social processes (self-presentation, self-disclosure), Kaplan and Haenlein created a classification scheme in their "Business Horizons" (2010) article, with seven different types of social media:
However, the boundaries between the different types have become increasingly blurred. For example, Shi, Rui and Whinston (2013) argue that Twitter, as a combination of broadcasting service and social network, classes as a "social broadcasting technology".
Mobile social media.
Mobile social media refers to the combination of mobile devices and social media. This is a group of mobile marketing applications that allow the creation and exchange of user-generated content. Due to the fact that mobile social media run on mobile devices, they differ from traditional social media by incorporating new factors such as the current location of the user (location-sensitivity) or the time delay between sending and receiving messages(time-sensitivity). According to Andreas Kaplan, mobile social media applications can be differentiated among four types:
Mobile social media and business potential.
While traditional social media offer a variety of opportunities for companies in a wide range of business sectors, mobile social media makes use of the location- and time-sensitivity aspects of it in order to engage into marketing research, communication, sales promotions/discounts, and relationship development/loyalty programs.
Business Marketing Analysts have stated that one of the key take aways of the Nielsen Company's "State of the media: The social media report 2012" is that more consumers are accessing social media content today via mobile platforms, especially apps.
Distinction from other media.
E-commerce businesses may refer to social media as consumer-generated media (CGM). A common thread running through all definitions of social media is a blending of technology and social interaction for the co-creation of value.
People obtain information, education, news, and other data from electronic and print media. Social media are distinct from industrial or traditional media such as newspapers, television, and film as they are comparatively inexpensive and accessible. They enable anyone (even private individuals) to publish or access information. Industrial media generally require significant resources to publish information as in most cases the articles goes through many revisions before being published.
One characteristic shared by both social and industrial media is the capability to reach small or large audiences; for example, either a blog post or a television show may reach no people or millions of people. Some of the properties that help describe the differences between social and industrial media are:
Community media constitute a hybrid of industrial and social media. Though community-owned, some community radio, TV, and newspapers are run by professionals and some by amateurs. They use both social and industrial media frameworks.
Social media have also been recognized for the way they have changed how public relations professionals conduct their jobs. They have provided an open arena where people are free to exchange ideas on companies, brands, and products. As stated by Doc Searls and David Wagner, two authorities on the effects of Internet on marketing, advertising, and PR, "The best of the people in PR are not PR types at all. They understand that there aren't censors, they're the company's best conversationalists." Social media provides an environment where users and PR professionals can converse, and where PR professionals can promote their brand and improve their company's image by listening and responding to what the public is saying about their product.
Managing social media.
There is an increasing trend towards using social media monitoring tools that allow marketers to search, track, and analyze conversation on the web about their brand or about topics of interest. This can be useful in PR management and campaign tracking, allowing the user to measure return on investment, competitor-auditing, and general public engagement. Tools range from free, basic applications to subscription-based, more in-depth tools.
The honeycomb framework defines how social media services focus on some or all of seven functional building blocks. These building blocks help explain the engagement needs of the social media audience. For instance, LinkedIn users are thought to care mostly about identity, reputation, and relationships, whereas YouTube's primary features are sharing, conversations, groups, and reputation. Many companies build their own social containers that attempt to link the seven functional building blocks around their brands. These are private communities that engage people around a more narrow theme, as in around a particular brand, vocation or hobby, rather than social media containers such as Google+, Facebook, and Twitter. PR departments face significant challenges in dealing with viral negative sentiment directed at organizations or individuals on social media platforms (dubbed "sentimentitis"), which may be a reaction to an announcement or event.
Honeycomb framework of social media.
In a 2011 article, Jan H. Kietzmann, Kristopher Hermkens, Ian P. McCarthy and Bruno S. Silvestre 
"“present a framework that defines social media by using seven functional building blocks: identity, conversations, sharing, presence, relationships, reputation, and groups.”"
Building "social authority" and vanity.
It is through this process of "building social authority" that social media becomes effective. One of the foundational concepts in social media has become that you cannot completely control your message through social media but rather you can simply begin to participate in the "conversation" expecting that you can achieve a significant influence in that conversation.
However, this conversation participation must be cleverly executed because while people are resistant to marketing in general, they are even more resistant to direct or overt marketing through social media platforms. This may seem counterintuitive but is the main reason building social authority with credibility is so important. A marketer can generally not expect people to be receptive to a marketing message in and of itself. In the Edelman Trust Barometer report in 2008, the majority (58%) of the respondents reported they most trusted company or product information coming from "people like me" inferred to be information from someone they trusted. In the 2010 Trust Report, the majority switched to 64% preferring their information from industry experts and academics. According to Inc. Technology's Brent Leary, "This loss of trust, and the accompanying turn towards experts and authorities, seems to be coinciding with the rise of social media and networks."
Internet usage effects.
An increasing number of scholars have sought to study and measure the impact of social media. A 2010 study by the University of Maryland suggested that social media services may be addictive, and that using social media services may lead to a "fear of missing out," also known as the phrase "FOMO" by many students. It has been observed that Facebook is now the primary method for communication by college students in the U.S. According to Nielsen, global consumers spend more than six hours on social networking sites. "Social Media Revolution" produced by "Socialnomics" author Erik Qualman contains numerous statistics on social media including the fact that 93% of businesses use it for marketing and that if Facebook were a country it would be the third largest.
Several colleges and universities such as Harvard, Johns Hopkins, Columbia and Stanford among others have even introduced classes on best social media practices, preparing students for potential careers as digital strategists.
There are various statistics that account for social media usage and effectiveness for individuals worldwide. Some of the most recent statistics are as follows:
According to a report by Nielsen
Global usage.
According to the article "The Emerging Role of Social Media in Political and Regime Change" by Rita Safranek, "The Middle East and North Africa region has one of the most youthful populations in the world, with people under 25 making up between 35-45% of the population in each country. They make up the majority of social media users, including about 17 million Facebook users, 25,000 Twitter accounts and 40,000 active blogs, according to the Arab Advisors Group.
Effects of using social media for news purposes.
Social media has disrupted the personal and commercial habits of Americans to a degree not seen since the early days of television. Just as television turned a nation of people who "listened" to media content into "watchers" of media content, the emergence of social media has created a nation of media content creators. According to 2011 Pew Research data, nearly 80% of American adults are online and nearly 60% of them use social networking sites. More Americans get their news via the Internet than from newspapers or radio, as well as three-fourths who say they get news from e-mail or social media sites updates, according to a report published by CNN. The survey suggests that Facebook and Twitter make news a more participatory experience than before as people share news articles and comment on other people's posts. According to CNN, in 2010 75% of people got their news forwarded through e-mail or social media posts, while 37% of people shared a news item via Facebook or Twitter.
In the United States, 81% of people say they look online for news of the weather, first and foremost. National news at 73%, 52% for sports news, and 41% for entertainment or celebrity news. Based on this study, done for the Pew Center, two-thirds of the sample’s online news users were younger than 50, and 30% were younger than 30. The survey involved tracking daily the habits of 2,259 adults 18 or older.
33% of young adults get news from social networks. 34% watched TV news and 13% read print or digital content. 19% of Americans got news from Facebook, Google+, or LinkedIn. 36% of those who get news from social network got it yesterday from survey. More than 36% of Twitter users use accounts to follow news organizations or journalists. 19% of users say they got information from news organizations of journalists. TV remains most popular source of news, but audience is aging (only 34% of young people).
29% of those younger that 25 say they got no news yesterday either digitally or traditional news platforms. Only 5% under 30 say they follow news about political figures and events in DC. Only 14% of responders could answer all four questions about which party controls the House, current unemployment rate, what nation Angela Merkel leads, and which presidential candidate favors taxing higher-income Americans. Facebook and Twitter now pathways to news, but are not replacements for traditional ones. 70% get social media news from friends and family on Facebook.
For children, using social media sites can help promote creativity, interaction, and learning. It can also help them with homework and class work. Moreover, social media enable them to stay connected with their peers, and help them to interact with each other. Some can get involved with developing fundraising campaigns and political events. However it can affect mental health of teens. Teens who use Facebook frequently and who especially susceptible may become more narcissistic, antisocial, and aggressive. Teens become strongly influenced by advertising, and it influences buying habits for the future. Since the creation of Facebook in 2004, it has become a distraction and a way to waste time for many users. Americans spend more time on Facebook than any other website in the United States. Based on a Nielsen study, the average American has spent more than 17 minutes per day on the social media site.
In a recent study conducted, high school students ages 18 and younger were examined in an effort to find their preference for receiving news. Based on interviews with 61 teenagers, conducted from December 2007 to February 2011, most of the teen participants reported reading print newspapers only “sometimes,” with fewer than 10% reading them daily. The teenagers instead reported learning about current events from social media sites such as Facebook, MySpace, YouTube, and blogs. Another study showed that social media users read a set of news that is different from what newspaper editors feature in the print press.
Using nanotechnology as an example, Runge et al. (2013) studied tweets from Twitter and found that some 41% of the discourse about nanotechnology focused on its negative impacts, suggesting that a portion of the public may be concerned with how various forms of nanotechnology are used in the future. While optimistic-sounding and neutral-sounding tweets were equally likely to express certainty or uncertainty, the pessimistic tweets were nearly twice as likely to appear certain of an outcome than uncertain. These results imply the possibility of a preconceived negative perception of many news articles associated with nanotechnology. Alternatively, these results could also imply that posts of a more pessimistic nature that are also written with an air of certainty are more likely to be shared or otherwise permeate groups on Twitter. Similar biases need to be considered when the utility of new media is addressed, as the potential for human opinion to over-emphasize any particular news story is greater despite the general improvement in addressed potential uncertainty and bias in news articles than in traditional media.
On October 2, 2013, the most common hashtag throughout the country was “#governmentshutdown,” as well as ones focusing on political parties, Obama, and healthcare. Most news sources have twitter, and Facebook, pages, like CNN and the New York Times, providing links to their online articles, getting an increased readership. Additionally, several college news organizations and administrators have Twitter pages as a way to share news and connect to students.
According to "Reuters Institute Digital News Report 2013", in the US, among those who use social media to find news, 47% of these people are under 45 years old, and 23% are above 45 years old. However social media as a main news gateway does not follow the same pattern across countries. For example, in this report, in Brazil, 60% of the respondents said social media was one of the five most important way to find news online, 45% in Spain, 17% in the UK, 38% in Italy, 14% in France, 22% in Denmark, 30% in U.S., and 12% in Japan. Moreover, there are differences among countries about commenting news in social networks, 38% of the respondents in Brazil said they commented news in social network in a week. These percentages are 21% in U.S. and 10% in UK. The authors argued that difference among countries may due to culture difference rather than different levels of access to technical tools.
History and memory effects.
News media and television journalism have been instrumental in the shaping of American collective memory for much of the twentieth century. Indeed, since the United States' colonial era, news media has influenced collective memory and discourse about national development and trauma. In many ways, mainstream journalists have maintained an authoritative voice as the storytellers of the American past. Their documentary style narratives, detailed exposes, and their positions in the present make them prime sources for public memory. Specifically, news media journalists have shaped collective memory on nearly every major national event – from the deaths of social and political figures to the progression of political hopefuls. Journalists provide elaborate descriptions of commemorative events in U.S. history and contemporary popular cultural sensations. Many Americans learn the significance of historical events and political issues through news media, as they are presented on popular news stations. However, journalistic influence is growing less important, while social networking sites such as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter, provide a constant source of alternative news sources for users.
As social networking becomes more popular among older and younger generations, sites such as Facebook and YouTube, gradually undermine the traditionally authoritative voices of news media. For example, American citizens contest media coverage of various social and political events as they see fit, inserting their voices into the narratives about America's past and present and shaping their own collective memories. An example of this is the public explosion of the Trayvon Martin shooting in Sanford, Florida. News media coverage of the incident was minimal until social media users made the story recognizable through their constant discussion of the case. Approximately one month after the fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin, its online coverage by everyday Americans garnered national attention from mainstream media journalists, in turn exemplifying media activism. In some ways, the spread of this tragic event through alternative news sources parallels that of the Emmitt Till – whose murder became a national story after it circulated African American and Communists newspapers. Social media was also influential in the widespread attention given to the revolutionary outbreaks in the Middle East and North Africa during 2011. However, there is some debate about the extent to which social media facilitated this kind of change. Another example of this shift is in the on-going Kony 2012 campaign, which surfaced first on YouTube and later garnered a great amount of attention from mainstream news media journalists. These journalists now monitor social media sites to inform their reports on the movement. Lastly, in the past couple of presidential elections, the use of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter were used to predict election results. U.S. President Barack Obama was more liked on Facebook than his opponent Mitt Romney and it was found by a study done by Oxford Institute Internet Experiment that more people liked to tweet about comments of President Obama rather than Romney.
Criticisms of social media.
Criticisms of social media range from criticisms of the ease of use of specific platforms and their capabilities, disparity of information available, issues with trustworthiness and reliability of information presented, the impact of social media use on an individual's concentration, ownership of media content, and the meaning of interactions created by social media. Although some social media platforms offer users the opportunity to cross-post simultaneously, some social network platforms have been criticized for poor interoperability between platforms, which leads to the creation of information silos- isolated pockets of data contained in one social media platform However, it is also argued that social media have positive effects such as allowing the democratization of the internet while also allowing individuals to advertise themselves and form friendships.
Due to the increase in social media websites, there seems to be a positive correlation between the usage of such media with cyber-bullying, online sexual predators, and the decrease in face-to-face interactions. Social media may expose children to images of alcohol, tobacco, and sexual behaviors.
British-American entrepreneur and author Andrew Keen criticizes social media in his book "The Cult of the Amateur", writing, "Out of this anarchy, it suddenly became clear that what was governing the infinite monkeys now inputting away on the Internet was the law of digital Darwinism, the survival of the loudest and most opinionated. Under these rules, the only way to intellectually prevail is by infinite filibustering."
This is also relative to the issue "justice" in the social network. For example, the phenomenon “Human flesh search engine” in Asia raised the discussion of "private-law" brought by social network platform.
Comparative Media professor José van Dijck contends in her book "The Culture of Connectivity" (2013) that to understand the full weight of social media, their technological dimensions should be connected to the social and the cultural. She critically describes six social media platforms. One of her findings is the way Facebook had been successful in framing the term 'sharing' in such a way that third party use of user data is negelected in favour of intra-user connectedness.
Exclusiveness.
Tim Berners-Lee contends that the danger of social networking sites is that most are silos and do not allow users to port data from one site to another. He also cautions against social networks that grow too big and become a monopoly as this tends to limit innovation.
Disparity.
Eric Ehrmann contends that social media in the form of public diplomacy create a patina of inclusiveness that covers traditional economic interests that are structured to ensure that wealth is pumped up to the top of the economic pyramid, perpetuating the digital divide and post Marxian class conflict. He also voices concern over the trend that finds social utilities operating in a quasi-libertarian global environment of oligopoly that requires users in economically challenged nations to spend high percentages of annual income to pay for devices and services to participate in the social media lifestyle.
The phrase "Digital divide" was coined in 1996 by Lloyd Morrlsett, a founder of the Children's Television Workshop and President of the Markle Foundation, to describe the chasm that purportedly separates information technology (IT) haves from have-nots in the US. As Virginia Eubanks explains the digital divide in terms of social structure that have-not side users don't have much consumer power but the have side have the power. Money and labors go from the have-not to have.
Neil Postman also contends that social media will increase an information disparity between winners – who are able to use the social media actively – and losers – who are not familiar with modern technologies.
Trustworthiness.
Since large-scale collaborative co-creation is one of the main way forming information in the social network, the user generated content is sometimes viewed with skepticism; readers do not trust it is as a reliable source of information. Aniket Kittur, Bongowon Suh and Ed H. Chi took wikis under examination and indicated that, "One possibility is that distrust of wiki Content is not due to the inherently mutable nature of the system but instead to the lack of available information for judging trustworthiness.". To be more specific, the authors mention that reasons for distrusting collaborative systems with user-generated content, such as Wikipedia, include a lack of information regarding accuracy of contents, motives and expertise of editors, stability of content, coverage of topics and the absence of sources.
Social media is also an important source of news. According to 'Reuters Institute Digital News Report 2013', social media is one of the most important ways for people find news online (the others being traditional brands, search engines and news aggregators). The report suggested that in the United Kingdom, trust in news which comes from social media sources is low, compared to news from other sources (e.g. online news from traditional broadcaster or online news from national newspapers). People who aged at 24-35 trust social media most, whereas trust declined with the increase of age.
Rainie and Wellman have argued that media making now has become a participation work, which changes communication systems. The center of power is shifted from only the media (as the gatekeeper) to the peripheral area, which may include government, organizations, and out to the edge, the individual. These changes in communication systems raise empirical questions about trust to media effect. Prior empirical studies have shown that trust in information sources plays a major role in people’s decision making. People's attitudes more easily change when they hear messages from trustworthy sources. In the Reuter's report, 27% of respondents agree that they worry about the accuracy of a story on a blog. However, 40% of them believe the stories on blogs are more balanced than traditional papers since they are provided with a range of opinions. Recent research has shown that in the new social media communication environment, the civil or uncivil nature of comments will bias people's information processing even if the message is from a trustworthy source, which bring the practical and ethical question about the responsibility of communicator in the social media environment.
Concentration.
Some have said that "fast (social) media and deep slow thought don't mix well." From Nicholas Carr, "As media theorist Marshall McLuhan pointed out in 1960s, media are not just passive channels of information. They supply the stuff of thought, but they also shape the process of thought. And what the Net seems to be doing is chipping away my capacity for concentration and contemplation." However, there are several benefits brought from deep reading. For example, "our ability to interpret text, to make the rich mental connection that form when we read deeply and without distraction, remains largely disengaged." But needs for convenience often make it difficult to choose this slower, more deliberate way.
Few real impacts.
For Malcolm Gladwell the role of social media, such as Twitter and Facebook, in revolutions and protests is overstated. On the one hand, social media make it easier for individuals, and in this case activists, to express themselves. On the other hand, it is harder for that expression to have an impact.
Gladwell distinguishes between social media activism and high risk activism, which brings real changes. Activism and especially high-risk activism involves strong-tie relationships, hierarchies, coordination, motivation, exposing oneself to high risks, making sacrifices.
Gladwell discusses that social media are built around weak ties and he argues that "social networks are effective at increasing participation —by lessening the level of motivation that participation requires”. According to him “…Facebook activism succeeds not by motivating people to make a real sacrifice, but by motivating them to do the things that people do when they are not motivated enough to make a real sacrifice”.
Reliability.
Evgeny Morozov, 2009–2010 Yahoo fellow at Georgetown University contends that the information uploaded to Twitter may have little relevance to the rest of the people who do not use Twitter. In the article "Iran: Downside to the “Twitter Revolution”” in the magazine "Dissent ", he says:
"Twitter only adds to the noise: it’s simply impossible to pack much context into its 140 characters. All other biases are present as well: in a country like Iran it’s mostly pro-Western, technology-friendly and iPod-carrying young people who are the natural and most frequent users of Twitter. They are a tiny and, most important, extremely untypical segment of the Iranian population (the number of Twitter users in Iran — a country of more than seventy million people.)”
Even in the United States, the birth-country of Twitter, in 2012 the social network had only 107.7 million accounts. Since there are likely to be many multi-account users, and the United States in 2012 had a population of 314.7 million, the adoption of Twitter is somewhat limited.
Professor Matthew Auer of Bates College casts doubt on the conventional wisdom that social media are open and participatory. He also speculates on the emergence of "anti-social media" used as "instruments of pure control."
Ownership of social media content.
Social media content is generated through social media interactions done by the users through the site. There has always been a huge debate on the ownership of the content on social media platforms since it is generated by the users and hosted by the company. Added to this is the danger to security of information, which can be leaked to third parties with economic interests in the platform, or parasites who comb the data for their own databases. The author of "Social Media Is Bullshit", Brandon Mendelson, claims that the "true" owners of content created on social media sites only benefits the large corporations who own those sites and rarely the users that created them.
Privacy.
Privacy rights advocates warn users about uses for the information that can be gathered through social media. Some information is captured without the user's knowledge or consent, such as through electronic tracking and third party application on social networks. Others include law enforcement and governmental use of this information, including the gathering of so-called social media intelligence through data mining techniques.
Additional privacy concerns regard the impact of social media monitoring by employers whose policies include prohibitions against workers' postings on social networking sites. A survey done in 2010 from different universities revealed that there are lines drawn between personal and professional lives. Many of the users surveyed admitted to misrepresenting themselves online. Employees can be concerned because their social media sites reflect their personal lives and not their professional lives, but yet employers are censoring them on the internet.
Other privacy concerns with employers and social media are when employers use social media as a tool to screen a prospective employee. This issue raises many ethical questions that some consider an employer’s right and others consider discrimination. Except in the states of California, Maryland, and Illinois, there are no laws that prohibit employers from using social media profiles as a basis of whether or not someone should be hired. Title VII also prohibits discrimination during any aspect of employment including hiring or firing, recruitment, or testing.
Social media has been integrating itself into the workplace and this has led to conflicts within employees and employers. Particularly, Facebook has been seen as a popular platform for employers to investigate in order to learn more about potential employees. This conflict first started in Maryland when an employer requested and received an employee’s Facebook username and password. State lawmakers first introduced legislation in 2012 to prohibit employers from requesting passwords to personal social accounts in order to get a job or to keep a job. This led to Canada, Germany, the U.S. Congress and 11 U.S. states to pass or propose legislation that prevents employers’ access to private social accounts of employees.
Many Western European countries have already implemented laws that restrict the regulation of social media in the workplace. States including Arkansas, California, Colorado, Illinois, Maryland, Michigan, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, Utah, Washington and Wisconsin have passed legislation that protects potential employees and current employees from employers that demand them to give forth their username or password for a social media account. Laws that forbid employers from disciplining an employee based on activity off the job on social media sites have also been put into act in states including California, Colorado, Connecticut, North Dakota and New York. Several states have similar laws that protect students in colleges and universities from having to grant access to their social media accounts. Eight states have passed the law that prohibits post secondary institutions from demanding social media login information from any prospective or current students and privacy legislation has been introduced or is pending in at least 36 states as of July 2013.
As of May 2014, legislation has been introduced and is in the process of pending in at least 28 states and has been enacted in Maine and Wisconsin. In addition, the National Labor Relations Board has been devoting a lot of their attention to attacking employer policies regarding social media that can discipline employees who seek to speak and post freely on social media sites.
Effects on interpersonal relationships.
Data suggests that participants use social media to fulfill perceived social needs, but are typically disappointed.  Lonely individuals are drawn to the Internet for emotional support.  This causes problems as it interferes with “real life socializing”. Some of these views are summed up in an Atlantic article by Stephen Marche titled, "Is Facebook Making Us Lonely?"  Marche argues that social media provides more breadth, but not the depth of relationships that humans require.  While he makes interesting points about how social media is replacing face-to-face interaction, he fails to cite some of his sources.
Sherry Turkle explores similar issues in her book Alone Together, as she discusses how people confuse social media usage with authentic communication.  People tend to act differently online and are less afraid to hurt each other’s feelings.  Some online behaviors cause stress and anxiety, much of this associated with friends and the permanence of online posts.  This anxiety is also associated with the fear of being hacked or of colleges and employers exploring social media pages and finding unsavory things posted.  Turkle also speculates that people are beginning to prefer texting to face-to-face communication, which can contribute to feelings of loneliness.
Researchers found that only exchanges that involved direct communication and reciprocation of messages to each other increased feelings of connectedness.  However, passively using social media without sending or receiving messages to individuals does not make people feel less lonely unless they were lonely to begin with.
A current controversial topic is whether or not social media addiction should be included in the DSM-V.  Extended use of social media has led to increased Internet addiction, cyberbullying, sexting, sleep deprivation, and the decline of face-to-face interaction.  According to several clinics in the UK, social media addiction is a certifiable medical condition.  One psychiatric consultant claims he treats as many as one hundred cases a year.  And as the title of this article states, "Social media addiction recognised as official condition".
Social Isolationism: 
The largest form of social isolationism is caused by social networking websites, when the marketers affiliated with these websites actually limit the visibility of users to develop “artificial marketing.” Artificial marketing is something that occurs because of social media platforms, where marketers can follow users through their activities on the web and their individual searches. They are fed information that they already have some interest in, and therefore automatically use this to feed them more information, products, or sources that are all similar. This is a form of isolationism because people are not being exposed to different information, and are constantly trapped into thinking they need more of similar information. At times they don’t even see what else is out there, because of over exposure to the same kind of things.
Positive effects of social media.
In the book “Networked – The new social operating system” by Lee Rainie and Barry Wellman, the two authors reflect on mainly positive effects of social media and other internet based social networks. According to the authors, social media is used to document memories, learn about and explore things, advertise oneself and form friendships. For instance, they claim that the communication through internet based services can be done more privately than in real life. Furthermore, Rainie and Wellman discuss that everybody has the possibility to become a content creator. Content creation provides networked individuals opportunities to reach wider audiences. Moreover, it can positively affect their social standing and gain political support. This can lead to influence on issues that are important for someone. As a concrete example of the positive effects of social media, the authors use the Egyptian revolution in 2011, where people used Facebook to gather meetings, protest actions, etc.
Rainie and Wellman (Ibid) also discuss that content creation is a voluntary and participatory act. What is important is that networked individuals create, edit and manage content in collaboration with other networked individuals. This way they contribute in expanding knowledge. Wikis are examples of collaborative content creation.
Employment impact of Facebook.
Facebook has created issues among getting hired for jobs and losing jobs because of exposing inappropriate content. Facebook is a place on the Internet where users can update their statuses and express their personal opinions about life issues to their friends. This is controversial because employers can access their employee’s profiles, and judge them based on their social behavior. According to "Silicon Republic’s" statistics, 17,000 young people in six countries were interviewed in a survey. 1 in 10 people aged 16 to 34 have been rejected for a job because of comments on an online profile. This really shows the effects that Facebook has had on these individuals’ lives.
There have been numerous cases where employees have lost jobs because their opinions represented their companies negatively. In September 2013, there was a case when a woman got fired over Facebook because she posted disruptive information about her company stating that military patrons should not receive special treatment or discounts. A manager of the company found her opinion online, disagreed with it, and fired her because it completely went against the companies mission statement.
Not only have employees lost their jobs in the United States, but it has happened with Facebook users internationally. In April 2011, a Lloyd’s banking group employee in the United Kingdom was fired for making a sarcastic post about the higher salary of her boss in relation to hers. In November 2009, a women working for IBM in Quebec, Canada, lost her company’s health insurance benefits because she posted photos displaying her mental health problem. The company decided to cut her benefits because it was costing them additional funds.
These cases have created some privacy implications as to whether or not companies should have the right to look at employee’s Facebook profiles. In March 2012, Facebook decided they might take legal action against employers for gaining access to employee’s profiles through their passwords.
Social media in the classroom.
Having social media in the classroom has been a controversial topic for the last several years. Many parents and educators have been fearful of the repercussions of having social media in the classroom. As result, cell phones have been banned from classroom and schools have blocked many popular social media websites. However, despite adult’s apprehensions, students are (or will be) using social media. Schools have realized that they need to incorporate these tools into the classroom and rules are changing. The Peel District School Board (PDSB) in Ontario is one of many school boards that has begun to accept the use of social media in the classroom. In 2013, the PDSB introduced a “Bring Your Own Device” (BYOD) policy and have unblocked many social media sites. Fewkes and McCabe (2012) have researched about the benefits of using Facebook in the classroom.
Wikipedia.
In early 2013, Steve Joordens, a professor at the University of Toronto, encouraged the 1,900 students enrolled in his introductory psychology course to add content to Wikipedia pages featuring content that related to the course. Like other educators, Joordens argued that the assignment would not only strengthen the site’s psychology-related content, but also provide an opportunity for students to engage in critical reflection about the negotiations involved in collaborative knowledge production. However, Wikipedia’s all-volunteer editorial staff complained that the students’ contributions resulted in an overwhelming number of additions to the site, and that some of the contributions were inaccurate.
Wikipedia can also be incorporated into assignments related to the gender gap. A 2010 survey of more than 58,000 self-selected Wikipedians indicated that 87% of contributors to the site are male, and 13% are women. In response, the Wikipedia Foundation, which runs Wikipedia, has set a goal of raising the percentage of female contributors to 25% by 2015. As of October 23, 2013, the site’s “Wikipedians” page states that “Experienced women editors can be very successful—they are more likely to become administrators than men—but they are more likely to leave if treated aggressively in discussions, especially as new editors, when their good-faith contributions are more likely to be reverted than a similarly good-faith contribution by a man”. Wikimedia, Wikipedia’s meta-wiki, labels the gender gap a “very sensitive subject”. Noting that “eople who want to talk about the gender gap are sometimes victims of harassment,” Wikimedia argues that “The gender gap mailing list is the best place to talk about this with other people who are interested and can help.”
Facebook and the classroom.
Facebook represents a potentially useful tool in educational contexts. It allows for both an asynchronous and synchronous, open dialogue via a familiar and regularly accessed medium, and supports the integration of multimodal content such as student-created photographs and video and URLs to other texts, in a platform that many students are already familiar with. Further, it allows students to ask more minor questions that they might not otherwise feel motivated to visit a professor in person during office hours to ask. It also allows students to manage their own privacy settings, and often work with the privacy settings they have already established as registered users.
Facebook is one alternative means for shyer students to be able to voice their thoughts in and outside of the classroom. It allows students to collect their thoughts and articulate them in writing before committing to their expression. Further, the level of informality typical to Facebook can also aid students in self-expression and encourage more frequent student-and-instructor and student-and-student communication. At the same time, Towner and Munoz note that this informality may actually drive many educators and students away from using Facebook for educational purposes.
From a course management perspective, Facebook may be less efficient as a replacement for more conventional course management systems, both because of its limitations with regards to uploading assignments and due to some students’ (and educators’) resistance to its use in education. Specifically, there are features of student-to-student collaboration that may be conducted more efficiently on dedicated course management systems, such as the organization of posts in a nested and linked format. That said, a number of studies suggest that students post to discussion forums more frequently and are generally more active discussants on Facebook posts versus conventional course management systems like WebCT or Blackboard (Chu and Meulemans, 2008; Salaway, et al., 2008; Schroeder and Greenbowe, 2009).
Additionally, Facebook’s privacy settings can be difficult to understand and manage, leaving some potential users – particularly females and older students – uncomfortable about the level of privacy and safety afforded them. Further, familiarity and comfortability with Facebook is often divided by socio-economic class, with students whose parents obtained a college degree, or at least having attended college for some span of time, being more likely to already be active users. Instructors ought to seriously consider and respect these hesitancies, and refrain from “forcing” Facebook on their students for academic purposes. Instructors also ought to consider that rendering Facebook optional, but continuing to provide content through it to students who elect to use it, places an unfair burden on hesitant students, who then are forced to choose between using a technology they are uncomfortable with and participating fully in the course. A related limitation, particularly at the level of K-12 schooling, is the distrust (and in some cases, outright disallowal) of the use of Facebook in formal classroom settings in many educational jurisdictions.
However, this hesitancy towards Facebook use is continually diminishing in the United States, as the Pew Internet & American Life Project’s annual report for 2012 shows that the likelihood of a person to be a registered Facebook user only fluctuates by 13 percent between different levels of educational attainment, 9 percent between urban, suburban, and rural users, only 5 percent between different household income brackets. The largest gap occurs between age brackets, with 86 percent of 18-29-year-olds reported as registered users as opposed to only 35 percent of 65-and-up-year-old users.
Twitter.
Twitter, also, promotes social connections among students. It can be used to enhance communication building and critical thinking. Domizi (2013) utilized Twitter in a graduate seminar requiring students to post weekly tweets to extend classroom discussions. Students reportedly used Twitter to connect with content and other students. Additionally, students found it “to be useful professionally and personally” Junco, Heibergert, and Loken (2011) completed a study of 132 students to examine the link between social media and student engagement and social media and grades. They divided the students into two groups, one used Twitter and the other did not. Twitter was used to discuss material, organize study groups, post class announcements, and connect with classmates. Junco and his colleagues (2011) found that the students in the Twitter group had higher GPAs and greater engagement scores than the control group Gao, Luo, and Zhang (2012) reviewed literature about Twitter published between 2008 and 2011. They concluded that Twitter allowed students to participate with each other in class (back channel), and extend discussion outside of class. They also reported that students used Twitter to get up-to-date news and connect with professionals in their field. Students reported that microblogging encouraged students to “participate at a higher level” Since the posts cannot exceed 140 characters, students were required to express ideas, reflect, and focus on important concepts in a concise manner. Some students found this very beneficial. Other students did not like the character limit. Also, some students found microblogging to be overwhelming (information overload). The research indicated that many students did not actually participate in the discussions, “they just lurked”
YouTube.
YouTube is the most frequently used social media tool in the classroom. Students can watch videos, answer questions, and discuss content. Additionally, students can create videos to share with others. Sherer and Shea (2011) claimed that YouTube increased participation, personalization (customization), and productivity. YouTube also improved students’ digital skills and provided opportunity for peer learning and problem solving (2012) found that videos kept students’ attention, generated interest in the subject, and clarified course content Additionally, the students reported that the videos helped them recall information and visualize real world applications of course concepts.
Advertising on social media.
Tweets containing advertising.
In 2013, the United Kingdom Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) began to advise celebrities and sportstars to make it clear if they had been paid to tweet about a product or service by using the hashtag #spon or #ad within tweets containing endorsements. In July 2013, Wayne Rooney was accused of misleading followers by not including either of these tags in a tweet promoting Nike. The tweet read:
"The pitches change. The killer instinct doesn’t. Own the turf, anywhere. @NikeFootball #myground."
The tweet was investigated by the ASA but no charges were pressed. The ASA stated that “We considered the reference to Nike Football was prominent and clearly linked the tweet with the Nike brand." When asked about whether the number of complaints regarding misleading social advertising had increased, the ASA stated that the number of complaints had risen marginally since 2011 but that complaints were "very low" in the "grand scheme."
Notes and references.
Building a Personal Relationship through Social Media: A Study of Millennial Students' Brand Engagement.
Agozzino, Alisa. "Building A Personal Relationship Through Social Media: A Study Of Millennial Students' Brand Engagement." Ohio Communication Journal 50.(2012): 181-204. Communication Abstracts. Web. 3 Dec. 2013.
The power of prediction with social media.
Schoen, Harald, et al. "The Power Of Prediction With Social Media." Internet Research 23.5 (2013): 528-543. Communication Abstracts. Web. 3 Dec. 2013.
Ages, Pigments Through the. Pigments Through the Ages. 12 02 2014. 12 02 2014 <http://www.webexhibits.org/pigments/intro/early.html>.
Tedesco, Laura Anne. The Metropolitan Museum of Art. 200-2013. 12 02 2014 <http://www.metmuseum.org/toah/hd/lasc/hd_lasc.htm>.
Bibliography.
Ages, Pigments Through the. Pigments Through the Ages. 12 02 2014. 12 02 2014 <http://www.webexhibits.org/pigments/intro/early.html>.
Tedesco, Laura Anne. The Metropolitan Museum of Art. 200-2013. 12 02 2014 <http://www.metmuseum.org/toah/hd/lasc/hd_lasc.htm>.

</doc>
<doc id="5897744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897744" title="Nova Scotia Route 276">
Nova Scotia Route 276

Route 276 is a short collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. It is located in Guysborough County and connects South Lochaber at Trunk 7 with Goshen at Route 316.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5897750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897750" title="Rock Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Rock Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador

Rock Harbour is a village located east of Marystown, Newfoundland and Labrador, on Placentia Bay. A Major employer at one point was a nearby fish processing plant operated by FPI then OCI(closed as of 2011))in Marystown and at the Peter Kiewit and Sons Marystown and Cow head Facilities, but most of the population rely on work elsewhere in the province and country working as skilled tradespersons.<br> Rock Harbour had a population of 149 with 40 households in 1921 and 142 in 1956. The population as of the 2011 Canada census was 66.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5897752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897752" title="Centro (Madrid)">
Centro (Madrid)

Centro is the central district of the city of Madrid, Spain. It is approximately 5,23 km² in size. It has a population of 148,714 and a population density of 28434,8/km².
Geography.
Subdivision.
The district is administratively divided into 6 wards ("Barrios"):
Other relevant neighborhoods are La Latina, Lavapiés and Puerta del Sol.

</doc>
<doc id="5897758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897758" title="Winslow Oliver">
Winslow Oliver

Winslow Paul Oliver (born March 3, 1973 in Houston, Texas) is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Carolina Panthers and the Atlanta Falcons.
Career.
Oliver is a 1991 graduate of Kempner High School in Sugar Land, Texas. He also attended the University of New Mexico, where he set a number of team records and was awarded the 1996 Hula Bowl MVP.
In the third round of the 1996 NFL Draft (#73 overall pick) Oliver was selected by the Panthers. He played for the Panthers for three seasons, mainly on special teams. His jersey was #20. The highlight of his career was an 84 yard punt return for a touchdown against the New Orleans Saints on September 8, 1996.
He became a free agent and played for the Falcons in the 1999 and 2000 seasons, before being released. He wore #26 for the Falcons.
He is the subject of the April 24, 2012 ESPN Daily Sports Trivia Calendar with the question "Which Carolina Panther averaged 11.5 yards per punt return in 1996?"

</doc>
<doc id="5897761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897761" title="Bryan D. Brown">
Bryan D. Brown

Bryan Douglas "Doug" Brown (born 20 October 1948) was a four-star United States Army general, who retired in 2007 after four decades of military service. In his final assignment, he served as the seventh commander of U.S. Special Operations Command (USSOCOM), from 2 September 2003 until 9 July 2007. As USSOCOM's commander, he was responsible for all unified special operations forces (SOF), both active duty and reserve.
Brown joined the United States Army in 1967 as a private in the infantry and after graduating from Special Forces Qualification Course, he became a Green Beret. Shortly afterwards he fought in the Vietnam War as part of a Special Forces "A" team. After returning from his combat tour he enrolled in Officer Candidate School and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in May 1970. After attending Army Aviation School he returned to Vietnam as a UH-1 helicopter pilot. After the Vietnam War he was part of a task force that would go on to later found the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment in 1981. During his stint in the 160th SOAR Brown took part in numerous contingency operations in the 1980s and early 1990s. In 1983 Brown participated in the invasion of Grenada where his unit became the first aviation unit to use night vision goggles in combat. In the late 1980s he led all U.S. forces assigned to Operation Prime Chance in the Persian Gulf amidst the Iran-Iraq War. Shortly thereafter he commanded a battalion within 160th SOAR during Operation Desert Storm; after which he was promoted to colonel and commander of the regiment. After leaving 160th SOAR Brown served at the helm of Joint Special Operations Command from 1998–2000 and then U.S. Army Special Operations Command from 2000–2002.
In 2002, Brown became the deputy commander of U.S. Special Operations Command and, holding the post until 2003 when he was selected to replace Air Force General Charles R. Holland as Commander of U.S. Special Operations Command. Shortly after becoming the head of USSOCOM, in 2004, he was involved in the aftermath of the Pat Tillman friendly fire incident which culminated when he testified before the congressional Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in 2007. Also during his tenure in command of USSOCOM he announced the creation of Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command in 2006. Brown retired in 2007 after leading USSOCOM through four years of the Iraq War and War in Afghanistan.
Early life and family.
A native of Fort Meade, Maryland, Brown grew up in a military family. His father, Arnett Brown, was a member of the 89th Infantry Division during World War II, who became a Command Sergeant Major and served in the Vietnam War. His mother was Mary Lou Brown. Brown played baseball and basketball in high school, and eventually made it onto a semi-pro baseball team in Fayetteville, North Carolina. In a 2009 interview with "The Year in Special Operations", he commented on his short-lived semi-pro baseball career, saying, "I played three games with them and found that life couldn’t be sustained on $3 per game". Losing interest in college, and with his father in Vietnam, he walked into a recruiting office and joined the Army as an infantryman. He is married to Penelope "Penny" Brown (née Whightsil), a native of Fayetteville. Together, they have two daughters and five grandchildren.
Military service.
Early military career and Vietnam.
He entered the Army in 1966 as a private in the infantry. [http://www.defense.gov/news/newsarticle.aspx?id=46683] While attending Airborne School at Fort Bragg in North Carolina, he signed up for Army Special Forces (SF) after meeting Army SF recruiters. After Brown completed the Special Forces Qualification Course, he was assigned to the 7th Special Forces Group. Shortly thereafter, he deployed to Vietnam as part of a Special Forces "A Team". His interest in aviation started after returning to the United States from his tour in Vietnam. While at Mountain Ranger Camp, he became enthralled with helicopters after he was asked by a UH-1 helicopter pilot to assist him in conducting reconnaissance flight over northern Georgia. Immediately afterwards, he signed up for Officer Candidate School (OCS) and flight school. He graduated OCS in May 1970, obtaining a field artillery officer commission as a second lieutenant. He was thereafter stationed at Camp Pelham, South Korea as part of the Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 2/17th Field Artillery Regiment.
Brown went on to earn his aviator badge in 1971 after attending Army Aviation School at Fort Rucker, Alabama. After aviation school, he returned to Vietnam as a UH-1 helicopter pilot in the 129th Assault Helicopter Company. He would go on to become the first member of the aviation branch to attain the rank of four-star general. In June 1978, Brown was assigned to the 158th Aviation Battalion at Fort Campbell, Kentucky flying Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawks. While a member of the 158th Aviation Battalion Brown was a Company Commander. The 158th Aviation Battalion was originally part of the 101st Aviation Group, the air arm of the 101st Airborne Division.
Operation Credible Sport.
In 1979, Iranian students seized the American embassy in Tehran and held the embassy staff hostage; the first rescue operation, code-named Eagle Claw ended in failure due to equipment and coordination problems, culminating in the crash of a RH-53D Sea Stallion helicopter into a parked C-130 Hercules in the Iranian desert, killing eight servicemen. A second rescue attempt, Operation Credible Sport, was ordered, and Brown was involved in planning and preparation. The follow-up rescue included U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy and Army assets. The Army units involved were the battalions that made up the 101st Aviation Group: the 158th Aviation Battalion, the 229th Aviation Battalion and the 159th Aviation Battalion. All three battalions formed Task Force 158. President Carter meanwhile appointed the former Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral James L. Holloway, III, to head a commission to study the deficiencies revealed by the failure of Eagle Claw. Among the presented findings was the fact that the military lacked aircraft and crews who were trained and prepared to perform these mission types.
The Task Force began night flight training using night vision goggles (NVG) to develop nighttime extraction capabilities; however, they were doing so with AN/PVS-5 NVGs which were originally developed for ground forces. Never before had anyone in the U.S. Department of Defense flown in NVGs and the Task Force quickly adapted the NVGs for flying and by Brown's own words "a warrant officer figured out we could cut them apart and mount them to our helmets and increase our efficiency and safety by a huge margin. So there we were, without authority, cutting up goggles and building our own NVGs." Their nighttime training took place at Dugway Proving Ground, Utah. As a result of the night vision goggle training Brown asserted in a 2011 interview that "most of today's NVG tactics, techniques, and procedures as well as Black Hawk and Chinook modifications came directly from that mission." Ultimately Operation Credible Sport did not come to fruition due to a peaceful resolution to the crisis where the hostages were released as a result of long negotiations.
160th SOAR.
After Operation Credible Sport ended the Army leadership decided the unit was needed for future contingency operations. Thusly, on October 16, 1981 Task Force 158 became the 160th Aviation Battalion, with Brown a founding member. The choice of the unit's name was accepted by the U.S. Army Institute of Heraldry as a logical progression of the 101st's 158th and 159th Battalions. The 160th Aviation Battalion was later renamed the 160th Special Operations Aviation Group in 1986; it wasn't until 1990 when it would take on its current name, 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment. In October 1983, Brown participated in the invasion of Grenada, during which his unit became the first aviation unit to use night vision goggles in combat. In the late 1980s, Brown led all U.S. forces assigned to Operation Prime Chance, which provided escort security for American-flagged Kuwaiti tankers during the Iran-Iraq War. During Operation Prime Chance Brown's unit became the first aviation unit to engage in combat using night vision devices when they engaged an Iranian-flagged ship, "Iran Ajr", that was seen deploying mines in the Persian Gulf.
In 1988, he participated in Operation Mount Hope III, during which U.S. forces recovered a crashed Soviet-made Mi-24 Hind attack helicopter in Chad. Company E of the 160th deployed to N'Djamena, Chad via C-5 Galaxy. Once in Chad the company flew two CH-47 Chinooks 490 nautical miles at night, without the use of navigational aids, to the crash site. Once at the crash site the crews harnessed the crashed Hind to a Chinook via sling-load. During the returning flight both Chinooks performed an air-to-air refuel with a C-130; and later endured a sandstorm before returning with the Hind.
During the Persian Gulf War in 1991, Brown commanded a battalion within 160th SOAR for both Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm. Their missions during the operations included inserting and extracting Special Forces teams; resupplying SOF units; performing reconnaissance; and attacking pre-designated targets. Brown became the third commanding officer of the Regiment after Desert Storm.
General Officer.
Between 1994 and 1996, Brown served as assistant division commander for maneuver, 1st Infantry Division (Mechanized), at Fort Riley, Kansas. He later served as director of Plans, Policy and Strategic Assessments (J5/J7) at U.S. Special Operations Command. As a lieutenant general, he commanded the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC) from 1998–2000. Brown went on to lead U.S. Army Special Operations Command (USASOC) from October 2000 to 2002.
While at the helm of USASOC, Brown sought to modernize neglected aspects of Army special operations, mainly the civil affairs and psychological operations units. By the time Brown left, he had increased USASOC's budget by 200 percent. After leading all of the Army's special operations forces for two years, Brown was selected to become the Deputy Commander of U.S. Special Operations Command. He held the position from 2002 until 2003 when he was nominated to take over U.S. Special Operations Command.
Commander of USSOCOM.
On 2 September 2003, Brown replaced Air Force General Charles R. Holland as the Commander of U.S. Special Operations Command. During Brown's tenure as USSOCOM commander, he was involved in the aftermath of the Pat Tillman friendly fire incident that occurred in early 2004. He testified before the congressional Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in 2007 about receiving a memo from Lt. Gen. Stanley McChrystal, then-commander of JSOC, informing Brown that it was "highly possible that Corporal Tillman was killed by friendly fire". Ultimately, former commanding general of USASOC Lt. Gen. Philip Kensinger and other Army officers were held responsible for the mishandling of information surrounding Tillman's death.
On 23 November 2005, Brown, together with U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, and Marine Corps Commandant General Michael Hagee announced the creation of the Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command (MARSOC). Prior to the creation of MARSOC, the Marine Corps had not been involved in special operations, which were conducted by Army, Navy and Air Force units assigned to U.S. Special Operations Command. After the September 11 attacks, the Secretary of Defense had directed the Marine Corps and Brown's predecessor to work closer together in the Global War on Terror. This culminated in the creation of MCSOCOM Detachment One on 19 June 2003, shortly before Brown took command of USSOCOM. It was nearly three years later on 24 February 2006, when MARSOC was activated at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.
In 2006 Brown oversaw the SOF component of the Quadrennial Defense Review (QDR) which is a legislatively-mandated study by the Department of Defense that analyzes strategic objectives and potential military threats. As a result of Brown's contributions to the 2006 QDR were considered a success and a "major stride forward" in preparing U.S. special forces for future contingencies by increasing the SOF budget and manpower. As a result of the 2006 QDR the capabilities of USSOCOM were greatly expanded, including increasing active-duty Special Forces battalions by one-third, expansion of psychological operations and civil affairs units by 33%, increasing the number of Navy SEALs, among other major changes.
After four years of leading USSOCOM through the Iraq War and War in Afghanistan, President George W. Bush nominated Rear Admiral Eric T. Olson to succeed Brown as the commander of U.S. Special Operations Command on 11 May 2007. Brown and Olson had served at the USSOCOM headquarters in Tampa together for four years, and Olson had been the deputy commander since 2003. The change of command ceremony took place on 9 July 2007, at the Tampa Convention Center. It was presided over by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates. During the ceremony, Gates said, "He came to this post four years ago determined to improve the way special operators fight. He has done just that". At the time of the change of command ceremony Brown was the longest serving commander in U.S. Special Operations Command history with 1,406 days in office. Over the course of his military career, Brown amassed a total of 4,400 hours of flight time in fixed and rotary-winged aircraft.
Education.
His military education included the Field Artillery Officer Advance Course, U.S. Army Command and General Staff College and the United States Army War College. At the Army War College in 1992, a then-Lieutenant Colonel Brown co-wrote a military studies program with future United States Northern Command commander, Victor E. Renuart, Jr., a paper titled "Combat Search and Rescue: A Search for Tomorrow". In it, Brown was highly critical of the United States Air Force, saying, "The U.S. Air Force is the proponent agency for search and rescue, but chose not to deploy any forces to Desert Storm". Brown graduated from the Harvard Executive Education Program's National and International Security Managers Course. He received a bachelor's degree in history from Cameron University, as well as a master's degree in business from Webster University.
Post-military life.
In November 2007, shortly after Brown retired from the Army, he joined the board of directors for Aurora Flight Sciences, which specializes in the scientific and military applications of robotic aircraft and aerospace vehicles. Brown is the president and founder of his own consultation firm, Tier 4 Consulting. He serves on the board of directors for the Special Operations Warrior Foundation, and the board of directors for The Protective Group, a company which specializes in developing composite armor for personnel, vehicles and aircraft. He is a senior advisor to the CEO of Smith & Wesson.
Awards and honors.
General Brown was awarded the following military awards and decorations:
Other accolades.
Shortly after his retirement, Brown was named "Patriot of the Year" for 2007 by the Congressional Medal of Honor Society, and he also received the Ellis Island Medal of Honor. The following year, he was inducted into the Army Aviation Hall of Fame. The Association of Special Operations Professionals named Brown "Man of the Year" in 2011. In 2012, the 160th SOAR compound at Fort Campbell was renamed the "Gen. Bryan "Doug" Brown Compound" in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="5897762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897762" title="USS Burleson (APA-67)">
USS Burleson (APA-67)

USS "Burleson" (APA-67), a "Gilliam"-class attack transport, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Burleson County, Texas. Her keel was laid down on 22 April 1944 at Wilmington, California, by the Consolidated Steel Corporation under a Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1860). She was launched on 11 July 1944 sponsored by Mrs. Darryl F. Zanuck, delivered to the Navy on 7 November 1944, and commissioned on 8 November 1944 with Lieutenant Commander B. Hartley, USNR, in command. The ship was named after a county in east central Texas about 60 miles due east of Austin.
Following shakedown training out of San Diego, California, and post-shakedown repairs at Terminal Island, the attack transport got underway for the southwestern Pacific on 17 January 1945. She stopped at Tillotson Cove in the Russell Islands from 3 February to 11 February. On the latter day, she moved over to Guadalcanal. "Burleson" operated at various locations in the Guadalcanal–Tulagi area conducting amphibious training until mid-March. On 15 March, the ship set a course for Ulithi Atoll. She spent the period 21 March to 27 March at anchor in Ulithi lagoon and, on the latter day, got underway in convoy bound for the Ryukyu Islands.
"Burleson" entered the transport area off Okinawa on the morning of 1 April 1945, the day of the initial assault, but she did not begin unloading until the following day. Those operations continued until 7 April when she put to sea bound for Guam. The attack transport spent the night of 11 April and 12 April at Apra Harbor, Guam, and then resumed her voyage. She arrived in Pearl Harbor on 23 April. "Burleson" remained in the Hawaiian Islands for two months. She conducted several amphibious training exercises at Maui and underwent repairs at the Pearl Harbor Navy Yard. On 25 June, the ship got underway from Pearl Harbor on her way back to the western Pacific.
After stops at Eniwetok and Ulithi, the attack transport arrived back at Okinawa on 5 August. She unloaded her cargo and disembarked her passengers at Buckner Bay. "Burleson" stayed at Okinawa beyond the end of hostilities on 15 August and through the end of August. On 5 September, she got underway for the Asian mainland. "Burleson" arrived at Jinsen, Korea, on 8 September and began disembarking troops assigned to military government units. On 13 September, she returned to Okinawa and operated in the Ryukyu Islands until 26 September. On that day, she departed Okinawa with elements of the First Marine Division embarked. The attack transport reached Taku, China, on 30 September and spent the next five days disembarking troops and unloading cargo.
She continued to perform duty in support of occupation forces until November when she returned to Pearl Harbor with a complement of troops returning home. In December, she was assigned to the 14th Naval District temporarily to undergo modifications preparatory to her participation in Operation Crossroads, nuclear tests scheduled for the following summer at Bikini Atoll. In June 1946, "Burleson" moved from Pearl Harbor to Bikini carrying animals to be used in the two nuclear tests. She observed both tests and moved into the test area after each to remove the animals for study.
At the end of the summer of 1946, "Burleson" sailed to the East Coast of the United States. She reported for duty at the Naval Amphibious Base, Little Creek, Virginia, where she was decommissioned on 9 November 1946. That event, however, did not end her service. She was retained in an "in reserve, in service" status as a cargo-handling training ship at Little Creek, Virginia. On 5 October 1956 "Burleson" was redesignated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel IX-67. She continued to serve as a training ship at Little Creek until her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 September 1968. On 20 November 1968, she was sold to the North American Smelting Company for scrapping.
"Burleson" received one battle star for her World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="5897764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897764" title="USS Guinevere (IX-67)">
USS Guinevere (IX-67)

USS "Guinevere" (IX-67), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy of that name. In both cases the name was given by the ship's former owner, possibly for Queen Guinevere or another woman named for her.
Built as an auxiliary schooner by George Lawley & Son, of Neponset, Massachusetts, in 1921, and acquired from her owner, Edgar Palmer of New York on 24 March 1942, she was commissioned on 16 June 1942 at Brooklyn, New York, with Lieutenant Henry H. Anderson in command.
After a brief shakedown, "Guinevere" performed harbor patrol at Boston, Massachusetts, escorted newly formed convoys out to sea, and periodically sailed to patrol off the coast of Greenland. She decommissioned on 2 August 1945 and her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 13 August. She was transferred to the Maritime Commission for sale into private ownership 25 April 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="5897767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897767" title="Andrew Johnson (actor)">
Andrew Johnson (actor)

Andrew Johnson (born in London, 1955) is a British Asian actor.
He is most famous for being one of the original cast members of "EastEnders", playing the shop-keeper Saeed Jeffery from February 1985 - December 1985. During his time on the show, Johnson's troubled character struggled in an arranged marriage to an unwilling wife, Naima (played by Shreela Ghosh).
After leaving "EastEnders" Johnson moved to Hollywood, but a successful film career failed to materialise. He eventually got minor roles in the amateur detective series "Murder She Wrote" and later in the ITV drama, "Inspector Morse". In 2005 he appeared in the low-budget film "Secret Agent 420".

</doc>
<doc id="5897773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897773" title="Burn Burn (song)">
Burn Burn (song)

"Burn Burn" is the first single from "Start Something", the second album from the Welsh rock band Lostprophets. The video for the single was filmed in The Roundhouse, Camden, London.
Release and reception.
"Burn Burn" was released in the winter of 2003 and became one of the most successful songs from "Start Something" on the rock charts. "Burn Burn" charted at 81 on the German Single Chart and on 48 on the Australian Singles Chart. "Last Train Home" is their second single to ever chart in the US — the first one is "Shinobi vs. Dragon Ninja." "Burn Burn" is their only single to ever chart in Germany.
Dan Martin of NME said "It’s still metal, but wonder at how the single 'Burn Burn' gleams more with the spirit of glam than downtuned riff rock." Kirk Miller of Rolling Stone said "Standouts such as 'Last Train Home' and 'Burn Burn' hint at something awesome. In the meantime, it's a kick-ass tribute."
The track "Lucky You" has had over 250,000 plays on Last.FM and is one of the band's most popular tracks to have not appeared on a studio album.
Cultural references.
"Burn Burn" was featured in the soundtrack of sports video game "FIFA Football 2004".

</doc>
<doc id="5897780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897780" title="United States presidential election in North Carolina, 2004">
United States presidential election in North Carolina, 2004

The 2004 United States presidential election in North Carolina took place on November 2, 2004 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose 15 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
North Carolina was won by incumbent President George W. Bush by a 12.4% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Bush would win, or otherwise considered as a red state. NC was the home state of John Edwards, Democratic nominee for vice-president, who was then representing the state in the United States Senate. This was not enough for Democrats to break Republican success in this state since the 1976 presidential election of Jimmy Carter.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 12 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day.
Polling.
Bush won every single pre-election poll. The final 3 poll average showed Bush leading 52% to 44%.
Fundraising.
Bush raised $4,465,160. Kerry raised $2,049,794.
Advertising and visits.
Neither campaign advertised or visited the state during the fall campaign.
Analysis.
John Edwards failed to make his home state competitive in the general election. The main reason why is that Bush's approval rating was consistently above 50%. Matthew Dowd, chief strategist for the Bush campaign, says the findings indicate that the Tar Heel state remains safely Republican in the presidential election. Polls showed Kerry had a strong 44% of voters in NC, but Bush consistently polled between 49%–54% and his approval ratings remained in the lower 50% range. In the end, Edwards didn't even have any effect on North Carolina's results, as they were identical to the 2000 results.
Bush won a majority of the 100 counties and congressional districts. The only region in the state that Kerry dominated in was the Northeast part of the state, the location of North Carolina's 1st congressional district. The only significant improvement Kerry–Edwards made on Al Gore in 2000 was winning heavy populated Mecklenburg County.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Bush won 9 of 13 congressional districts.
Electors.
Technically the voters of NC cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. NC is allocated 15 electors because it has 13 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 15 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 15 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 13, 2004 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All were pledged to and voted for Bush/Cheney:

</doc>
<doc id="5897787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897787" title="Bill the Minder">
Bill the Minder

Bill the Minder is a book and television series that tells of the adventures of a 15 year old boy and his cousins Boadicea and Chad. In the process of their adventures they meet many strange people and help solve their unique problems with the use of fantastic machines which Bill is very capable of crafting in a short time.
The original book was written and illustrated by W. Heath Robinson and published in 1912. The televised series contains a large number of the fantastic machines that Robinson is famed for.
The short series was produced at Bevanfield Films for Central Independent Television and shown on ITV.
Episode synopses.
After the brief title sequence with title music the narrator introduces the characters (the same way each episode except for the first), his introduction goes like this:
At the end of the episode the same basic title page is displayed but with more credits and the same title music is played.

</doc>
<doc id="5897793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897793" title="Rocky Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Rocky Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador

Rocky Harbour is a town located on the western edge of Newfoundland, near the entrance to Bonne Bay. The harbour was previously known as Small Bay or Little Harbour. The town is surrounded by the Gros Morne National Park, a World Heritage Site.
Arrowheads show that Micmac Indians once inhabited the area. During the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, the harbour was frequented by the early French fisherman when it came under the French Shore fishery. The first year Rocky Harbour appeared in the census figures was in 1874, when it had a population of 35.
A Post Office was established there in 1900. It became a Local Government Community in April 1966. Following the opening of Gros Morne National Park in 1973, the population further increased and services such as an RCMP detachment were added. area. It had a population of 357 in 1921. In 2011, the population was 979.
Rocky Harbour is a key tourist town in central Gros Morne National Park, offering nature and scenery viewing, and access to hiking trails.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5897808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897808" title="Roddickton">
Roddickton

Roddickton is a community located on the eastern side of the Great Northern Peninsula. It amalgamated with the former Town of Bide Arm on January 1, 2009 to create the Town of Roddickton-Bide Arm.
Roddickton was originally named Eastern Brook and was used by residents of Englee, a small fishing community for salmon fishing, hunting and trapping. In 1906, the Grenfell Mission began a sawmill operation here and the name was changed to Roddickton in honour of Thomas George Roddick, a supporter of the mission. The first permanent settlers of the community were residents from Englee and Wild Cove who went there to work in the sawmill operation and to clear land for growing crops for the St. Anthony hospital. The first census was taken in 1911, and showed a population of 46, but the sawmill closed and by 1921 there were only 8 residents left and the community was abandoned the next year. Four years later, the sawmill was reopened and in the 1930s Bowater began pulpwood cutting in the area. By 1945, the population rose to 548. It was incorporated as a town in 1953. In the 1960s, isolation ended with a road being built to the town and made it the region's service and supply centre. People from other small settlements in the area were resettled to Roddickton and in 1961 the population was 1185. In the 1970s, things began to decline. The pulpwood operations owned by Bowater closed, causing many to leave the area. In the 1980s, a crab plant was opened up to provide employment for the community, but in the late 1980s a fire destroyed it and the sawmill. By 1992, the sawmill was running again, the crab plant had been rebuilt, but was not operating.
See also.
List of communities in Newfoundland and Labrador

</doc>
<doc id="5897815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897815" title="Lav pivo">
Lav pivo

Lav Pivo is a popular Serbian beer brand. Produced and bottled by Carlsberg Srbija in the village of Čelarevo, (Bačka Palanka municipality) it has the second biggest market share among the beer brands in Serbia, behind their rivals Jelen Pivo.
In addition to Serbia, it is also widespread in Montenegro and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
Lav Pivo is the official beer of the Serbian national football team and also the Serbian Cup in football, which bears the brand's name (since 2006 it is known as the Lav Cup). Additionally, the beer is heavily promoted in the Serbian media with a slogan of "Ili Jesi Ili Nisi" ("either you are or you aren't"). Lav Pivo's TV campaign features a series of commercials featuring actor Nenad Jezdić.
In December 2006, at the annual contest held by the Serbian Ministry of Trade, Tourism, and Services and "Pregled" financial daily, Lav Pivo was named the second best product brand in Serbia in the year 2006, behind Gorki list brandy.
Lav pivo comes in three varieties: the regular one with 5.2% alcohol, the stronger one with 7% known as Lav 7, and finally a smooth variety known as Lav Premium.

</doc>
<doc id="5897824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897824" title="Winter-Harvest">
Winter-Harvest

Winter-Harvest is the second album by Dutch beat band Golden Earrings, released in 1967.
Track listing.
All songs written by Gerritsen and Kooymans.

</doc>
<doc id="5897830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897830" title="Nova Scotia Route 302">
Nova Scotia Route 302

Route 302 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is in Cumberland County and connects Amherst at Trunk 2 with Southampton at Trunk 2.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5897831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897831" title="Hay al Jihad massacre">
Hay al Jihad massacre

The Hay al Jihad occurred on July 9, 2006 in the Hay al Jihad neighborhood of the Iraqi capital, Baghdad. Estimated 40 Sunni civilians were killed by Shia militiamen.

</doc>
<doc id="5897833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897833" title="Rodgers Cove">
Rodgers Cove

Rodgers Cove is a settlement located northeast of Lewisporte. The first postmistress in 1966 was Phyllis Ludlow.

</doc>
<doc id="5897836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897836" title="Eric Webber">
Eric Webber

Eric Victor Webber (22 December 1919 – 10 December 1996) was an English footballer, playing as a centre-half, and manager.
Playing career.
Early days.
Although he was born at Shoreham in West Sussex, Webber's family moved into Hampshire when he was a child and he played for Fareham Senior School, before joining Fareham Town and then Gosport Borough. He had an unsuccessful trial with Portsmouth before Jim Angell recommended him to Tom Parker, the manager of Norwich City. In 1937, he followed Parker to Southampton where he was initially a member of the club's nursery side, playing in the Hampshire League.
Southampton.
He was quickly promoted to the Reserves where his efforts were rewarded by a professional contract in March 1939. He made one appearance in the first team on 15 April 1939 when he took the place of Stan Cutting at right-half for the match at Blackburn Rovers; the match was lost 3–0, and Ray Parkin took over at right-half for the next match. Before he had the chance to establish himself in the first team, normal football was suspended following the outbreak of World War II.
During the war, he served in the R.A.F. but also managed to play wartime football for Mansfield Town and Derby County.
He returned to The Dell in 1945 and immediately became the regular centre-half, being ever-present in 1948–49 and 1949–50. Promotion was narrowly missed in 1947-48 when Saints finished in third place, a feat repeated the following season (despite having an 8 point lead with 8 games to play) whilst in 1949-50 Southampton were to be denied promotion by 0.06 of a goal, missing out on second place to Sheffield United.
In March 1948, Webber came up against George Lowrie in consecutive matches against different clubs. On 6 March, Saints won 1-0 at Coventry City; during the week Lowrie moved to Newcastle United (becoming their most expensive signing in the process), and on 13 March, Saints defeated Newcastle at The Dell 4-2. In both games, Webber marked Lowrie out of the game. Lowrie was to have "revenge" at the end of the season, however, as Newcastle took the second promotion place ahead of The Saints.
According to Holley & Chalk's "The Alphabet of the Saints", Webber was "an effective blocker of anything that came his way". He became team captain in 1950, succeeding Bill Rochford, and his leadership qualities were soon to stand him in good stead, when he moved to Torquay as their player-manager.
He played 182 league games for Southampton, plus 10 in the FA Cup.
Torquay United.
In October 1951 he left Southampton to become player-manager at Torquay United. 
He continued as a player until 1955, making 149 league appearances for the Gulls.
Management career.
Torquay United.
In January 1955 he managed the club to an historic 4-0 win over Leeds United in the FA Cup.
In the 1956–57 season, he almost took Torquay to promotion from Division Three (South). On the final day of the season they needed to take maximum points from their game against Crystal Palace, but only managed to obtain a draw, so Ipswich Town took the only promotion place then available (on goal average). He did however lead Torquay to promotion from Division Four in 1960, Torquay finishing in 3rd place. Torquay were relegated two years later, again on the last day of the season, but Webber remained at the club until he was surprisingly sacked in May 1965, to be replaced by Frank O'Farrell after Torquay had finished in 12th place at the end of the season. He had spent nearly 14 years as Torquay manager, signing a number of players who would go on to greater things, including Robin Stubbs who he signed from Birmingham City for £6,000.
Poole Town.
After spending 14 years as manager at Plainmoor, Webber spent another 5 years as manager at Poole Town, before retiring from football in 1970.
After football.
In August 1970, he returned to Southampton, where he ran the Manor House pub in Woolston until retiring in April 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="5897838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897838" title="Aki Karvonen">
Aki Karvonen

Aki Karvonen (born August 31, 1957, in Valtimo) is a former Finnish cross-country skier who competed during the 1980s. He won three medals at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, with a silver in the 15 km, and two bronze medals in 50 km and the 4x10 km relay, respectively.
Karvonen also won three medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, with two silver medals (30 km: 1987, 4 x 10 km: 1989) and one bronze (4 x 10 km: 1982, tied with East Germany).

</doc>
<doc id="5897844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897844" title="Habitats Directive">
Habitats Directive

The Habitats Directive (more formally known as Council Directive 92/43/EEC on the Conservation of natural habitats and of wild fauna and flora) is a European Union directive adopted in 1992 as an EU response to the Berne Convention. It is one of the EU's two directives in relation to wildlife and nature conservation, the other being the Birds Directive.
It aims to protect some 220 habitats and approximately 1,000 species listed in the directive's Annexes. These are species and habitats which are considered to be of European interest, following criteria given in the directive.
The directive led to the setting up of a network of Special Areas of Conservation, which together with the existing Special Protection Areas form a network of protected sites across the European Union called Natura 2000. Article 17 of the directive requires EU Member States to report on the state of their protected areas every six years. The first complete set of country data was reported in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5897845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897845" title="Curley Culp">
Curley Culp

Curley Culp (born March 10, 1946, in Yuma, Arizona) is a former professional American football player and a hall of famer. An offensive and defensive lineman, he played college football at Arizona State University, was the NCAA heavyweight wrestling champion while at ASU, and played professionally in the American Football League for the Kansas City Chiefs in 1968 and 1969, and for the National Football League Chiefs, Houston Oilers, and the Detroit Lions. He was an AFL All-Star in 1969 and a six-time AFC-NFC Pro Bowler.
On Saturday, August 3, 2013, Culp was enshrined into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. 
Professional career.
Houston Oilers and Detroit Lions.
When Culp got to Houston, Bum Phillips was the defensive coordinator for Sid Gillman at the time. He had convinced the head coach to try a 3-4 defense, employing three down linemen and four linebackers, eschewing the standard 4-3 fronts of the day. The Oilers acquired Culp midway through the 1974 season for troubled DT John Matuszak. Culp had signed to play in the rival World Football League for 1975, so the Chiefs thought they were unloading a problem of their own. Culp outlived the new league and then some. It turned out to be one of the best trades in Oiler history.
Culp was so strong he required two and three players to block him, opening lanes for Elvin Bethea, Gregg Bingham and Ted Washington, Sr. (and soon Robert Brazile, the player Houston drafted with the first-round pick that came with Culp). Houston won seven of their remaining nine games after Curley came to Houston. As Phillips later said, "Curley made (the 3-4 defense) work. He made me look smart."
Culp's finest season came in 1975. He notched 11½ sacks, an unheard of total for a defensive tackle. He won All-Pro honors and was chosen NFL Defensive Player of the Year by the Newspaper Enterprise Association and as such received the George S. Halas Trophy.
The nose tackle position would become notorious for shortening careers. As linemen attacked Curley from every angle, injuries and age began to take their toll. Midway through the 1980 season, Culp was released and was claimed by Detroit, where he stayed an additional season, before closing out his 14-year NFL career.
So great was his impact that the "Sporting News" named Culp to the All-Century teams of both the Kansas City and Houston/Tennessee franchises. Or more to the point, as voiced by Hall-Of-Famer center, Jim Otto of the Raiders, "Curley Culp was perhaps the strongest man I ever lined up against."
Houston Highlight: In a September 1975 game against the San Diego Chargers, Culp scooped up a Charger fumble and rumbled 38 yards. Even though teammate Elvin Bethea yelled that Curley was going the wrong way, he managed to find the correct end zone for the only points of his NFL career. The score helped Houston beat San Diego, 33-17, and secured the Oilers' first 2-0 start since 1966. Houston finished the 1975 season with a 10-4 record.
Collegiate Wrestling.
Curley Culp won the Gorriaran Award at the 1967 NCAA Division I championships.
Legacy.
In March 2008 Kansas City Chiefs Chairman, Clark Hunt, decided that former DT Curley Culp would be the 2008 inductee into the Chiefs Hall of Fame. The 38th member of this prestigious group, Culp was enshrined into the Chiefs Hall of Fame at halftime of the Chiefs Alumni Game that fall. Culp played a total of 13 seasons in the AFL/NFL with Kansas City, Houston, and Detroit, and was selected to a total of six AFL All-Star Games or Pro Bowls. On August 22, 2012, Culp was named as a senior nominee for the Pro Football Hall of Fame Class of 2013. On February 2, 2013, Culp was selected as one of seven inductees into the 2013 Hall of Fame class.

</doc>
<doc id="5897846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897846" title="Ipswich Racecourse">
Ipswich Racecourse

The Ipswich Racecourse is an area of Ipswich that was formerly a racecourse.
The early years.
The course was on Nacton Heath just East of Ipswich, although now a suburb, and was 1 mile and 7 furlongs in circumference. The course ran along the line of the modern Lindberg Road, Cobham Road, parallel to Felixstowe Road as far the modern Hatfield Road before a six furlong finish straight running parallel to Nacton Road to complete the loop.
The earliest mention of annual race meetings in Ipswich was 1710 when a Town Purse was run for by "high mettled racers".
A royal plate was gained in 1727 which gave the meetings good support for the next half a century, with the "Ipswich Journal" running an advertisement for:
Popularity declined slightly until the garrison came to Ipswich in the early 19th century where the officers brought their support to the races.
The course ran a mix of flat and hunt racing, although the last flat race was in 1884 following the withdrawal of the "Queen's Plate". From then, it became exclusively a National Hunt course.
The hurdles were unpopular with jockeys and horses alike which, although built to National Hunt rules, lacked wings, which increased the risk of the horses running out unless the jockey approached the centre of the hurdle.
The last race meeting was 29 March 1911 after support had fallen steadily.
Current Usage.
The area has since been developed into housing and a park, which is known as "Racecourse Park". It comprises a sports area, children's play area and public toilets.
The Racecourse Pub (on Nacton Road) reputedly stands on the site of the finishing line. In 2009 the Racecourse went bankrupt and was demolished later in the year. A Tesco Express and five homes now occupy the site, which was completed in early 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5897861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897861" title="Gunnlaugr Leifsson">
Gunnlaugr Leifsson

Gunnlaugr Leifsson (d. 1218 or 1219) was an Icelandic scholar, writer and poet. He was a Benedictine monk at the Þingeyrar monastery ("Þingeyrarklaustur") in the north of Iceland.
Biography.
Gunnlaugr composed a Latin biography of King Óláfr Tryggvason. This work is now lost but it is believed to have been an expansion of the Latin "Óláfs saga Tryggvasonar" written by his monastic brother, Oddr Snorrason. Snorri Sturluson made use of Gunnlaugr's work when composing his "Heimskringla" and sections of Gunnlaugr's work were incorporated into "Óláfs saga Tryggvasonar en mesta".
Gunnlaugr also wrote a Latin biography of Bishop Jón Ögmundarson. This work is also lost but Old Norse biographies of Jón are still extant. Gunnlaugr also composed the original Latin version of "Þorvalds þáttr víðförla" but it is only preserved in an Old Norse translation. Gunnlaugr was also involved in the collection of Þorlákr helgi's miracles. Gunnlaugr is known to have written on Saint Ambrose and recent research indicates that the extant Old Norse translation of "Vita sancti Ambrosii", "Ambrósíus saga", may be Gunnlaugr's work.
Gunnlaugr wrote the poem "Merlínússpá", a Norse translation of "Prophetiae Merlini" by Geoffrey of Monmouth. The imagery in Gunnlaugr's translation testifies to his extensive knowledge of skaldic poetry. The poem is preserved in "Hauksbók" and consists of a total of 171 "fornyrðislag" stanzas.

</doc>
<doc id="5897874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897874" title="Cedar River (Menominee County, Michigan)">
Cedar River (Menominee County, Michigan)

Cedar River (also known as the Big Cedar River) is a river in the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises in the northern part of Menominee County at and flows mostly south and east to empty into Green Bay of Lake Michigan at in the community of Cedar River.
The Little Cedar River, a tributary of the Menominee River, also flows mostly southward in Menominee County approximately west of the Cedar River.
__TOC__
Tributaries and features.
From the mouth:
Drainage basin.
The Cedar River drains all or portions of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5897875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897875" title="Permotipula">
Permotipula

Permotipula is an extinct monotypic genus of protodipteran insect which contains a single species "Permotipula patricia". The only specimen of "Permotipula" was found in Late Permian strata of the Newcastle Coal Measures between the towns of Belmont and Warners Bay on the eastern side of Lake Macquarie, New South Wales, Australia and named by Robert J. Tillyard in 1929. The specimen consisting of a single well preserved wing, was considered lost after the death of Tillyard in 1937. The loss of the specimen and the mention by Tillyard of a second insects fossil from the same site, later described as "Robinjohnia tillyardi" resulted in much confusion regarding the taxonomic affiliations of "P. patricia". "Robinjohnia", a four winged insect which is now placed in the order Mecoptera. The "P. patricia" type specimen was found in the Tillyard collection which is housed at the British Museum and reexamined by R. Willmann in a 1989 paper. A second species, "P. borealis" was named by O.M. Martynova in 1961 from a small wing specimen found in the Kuznetsk Basin, Russia. This species was moved, however, in 1989 by R. Willmann to the monotypic genus "Permila" and is now considered a probable early mecopteran.

</doc>
<doc id="5897879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897879" title="Permotipula borealis">
Permotipula borealis

Permotipula borealis is an extinct insect.

</doc>
<doc id="5897895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897895" title="Ashley Cowan">
Ashley Cowan

Ashley Cowan (born May 7, 1975) was an English cricketer between 1995 and 2005. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler.
He played for Essex throughout the whole of his career between 1995 and his benefit season of 2006. His debut first class match, against Derbyshire, came in August 1995. In the latter stages of his first-class career he fluctuated between Division Two and Division One with his team, finally finishing midtable in the 2005 Frizell County Championship second division.
He no longer plays first-class cricket as of 2006, his career accolades including a Benson and Hedges Cup final appearance during 1998 in which he finished not out at the close of the innings, thus sealing a comfortable win for his Essex side.Cowan was a talented player who never really worked that hard at the training side of the game.He was a regular in the pubs having a beer and a fag and always happy to talk to cricket fans.
Trivia
His benefit year was sponsored by a local strip club in Chelmsford, and an escort agency, night owls, in wickford.
Interviewed by Anglia Television in 2003, he stated that he had often considered training as a priest. This was something of a surprise to some of his colleagues.

</doc>
<doc id="5897896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897896" title="John Arpin">
John Arpin

John Francis Oscar Arpin (3 December 1936 – 8 November 2007) was a Canadian composer, recording artist and entertainer, best known for his work as a virtuoso ragtime pianist.
Born in Port McNicoll, Ontario Arpin was educated at The Royal Conservatory of Music graduating at the age of sixteen, and the University of Toronto.
Arpin performed and toured widely. He died 8 November 2007 in Toronto, Ontario.
Recording career.
Arpin recorded more than sixty albums, mostly of ragtime, but also played Broadway music, pop music, and classical music.
In 2002 he recorded seven CDs of piano solo music on the April Avenue record label. These albums consisted of favorite Broadway themes and familiar pop tunes. While just two compilations are still available in CD format, most of the other tracks can still be found on iTunes. Here is a complete list:
Performances.
Arpin performed as a solo entertainer and with orchestras throughout the world. In Canada, he performed with Maureen Forrester and Peter Appleyard.
Awards.
Arpin was nominated three times for Juno Awards, given to show excellence in Canadian music. In June 1998, he won the Scott Joplin Award from the Scott Joplin Foundation of Sedalia, Missouri.
Critical acclaim.
Ragtime great Eubie Blake pronounced John Arpin "the Chopin of Ragtime", while The New York Times labeled him "the Richter of Ragtime". 
"High Fidelity" magazine said of one of his albums: "This is the best recorded collection of piano rags that I know of and is, I suspect, the most authentically performed."
Compositions.
Notable among his own compositions are "Jogging Along" (a theme song for the acclaimed CBC radio program "Morningside"). He also composed the theme for TVOntario's children's shows, Polka Dot Door and Polka Dot Shorts and wrote the music for the shows. Arpin also composed the themes for several CTV network shows in the 1960s. His "Lyric Suite for Piano, Strings and Percussion" won first prize out of 450 entrants in the Yamaha Second International Original Concert in Tokyo. He also arranged music for several Canadian recording acts.
In 2005, he was commissioned by St. Michael's Choir School (Toronto) to compose and arrange a "medley" of Christmas tunes which he titled "Yuletide on the Cool Side". It was very warmly received in its premiere on a concert tour across Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5897898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897898" title="Dragon Blaze">
Dragon Blaze

Dragon Blaze is a vertical scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game released in 2000 by Psikyo. It was ported in 2004 to the PlayStation 2 as part of the "Psikyo Shooting Collection Vol. 3:Sol Divide & Dragon Blaze" compilation. The game was later also released on its own for the PS2 in Europe by 505 Games.
Gameplay.
"Dragon Blaze" plays like many typical 2D shooters by Psikyo, giving each character a normal shot, a charged shot, and a bomb. But each character (Quaid, Sonia, Ian, and Rob) also rides a dragon, which can be dismounted and be used as a weapon itself. The dismounted dragon initially acts as a piercing weapon, and then remains stationary shooting until the player calls it back using the same button. It can also be used to collect items.

</doc>
<doc id="5897910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897910" title="Florida's 9th congressional district election, 2006">
Florida's 9th congressional district election, 2006

The election to choose a representative for the 9th Congressional District of Florida was held on November 7, 2006. Gus Bilirakis, the Republican son of retiring incumbent Republican, Mike Bilirakis, defeated Democratic candidate and former Hillsborough County Commissioner Phyllis Busansky. Gus Bilirakis will serve from January 2007 through January 2009.
Candidates.
Republicans.
Gus Bilirakis won the Republican primary on September 5, 2006. He faced only one opponent, chiropractic physician David Langheier, and got 48% of the vote. His campaign received endorsements from various Republican leaders, including Florida governor Jeb Bush, U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert, Congressman Roy Blunt, and Congressman Tom Reynolds.
Democrats.
Phyllis Busansky was a moderate Democrat who was a Hillsborough County Commissioner from 1989 to 1997. In 1995 she was named a "Public Official of the Year" by "Governing" magazine, a national publication. 
She was the first Executive Director of Florida's welfare-to-work agency (WAGES), initially under Governor Lawton Chiles and then under governor Jeb Bush. The agency had a $1.2 billion annual budget.
She was the only Democrat to file for the seat, although other Democrats had announced an interest as of late 2005.
The campaign.
In October 2006, the CQ Politics Weekly reported that Bilirikas had raised $741,000 and had $567,779 cash on hand, making him number one out of all the candidates running for open seats in terms of cash on hand.
Most observers had not expected a close race, as the district, located on Florida's Gulf Coast north of Tampa, is Republican-leaning.
Busansky's candidacy prompted various national political observers to significantly upgrade the Democratic Party's chances of winning the seat. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee gave Busansky's candidacy their "Red to Blue" designation (one of 22 such designations), authorizing additional financial and political resources to aid her campaign.
Ratings and polls.
The "Cook Political Report rating" on the contest as of late August was "Likely Republican".
A September 26, 2006 SurveyUSA poll reported Bilirakis with 61% support, Busansky with 32% support.
Results.
Gus Michael Bilirakis (R) | 123,016 total votes | 55.9% 
Phyllis Busansky (D) | 96,978 total votes | 44.1%
Andrew Pasayan (Write-In) | 19 total votes | 0.0%

</doc>
<doc id="5897911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897911" title="Tell Me About It">
Tell Me About It

"Tell Me About It" is a song written Bill LaBounty and Pat McLaughlin, and recorded by American country music artist Tanya Tucker and singer-songwriter Delbert McClinton as a duet. It was released in 1993 as the third single from the album "Can't Run from Yourself". The song reached #4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5897912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897912" title="Rose Blanche-Harbour le Cou">
Rose Blanche-Harbour le Cou

Rose Blanche – Harbour le Cou is a small town on Newfoundland's southwest shore, about 45 km from Port aux Basques. This community is located in a barren area on the east side of a small bay. In this bay there are 2 harbours that were mainly used to provide shelter for fishing vessels.
Formerly Rose Blanche was primarily a fishing community, until the Moratorium on Cod Fish was introduced in 1992. Scenery includes the rugged coastline, and the white and rocky cliffs of "Diamond Cove". Its restored lighthouse serves as a tourist attraction.
History.
The first settlers in Rose Blanche arrived and probably settled in 1810, though the French had held seasonal premises in the area in the 18th century. Rose Blanche was first settled for its sheltered harbours and close location to fishing grounds.
By the 1869 census, the population had grown to 663, and the area continued to attract new settlers from England and the Channel Islands to participate in the fishery. By the 1870s the community had a number of businesses which participated in the local fishery and the Labrador fishery.
Amenities.
The 1950s and 1960s brought significant changes to the community with the opening of a fresh-frozen fish plant, plus resettlement of outlying communities in Rose Blanche, as a result of the road connection completed between Rose Blanche and Port aux Basques in 1961. Stores in Rose Blanche include T and T Variety and a grocery store (Darlene's Groceteria) near the former school. The school was shut down by the government due to lack of funding. There is also a small gas station, a couple of restaurants, and a new artists' retreat centre and guest house called "RoseSea House".
The Anglican church is dedicated to "Saint Michael and All Angels," which has a "high church" tradition. A few decades ago the former church building was replaced by a new one.

</doc>
<doc id="5897913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897913" title="The Lampies">
The Lampies

The Lampies is a children's television series. The series was created by Dave Bonner and features a mixture of traditional hand-drawn 2D animation and 3D animation. The series has award winning music.
Created by Dave Bonner in conjunction with Uli Meyer Animation Studios and music by Mcasso Music, there are 52 eleven-minute episodes that were originally commissioned by the BBC. Financial issues caused the creative and business drive to falter and momentum was lost. In 2003 The Lampies IP was bought from the receiver by a private investor.
Plot.
A group of sprite-like power engineers maintain and defend the lamp post HO32 which is the critical area of the entire the Lighting Network. The Roons who live in the sewers below are the creatures who threaten the Lighting Network due to their strong dislike to the presence of light. Sewer rats can also prove to be a pest to the Lampies.
Music.
"The Lampies" theme tune was one of the most popular on CBBC, and helped the show gain popularity. It won first place in an International Songwriting Competition in 2006. Written by Mike Connaris of London-based Mcasso Music, the Lampies Title song won the Children's category against huge International competition. The judges included Tom Waits, Chris Hillman, John Mayall and Jerry Lee Lewis. The Lampies released a Christmas single called "Light Up the World for Christmas" in 2001. There is an extended version of the song, which is over two minutes.
Reception.
TV distribution rights for Series One were sold into 33 countries. When series one was broadcast in 2001 it regularly achieved over 40% of target viewing audience. This figure reached over 50% during 2002. Series two of "The Lampies" was completed in March 2002 and generated similar audience figures with prime slots on BBC 1 and 2.
Availability.
An introductory DVD - "SWITCH ON TO THE LAMPIES" was launched on 7 April 2008. The first full DVD, Disc 1 Series One - A BIT OF A JAM AND OTHER STORIES was launched on 19 May 2008. LP Productions formed a partnership with Save the Children in 2008. £2 from the sale of each "SWITCH ON TO THE LAMPIES" DVD will go towards the Save the Children protection work with very vulnerable children in Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5897914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897914" title="Sean O'Keefe (producer)">
Sean O'Keefe (producer)

About.
Sean O'Keefe is an American record producer, mixer, and engineer based in Chicago, IL. Sean is best known for his work with Fall Out Boy, Hawthorne Heights, and Plain White T's, but has also worked with artists such as Motion City Soundtrack, The Hush Sound, Less Than Jake, Company of Thieves (band), Punchline, and Spitalfield. Sean is also a musician. He is a former member of Chicago band This Is Me Smiling, in which he played the drums.
Commercial Success.
Sean's work has earned him three RIAA Gold Records (awarded for the shipment of 500,000 units): Fall Out Boy's Take This to Your Grave (producer and mixer,) Hawthorne Heights' The Silence in Black and White (producer and mixer,) and the Plain White T's Hey There Delilah (co-producer and mixer.) "Hey There Delilah" reached #1 on US Billboard Hot AC/Top 40 charts.

</doc>
<doc id="5897915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897915" title="Artland (company)">
Artland (company)

In December 2010, was established and Artland Inc.'s animation production business was transferred to the new company.
Artist and character designer Haruhiko Mikimoto is a member of Artland, as well as director Noburo Ishiguro.
History.
On March 17, 2006, Marvelous Entertainment announced that Artland would become a subsidiary of Marvelous Entertainment Inc., effective on April 3, 2006. Subsequently, Artland became a kabushiki-gaisha.
On 2010-11-15, Marvelous Entertainment Inc. announced the split of Artland Inc.'s animation department into Animation Studio Artland Inc., effective on 2010-12-01. All shares of the new company then were transferred to Kuniharu Okano.

</doc>
<doc id="5897927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897927" title="Barychelidae">
Barychelidae

The brushed trapdoor spiders (family Barychelidae) are a spider family with about 300 species in 44 genera. This family is the only family in superfamily Barycheloidea.
Most spiders in this family build trapdoor burrows. There are some species that avoid flooding by plugging their nests. Others can avoid drowning by trapping air bubbles within the hairs covering their bodies. Some members of this group have a rake on the front surface of their chelicerae used for compacting burrow walls.
The about 10 mm long "Idioctis" builds its about 5 cm deep burrow just below high tide level, and seals it with a thin trapdoor. The about 20 mm long "Sipalolasma" builds its burrow in rotted wood, with a hinged trapdoor at each end of the burrow.
Like the Theraphosidae (tarantulas), they can run up glass. Some species can stridulate. However, unlike stridulation in the theraphosid Selenocosmiinae, barychelid stridulation, based as it is on very weak lyra, is not audible to man.
Distribution.
Barychelids are found in Australia, New Caledonia, South America, Africa, Madagascar, India, New Guinea, and Pacific islands.
Systematics.
The classification into subfamilies follows Raven (1985, 1994).

</doc>
<doc id="5897928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897928" title="Saiichi Maruya">
Saiichi Maruya

Biography.
Maruya, whose real name was Saiichi Nemura, was born in Tsuruoka city, Yamagata Prefecture on August 27, 1925. His father was a doctor, and apparently wealthy enough to have a big personal library, which whetted Maruya's literary appetite.
Maruya was mobilized into the Japanese Army in March 1945 when still a high-school student, but did not see battlefield action as Japan surrendered shortly thereafter. Following the war's end, he completed his high school studies in Niigata, then in 1947 entered the University of Tokyo to major in English literature, although he also studied classical Japanese literature. To develop his own writing style he began translating English works. He translated Joyce's "Ulysses" in collaboration with Takamatsu Yūichi and Nagai Reiji (1964) and "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man" in 1969. James Joyce's works became deeply influential to his writing. After completing his degree, he taught English literature at Kokugakuin University and then at the University of Tokyo. During this time, he wrote a series of novels including "Ehoba No kao O sakete" (エホバ の 顔 を さけて, 1958), "Kanata E" (彼方 へ, 1962), and "Sasamakura" (笹まくら, Grass for My Pillow, 1966). 
Maruya was also an influential literary critic, publishing reviews in the "Shukan Asahi" magazine and "Mainichi Shimbun". Maruya said that improving the quality of book reviews in Japan was one of the things he was most proud of. His criticism and essays include "Go-Toba In" (後鳥羽 院, The Retired Emperor Go-Toba, 1973), "Nihon bungakushi hayawakari" (日本 文学史 早わかり, A Quick Guide to Japanese Literary History, 1976), "Asobi jikan" (遊び 時間, Play Time, 1976) and "Chūshingura to wa nani ka" (忠臣蔵 と は 何 か, What Is the Chūshingura?, 1984).
Maruya died of heart failure on October 13, 2012.
Awards.
In 1968 Maruya won the Akutagawa Prize for "Toshi No nokori" (年 の 残り, The Rest of the Year). In 1972 he published "Tatta hitori No hanran" (たった ひとり の 反乱, Singular Rebellion), one of his finest works, for which he won the Tanizaki Prize. He has also received the Kawabata Prize, the Kikuchi Kan Prize for Cultural Merit and the Noma Literary Prize (1985), and finally the Order of Culture, awarded in 2011 by the Emperor of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5897941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897941" title="Cedar River (Antrim County, Michigan)">
Cedar River (Antrim County, Michigan)

Cedar River is an stream in Antrim County in the U.S. state of Michigan and is part of the Elk River Chain of Lakes Watershed.
The Cedar River rises in southwest Chestonia Township at and flows mostly to the west into the Intermediate River in Bellaire at .
The North Branch Cedar River rises along the boundary between Chestonia and Kearney townships at and flows southwest into the main branch about a mile east of Bellaire at .
Tributaries.
From the mouth:
Drainage basin.
The Cedar River drains portions of the following in Antrim County:

</doc>
<doc id="5897948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897948" title="Cedar River (Michigan)">
Cedar River (Michigan)

Cedar River is the name of three rivers in the U.S. state of Michigan:

</doc>
<doc id="5897954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897954" title="Nova Scotia Route 305">
Nova Scotia Route 305

Route 305 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality and connects Little Bras d'Or at Highway 105 with Westmount at Trunk 4. It was originally known as Trunk 5 until 1970. In the 1960s between Point Edward and Sydney River this highway was also used for Nova Scotia Highway 125.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5897957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897957" title="California gubernatorial election, 1958">
California gubernatorial election, 1958

The California gubernatorial election, 1958 took place on November 4, 1958.
General election results.
California was considered a Republican stronghold in the post-World War II era, electing republican governors Earl Warren and Goodwin Knight, as well as senators Richard Nixon, William Knowland, and Thomas Kuchel. Knowland was a prestgious two term Senator who had served as Senate Majority Leader and Senate Minority Leader. His seat was considered safe going into the 1958 mid term elections, but he stunned everyone when he announced his intention to run for governor instead of re-election to the Senate. This was especially surprising because California had a relatively popular Republican governor in Goodwin Knight who was also expected to be re-elected. Knowland coerced Knight into a "backroom deal" in which Knowland and Knight would "trade places", with Knight running for Knowland's Senate seat. Knight really had no desire to be Senator and in later years lamented how Knowland "strongarmed" him into the switch. Knowland thought being governor would enhance his chances of challenging another Californian, Richard Nixon, for the 1960 Republican Presidential nomination. For their part, the Democrats nominated popular state Attorney General Edmund G. "Pat" Brown, who was the only Democrat that held a state-wide office in a Republican leaning state. As it turned out, the Knowland-Knight switch was not popular with California voters. Brown steadily gained in the polls and defeated Knowland for governor, and Knight lost to Congressman Clair Engle in the Senate race.

</doc>
<doc id="5897968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897968" title="Colossus-class battleship (1882)">
Colossus-class battleship (1882)

The "Colossus"-class battleships were ironclad warships, carrying their main armament in turrets, which served in the Victorian Royal Navy from 1882. They were the first British warships to carry large rifled breech-loading main guns.
Design.
They were in all essential points improved versions of the "Ajax" class, with slightly greater displacement, protection and speed, with better handling characteristics, and most significantly, with breech-loading artillery replacing the obsolescent muzzle loaders. they also used steel rather than iron for most of the hull structure, and utilised the innovative compound armour for the belt and turrets.
The class was originally designed to carry the then-standard muzzle-loading artillery, while European navies had already for several years been equipped with breech-loading guns. At this time, for historical reasons, the Board of Admiralty was ultimately responsible for the designs of Royal Naval warships, but the War Office was responsible for the design and provision of naval artillery. In 1879, while the "Colossus" class was under construction, a 100-ton muzzle-loader was being tested at the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, and the 16-inch 80-ton guns destined for HMS "Inflexible" were nearly complete. Responding to a groundswell of professional opinion, the Admiralty sent a group of senior officers to witness and report on the performance of the new breech loading weapons being produced at Krupps at Essen. As a result of their report, Woolwich undertook the manufacture of 12 inch calibre breech-loaders, with a breech mechanism manufactured at Elswick. The "Colossus" class was nominated to be armed with these guns; the delay in their manufacture largely accounts for the protracted building times of these vessels.
Both ships did well on sea-trials, exceeding their design speed. They threw up what is described as a "remarkable bow wave, which rose like a solid wall for thirteen feet, the like of which has never been observed." They had a quick roll, and because of the low freeboard and the long chases of the guns, the gun muzzles dipped into the sea at a roll of 13° when trained on the beam. They were fitted with large bilge keels and with anti-rolling tanks.
They were both reported to be slow to respond to the helm, with large turning circles.

</doc>
<doc id="5897973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5897973" title="2nd Street (SEPTA station)">
2nd Street (SEPTA station)

2nd Street is a subway station on the Market-Frankford Line, beneath the corner of 2nd Street and Market Street in Center City Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Eastbound trains heading towards Northeast Philadelphia turn north after departing this station and begin to run along Front Street and, ultimately, Frankford Avenue for the remainder of the line. It is the easternmost stop in central Philadelphia and the last subterranean stop for eastbound trains.
The station serves the Old City neighborhood of Philadelphia, with station signs originally reading "Olde City". The 'e' has been covered on the signs with obvious blue stickers. Sights accessible via this station include Penn's Landing and Old City bars, nightclubs, restaurants, and shops.
All peak rush hour trains stop here.

</doc>
