<doc id="5978335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978335" title="2006 Brazilian Grand Prix">
2006 Brazilian Grand Prix

The 2006 Brazilian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on October 22, 2006 at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace, São Paulo. It was the 18th and final race of the 2006 Formula One season. The race determined the drivers' and constructors' championships for the season, with Fernando Alonso and Renault winning their respective championships.The race itself attracted 154 million viewers.
The race was won by Ferrari's Felipe Massa, with Renault's Fernando Alonso coming in second and Honda's Jenson Button taking third. Massa's win was the first time that a Brazilian driver had won their home grand prix since Ayrton Senna in 1993. Michael Schumacher, in what was expected to be his last ever race, finished fourth despite starting the race in 10th position and having a punctured tyre during the race which dropped him to 19th place.
Report.
Pre-race.
Following Michael Schumacher's engine failure and Fernando Alonso's victory in the previous race in Japan, Alonso was now 10 points ahead of Schumacher in the Drivers' Championship, therefore Alonso would clinch the championship unless Schumacher went on to win the race and Alonso failed to score a single point. This circumstance was a highly improbable situation, given the performance of the Renaults through the year despite the Ferraris being easily the fastest car of the weekend. Michael Schumacher had realised this at Suzuka and had admitted defeat then.
Felipe Massa went into the race holding third place in the championship, one point ahead of fourth place Giancarlo Fisichella, who in turn could have his fourth place taken off him as Kimi Räikkönen was 9 points behind him. The final place in the top six of the Drivers' Championship was secure, as the current occupant, Jenson Button, was 11 points behind Räikkönen and 22 points ahead of his Honda teammate, Rubens Barrichello, with a maximum of 10 points available.
In terms of the Constructors' Championship, Renault were leading Ferrari by nine points, meaning that Renault had to score 10 points to secure the title. Third place McLaren were safe in third place with 105 points: 81 points behind Ferrari and 27 points ahead of fourth place Honda. Meanwhile, BMW Sauber and Toyota were still competing for fifth place; with only one point between the two, but their top 6 position was secure as seventh place Red Bull Racing were 19 points behind Toyota.
Räikkönen had a good start to the weekend, and set the fastest time during the first practice session with 1:13.764. Anthony Davidson managed to take second in his Honda, but none of the Renaults or Ferraris set a competitive time, with Renault opting just to do one installation lap apiece. Alexander Wurz and Sebastian Vettel completed the top four.
Before the race began, Michael Schumacher was given a lifetime achievement award by footballer Pelé.
Race.
Start.
At the start Felipe Massa retained his lead going into the first bend, ahead of Kimi Räikkönen and Jarno Trulli. Championship elect Fernando Alonso kept his fourth position despite a challenge around the outside of the first corner by Rubens Barrichello's Honda. Michael Schumacher had a decent start from his 10th position on the grid and was on the inside of the two BMW Saubers going into the first corner, but had to back off to avoid a collision. Due to apparently much quicker Ferrari, he would pass both BMWs three corners later as they were slowed by Robert Kubica overtaking team-mate Nick Heidfeld on the back straight. A little further behind, the two Williams-Cosworths collided as Nico Rosberg hit the back of Mark Webber's car going into turn 4. Both cars were severely damaged with Webber retiring at the end of the lap with a missing rear wing. Rosberg in turn had another high-speed crash on the uphill main straight brought about by the damage sustained in the earlier contact with his team-mate. Rosberg was unhurt but the scattered debris on the track led to the safety car being deployed to allow for the track to be cleaned. Before the safety car came out, Barrichello's Honda was overtaken on the outside into turn 1 by Giancarlo Fisichella.
Safety car and restart.
As the safety car picked up the field at the end of lap 2, Massa led Räikkönen, Trulli and Alonso with Fisichella and Michael Schumacher moving up to 5th and 6th respectively. Barrichello, Ralf Schumacher, Kubica and Button completed the top ten, Button having taken advantage of the two Williams retiring and having passed Heidfeld and Pedro de la Rosa.
The restart took place on lap six and saw Button move past Kubica on the inside as the two crossed the line only 0.038secs apart. Michael Schumacher was also soon to attack Fisichella's Renault, forcing the Italian to protect the inside line in turns 4 and 5. On the next lap Button went past Ralf Schumacher up to 8th while Massa was pulling away comfortably from his pursuers at the front. His team-mate Schumacher tried to move past Fisichella around the outside on the main straight. But Fisichella put up a fight, staying on the inside on the entry into the 1st corner. Schumacher aggressively cut across to the inside into the first corner, trying to force Fisichella to back off. Fisichella tried to avoid contact by moving onto the kerb, but his front wing appeared to make very light contact with the Ferrari's left rear tyre. Indeed Schumacher's car began to slide violently in the next corner as his tyre deflated forcing the German to drive the entire lap at significantly reduced speed, and to see the entire field move past him in the process. The Ferrari team took eleven seconds to change all four tyres - taking the opportunity to add fuel as well. When Schumacher rejoined, he was only a few seconds in front of his team-mate Massa thus being almost a lap down on the race leader.
The two Ferraris proceeded to post the quickest lap times with Massa comfortably increasing his gap to Räikkönen in second, while the Toyotas hit trouble with first Ralf Schumacher and then Jarno Trulli retiring in the pits on lap 10. This meant that the order on lap 11 was: 1st Massa, 2nd Räikkönen, 3rd Alonso, 4th Fisichella, 5th Barrichello, 6th Button, 7th Kubica, 8th de la Rosa, 9th Heidfeld, 10th Scott Speed, 11th Vitantonio Liuzzi, 12th David Coulthard, 13th Takuma Sato, 14th Christijan Albers, 15th Sakon Yamamoto, 16th Robert Doornbos, 17th Tiago Monteiro and 18th and last Michael Schumacher's Ferrari.
The race now settled into a steady pattern with the Ferraris still quickest and Alonso closing to within two seconds of Räikkönen's McLaren. Coulthard retired his Red Bull-Ferrari with mechanical problems on lap 14. The first planned pitstops took place on lap 21 with Räikkönen, Fisichella and Barrichello all coming in for fuel and tires. Fisichella's stop was slightly slower than Barrichello's, which nearly resulted in a collision as the two exited the pitlane - the Renault driver only just maintaining his position. They reemerged on the track 7th, 8th and 9th respectively, just behind de la Rosa and Heidfeld who had hitherto been contesting 8th place with Heidfeld quicker in the corners but unable to match the McLaren's straight-line speed. Massa closed to within a couple of seconds of lapping his team-mate, setting a fastest lap of 1:12.8 before pitting on lap 23 at which point he had a 15 second gap to Alonso in second. Massa was stationary for just over 8 seconds and rejoined in third behind Button who was now in second despite having started 14th. Button pitted on the next lap, his 7.9 second stop allowing him to rejoin in 7th comfortably ahead of Fisichella and Barrichello. Alonso made his stop on the following lap and was able to rejoin just in front of Räikkönen but still behind de la Rosa and Heidfeld. Kubica then pitted from second position on lap 26 and dropped to 9th. His team-mate followed suit on lap 27 falling behind the two Toro Rosso in the process just as Button was able to slipstream Räikkönen and outbrake him into turn one. Massa now led by 17 seconds in front of de la Rosa, who would not stop until 8 laps later. Alonso, Button and Räikkönen followed with a small gap back to Fisichella and Barrichello.
Michael Schumacher had moved up to 13th courtesy of pitstops by the Aguris and on lap 31 he moved past Doornbos and closed on Liuzzi who had just been involved in an incident with Heidfeld, whom he had steered into just as Heidfeld was overtaking the Italian into turn 1. The BMW driver’s front wing suffered some damage from the contact but he was able to carry on. Liuzzi then pitted leaving Schumacher 11th and just 3 seconds behind Heidfeld. They both advanced one position on lap 33 as Scott Speed also pitted in his Toro Rosso. Up front, Massa was still pulling away, now 23 seconds in front of de la Rosa, Alonso, Button and Räikkönen, who were all still very close together. De la Rosa pitted on lap 35 for his one and only pitstop (10.8s) dropping to 10th. Schumacher easily passed Heidfeld for ninth on the following lap, as he was forced into the pits again on lap 38 to have the damaged front wing replaced, dropping him out of any contention for the points. 
Barrichello was first into the pits when the second and last round of regular pitstops begun on lap 46. His stop lasted 8.3 seconds. Schumacher followed on lap 47 having driven 36 laps since his first unscheduled stop. He rejoined in 8th just between Barrichello and the one-stopping de la Rosa. Fisichella did his stop (7.2s) on lap 49. Button was into the pits (7.3s) on the following lap while Schumacher effortlessly passed Barrichello on the inside on the main straight. Räikkönen was next man to pit, rejoining in fourth - only just behind Button, who was busy lapping Yamamoto and the Spykers. Leader Massa made his stop on lap 52 and rejoined still in front of second placed Alonso, who also kept his position after he came in two laps later (6.8s).
Schumacher was now beginning to look threatening to the second Renault of Fisichella, which had significance for the constructors' championship. If the Ferraris could finish 1st and 2nd and the Renaults only 3rd and 6th, the two teams would finish equal on points but with the Italians in front on race victories. With 15 laps to go, Schumacher was under half a second behind Fisichella as they came across the line with Räikkönen only a few seconds further in front. However the Renault seemed able to match the Ferrari's impressive straight-line speed and Schumacher was unable to overtake as easily as he had done with other cars. A thrilling battle ensued as Fisichella defended vehemently, but on lap 62, the Italian braked too late into Turn 1 and the Renault took to the grass, allowing Schumacher to gain in position. Fisichella was only just able to rejoin in front of Barrichello.
Schumacher then closed on 4th placed Räikkönen who had been dropping back slightly from Button and Alonso. Then on lap 64, Nick Heidfeld's race was over as his BMW's rear suspension failed at the end of the main straight. Waved yellow flags in Turn 1 prevented Schumacher from overtaking Räikkönen on the usual overtaking spot, however Räikkönen made a slight mistake in the hairpin turn 10 and Schumacher pulled alongside the Finn in the inferior McLaren. However he was on the outside for the following turn and had to back off, losing some ground in the process.
With four laps to go, Schumacher was ready to attack again, but Räikkönen defended brilliantly against superior machinery by taking the inside line for the first turn. The following lap, Schumacher was even closer, drafting behind the McLaren on the main straight. Räikkönen tried to fend of the charging Ferrari and again took to the inside, but this time Schumacher was so much quicker he managed to pull alongside nevertheless, just finding enough space between the McLaren and the pit wall. The two cars went through turn one side by side, but Räikkönen finally had to give way into turn 2 as Schumacher forced him onto the dirty line of the circuit.
Finish and post-race.
Schumacher continued to chase down Alonso and Button, setting a new fastest lap (1:12.1) on the penultimate lap, but he was unable to catch them in time and Alonso made himself and Renault champions by finishing second behind the elated Felipe Massa, who became the first Brazilian winner in São Paulo since the late Ayrton Senna in 1993.
After finishing the race, winner Felipe Massa stopped just after the ""S do Senna"" to receive a Brazilian flag from a fan, this action had broken Article 154 of the FIA Sporting Regulations, stating that "After receiving the end-of-race signal all cars must proceed on the circuit directly to the post race parc fermé without stopping, without overtaking (unless clearly necessary), without receiving any object whatsoever and without any assistance (except that of the marshals if necessary)." In practice, this should have meant Massa being punished, although the rule itself was never put in place.
At the end-of-season FIA Gala in December 2006 the promoters of the 2006 Brazilian Grand Prix received the Race Promoters' Trophy for their work in publicising the event.
Friday drivers.
The bottom 6 teams in the 2005 Constructors' Championship and Super Aguri were entitled to run a third car in free practice on Friday. These drivers drove on Friday but did not compete in qualifying or the race.
Classification.
Qualifying.
From:
Race.
From:
Final championship standings.
Note, only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.

</doc>
<doc id="5978339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978339" title="Khyan">
Khyan

Seuserenre Khyan, Khian or Khayan was a king of the Hyksos Fifteenth dynasty of Egypt. His royal name Seuserenre translates as "The one whom Re has caused to be strong." Khyan bears the titles of an Egyptian king, but also the title "ruler of the foreign land" (heqa-khaset). The later title is the typical designation of the Hyksos rulers.
Khyan is one of the better attested king's from the Hyksos period, known from many seals and seal impressions. Remarkable are objects with his name found at Knossos and Hattusha indicating diplomatic contacts with Crete and the Hittites. A sphinx with his name was bought on the art market at Bagdad and might demonstrate diplomatic contacts to Babylon.
The remains of a palace were recently excavated at Avaris. Seal impressions of Khyan were found there, indicating that this was his palace.
Khyan's position in the Hyksos dynasty.
Khyan is identified with king Iannas in the works of Josephus whose knowledge of the Hyksos Pharaohs was derived from a history of Egypt written by Manetho. Josephus mentions him after Apophis when discussing the reign lengths of kings who ruled after Salitis. This led 19th century scholars such as Arthur Bedford to place Khyan after Apophis towards the end of the Hyksos dynasty. However in Africanus' version of Manetho's Epitome, Khyan (whose name is transcribed there as Staan) is listed after a king Pachnan, perhaps Yaqub-Har. Stylistically Khyan's scarabs resemble closely those of Yaqub-Har, who might date rather to the beginning and not to the end of the Hyksos-period. This indicates that Khyan was one the earlier rulers of the 15th dynasty. 
The early position of Khyan within the 15th dynasty may be confirmed by new archaeological finds at Edfu. On this site were found seal impressions of Khyan in close connection with seal impressions of the 13th Dynasty king Sobekhotep IV, indicating that both kings could have reigned at about the same time. The scholars Moeller and Maround discuss the discovery of an important early 12th dynasty Middle Kingdom administrative building in the eastern Tell Edfu area which was continuously employed into the early Second Intermediate Period before it fell out of use during the 17th dynasty when its remains were sealed by a large silo court. Fieldwork by Egyptologists in 2010 and 2011 into the remains of the former 12th dynasty building which was also used in the 13th dynasty led to the discovery of a large adjoining hall which proved to contain 41 sealings showing the cartouche of the Hyksos ruler Khyan together with 9 sealings naming the 13th dynasty king Sobekhotep IV. As Moeller and Marouard write: "These finds come from a secure and sealed archaeological context and open up new questions about the cultural and chronological evolution of the late Middle Kingdom and early Second Intermediate Period." These conclusions are rejected by Robert Porter who argues that Khyan ruled much later than Sobekhotep IV and that the seals of a pharaoh were used even long after his death. Another option he proposed is that Sobekhotep IV reigned much later as previously thought.
A stela of Khyan mentioning a "king's son was also discovered at Avaris. Manfred Bietak observed that: 
"a stela set up in Avaris contains the nomen and prenomen of Khyan and a now lost dedication (presumably to Seth, Lord of Avaris) below which are inscribed the title and name of the Eldest King's Son Yanassi." 
The Danish Egyptologist Kim Ryholt, who published an extensive catalogue of the monuments of all the numerous pharaohs of the Second Intermediate Period, notes an important personal detail regarding this king's family; Ryholt writes that the association of Khyan with those of his eldest son upon this stela suggests that Yanassi in fact was his designated successor, as also implied by his title." Ryholt speculates that Manetho might have mentioned Yanassi in a now lost passage and that one possible explanation of the name Iannas used by Josephus for Khyan is a misquotation of such a passage in which the son's name was extracted instead of the father's.
Origin of Khyan's name.
Ryholt notes that the name, Khyan, generally has been "interpreted as Amorite "Hayanu" (reading "h-ya-a-n") which the Egyptian form represents perfectly, and this is in all likelihood the correct interpretation." It should be stressed that Khyan's name was not original and had been in use for centuries prior to the fifteenth Hyksos Dynasty. The name Hayanu is recorded in the Assyrian king lists—see "Khorsabad List I, 17 and the SDAS List, I, 16"--"for a remote ancestor of Shamshi-Adad I (c.1800 BC)."

</doc>
<doc id="5978340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978340" title="Matome Ugaki">
Matome Ugaki

Biography.
Early career.
Born in Akaiwa District, Okayama (now part of Okayama city, Okayama prefecture), Ugaki graduated from the 40th class Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in 1912. He placed 9th out of 144 cadets, and served as midshipman on the cruisers and . He was commissioned as ensign on 1 December 1913 and was assigned to the battlecruiser . He subsequently served on the battlecruiser , cruiser and destroyer . After his promotion to lieutenant on 1 December 1918, he attended naval artillery school, and was assigned as chief gunnery officer to the destroyer .
In 1924, Ugaki graduated from the 22nd class of the Naval Staff College, and was promoted to lieutenant commander. After a brief posting aboard the cruiser , he served three years as a staff member of the Naval Gunnery School, and was then appointed as a resident officer in Germany from 1928–1930, with the rank of commander.
After his promotion to captain on 1 December 1932, Ugaki served as an instructor at the Naval War College. In 1935, Ugaki was assigned as a staff officer to the Combined Fleet for a year before he was given his first command: the cruiser . The following year, he was given command of battleship .
World War II.
Ugaki became rear admiral on 15 November 1938. Following Japan′s entry into World War II in 1941, Ugaki was appointed Chief-of-Staff of the Combined Fleet under Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto in which he served until 1943. He was promoted vice admiral on 1 November 1942.
Traveling with Yamamoto in a separate bomber, both aircraft were shot down on 18 April 1943 over Bougainville in the Solomon Islands, in what the United States named Operation Vengeance. Yamamoto′s aircraft crashed in the jungle, while Ugaki′s fell into the sea. He was one of three survivors.
After he recovered from his wounds, Ugaki was placed in command of the 1st Battleship Division (, , ) during the disastrous Battle of Leyte Gulf, including the Battle of the Sibuyan Sea on 24 October, and Battle off Samar on 24 October 1944.
Recalled to Japan in February 1945, Ugaki was appointed commander of IJN Fifth Air Fleet based in Kyūshū and overseeing all naval aircraft in the province from his headquarters in a cave bunker to protect him from the growing threat of B-29 Superfortress attacks. In March, he launched the first wave of "kamikaze"s against the U.S. fleet anchored at Ulithi followed by Operation "Ten-Go" in March, which involved hundreds of "kamikaze" attacks against U.S. Navy ships in the vicinity of Okinawa. Meanwhile, he gathered even more aircraft and hid them to be used the same fashion in defense of Kyūshū against the expected Allied invasion that was sure to come. Ugaki planned to hit the invasion forces with hundreds of aircraft and suicide boats in a few hours in Operation "Ketsu-Go" (Decisive Operation).
Final mission.
On 15 August 1945, Emperor Showa made a radio announcement conceding defeat and calling for the military to lay down their arms. After listening to the announcement announcing Japan's defeat, Ugaki made a last entry in his diary noting that he had not yet received an "official" cease-fire order, and that as he alone was to blame for the failure of his valiant aviators to stop the enemy, he would fly one last mission himself to show the true spirit of "bushido". His subordinates protested, and even after Ugaki had climbed into the backseat of a Yokosuka D4Y "Judy", Warrant Officer Akiyoshi Endo—whose place in the "kamikaze" roster Ugaki had usurped—climbed into the same space that the admiral had already occupied. Thus, the aircraft containing Ugaki took off with three men, as opposed to two each in the remaining ten aircraft. Prior to boarding his aircraft, Ugaki posed for pictures and removed his rank insignia from his dark green uniform, taking only a ceremonial short sword given to him by Admiral Yamamoto.
Endo served as radioman during the mission, sending Ugaki′s final messages, and a final message at 19:24, reported that the plane had begun its dive onto an American vessel. However, U.S. Navy records do not indicate any successful "kamikaze" attack on that day, and it is likely that all aircraft on the mission (with the exception of three that returned due to engine problems) crashed into the ocean, struck down by American anti-aircraft fire.
The next morning, the crew of American landing craft "LST-926" found the still smoldering remains of a cockpit with three bodies on the beach of Ishikawajima. The third man, his head crushed and right arm missing, wore a dark green uniform and a short sword was found nearby. The sailors buried the bodies in the sand.

</doc>
<doc id="5978342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978342" title="Bjarne Andersson">
Bjarne Andersson

Bjarne Andersson (April 28, 1940, Motala – August 11, 2004) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed from 1964 to 1973. He won the 4 x 10 km silver at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble and also finished 6th in the 15km event.
Andersson also won the Swedish cross-country skiing championship at 15 km in 1968 and won the 3 x 10 km relay for IFK Mora six times between 1966 and 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="5978347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978347" title="Ten Lost Tribes">
Ten Lost Tribes

The ten lost tribes refers to the ten of the twelve tribes of ancient Israel that were deported from the Kingdom of Israel after it was conquered by Assyria in about 722 BCE. Claims of descent from the lost tribes have been proposed in relation to many groups, and some religions espouse a millenarian view that the tribes will return.
The motif of "the lost tribes" first appeared in the post-biblical era, and was subsequently elaborated upon in a number of apocryphal texts. In the 7th and 8th centuries CE, the return of the lost tribes was associated with the concept of the coming of the messiah. The recorded history is at variance with the legends elaborated in apocryphal texts.
Historian Tudor Parfitt has declared that "the Lost Tribes are indeed nothing but a myth", and writes that, "...this myth is a vital feature of colonial discourse throughout the long period of European overseas empires, from the beginning of the fifteenth century, until the later half of the twentieth." Zvi Ben-Dor Benite states that "The fascination with the tribes has generated, along side ostensibly nonfictional scholarly studies, a massive body of fictional literature and folktale". Anthropologist Shalva Weil has documented differing tribes and peoples claiming affiliation to the Lost Tribes throughout the world.
DNA studies have found no evidence of any lost tribes. DNA studies have refuted any connection between modern-day ethnic Jews and most of the ethnic groups discussed below as possible Lost Tribe candidates, with the exception of the Lemba of southeastern Africa, for whom only a Y-chromosome connection to a few ethnic Jews has been confirmed.
The Bible.
The twelve tribes.
According to the Hebrew Bible, Jacob (who was later named Israel; Gen 35:10) had 12 sons and at least one daughter (Dinah) by two wives and two concubines. The twelve sons fathered the twelve Tribes of Israel.
Thus, the two divisions of the tribes are:
According to the Bible, the Kingdom of Israel (or Northern Kingdom) was one of the successor states to the older United Monarchy (also called the Kingdom of Israel), which came into existence in about the 930s BCE after the northern Tribes of Israel rejected Solomon's son Rehoboam as their king. Nine landed tribes formed the Northern Kingdom: the tribes of Reuben, Issachar, Zebulun, Dan, Naphtali, Gad, Asher, Ephraim and Manasseh. In addition, some members of Tribe of Levi, who had no land allocation, were found in the Northern Kingdom. The Tribes of Judah and Benjamin remained loyal to Rehoboam, and formed the Kingdom of Judah (or Southern Kingdom). Members of Levi and the remnant of Simeon were also found in the Southern Kingdom.
According to , members of the tribes of Ephraim, Manasseh and Simeon "fled" to Judah during the reign of Asa of Judah. Whether these groups were absorbed into the population or remained distinct groups, or returned to their tribal lands is not indicated.
In c. 732 BCE, the Assyrian king, Tiglath-Pileser III sacked Damascus and Israel, annexing Aramea and territory of the tribes of Reuben, Gad and Manasseh in Gilead including the desert outposts of Jetur, Naphish and Nodab. People from these tribes including the Reubenite leader, were taken captive and resettled in the region of the Khabur River system in Assyria/Mesopotamia. Tiglath-Pilesar also captured the territory of Naphtali and the city of Janoah in Ephraim and an Assyrian governor was placed over the region of Naphtali. According to and , the population of Aram and the annexed part of Israel was deported to Assyria.
Israel continued to exist within the reduced territory as an independent kingdom subject to Assyria until around 725-720 BCE, when it was again invaded by Assyria and the rest of the population deported. The Bible relates that the population of Israel was exiled, leaving only the Tribe of Judah, the Tribe of Simeon (that was "absorbed" into Judah), the Tribe of Benjamin and the people of the Tribe of Levi who lived among them of the original Israelites tribes in the southern Kingdom of Judah. However, Israel Finkelstein estimated that only a fifth of the population (about 40,000) were actually resettled out of the area during the two deportation periods under Tiglath-Pileser III, Shalmaneser V and Sargon II. Many also fled south to Jerusalem, which appears to have expanded in size fivefold during this period, requiring a new wall to be built, and a new source of water (Siloam) to be provided by King Hezekiah. Furthermore, explicitly mentions northern Israelites who had been spared by the Assyrians—in particular, members of Dan, Ephraim, Manasseh, Asher and Zebulun—and how members of the latter three returned to worship at the Temple in Jerusalem at that time.
However in 2 Kings 17:34 it says of the newly exiled Israelites that were in Assyria; To this day they persist in their former practices. They neither worship Yahweh nor adhere to the decrees and regulations, the laws and commands that Yahweh gave the descendants of Jacob, whom he named Israel. The medieval rabbi and biblical commentator David Kimhi explains that this is in reference to the tribes that were exiled, and that they remained in their ways, neither accepting a monotheistic God nor in adhering to any of the laws and regulations that were common to all Jews.
The Hebrew Bible does not use the phrase "ten lost tribes", leading some to question the number of tribes involved. However, states that the kingdom would be taken from Solomon and give ten tribes to Jeroboam:
The ten lost tribes and Biblical apocrypha.
According to Zvi Ben-Dor Benite:Centuries after their disappearance, the ten lost tribes sent an indirect but vital sign... In 2 Esdras, we read about the ten tribes and “their long journey through that region, which is called Arzareth”... The book of the “Vision of Ezra,” or Esdras, was written in Hebrew or Aramaic by a Palestinian Jew sometime before the end of the first century CE, shortly after the destruction of the temple by the Romans. It is one of a group of texts later designated as the so-called Apocrypha—pseudoepigraphal books attached to but not included in the Hebrew biblical canon.
The ten lost tribes and the New Testament.
Some evidence exists of a continuing identification in later centuries of individual Israelites to the Lost Tribes. For example, in of the New Testament, an individual is identified with the tribe of Asher.
Millenarian religious beliefs and the lost tribes.
Judaism.
There are numerous references in biblical writings. In Ezekiel 37:16-17, the prophet is told to write on one stick (an ancient reference to scrolls) (quoted here in part) "For Judah..." and on the other (quoted here in part), "For Joseph..." (the main Lost Tribe). The prophet is then told that these two groups shall be someday reunited.
There are also discussions in the Talmud as to whether the ten lost tribes will eventually be reunited with the Tribe of Judah, that is, with the Jewish people.
17th- to mid-20th-century theories.
The increased currency of tales relating to lost tribes that occurred in the 17th century was due to the confluence of several factors. According to Parfitt:...As Michael Pollack shows, Menassah's argument was based on, 'three separate and seemingly unrelated sources: a verse from the book of Isaiah, Matteo Ricci's discovery of an old Jewish community in the heart of China and Antonio Montezinos' reported encounter with members of the Lost Tribes in the wilds of South America.'
In 1605, Jesuit missionary Matteo Ricci discovered a small community consisting of approximately ten to twelve families of Chinese Jews in Kaifeng, China, the Kaifeng Jews. According to historical records, a Jewish community in Kaifaeng built a synagogue in 1163 during the Southern Song Dynasty, which existed until the late nineteenth century.
The Portuguese traveler and Marrano Sephardic Jew Antonio de Montezinos returned to Europe with accounts that some of the Lost Tribes were living as Native Americans of the Andes in South America. Menasseh ben Israel, a noted rabbi and printer of Amsterdam, was excited by this news. He believed that a Messianic age was approaching, and that having Jewish people settled around the world was necessary for it.
In 1649 Menassah published his book, "The Hope of Israel", in Spanish and in Latin in Amsterdam; it included Montezinos' account of the Lost Tribes in the New World. An English translation was published in London in 1650. In it Menasseh argued, and for the first time tried to give learned support in European thought and printing, to the theory that the native inhabitants of America at the time of the European discovery were actually descendants of the Ten Tribes of Israel. People could only interpret new peoples in relation to their idea of Biblical history. Menasseh noted how important Montezinos' account was, 
He wrote on 23 December 1649:
In 1655, Menasseh ben Israel petitioned Oliver Cromwell to allow the Jews to return to England in furtherance of the Messianic goal. (Since the Edict of Expulsion in 1290, Jews had been prohibited by law from living in England.) With the approach of 1666, considered a significant date, Cromwell was allegedly interested in the return of the Jews to England because of the many theories circulating related to millennial thinking about the end of the world. Many of these ideas were fixed upon the year 1666 and the Fifth Monarchy Men who were looking for the return of Jesus as the Messiah; he was expected to establish a final kingdom to rule the physical world for a thousand years. Messianic believers supported Cromwell's Republic in the expectation that it was a preparation for the "fifth monarchy"—that is, the monarchy that should succeed the Babylonian, Persian, Greek, and Roman world empires.
Apocryphal accounts concerning the Lost Tribes, based to varying degrees on biblical accounts, have been produced by both Jews and Christians since at least the 17th century. An Ashkenazi Jewish tradition speaks of these tribes as "Die Roite Yiddelech", "The little red Jews", cut off from the rest of Jewry by the legendary river Sambation, "whose foaming waters raise high up into the sky a wall of fire and smoke that is impossible to pass through".
Historians generally concluded that the groups referred to as the Lost Tribes merged with the local population. For instance, the "New Standard Jewish Encyclopedia" states:"In historic fact, some members of the Ten Tribes remained in Palestine, where apart from the Samaritans some of their descendants long preserved their identity among the Jewish population, others were assimilated, while others were presumably absorbed by the last Judean exiles who in 597-586 BC were deported to Assyria...Unlike the Judeans of the southern Kingdom, who survived a similar fate 135 years later, they soon assimilated..."
In declaring his conviction that "the Lost Tribes are indeed nothing but a myth", Parfitt writes that"The continued belief in the Lost Tribes is unabated... The present writer does not believe that the Ten Tribes are still to be found and accepts their disappearance as a historical fact that requires no further proof."
Mormonism.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS), which developed in the 19th century in the United States, has extensive teachings regarding the gathering of Israel and the restoration of the ten tribes. One of their main Articles of Faith written by Joseph Smith, Jr. is as follows: "We believe in the literal gathering of Israel and in the restoration of the Ten Tribes; that Zion (the New Jerusalem) will be built upon the American continent; that Christ will reign personally upon the earth; and, that the earth will be renewed and receive its paradisical glory." (LDS Articles of Faith #10)
Regarding the Ezekiel 37 prophecy, the LDS Church teaches that the "Book of Mormon" is the stick of Ephraim mentioned and that the Bible is the stick of Judah, thus comprising two witnesses for Jesus Christ. The LDS Church believes "The Book of Mormon" to be a collection of records by prophets of the ancient Americas, written on plates of gold and translated by Joseph Smith, Jr. circa 1830. The LDS Church considers the "Book of Mormon" one of the main tools for the spiritual gathering of Israel.
Ethnology and anthropology.
Expanded exploration and study of groups throughout the world through archeology and the new field of anthropology in the late 19th century led to a revival or reworking of accounts of the lost tribes. For instance, because archeological finds of the Mississippian culture's complex earthwork mounds seemed beyond the skills of the Native American cultures known to European Americans, they theorized that the ancient civilizations were linked to the Lost Tribes. They tried to fit new information into a biblical construct.
Groups which claim descent from lost tribes.
India.
Bene Israel.
After learning about normative Judaism in the 19th century, the Bene Israel often migrated from villages in Konkan to nearby cities, which included Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, and Karachi, in today's Pakistan. Based on Bene Israel tradition, after centuries of traveling through western Asia from Israel, their ancestors migrated to India and slowly assimilated to their surrounding community, while maintaining particular Jewish traditions. David Rahabi, an Indian Jew, found the Bene Israel in the 18th century and took note of their Jewish customs. Some historians note that the ancestors of the Bene Israel belonged to the one of the Lost Tribes of Israel, however Jewish authorities have not officially recognized the Bene Israel as one of the Lost Tribes.
Bnei Menashe.
Since the late 20th century, some tribes in the Indian North-Eastern states of Mizoram and Manipour claim they are Lost Israelites and have been studying Hebrew and Judaism.
Africa.
Beta Israel of Ethiopia.
The Beta Israel ("House of Israel") are Ethiopian Jews, who were also called "Falashas" in the past. Some members of the Beta Israel, as well as several Jewish scholars, believe that they are descended from the lost Tribe of Dan, as opposed to the traditional story of their descent from the Queen of Sheba. They have a tradition of connection to Jerusalem. Early DNA studies showed they were descended from Ethiopians, but in the 21st century, new studies have shown possible connection to a few Jews of the 4th to 5th century, possibly living in Sudan.
Igbo Jews.
The Igbo Jews of Nigeria claim descent variously from the tribes of Ephraim, Naphtali, Menasseh, Levi, Zebulun and Gad. 
The theory, however, does not hold up to historical scrutiny. Historians have examined the historical literature on West Africa from the colonial era and elucidated diverse functions which such theories served for the writers who proposed them.
Central Asia.
Pathans/Pashtuns of the Afghanistan regions.
The Pashtuns are a predominantly Muslim people, native to Afghanistan and Pakistan (Kashmir), who adhere to a pre-Islamic indigenous religious code of honor and culture, Pashtunwali. The myth about Pashtuns being from the lost tribes of Israel has never been substantiated through concrete historical evidence. Genetics studies also refute the myth. Many members of the Taliban, hail from the Pashtun tribes and do not necessarily refute their 'Israelite' descent.
The tribal name 'Yusef Zai' in Pashto has been claimed to translate as the 'sons of Joseph', as described in "Makhzan-i-Afghani," a historical work from the 17th century by Nehamtullah, an official in the royal court of Mughal Emperor Jehangir. A similar story is told by Iranian historian Ferishta.
A number of genetics studies refute the possibility of a connection.
Speculation regarding other ethnic groups.
Scythian / Cimmerian theories.
Several theories claim that the Scythians and/or Cimmerians were in whole or in part the Lost Tribes of Israel. These are generally based on the belief that the Northern Kingdom of Israel, which had been deported by the Assyrians, became known in history as the Scythians and/or Cimmerians. Various points of view exist as to their modern descendants.
The Behistun Inscription is often cited as a link between the deported Israelites, the Cimmerians and the Scythians (Saka).
The 19th-century British scholar George Rawlinson wrote:
Adherents point out that the Behistun Inscription connects the people known in Old Persian and Elamite as Saka, Sacae or Scythian with the people known in Babylonian as Gimirri or Cimmerian.
E. Raymond Capt, a British Israelite, claimed similarities between King Jehu's pointed headdress and that of the captive Saka king seen to the far right on the Behistun Inscription. He also posited that the Assyrian word for the House of Israel, "Khumri," which was named after Israel's King Omri of the 8th century BC, is connected phonetically to "Gimirri" (Cimmerian).
Critics of the Israel / Scythian theory argue that the customs of the Scythians and Cimmerians differ from those of the Ancient Israelites. In addition, the greater body of research on the history of ancient populations does not provide support for the purported links between these ancient populations.
British Israelism variant.
British Israelism (also known as 'Anglo-Israelism') espouses a theory that people of Western European descent, especially Britain and the United States, are descended from the lost tribes of Israel.
Tudor Parfitt, author of "The Lost Tribes: The History of a Myth", states that the proof cited by adherents of British Israelism is "of a feeble composition even by the low standards of the genre." (Parfitt,2003. p. 61.)
Other critics cite similar problems: “When reading Anglo-Israelite literature, one notices that it generally depends on folklore, legends, quasi-historical genealogies and dubious etymologies. None of these sources prove an Israelite origin for the peoples of northwestern Europe. Rarely, if ever, are the disciplines of archeology, sociology, anthropology, linguistics or historiography applied to Anglo-Israelism. Anglo-Israelism operates outside the sciences. Even the principles of sound biblical exegesis are seldom used, for...whole passages of Scripture that undermine the entire system are generally ignored...Why this unscientific approach? This approach must be taken because to do otherwise is to destroy Anglo-Israelism's foundation.”" (Orr, 1995)
Adherents argue that the deported Israelites became Scythians / Cimmerians who are ancestors of the Celts / Anglo-Saxons of Western Europe. The theory arose in England, whence it spread to the United States. During the 20th century, British Israelism was promoted by Herbert W. Armstrong, founder of the Worldwide Church of God. Armstrong argued that this theory provided a 'key' to understanding biblical prophecy; he felt called to proclaim these prophecies to the 'lost tribes' of Israel before the coming of the 'end-times'. The Worldwide Church of God no longer teaches the theory, but some offshoot churches such as the Philadelphia Church of God, the United Church of God, and the Living Church of God continue to teach it.
British Israelism has also been refuted by the findings of modern genetics, which show no connection between Semitic people from the Middle Eastern region and the people of the United Kingdom.
The United States, Native Americans.
In 1650, a British divine named Thomas Thorowgood, who was a preacher in Norfolk, published a book entitled "Jewes in America or Probabilities that the Americans are of that Race", which he had prepared for the New England missionary society. Tudor Parfitt writes:The society was active in trying to convert the Indians but suspected that they might be Jews and realized they better be prepared for an arduous task. Thorowgood's tract argued that the native population of North America were descendants of the Ten Lost Tribes.
In 1652 Sir Hamon L'Estrange, an English author writing on topics such as history and theology published an exegitical tract called "Americans no Jews, or improbabilities that the Americans are of that Race" in response to the tract by Thorowgood.
In response to L'Estrange, Thorowgood published a second edition of his book in 1660 with a revised title and included a forward written by John Eliot, a Puritan missionary to the Indians who had translated the Bible into an Indian language.
Steven Conn has noted that scientific research related to the earthwork monuments of the Mississippian culture and earlier moundbuilders contributed to European-American ideas that they and other ancient Native Americans were related to the Lost Tribes. Because these archeological remains exhibited a degree of complexity that Americans did not recognize in contemporary tribes of the 18th and 19th centuries, they assumed the ancient ones must have been a different people. They struggled to fit new finds into their biblical framework of history.
Brit-Am variant.
Brit-Am, sometimes confused with British Israelism, is an organization centered in Jerusalem, and composed of Jews and non-Jews. Brit-Am, like British Israel, identifies the Lost Ten Tribes with peoples of West European descent, but does so from a Jewish perspective, quoting both biblical and Rabbinical sources. It uses Rabbinical Commentary supplemented by secular theories that posit the Lost Tribes / Scythian / Cimmerian connection, which are believed to have been ancestors of current Western European cultures and nations. An example of Brit-Am scholarship may be seen from its treatment of Obadiah 1:20 Hebrew Obadiah mentions the Sepharad, believed by some to refer to Iberian Jews, where the original Hebrew as understood by Rabbinical Commentators such as Rashi and Don Isaac Abrabanel is referring to the Lost Ten Tribes in France and England. Brit-Am also believes that "Other Israelite Tribes gave rise to elements within Finland, Switzerland, Sweden, Norway, Ireland, Wales, France, Holland, and Belgium" and that "The Tribe of Dan is to be found amongst part of the Danish, Irish, and Welsh." Brit-Am also believes that the Khazars were descended from the Ten Tribes and quotes Jewish and non-Jewish sources that were contemporaneous with them.
Other variants.
Other organizations teach other variants of the theory, including the claim that the Scythians / Cimmerians represented in whole or in part the Lost Ten Tribes. One such theory posits that the lost Israelites can be defined by the Y-DNA haplogroup R, which makes up much of the population of Europe and Russia, which is in contrast to British Israelism and Brit-Am, which believe that the Israelites became only Western Europeans. It should be noted that the genetic findings postulated by this and other theories are typically inconsistent with the findings of generally accepted research in archeology, anthropology and population genetics.
Japanese.
Some writers have speculated that the Japanese people may be direct descendants of part of the Ten Lost Tribes. Tudor Parfitt writes that "the spread of the fantasy of Israelite origin... forms a consistent feature of the Western colonial enterprise":
"It is in fact in Japan that we can trace the most remarkable evolution in the Pacific of an imagined Judaic past. As elsewhere in the world, the theory that aspects of the country were to be explained via an Israelite model was introduced by Western agents."
In 1878, Scottish immigrant to Japan Nicholas McLeod published "Epitome of the Ancient History of Japan". McLeod drew correlations between his observations of Japan and the fulfillment of biblical prophecy:
The civilized race of the Aa. Inus, the Tokugawa and the Machi No Hito of the large towns, by dwelling in the tent or tabernacle shaped houses first erected by Jin Mu Tenno, have fulfilled Noah's prophecy regarding Japhet, "He shall dwell in the tents of Shem."(McLeod, 1878. p. 7)
Several other authors have followed McLeod in speculating about parallels between Japanese and Israelite rituals, culture and language in an attempt to support the hypothesis. Arismas Kubo, an ordained Christian minister, has translated McLeod's book into Japanese, and has published a number of works on the topic. In his article, "Mystery of the Ten Lost Tribes: Japan," he asserts that many traditional customs and ceremonies in Japan are very similar to those of ancient Israel. He postulates that perhaps these rituals came from the Jews through members of the Ten Lost Tribes of Israel, who might have come to ancient Japan.
Jon Entine emphasizes that DNA evidence shows there are no genetic links between Japanese and Israelite peoples.
Lemba.
The Lemba people (Vhalemba) from Southern Africa claim to be descendants of several Jewish men who traveled from what is now Yemen to Africa in search of gold, where they took wives and established new communities. DNA testing has genetically linked the Lemba with modern Jews and Muslim Semites. They have specific religious practices similar to those in Judaism and a tradition of being a migrant people, with clues pointing to an origin in West Asia or North Africa. According to the oral history of the Lemba, their ancestors were Jews who came from a place called Sena several hundred years ago and settled in East Africa. Sena is an abandoned ancient town in Yemen, located in the eastern Hadramaut valley, which history indicates Jews inhabited in past centuries. Some research suggests that "Sena" may refer to Wadi Masilah (near Sayhut) in Yemen, often called Sena, or alternatively to the city of Sana'a, also located in Yemen.
Other religions.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) believes in the literal gathering of Israel, and the LDS Church actively preaches the gathering of people from the twelve tribes.
"Today Israelites are found in all countries of the world. Many of these people do not know that they are descended from the ancient house of Israel," the church teaches in its basic "Gospel Principles" manual. "The Lord promised that His covenant people would someday be gathered ... God gathers His children through missionary work. As people come to a knowledge of Jesus Christ, receiving the ordinances of salvation and keeping the associated covenants, they become 'the children of the covenant' (3 Nephi 20:26)."
The church also teaches that "The power and authority to direct the work of gathering the house of Israel was given to Joseph Smith by the prophet Moses, who appeared in 1836 in the Kirtland Temple... The Israelites are to be gathered spiritually first and then physically. They are gathered spiritually as they join The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and make and keep sacred covenants... The physical gathering of Israel means that the covenant people will be “gathered home to the lands of their inheritance, and shall be established in all their lands of promise” (2 Nephi 9:2). The tribes of Ephraim and Manasseh will be gathered in the Americas. The tribe of Judah will return to the city of Jerusalem and the area surrounding it. The ten lost tribes will receive from the tribe of Ephraim their promised blessings (see D&C 133:26–34). . . The physical gathering of Israel will not be complete until the Second Coming of the Savior and on into the Millennium (see Joseph Smith—Matthew 1:37)."
The Quest.
The search for the Ten Lost Tribes continues unabated to the present. In recent years, groups in Africa, such as Ghana, Cameroon, Rwanda and other countries have claimed to be Lost Tribes; so too, tribes in Papua-New Guinea and in Burma have emerged with similar claims. Some of these groups, like the Bnei Menashe, are trying (and succeeding) to align with the Jewish people in the state of Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="5978354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978354" title="Sterolin">
Sterolin

ABCG5 and ABCG8 genes encode for two proteins sterolin-1 and -2, respectively. Sterolin-1 and –2 are two ‘half’ adenosine triphosphate binding (ATP) cassette (ABC) transporters which found to be indispensable for the regulation of sterol absorption and excretion. Mutations in either genes result in a lipid disorder, sitosterolemia.
Locus of the genes.
The molecular mechanisms regulating the absorption of dietary sterols in the body are poorly understood, and as sitosterolemia is a rare autosomal recessively inherited lipid metabolic disorder characterized by hyperabsorption and decreased biliary excretion of dietary sterols, studies have focused on the molecular basis of sitosterolemia to shed light on important principles concerning intestinal sterol absorption as well as cholesterol secretion into bile. 
In 1998, sitosterolemia (STSL) locus has been mapped to the short arm of human chromosome 2 (2p21) after studying 10 well-characterized families with this disorder. Subsequently, the STSL locus has been further localized to a less than 2 centimorgans (cM) region. 
In 2001, The STSL locus was found to be comprises two genes, ABCG5 and ABCG8, encoding 2 members of the ABC-transporter family, named sterolin-1 and sterolin-2, respectively, Sterolin-2, discovered after sterolin-1, is located <400 base pair (bp) upstream of sterolin-1 in the opposite orientation.
Structure of the encoded proteins.
Typical ABC transporter consists of two transmembrane domains and two nucleotide-binding domains. However, the ABCG or White subfamily with its five fully characterized human members consists of half-size ABC proteins which probably dimerize to form active membrane transporters. In our case, it is suggested that ABCG5 and ABCG8 form a heterodimer . Among the half-size molecules, ABCG proteins have a peculiar domain organization characterized by a nucleotide-binding domain at the N-terminus followed by six transmembrane-spanning domains.
Function.
Under normal circumstances, a western diet contains almost equal amounts of cholesterol and noncholesterol sterols(such as plant sterols sitosterol, campesterol,and brassicasterol). However, only about 55% of total dietary cholesterol is absorbed and retained while almost none of the noncholesterol sterols are retained since the small amount of dietary non-cholesterols that do enter the body are rapidly excreted by the liver into bile, almost unchanged. 
Sterolins are likely involved both in the selective transport of dietary cholesterol in and out of enterocytes and in selective sterol excretion by the liver into bile, as evidenced by the consequences when it is deficient or over expressed. The exact mechanism(s) whereby ABCG5/ABCG8 exert their effects on sterol metabolism has not yet been clarified. But it is suggested that the ABCG5/ABCG8 heterodimer shuttles cholesterol from the inner leaflet of the canalicular membrane through a chamber formed by the two half-transporters. Following ATP binding and hydrolysis, the complex undergoes a conformational change, flipping a cholesterol molecule into the outer membrane leaflet in a configuration that favors its release into the canalicular space. 
Based on the clinical defects in sitosterolemia, ABCG5/ABCG8 are expressed in the liver and/or the intestine. 5 These genes respond to environmental dietary sterols, although whether they are also increased by high phytosterols has yet to determined. 
It is worth to mention that other gene products play a role in dietary-cholesterol transport (such as ABCA1).
Disorders involving ABCG5 and ABCG8 genes.
Mutations in both alleles of either ABCG5 or ABCG8 in the human results in sitosterolemia. Sitosterolemia (also known as phytosterolemia) is a rare autosomal recessively inherited lipid metabolic disorder characterized by the presence of tendon xanthomas, premature coronary artery disease and atherosclerotic disease, hemolytic episodes, arthralgias and arthritis. The hallmark of sitosterolemia is diagnostically elevated levels of plant sterols in the plasma.

</doc>
<doc id="5978357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978357" title="Dell Sanchez">
Dell Sanchez

Dr. Dell Sanchez is a former social worker, educator, and CEO of a broadcasting company; who began research into the Sephardic roots of Northern Mexico and the Southwestern United States and the history of Spanish Jews and crypto-Jews. He is also a programmer for God's Learning Channel and runs an organization called the Aliyah Sephardic Center which encourages people to research their Sephardic lineage.
He has written several books on the subject of the Sephardic roots of the Southwest including:

</doc>
<doc id="5978358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978358" title="Crescent Heights High School">
Crescent Heights High School

Crescent Heights High School may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="5978360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978360" title="Italian general election, 1921">
Italian general election, 1921

General elections were held in Italy on 15 May 1921. The Liberal governing coalition, strengthened by the joining of Fascist candidates in the "National Blocs" (33 of whom were elected deputies), came short of a majority. The Italian Socialist Party, weakened by the split of the Communist Party of Italy, lost many votes and seats, while the Italian People's Party was steady around 20%. The Socialists were stronger in Lombardy (41.9%), than in their historical strongholds of Piedmont (28.6%), Emilia-Romagna (33.4%) and Tuscany (31.0%), due to the presence of the Communists (11.9, 5.2 and 10.5%), while the Populars were confirmed the largest party of Veneto (36.5%) and the Liberal parties in most Southern regions.

</doc>
<doc id="5978361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978361" title="Salitis">
Salitis

Salitis was the first king of the Hyksos to rule Northern Egypt. He founded the Fifteenth dynasty of Egypt. His rule began around 1648 BC. The precise dates of his rule are unknown. Northern Egypt was controlled by Hyksos rulers throughout the Dynasty. 
The Hyksos were people of Semitic origin who were thought to have invaded Egypt through the Sinai Peninsula and settled in the Delta. Some scholars argue that the Hyksos were not invaders, but elements of the local Semitic population of Lower Egypt who assumed control of lower Egypt when the 13th dynasty of Egypt collapsed. The Hyksos controlled all the Nile Delta and Northern Egypt.
Some scholars mention Salitis' name as "Sultan". This is an Arabic translation of the phrase "powerful king" because the king was considered to be the founder of the first Hyksos dynasty. Salitis captured Memphis and placed himself in higher rank than any of the royal families in the city. 

</doc>
<doc id="5978370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978370" title="Brad Arnsberg">
Brad Arnsberg

Bradley James Arnsberg (born August 20, 1963) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He was also the pitching coach for the Florida Marlins, Toronto Blue Jays, and Houston Astros. Now with the Arizona Diamondbacks, he currently resides in Cave Creek, Arizona with his wife Shelley. He has two children, Kyle and Kaden. Kyle is currently attending and playing baseball at Louisiana Tech University, and Kaden is at Grand Canyon University.
Playing career.
Arnsberg graduated from high school in Medford, Oregon, and was drafted in the first round of the draft (9th overall) out of Merced College. During his playing career, he played with the New York Yankees, Texas Rangers and the Cleveland Indians. He made his debut on September 6, 1986, at the age of 23. While pitching for the Rangers, he earned the save for Nolan Ryan's 300th career win against the Milwaukee Brewers in Milwaukee on July 31, 1990 (when the Brewers played in the American League). He played the last game of his career on April 23, 1992.
Coaching career.
Arnsberg served as a coach for the Florida Marlins as they won the 2003 World Series. After spending time in Toronto as a pitching coach, he was hired by the Houston Astros to serve as their pitching coach for the 2010 season. He was fired on June 14, 2011. In 2013 Arnsberg was hired by the Arizona Diamondbacks as a Major/Minor league rehab coordinator.

</doc>
<doc id="5978376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978376" title="Petre Crowder">
Petre Crowder

(Frederick) Petre Crowder, QC (18 July 1919 – 16 February 1999) was a British Conservative Member of Parliament and barrister.
Crowder was the son of Sir John Crowder, a Conservative Member of Parliament and predecessor as MP for Finchley of Margaret Thatcher. He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford just as his father was before him. He served in the Coldstream Guards from 1939, in North Africa, Italy and Burma, attaining the rank of Major. He became a barrister, called by Inner Temple in 1948. He was appointed Recorder of Gravesend in 1960, chairman of the Hertfordshire Quarter sessions in 1963 and became Queen's Counsel in 1964.
Crowder contested Tottenham North in a 1945 by-election and was elected as Member of Parliament for the Conservative safe seat of Ruislip-Northwood in 1950. He served until 1979, preceding John Wilkinson.
He married the Hon. Patricia (d. 2007), dau. of William Stourton, 25th Baron Mowbray, by whom he had two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="5978377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978377" title="Fern Hill, Tacoma, Washington">
Fern Hill, Tacoma, Washington

Fern Hill, a neighborhood located in the southern part of Tacoma, Washington, is generally defined as extending north to S. 72nd St, south to the city boundaries at 96th St, west to S. Sheridan Ave, and east to Pacific Avenue.
The neighborhood's main intersection is South 84th St. and S. Park Ave. Fern Hill's central business district [http://www.fernhillbusinessdistrict.com] contains several small shops like Park Ave. Book Store, Fern Hill Postal Branch, Fern Hill Coffee House, A Fine Design, InSpirations Massage, Norma's Barber Shop, Bill's Clock and Watch Repair, American Trophy, Hand Crafted By design. near 84th and Park, a Tacoma public library branch, an elementary school, and a large church as well as several stately historic homes.
Fern Hill has one of the highest densities of neighborhood parks in the city, having three parks within four blocks of the neighborhood business district.

</doc>
<doc id="5978387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978387" title="Mansion House, York">
Mansion House, York

The Mansion House in York, England is the home of the Lord Mayors of York during their term in office. It is situated on St Helen's Square, where York's "Coney Street" and "Lendal" intersect in the city centre. It is built in an early Georgian style. The foundation stone for the Mansion House was laid in 1725, with the building being completed seven years later in 1732. The architect who designed the Mansion House is unknown, although the frontage at least may be by William Etty.
In 1988 the house was restored by the York Civic Trust. It exhibits a wide collection of silver, antique furniture and paintings. The collection includes York's great sword of state, dated 1416, which once belonged to the Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund. The York Guildhall is situated behind the Mansion House.

</doc>
<doc id="5978390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978390" title="Lady Franklin's Lament">
Lady Franklin's Lament

"Lady Franklin's Lament" (a.k.a. "Lord Franklin" "The Sailor's Dream") (Roud 487) (Laws K9) is a broadside ballad indexed by George Malcolm Laws commemorating the loss of Sir John Franklin's British Arctic Expedition of 1845. It may have been published as a broadside as early as 1852, allegedly written by Jane Griffin (Lady Franklin), Sir John's widow.
It has been recorded by numerous artists, of whom Mícheál Ó Domhnaill and Kevin Burke are very well known in Ireland and sing on the album "Promenade". Variations and additions often occur, as in the case of The Duncan McFarlane Band, where the chorus of "Northwest Passage" is added to the end. 
A list of other recordings can be found further down this page. The melody is the traditional air 'Cailín Óg a Stór', and it was also used for Bob Dylan's song "Bob Dylan's Dream" (which also borrows lyrical ideas from Lady Franklin's Lament), as well as David Wilcox's "Jamie's Secret". The first verse is also used in "I'm Already There" by Fairport Convention
The phrase "ten thousand pounds" alludes to the reward for successfully traversing the Northwest Passage, and mirrors the phrase "a thousand pounds" in The Croppy Boy, set to the same tune.
Lyrics.
(To the tune of "The Croppy Boy") 
We were homeward bound one night on the deep 
Swinging in my hammock I fell asleep 
I dreamed a dream and I thought it true 
Concerning Franklin and his gallant crew
With a hundred seamen he sailed away 
To the frozen ocean in the month of May
To seek a passage around the pole 
Where we poor sailors do sometimes go.
Through cruel hardships they vainly strove 
Their ships on mountains of ice were drove
Only the Eskimo with his skin canoe 
Was the only one that ever came through
In Baffin's Bay where the whale fish blow
The fate of Franklin no man may know 
The fate of Franklin no tongue can tell 
Lord Franklin alone with his sailors do dwell
And now my burden it gives me pain 
For my long-lost Franklin I would cross the main 
Ten thousand pounds I would freely give 
To know on earth, that my Franklin do live.
List of Recordings.
// Andy Revkin and David Rothenberg
// Any Vine
// Arcanadh
// A L Lloyd
// Carmina
// Classic Maritime Music (Smithonian Folkways)
// Connie Dover
// Ed Gurk
// Father Michael Williams
// Folk Studio A
// Giuseppe Leopizz and Rosellina (instrumental)
// Gold Ring
// Hibernia Consort
// Jamie O'Brian
// Janetter Gerl
// Jo Freya
// Johnny Faa
// John Hauenstein
// John Martyn
// John Renbourn
// Jon Bickley
// Kimber's Men
// Liam Clancy
// Lynne Craig
// Lalla Rookh
// Martin Carthy
// Nic Jones
// Peaches in Wonderland
// Pentangle
// Pearlfishers
// Reaganta
// Simeon Hein
// Sinéad O'Connor
// Taliesyn (Zvesala!/Merrily!)

</doc>
<doc id="5978403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978403" title="Texas Irrigation Canals">
Texas Irrigation Canals

There are many irrigation canals in Texas. The majority of large canal networks are in the Rio Grande Valley and the Gulf Coast, though smaller systems are located throughout the state. Canals provide water to dry climates to irrigate crops.
Rio Grande Valley Canals.
El Paso Area Canals (Upper Rio Grande Valley).
One large canal system in Texas is located along the Rio Grande near El Paso. The canal system begins at the American Diversion Dam on the Texas-New Mexico-Mexico Border, which moves water into the American Canal on the US side of the Rio Grande. This canal runs along the Rio Grande through the city of El Paso. Downstream from El Paso, the canal begins to divide into smaller canals (including the Franklin Canal) used to irrigate a great amount of the Upper Rio Grande Valley (El Paso and Hudspeth county water districts). The network is managed by the US Bureau of Reclamation. The major canals in this network are the Riverside Canal (El Paso), American Canal, and the Franklin Canal. A similar canal system exists on the Mexican side of the river, beginning in Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua.
Eagle Pass Canals.
A canal system had been planned in Eagle Pass since 1885, when rancher Patrick W. Thompson drew up plans for an irrigation canal network. Construction on the project commenced in 1889. Progress was stopped due to a lack of funding after only three miles of canal were built. Construction on the project did not begin again until 1926, when Capt. W. A. Fitch pushed for construction. The canal began operation in 1932, and in the early 1970s, the main canal ran . Onions and figs were among the first crops grown here.
Lower Rio Grande Valley Canals.
A large canal system is located in the Lower Rio Grande Valley, at the southernmost tip of Texas. The area is covered by 25 water districts, stretching three counties. The tropical climate of this area provides ideal conditions for growing citrus fruits, watermelons, and many other fruits and vegetables. It is the state's primary growing area for many crops, including citrus.
Texas Colorado River Canals.
Another large system of canals in Texas is located on the Colorado River (not connected to the other Colorado River) in the Gulf Coast region. The canal network of is managed by the Lower Colorado River Authority (LCRA) and provides water to farm a region with inadequate and unreliable rainfall. Texas produces 7% of the nation's rice, and the majority of this rice is grown along the Colorado River. Nine pumping stations provide water to the canals. The network covers up to in Colorado, Matagorda, and Wharton Counties.
Phantom Lake Canal.
The Phantom Lake Canal is a canal in West Texas. The canal is used for irrigating vineyards, orchards, and other crops. The excess water in the canal feeds Lake Balmorhea. (Also See Balmorhea Canals)
Balmorhea Canals.
The Balmorhea Canal System acquires water from San Solomon Springs and transports it to nearby farms for irrigation. The water leaves the San Solomon Springs swimming pool in Balmorhea State Park in one large canal. The canal begins to divide after it leaves the park.
East Texas canals.
The canals in East Texas are used to deliver water mainly to rice farms throughout the area. There are many separate canals, most of them located to the East of Houston and the West of Beaumont. The canals are often mistaken for drainage ditches, which are very common in the area. The canals can usually be identified by several characteristics:
Although the canals are mostly located in remote areas, they can be seen from I-10 in certain places, both following and crossing the highway.

</doc>
<doc id="5978406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978406" title="USS Leopard (IX-122)">
USS Leopard (IX-122)

USS "Leopard" (IX-122), an "Armadillo"-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the Nth ship of the United States Navy to be named for the leopard, a large and ferocious spotted cat of southern Asia and Africa. Her keel was laid down as "William B. Bankhead" on 5 October 1943 by Delta Shipbuilding Company, in New Orleans, Louisiana, under a Maritime Commission contract (T. Z-ET1-S-C3). She was renamed "Leopard" on 27 October 1943, launched on 15 November 1943 sponsored by Mrs. William B. Bankhead, acquired by the Navy 24 December 1943, and commissioned on 26 December 1943 with Lieutenant G. C. Foltz in command.
Originally designed to carry dry cargo, "Leopard" was converted to a tanker, and departed Key West, Florida, on 18 January 1944 for the southwest Pacific. Arriving Bora Bora, Society Islands, on 27 February, she performed harbor fueling operations out of Australia and New Guinea until mid-April when she sailed for the Admiralty Islands. For the rest of the war, "Leopard" continued harbor fueling duties in the vicinity of New Guinea.
Following V-J Day, the tanker departed Seeadler Harbor on 30 August 1945 and arrived Manila Bay on 9 September where she performed similar services. "Leopard" remained in the Philippines until she sailed for the United States on 19 March 1946 arriving Norfolk, Virginia, on 11 May. She decommissioned there 21 June 1946 and was delivered to the War Shipping Administration the same day for disposal. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 3 July 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="5978424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978424" title="Kernel principal component analysis">
Kernel principal component analysis

In the field of multivariate statistics, kernel principal component analysis (kernel PCA) 
is an extension of principal component analysis (PCA) using techniques of kernel methods. Using a kernel, the originally linear operations of PCA are done in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space with a non-linear mapping.
Background: Linear PCA.
Recall that conventional PCA operates on zero-centered data; that is, 
It operates by diagonalizing the covariance matrix,
in other words, it gives an eigendecomposition of the covariance matrix:
which can be rewritten as
it is easy to construct a hyperplane that divides the points into arbitrary clusters. Of course, this formula_9 creates linearly independent vectors, so there is no covariance on which to perform eigendecomposition "explicitly" as we would in linear PCA.
Instead, in kernel PCA, a non-trivial, arbitrary formula_9 function is 'chosen' that is never calculated explicitly, allowing the possibility to use very-high-dimensional formula_9's if we never have to actually evaluate the data in that space. Since we generally try to avoid working in the formula_9-space, which we will call the 'feature space', we can create the N-by-N kernel 
which represents the inner product space (see Gramian matrix) of the otherwise intractable feature space. The dual form that arises in the creation of a kernel allows us to mathematically formulate a version of PCA in which we never actually solve the eigenvectors and eigenvalues of the covariance matrix in the formula_14-space (see Kernel trick). The N-elements in each column of "K" represent the dot product of one point of the transformed data with respect to all the transformed points (N points). Some well-known kernels are shown in the example below. 
Because we are never working directly in the feature space, the kernel-formulation of PCA is restricted in that it computes not the principal components themselves, but the projections of our data onto those components. To evaluate the projection from a point in the feature space formula_14 onto the kth principal component formula_16 (where exponent k means the component k, not powers of k)
We note that formula_18 denotes dot product, which is simply the elements of the kernel formula_19. It seems all that's left is to calculate and normalize the formula_20, which can be done by solving the eigenvector equation
where N is the number of data points in the set, and formula_22 and formula_23 are the eigenvalues and eigenvectors of K. Then to normalize the eigenvectors formula_24's, we require that
Care must be taken regarding the fact that, whether or not formula_26 has zero-mean in its original space, it is not guaranteed to be centered in the feature space (which we never compute explicitly). Since centered data is required to perform an effective principal component analysis, we 'centralize' K to become formula_27 
where formula_29 denotes a N-by-N matrix for which each element takes value formula_30. We use formula_27 to perform the kernel PCA algorithm described above.
One caveat of kernel PCA should be illustrated here. In linear PCA, we can use the eigenvalues to rank the eigenvectors based on how much of the variation of the data is captured by each principal component. This is useful for data dimensionality reduction. However in kernel PCA no such ranking exists.
Large Datasets.
In practice, a large data set leads to a large K, and storing K may become a problem. One way to deal with this is to perform clustering on the dataset, and populate the kernel with the means of those clusters. Since even this method may yield a relatively large K, it is common to compute only the top P eigenvalues and eigenvectors of K.
Example.
Consider three concentric clouds of points (shown); we wish to use kernel PCA to identify these groups. The color of the points is not part of the algorithm, but only there to show how the data groups together before and after the transformation. 
First, consider the kernel
Applying this to kernel PCA yields the next image.
Now consider a Gaussian kernel:
That is, this kernel is a measure of closeness, equal to 1 when the points coincide and equal to 0 at infinity.
Note in particular that the first principal component is enough to distinguish the three different groups, which is impossible using only linear PCA, because linear PCA operates only in the given (in this case two-dimensional) space, in which these concentric point clouds are not linearly separable.
Applications.
Kernel PCA has been demonstrated to be useful for novelty detection and image de-noising.

</doc>
<doc id="5978429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978429" title="Yegizaw Michael">
Yegizaw Michael

Yegizaw Michael is a prominent artist in Eritrea. He has exhibited his art in Eritrea, Kenya, Uganda, United States and Austria and has won numerous prizes and Awards. In 1995 he was the Best Artist of the Year in Kenya. He is also a two time winner of Eritrea's "Raimok" National Art Award for 1996 and 1997. In 1997 Yegizaw was the initiator, organizer and artist director of the historic "Artists Against AIDS" national awareness campaign in Eritrea. "Artists Against AIDS" involved over 30 Eritrean artists, musicians, poets who collaborated in a nationwide campaign to educate and sensitize people about the scourge of AIDS. After he moved to the US (where he now resides) he has produced several mosaics like the Seattle Children Art Museum and others.

</doc>
<doc id="5978441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978441" title="Robert Fellowes">
Robert Fellowes

Robert Fellowes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5978442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978442" title="Bundelkhand Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology">
Bundelkhand Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology

Bundelkhand Institute of Engineering and Technology, Jhansi () (commonly known as BIET Jhansi) is a government-funded autonomous engineering college in Jhansi, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is a constituent college of Gautam Buddha Technical University (erstwhile Uttar Pradesh Technical University). It is recognised by the All India Council for Technical Education.
It was established in 1986 by the government of Uttar Pradesh to provide impetus to technical education in the state and was the fifth government engineering college in the state. The first batch of the college was admitted in 1989 and graduated in 1993.
The highest executive body of the institute is the Board of Governors. Prof M.K. Gupta is the Director.
Management and administration.
BIET Jhansi is funded by the government of Uttar Pradesh. However, many of the new projects are also being supported by the World Bank under the Technical Education Quality Improvement Project (TEQIP).
Bundelkhand Institute of Engineering and Technology is a registered society under the Society Registration Act 1860, at Jhansi. The Board of Governors is the governing body of the society. The board includes:
History and foundation.
The foundation stone of the institute was laid in May 1986 by the then Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Vir Bahadur Singh. The first director of the institute was Prof. Ram Singh Nirjar, who became the Chairman of All India Council of Technical Education. He assumed office as the first director of the institute (then known as "Bundelkhand Engineering College") in 1988.
The institute started with two branches - Computer Science and Engineering, and Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering, with an intake of 30 students in each. Now the institute has seven undergraduate. courses and five postgraduate courses with annual intake around 475 in each year.
The campus added two additional branches - Mechanical Engineering and Civil Engineering - with an intake of 20 students each in 1990. In 1996, Chemical Engineering with an intake of 30 students was started and in 2000 Information Technology with intake of 40 students was added. In the same year, the intake of Mechanical Engineering, and Computer Science and Engineering, were raised to 45 and 60 students respectively, and Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering was rechristened as Electronics and Communication Engineering and intake was raised to 60. In 2006, the intake of Civil Engineering was increased to 45. From 2007 a four-year B. Tech programme in Electrical Engineering with an intake of 60 students was added to the existing B. Tech programmes.
In 2005 two postgraduate programmes in Environmental Engineering and Construction Technology and Management (in the Civil Engineering Department) and one in Manufacturing Science and Technology (in the Mechanical Engineering Department) with intake of 18 students each, was started. In 2006 an M. Tech. programme in Digital Communication System (in the Electronics and Communication Engineering Department) with an intake of 20 students was added to the list of postgraduate programmes. In 2007, a two-year management programme leading to an M.B.A. degree with an intake of 60 students, was started. The total intake of students in the institute, including M. Tech. programmes, is 474.
Admissions.
The institute admits students for its Bachelor in Technology (B.Tech) programme from all over India through the competitive Common Entrance Test SEE-UPTU.
Ranking.
For the academic session 2012-13 the institute was ranked 3rd (next to Harcourt Butler Technological Institute, Kanpur and Institute of Engineering and Technology, Lucknow) in terms of university results declared by UPTU among all the state level engineering institutes affiliated to the university.
Courses.
The institute offers its B.Tech. (Bachelor of Technology) programme in the following disciplines:
The institute offers M.Tech (Master of Technology) in following specializations:
Apart from the technical courses, the institute offers Masters in Business Administration (Under self finance scheme) in Finance, Marketing and Human Resource management.
The institute is a nodal centre for Indira Gandhi National Open University (Study Center Code: 2766(P)) and runs its courses.
Accreditation.
The B.Tech degrees in Civil, Electronics and Communication, Mechanical, Computer Science and Chemical branches of the institute have been accredited by the National Board of Accreditation. The CS and ME branches have been re-accredited for a period of three years, starting 2004, whereas the CE branch has been accredited for a period of five years.
Affiliation.
The institute is affiliated to the Gautam Buddh Technical University, Lucknow for the award of its B.Tech, M.Tech and MBA degrees.
Location.
BIET is located in the historical city of Jhansi in the Bundelkhand region of the state of Uttar Pradesh in north India. The institute's campus is located around 12 kilometers from the Jhansi Central Railway Station, on the Jhansi-Kanpur National Highway (NH 25).
Infrastructure.
Campus.
The institute has excellent physical infrastructure with lush green campus sprawling over .Total built-up area of the institute building is 28700 m². The inside of the campus resembles a city, with gardens, lawns, residential complexes and wide roads. The campus has its own water supply and backup electricity supply along with shopping centers to cater to the daily needs of residents.
The campus is divided into four zones:
The Central Library spreads over 1100 m². The Administrative block houses the Director's Office and the Central Library. Each department has its own separate block which houses the lecture halls and respective labs.
The student residential zone is divided into two main sectors—one for men's hostels and another for women's hostels. There are six hostels (four for boys and two for girls). The hostels are named after the books/ compositions of the Hindi poet Maithili Sharan Gupt.
Faculty.
Faculty list(incomplete)
The Teacher Student Ratio stands at 1:20. Faculty with post graduate qualification stands at 100% whereas the percentage of faculty with PhD is 68%.
The institute employs senior technical personnel as guest faculty following the trend of industry-academia collaboration. The institute encourages industrial trips to, and closer co-operation with, government and private industry.
Central Library.
The Central Library has a collection of 33,500 books including 8,300 books by the World bank. It has 86 journals and 580 back volumes of IEEE, ASWE, American Society of Civil Engineers, ACM, ACI, etc. International journals and technical papers are accessible to students through the Indian National Digital Library in Engineering INDEST-AICTE consortium. 
IBM Centre of Excellence.
IBM identified BIET Jhansi as an IBM Centre of Excellence, starting academic session 2010-11. Through the IBM Academic Initiative, IBM is working with BIET Jhansi to teach students the open-standards skills to compete in the ever-changing technology workplace by conducting training for students through faculty enabled by IBM.
http://www-07.ibm.com/in/projectpraviin/coe_up.html
Knowledge infrastructure.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering.
The Department of Computer Science and Engineering was established in 1989. The department is a member of the Computer Society of India (CSI). The department has a Software Development Lab, Information System Lab, Computer Graphics Lab, UNIX and LINUX Lab, and a Database Management Lab.The unique feature of college is SUN Java Lab, which is not available in any other college of UPTU. The department gives internet service to students through ISDN line provided by BSNL. These computers are connected to each other through LAN and these are supported by a SUN server with EM 64T (extended Memory 64 bit Technology Intel Xeon processor) with 800 or higher MHz front side bus and hyper threading support.
The systems are equipped with operating systems such as LINUX, UNIX, Solaris, Windows NT, Windows XP and software packages that include Java, Oracle 10i, Developer 2000, C++/C, Visual Basic, ASP, SQL Server etc. and open source software packages.
Department of Information Technology.
The Department of Information Technology was established in 2000. It hosts Digital and Computer Graphics Lab which consist of 15 Logic Trainer Boards, performing logical testing facilities. The Department is equipped with 64 bit RISC Based IDNY (R400) silicon graphic server. The Department has Image Processing tools, Meta Labs, and other graphic facilities.
Department of Chemical Engineering.
The Department of Chemical Engineering was established in 1996. The department has organized training programs under World Bank Assisted, Technical Education Quality Improvement Program (TEQIP).
The department has Chemical Engineering lab, Fluid Mechanics Lab, Fluid and Particle Operations Lab, Heat Transfer Lab, Chemical Reaction Engineering Lab, Process Dynamics and Instrumentation Lab, Chemical Technology Lab, Energy Lab and Mass Transfer Lab. The department has a CAD lab with Chemical Engineering software like ASPEN, ORIGIN,and PROSIMULATOR.
Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering.
The Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering was established in 1989. The department has a Microprocessor Lab. The Digital Electronics Lab is used for study of encoders and decoders, multiplexers and demultiplexers, flip -flops, counters and shift registers, and parity generators and checkers. A brief idea of digital I.C. is also provided.
A Fiber Optics Communication Lab is established in the department, provides education on fiber optics communication, analog and digital link, attenuation: banding, and impurities. Other labs include Printed Circuit Board Lab and Electrical Machine Lab.
The Department contributes to IEEE by doing research.
Department of Civil Engineering.
The Department of Civil Engineering was established in 1989. The department is engaged by the Ministry of Urban Development, Government of India, Rural Engineering Services and U.P. Jal Nigam to train field and sector professionals for government departments. The department does research projects sponsored by AICTE/DST/UP-CST.
Department of Mechanical Engineering.
The Department of Mechanical Engineering was established in 1990. The department has a CAD Lab equipped with Pentium IV 2.8 GHz, plotters etc. and software packages such as Pro-e (Wild Fire), Catia, Autocad 2000. The department has a Refrigeration and Air-Conditioning Lab, Fluid Machinery Lab, Machine Lab, Heat Transfer Lab, Automobile Lab and Materials testing lab.
Department of Electrical Engineering.
The department of electrical engineering was established in 2007.The department has a Microprocessor Lab. The Digital Electronics Lab is used for study of encoders and decoders, multiplexers and demultiplexers, flip -flops, counters and shift registers, and parity generators and checkers. A brief idea of digital I.C. is also provided.
Placement record.
The institute has an excellent placement record. The entire class of 2012 were placed in multinational and national companies. Some of the past recruiters at BIET include JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Adobe Systems(India), Aricent Technologies, Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC India), Infosys Technologies, Accenture(India), Sasken, Reliance Industries Ltd, Samsung Electronics, Tata Consultancy Services, HCL Technologies, Pepsi, Wipro, Tech Mahindra, Mahindra Satyam, GlobalLogic, SAIL,BAJAJ POWER, UPRVUNL, EGIS India Consulting Engineers,Vizag steel, Hindustan Unilever, Jaypeee Group, Larsen & Toubro, Jindal Group, Syntellent, Era Constructions, DSCL, Soma Enterprises among others.
Summer internship.
The students of the new MBA programme underwent an intensive two months summer training at ITC, Coke, Reliance, Godrej, Blue Star, LML, HAL, BAJAJ, BHEL, Hindalco, IFFCO, HDFC, ICICI,NTPC, among others.
Events.
Annual cultural festival - Utsav.
Utsav provides opportunity to the budding talent in the institute to showcase their talent to a larger audience.
Annual technical festival - TeChZioN.
TeChZioN is the annual technical festival which allows students to showcase their technical abilities beyond the ambit of academics. Many colleges of repute are invited to take part in TeChZioN. Technical symposiums and guest speakers from many areas of technical research and development mark this event.
Annual sports festival - PACE.
PACE is the annual sports fest which promotes a spirit of friendly competition among the branches of the college. The overall winner branch parades through the institute campus.
Annual alumni meeting - Kutumb.
The institute organizes Kutumb every year to celebrate the success and growth of its alumni and to share their experience with present students.
There are chapters of the alumni network in industrial bases like Bangalore and Noida.
Bencolites.
The institute used to be known as Bundelkhand Engineering College. BENCOL is an acronym for Bundelkhand ENgineering COLlege. Hence the term "Bencolites" refers to the students (current and graduated) of the institute. Though BENCOL was changed to BIET (in around 1994-1995), the term Bencolites is still used by alumni.

</doc>
<doc id="5978447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978447" title="Kalevi Oikarainen">
Kalevi Oikarainen

Kalevi Oikarainen (born April 27, 1936 in Kuusamo). is a former Finnish cross country skier who competed during the 1960s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble and placed 7th in the 30 km event at those same games.
Oikarainen's biggest success was at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, where earned a gold in 50 km in 1970 and a silver in the 4 x 10 km in 1966. He also won the 15 km event at the 1959 Holmenkollen ski festival.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5978451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978451" title="Laura J. Mixon">
Laura J. Mixon

Laura J. Mixon (born December 8, 1957) is a chemical and environmental engineer better known as a science fiction writer. She writes about the impact of technology and environmental changes on personal identity and social structures. Her work has been the focus of academic studies on the intersection of technology, feminism, and gender. She has also experimented with interactive storytelling, in collaboration with renowned game designer Chris Crawford. She is married to SF writer Steven Gould ("Jumper"), with whom she collaborated on the novel "Greenwar". In 2011, she began publishing under the pen name Morgan J. Locke. Under that name, she is one of the writers for the group blog "Eat Our Brains".
Biography.
Mixon was born in December 1957 and went on to become a Chemical and Environmental Engineer. In the 1980s, she took a break from that work to serve in the Peace Corps in East Africa. Her first book, "Astropilots", was published as part of a Young Adult series by Scholastic/Omni books in 1987. Her second novel, "Glass Houses", was originally serialized in "Analog" Magazine in 1991; it was published by Tor Books the following year. She wrote her next book, "Proxies", set in the same universe as "Glass Houses", but with a bigger scope. "Burning the Ice" continues the story begun in "Proxies", but takes place long after the colony ship has left Earth.
Mixon is married to SF writer Steven Gould, with whom she has two daughters. They live in Albuquerque, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="5978460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978460" title="Joseph Mallalieu">
Joseph Mallalieu

Sir Joseph Percival William Mallalieu (18 June 1908 – 13 March 1980) was a British Labour Party politician, journalist and author.
Mallalieu was educated at the Dragon School in Oxford, Cheltenham College, Trinity College, Oxford and the University of Chicago. He was President of the Oxford Union in 1930 and a Rugby blue. He served in the Royal Navy 1942-45. His novel, "Very Ordinary Seaman", is based on his experiences in the navy.
Mallalieu was Member of Parliament for Huddersfield from 1945 to 1950, and for Huddersfield East after boundary changes from 1950 to 1979. He had various ministerial positions under Harold Wilson, including Defence for the Royal Navy (1964–1967), the Board of Trade (1967–1968) and Technology (1968–1969). 
Mallalieu's father Frederick and brother Lance were also Members of Parliament. His daughter, Ann, is a Labour peer. 
Mallalieu is the author of "Rats!" (Left Book Club, 1941) under the pseudonym 'The Pied Piper'.
A collection of his writing on various sports, mostly written for "The Spectator" magazine, was published as "Sporting Days" (The Sportsmans Book Club, 1957).

</doc>
<doc id="5978463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978463" title="NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division, Southeast Series">
NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division, Southeast Series

The NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division, Southeast Series was a NASCAR-sanctioned amateur/semi-pro racing series based in the Southeastern United States. The series was formerly known as the Slim Jim All Pro Series; it was founded in 1991 as the result of a merger between the All PRO Super Series and the NASCAR All-American Challenge Series The drivers who have graduated from this series include Shawna Robinson, Rick Crawford, Robert Huffman, Jason Keller, and David Reutimann. NASCAR terminated the series following the 2006 season.
List of champions (NASCAR All Pro Series/Southeast Series).
The following drivers won the All Pro Series/Southeast Series championship between the series' inception in 1991 and its termination in 2006.
List of champions (NASCAR All-American Challenge Series).
The following drivers won the All-American Challenge Series championship between the series' inception in 1984 and its merger into the All-Pro Series termination in 1991.
List of champions (All PRO Super Series).
The following drivers won the All PRO Super Series championship between the series' inception in 1980 and its merger into the All-Pro Series termination in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="5978477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978477" title="Niqmaddu II">
Niqmaddu II

Niqmaddu II was the second ruler and king of the Ancient Syrian city of Ugarit, reigning ca. 1350-15 BC (or possibly ca. 1380-46 BC) and succeeding his father Ammishtamru I. He took his name from the earlier Amorite ruler Niqmaddu, meaning "Addu has vindicated" to strengthen the supposed origins of his Ugaritic dynasty in the Amorites.
He was a contemporary of the Egyptian ruler Amenophis IV and the Hittite ruler Shuppiluliuma I, and was a vassal of the latter. He had good relations with Egypt, and conceded to the Amorites in a dispute over the Shiyannu region early in his reign. He commissioned the Baal cycle about the god Haddu/Ba'al, and had a son, Niqmepa.
He is identified in Syrian on an alabaster vase along with a woman in Egyptian court dress, and is mentioned in the Baal cycle as King "nqmd". He was succeeded briefly by Ar-Halba.

</doc>
<doc id="5978484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978484" title="Italian general election, 1924">
Italian general election, 1924

General elections were held in Italy on 6 April 1924. They were held under the Acerbo Law, which stated that the party with the largest share of the votes would automatically receive two-thirds of the seats in Parliament as long as they received over 25% of the vote. The National Bloc of Benito Mussolini (an alliance with Catholics, Liberals and Conservatives) used intimidation tactics, resulting in a landslide victory and a subsequent two-thirds majority.

</doc>
<doc id="5978490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978490" title="Songlines Live">
Songlines Live

Songlines Live is the seventh album and second commercially released live recording and first DVD by American jam band The Derek Trucks Band, released in 2006 (see 2006 in music). It was recorded at the Park West in Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="5978501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978501" title="Hannu Taipale">
Hannu Taipale

Hannu Taipale (born June 22, 1940 in Veteli, Finland) is a former Finnish cross country skier who competed during the 1960s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble.
Taipale also won the silver medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1966 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. He finished 5th in the 50 km event at those same games.

</doc>
<doc id="5978505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978505" title="Niqmepa">
Niqmepa

Niqmepa (died 1270 BC) was the fourth King of Ugarit, a city-state in northwestern Syria. Niqmepa was a contemporary of Mursili II and Hattusili III, the great Hittite kings, as well as Horemheb and Seti I of Egypt. His reign is well documented by cuneiform texts found at Ugarit. He ruled for about fifty years (ca. 1320–1270 BC) making his reign one of the longest in Ugarit history. He was the son of Niqmaddu II, and the brother and successor of Arhalba. Arhalba only ruled for two years and was forced to abdicate in favor of his brother by the Hittite king Mursili II after his failed attempt to reproach Egypt for an alliance against the Hittites.
Niqmepa was installed by the Hittite king Mursili II and was forced to sign a new treaty declaring explicitly that Ugarit was a vassal state of the Hittites. The treaty reveals that Niqmepa had a harem, and states that his woman and children will be held responsible if he fails to honor his obligations. At the same time Ugarit lost control of the territory of "Shiyannu" to the east, which halved the area controlled by Niqmepa. The secession was confirmed by Mursili II and "Shiyannu" was placed under the direct control of Carchemish, which was ruled by descendants of Hittite kings as "viceroys". However, because of the loss of "Shiyannu", and by request from Niqmepa, the tribute of Ugarit was reduced by a third. During Niqmepa's reign Ugarit became entirely encircled by areas under Hittite control.
Niqmepa married princess Ahatmilku, of the Amurru kingdom to the south. After a long reign of about 50 years as the vassal of four successive Hittite kings, Niqmepa was succeeded by his son, Ammittamru II.

</doc>
<doc id="5978509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978509" title="Gerard Kleisterlee">
Gerard Kleisterlee

Gerard Johannes Kleisterlee (born 28 September 1946) is Chairman of Vodafone and a former President and Chief Executive Officer of Royal Philips Electronics (known universally as Philips).
Biography.
Early life.
Born in Germany in 1946 to Dutch and German parents, he was raised in the Netherlands. He was educated at a Jesuit-run Canisius College in Nijmegen, he attended the Eindhoven University of Technology. He received an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton Business School in 1991.
Career.
Trained as an electronics engineer, like his father, he has worked at Philips all his life. From 1981 to 1986 he was General Manager of Philips' Professional Audio Product Group. Kleisterlee joined Philips Components in 1986. After becoming General Manager of Philips Display Components for Europe. He was appointed Managing Director of Philips Display Components Worldwide in 1994. He became President of Philips Taiwan and Regional Manager for Philips Components in Asia-Pacific in 1996. From September 1997 through June 1998 he was also responsible for all the activities of the Philips Group in China. He served on the Hong Kong Chief Executive's Council of International Advisers from 1998 to 2005.
He was determined not only to transform Philips' image with consumers but also turn it into a high-growth, high-tech company, something that more than 10 years of restructuring, under two predecessors, failed to do. As CEO he:
He was succeeded by Frans van Houten as CEO of Philips in April 2011. A director of DELL, Kleisterlee was nominated as the successor at Vodafone to chairman John Bond in January 2011, a position he assumed in July 2011. He was awarded an Honorary doctorate from the Catholic University of Leuven in 2005. He was named 2006 Europe Businessman of the Year by "Fortune".
Personal life.
He resides in Amsterdam with his wife and three children.

</doc>
<doc id="5978511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978511" title="Kenneth Lomas">
Kenneth Lomas

Kenneth Lomas (16 November 1922 – 15 July 2000) was a British Labour Party politician.
Lomas was educated in Ashton-under-Lyne and served in the Royal Marines 1942–46 including in the Commando Group. He worked for the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers then as assistant regional organiser of the National Blood Transfusion Service. He was branch secretary for the National Union of Public Employees.
Lomas contested Blackpool South at the 1951 general election and Macclesfield in the 1955 general election.
He was elected at the 1964 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Huddersfield West, and held the seat until he stood down at the 1979 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="5978520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978520" title="LSU Tigers football">
LSU Tigers football

The LSU Tigers football team, also known as the Fighting Tigers represents Louisiana State University in the sport of American football. The Tigers compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) and the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). LSU ended the 2013 season with 753 victories, the 11th most in Division I FBS NCAA history, and the 4th most of any SEC team, behind only Alabama (827), Tennessee (799), and Georgia (759). The Tigers also have the 11th highest winning percentage among teams with at least 1,000 games played.
LSU has won three National Championships in 1958, 2003 and 2007. LSU won the BCS National Championship in 2004 (2003 season) with a 21–14 win over Oklahoma in the Nokia Sugar Bowl in New Orleans, and victory in the 2008 BCS National Championship Game (2007 season) versus the Ohio State Buckeyes with a 38–24 score, thus becoming the first team since the advent of the BCS to win multiple BCS national titles.
LSU has been featured in a game with "ESPN College GameDay" on location a total of 20 times, and the show has aired from Baton Rouge a total of 9 times. The Tigers have now made at least one appearance on the show in each of the past 10 seasons.
Current head coach Les Miles has led the team since 2005.
Championships.
National championships.
The NCAA's website states that "the NCAA does not conduct a national championship in Division I-A football and is not involved in the selection process." It goes on to say that "a number of polling organizations provide a final ranking of Division I-A football teams at the end of each season." LSU officially claims three national championships (1958, 2003 & 2007); however, the school has been recognized as national champions by polling organizations on five additional occasions: 1908 (National Championship Foundation), 1935 (Williamson System), 1936 (Williamson System, Sagarin Ratings), 1962 (Berryman-QPRS), and 2011 (Anderson & Hester, Congrove Computer Rankings). (The NCAA officially changed the "I-A" designation to the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) in 2006.) In the 2007 season, LSU became the first program to win multiple BCS National Championship Games and the second program to win a national championship with multiple losses.
1958
The 1958 LSU Tigers football team under head coach Paul Dietzel, cruised to an undefeated season capped by a win over Clemson in the 1959 Sugar Bowl. LSU was named the national champion in both the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll prior to their 7-0 Sugar Bowl victory over Clemson. It was the first recognized national championship for LSU in the poll era.
2003
The 2003 LSU Tigers football team was coached by Nick Saban. LSU won the BCS National Championship, the first national championship for LSU since 1958. The Tigers battled for an 11–1 regular season record and then defeated Georgia in the SEC Championship Game. The LSU Tigers faced off against Oklahoma for the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) national title. LSU beat Oklahoma 21–14 in the 2004 Sugar Bowl designated as the BCS National Championship Game.
2007
The 2007 LSU Tigers football team, coached by Les Miles, won the Southeastern Conference championship and the national championship with a 12–2 record. The LSU Tigers took on the top ranked Ohio State Buckeyes in the 2008 BCS National Championship Game defeating them 38–24. This win made the LSU Tigers the first team to win two BCS National Championships in its history. On their way to the BCS championship, the Tigers won their tenth Southeastern Conference championship by defeating Tennessee in the 2007 SEC Championship Game.
National championship game appearances.
Since the BCS system came into existence in 1998, LSU has played in the national championship game three times, compiling a 2-1 record. All three of the Tigers' appearances have come in the Superdome in New Orleans.
Conference championships.
LSU has won a total of fourteen conference championships in three different conferences. Since becoming a founding member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) in 1933, LSU has won eleven conference championships.
Divisional championships.
Since the SEC began divisional play in 1992, LSU has won or shared the SEC West title 8 times, and is 4–1 in the SEC Championship game.
History.
Head coaching history.
LSU has had 32 head coaches since it began play during the 1893 season, and since January 2005, Les Miles has served as head coach. Charles McClendon is the leader in seasons coached and games won, with 137 victories during his 18 years with the program. Allen Jeardeau has the highest winning percentage of those who have coached more than one game, with .875. Of the 32 different head coaches who have led the Tigers, Dana X. Bible, Mike Donahue, Biff Jones, Bernie Moore, Jerry Stovall and McClendon have been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Football seasons.
The LSU Tigers football team played their 120th season of college football during the 2013 season.
Paul Dietzel era (1955–1961).
TEAM STATS: First Downs OLE MISS 19 LSU 6, Rushing OLE MISS 51-140 LSU 32-(-15), Passing OLE MISS 15-27-2 LSU 9-25-1, Passing Yards OLE MISS 223 LSU 89, Total Offense OLE MISS 78-363 LSU 57-74, Punting OLE MISS 6-37.5 LSU 12-34.3, Fumbles-Lost OLE MISS 4-2 LSU 2-0 Penalties-YDS OLE MISS 7-65 LSU 4-30
Logos and uniforms.
Helmets.
Pre-1946, LSU wore leather helmets.
From 1947 through 1955, LSU wore an old gold helmet.
In 1956, head coach Paul Dietzel changed the color of the helmet to a yellow-gold similar to that of the Green Bay Packers. It featured a white one-inch center stripe with purple three-quarter inch flanking stripes.
From 1957 through 1971, LSU added jersey numbers to the sides of the helmet.
In 1972, the first logo was introduced, a tiger head inside a purple circle with LSU written underneath the tiger head.
In 1977, LSU introduced its current helmet. The logo features curved LSU lettering written above the Tiger head logo with purple facemasks.
Special helmets.
In 1997, LSU wore White helmets in the Independence Bowl vs Notre Dame.
In 2007, LSU wore white helmets in a game against Tulane to promote relief for Hurricane Katrina.
In 2009, LSU wore "old" gold styled helmets in a game against Arkansas as part of a Nike Pro Combat promotion. The uniforms were donned "Couchon De Lait" which is cajun for pig roast. The name stemmed from LSU's cajun culture and the mascot of Arkansas being the razorbacks, a type of wild boar or pig.
In 2011 for a Nike Pro Combat promotion, the Tigers wore a white helmet with old gold and purple stripes to accompany a white uniform.
Jerseys.
The current style of jerseys were introduced by coach Paul Dietzel in 1957 with "TV" numerals on the shoulders. Those numbers were moved to the sleeves in 1959.
LSU's white jerseys have purple numbers on the front, back and sleeves with a gold center stripe flanked by two purple stripes encircling the shoulders.
LSU's purple jerseys have white numbers on the front, back and sleeves with a white center stripe flanked by two yellow stripes encircling the shoulders.
Since the wearing of white jerseys has become a tradition for LSU football, the white jerseys are typically worn for both home and away games. The exception is for non-SEC home games other than the home opener where LSU wears purple jerseys.
Pants.
The team traditionally wears one style of pants, which are gold with white and purple trim.
For a 1995 game at Kentucky, the Tigers wore purple pants, which had no stripes and a tiger head logo on the left thigh. LSU lost to the Wildcats 24–16 and the pants were never worn again.
LSU has worn white pants on six occasions since 1996
Traditions.
5-Yard lines - Tiger Stadium also is notable for putting all yard line numbers on the field, not just those that are multiples of 10. However, the 10-yard-line numbers are the only numbers that get directional arrows, as the rules make no provision for 5-yard-line numbers.
First, Second and Third Down Cheers - When the Tigers are on offense and earn a first down, the fans perform the "First Down Cheer". It includes the "Hold that Tiger" musical phrase from "Tiger Rag" played by the LSU band and the fans shout "Geaux Tigers" at the end of each phrase. The "Second Down Cheer" is a musical selection that is followed by the crowd chanting L-S-U! The "Third Down Cheer" is based on the song "Eye of the Tiger" made famous by Survivor.
Geaux Tigers - A common cheer for all LSU athletics, Geaux Tigers, pronounced "Go Tigers", is derived from a common ending in French Cajun names, -eaux. Acknowledging the state’s French heritage, it is common for fans to issue LSU newcomers an endearing “French” name. Intended to be more humorous than grammatically correct, coaches are especially targeted. Gerry DiNardo became “Dinardeaux”, Nick Saban became “Nick C’est Bon”.
Geaux to Hell Ole Miss - When LSU is playing their rival, Ole Miss, LSU fans shout "Geaux to Hell Ole Miss. Geaux to hell" frequently, and signs with the same saying can be seen throughout the stadium. Ole Miss fans typically respond with "Go to hell, LSU!" Legend has it this was started prior to the 1959 contest when Coach Paul Dietzel, trying to motivate his troops, hired a plane to litter the LSU campus with flyers saying, "Go to Hell, LSU!" When word of this reached Oxford, Johnny Vaught, not to be outdone, responded in kind by littering the Ole Miss campus with flyers saying, "Go to Hell, Ole Miss!" Saturday night, 30 minutes prior to kickoff, Tiger Stadium was already packed with the crowd split down the middle between Tigers and Rebels. Each set of fans were shouting at the top of their lungs to the other, "Go to Hell!" The tradition has stuck ever since.
H style goal posts - LSU's Tiger Stadium sports "H" style goal posts, as opposed to the more modern "Y" style used by most other schools today. This "H" style allows the team to run through the goal post in the north endzone when entering the field.
The crossbar from the goalposts which stood in the north end zone of Tiger Stadium from 1955 through 1984 is now mounted above the door which leads from LSU's locker room onto the playing field. The crossbar is painted with the word "WIN!", and superstition dictates every player entering the field touch the bar on his way out the door.
Hot boudin - LSU's famous cheer before games and during about famous food in Louisiana. It goes " Hot boudin, cold coush-coush, come on tigers, push push push." Push is pronounced poosh to rhyme with coush-coush [koosh-koosh]. Coush-coush is a Cajun dish generally served for breakfast.
Jersey 18<br>Jersey No. 18 was an LSU tradition established in 2003 when Quarterback Matt Mauck guided LSU to the National Championship. After Mauck's final season, he passed jersey No. 18 to running back Jacob Hester who helped LSU win the 2007 National Championship. The jersey became synonymous with success on and off the field as well as having a selfless attitude. Each season, a Tiger player is voted to wear the No. 18 jersey.
Night Games in Tiger Stadium<br>The tradition of playing night games in Tiger Stadium began on October 3, 1931 when LSU defeated Spring Hill 35-0. Several reasons were cited for playing at night such as avoiding the heat and humidity of afternoon games, avoiding scheduling conflicts with Tulane and Loyola football and giving more fans the opportunity to see the Tigers play. Attendance increased and night football became an LSU tradition. LSU has also traditionally played better during night games based on winning percentage.
Pregame Show - Louisiana State University Tiger Marching Band "pregame show" was created in 1964, and revised over the next nine years into its current format. The marching band lines up along the end zone shortly before kick off. Then the band strikes up a drum cadence and begins to spread out evenly across the field. When the front of the band reaches the center of the field, the band stops and begins to play an arrangement of "Pregame" (Hold that Tiger). While it does this, the band turns to salute the fans in all four corners of the stadium. Then the band, resuming its march across the field, begins playing "Touchdown for LSU." At this point, the LSU crowd chants "L-S-U, L-S-U, L-S-U..."
South End Zone<br>The south end zone in Tiger Stadium has been the scene of many memorable plays in LSU history, but it is best known for its goal line stands.
The first memorable goal line stand occurred in the 1959 "Cannon's Halloween Run" game vs. Ole Miss. Billy Cannon returned a punt 89 yards for a touchdown, but it took a goal line stand with Warren Rabb and Billy Cannon stopping Ole Miss' Doug Elmore at the goal line with time expiring to seal the victory. In 1971, LSU had three goal line stands vs. Notre Dame to win 28-8. The most memorable of the three was the first with Notre Dame on the one-yard line, Ronnie Estay and Louis Cascio hit Notre Dame's Andy Huff at the goal line to prevent a touchdown. In a 1988 game vs. Texas A&M, LSU stopped the Aggies at the two-yard line despite the distraction of a bank a lights going dark midway through Texas A&M's series of plays. LSU's defense earned the nickname the "Lights Out Defense" following the stop. Other memorable goal line stands include 1985 Colorado State, 1985 Florida, 1986 North Carolina, 1986 Notre Dame, 1991 Florida State, 1992 Mississippi State and 1996 Vanderbilt.
Tailgating - For home football games, LSU fans from every corner of the region, well over ninety thousand, descend on the Baton Rouge campus; setting up motor homes and tents for one of Louisiana's biggest parties as early as Thursday before Saturday football games. Tailgating is found across the entire campus with many fans tailgating in the same spot year after year. Some tailgaters form affiliations or organizations and name their "tailgating krewes".
LSU has continually been ranked as the top tailgating location in the country. ESPN.com ranked LSU as the top tailgating destination in America. The Sporting News proclaimed "Saturday Night in Death Valley" and Tiger tailgating as the top tradition in college football. LSU's tailgating was named No. 1 in a Associated Press poll on top tailgating spots and by a CNN network survey on top tailgating locations.
Visiting team supporters can be heckled and chants of "Tiger Bait! Tiger Bait!" are sometimes directed at opposing teams fans. The opposing fans who take the jeers and jaunts with a sporting disposition will be invited to join in on the party, the drink, the regional Cajun cuisine, the spirit of Saturday night in Baton Rouge, and the vibrant tradition of LSU football. During men's basketball season, you can find RV's tailgating the day before a weekend game and during baseball season some fans will tailgate for the entire three days of a weekend series.
Tiger Bait - LSU fans will yell "Tiger Bait, Tiger Bait" at visiting fans who wear their team colors.
Tiger Bandits - Whenever LSU forces a turnover or gets the ball back via a defensive stop, the LSU band plays the "Tiger Bandits" song and LSU fans bow in respect to the defensive stop. The original title of the song was called "Chinese Bandits", but the title was eventually changed to "Tiger Bandits" (or just simply "Bandits") to make the tradition more inclusive. The term "Chinese Bandits" originated as the nickname that LSU Coach Paul Dietzel gave to the defensive unit he organized in 1958, which helped LSU to win its first national championship. The next season, the 1959 Chinese Bandit defense held their opponents to an average of only 143.2 yards per game. No LSU defense since has done better.
Victory Gold - In 2012, a new tradition was established at Tiger Stadium. Following an LSU football victory, the lights that illuminate the upper arches on the north end of the stadium light up in LSU "Victory Gold".
Victory Hill - The LSU football players, coaches, cheerleaders and Mike the Tiger in his cage, "Walk Down Victory Hill" on North Stadium Drive prior to each home game on their way to Tiger Stadium. Thousands of fans line both sides of the road to watch and cheer for the Tigers football team. The practice was started under then head coach Gerry Dinardo and it endures today.
The LSU Tiger Marching Band or The Golden Band from Tigerland, Golden Girls and Colorguard, "March Down Victory Hill" about an hour prior to each home game. Fans line both sides of the road and listen for the cadence of drums announcing the band's departure from the Greek Theatre and await the arrival of the band. The band stops on top of Victory Hill and begins to play their drum cadence while beginning to "March Down Victory Hill". The band then stops on Victory Hill and begins to play the opening strains of the "Pregame Salute." Then, while playing the introduction to "Touchdown for LSU," the band begins to run in tempo through the streets and down the hill amidst the crowd of cheering fans. From there, the band enters the PMAC and plays a pep ralley for TAF members.
White Jerseys - LSU is notable as one of the few college football teams that wears white jerseys for home games as opposed to their darker jerseys (in their case, purple). Most other NCAA football teams wear their darker jerseys in home games, even though football is one of the few college sports that do not require a specific jersey type for each respective team (for instance, college basketball requires home teams to wear white or light-colored jerseys while the away team wears their darker jerseys), and is similar to the NFL in letting the home team decide what to wear.
The tradition started in 1958, when Coach Paul Dietzel decided that LSU would wear white jerseys for the home games. LSU went on to win the national championship that year. Since then, LSU continued to wear white jerseys at home games through the 18-year tenure of Charles McClendon. Then in 1983, new NCAA rules prohibited teams from wearing white jerseys at home. Because of this, LSU wore purple jerseys during home games from 1983 to 1994. The team's fans believed wearing purple jerseys were "bad luck" and often complained about being forced to wear purple jerseys at home although LSU won SEC championships in 1986 and 1988 wearing purple at home. In 1993, then-coach Curley Hallman asked the NCAA for permission to wear white jerseys at home during LSU's football centennial, but was turned down.
In 1995, LSU's new coach, Gerry DiNardo, was determined to restore LSU's tradition of white home jerseys. DiNardo personally met with each member of the NCAA Football Rules Committee, lobbying LSU's case. DiNardo was successful, and LSU again began wearing white jerseys at home when the 1995 season began. In LSU's first home game with the white jerseys, unranked LSU prevailed in a 12–6 upset victory over #6 Auburn.
The 1995 rule allowing LSU to wear white at home had one stipulation: the visiting team must agree for conference and non-conference games. In 1997, the SEC amended its rule to allow the home team its choice of jersey color for conference games without prior approval of the visiting team. Therefore, only for non-conference home games does the home team seek permission to wear white jerseys at home. In 2009, the NCAA further relaxed the previous rule that required most away teams to wear white. The rule now states that teams must simply wear contrasting colors.
After the 1995 rule change, on two occasions LSU was forced to wear colored jerseys at home. The first time was in 1996 against Vanderbilt, who was still angry at LSU for hiring Gerry DiNardo, who left Vanderbilt to become LSU's head coach after the 1994 season. LSU wore gold jerseys for that game (a 35–0 LSU victory), and fans were encouraged to wear white in an effort to "white out" the Commodores. The other was in 2004 when Oregon State did not want to suffer in its black jerseys due to the humid weather of Louisiana in late summer, thus forcing LSU to wear its purple jerseys for a nationally-televised game on ESPN.
After the 1995 rule change, LSU was forced to wear colored jerseys on the road on four occasions. In 1998 and 2000, Florida coach Steve Spurrier exercised this option and forced LSU to don a colored jersey at Gainesville. The Tigers wore gold in 1998 under Gerry DiNardo (lost 22–10) and purple in 2000 under Nick Saban (lost 41–9). In 2007 and 2009, LSU also wore its purple jerseys on the road at Mississippi State, but the Tigers emerged victorious both times (45–0 in 2007 and 30–26 in 2009). Prior to the rule change, in 1978 LSU lost to Mississippi State in Jackson, Mississippi wearing purple jerseys.
Currently, LSU does not wear the traditional white jerseys for every home game. LSU only wears white jerseys for the home opener and for home games against SEC opponents. For non-SEC home games other than the home opener, LSU wears purple jerseys at home.
SEC Legends.
Starting in 1994, the Southeastern Conference has annually honored one former football player from each SEC member school as an "SEC Legend." Through 2013, the following twenty former LSU Tigers football players have been honored as SEC Legends.
College Football Hall of Fame inductees.
LSU has had 8 players and 5 head coaches inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Rivalries.
Alabama Crimson Tide.
LSU and Alabama have played every year since the 1960s, with Alabama holding a historic edge in the series, 48–25–5. Many trace the origins of the rivalry back to a 15-game undefeated streak Alabama had in Tiger Stadium, which is generally considered to be one of the most hostile atmospheres in college football. While their rivalries against Auburn and Tennessee may overshadow their rivalry with LSU, the significance of this rivalry increased after Alabama hired former LSU coach Nick Saban in 2007. The bitterness and vitriol has increased over the last couple of years. The LSU-Alabama rivalry continues after the November 5, 2011 game and the 2012 National Championship where the two teams faced off. Alabama beat LSU 21-17 in Baton Rouge in 2012. Alabama also defeated LSU 38-17 in 2013. With the win, Alabama currently owns a three game winning streak over LSU.
Arkansas Razorbacks.
After the Razorbacks left the Southwest Conference in 1990, Arkansas joined the SEC in 1991 and began a yearly rivalry with LSU. Spurred by both the SEC and the schools, LSU and Arkansas have developed a more intense football rivalry. The winner takes home the Golden Boot, a trophy in the shape of the states of Arkansas and Louisiana that resembles a boot. The trophy was created by the SEC to try to help develop fan and player interest in the new rivalry. The game, played the day after Thanksgiving until the 2010 season, is usually the last regular season game for each team and is broadcast on CBS. In 2002, the rivalry gained momentum as the game winner would represent the Western Division of the SEC in the SEC Championship Game. Arkansas won on a last second touchdown pass by Matt Jones. In 2006, the Razorbacks, who had already clinched the SEC Western Division and were on a 10-game winning streak, were beaten by LSU in Little Rock. In 2007, Arkansas stunned top-ranked LSU in triple overtime, giving them their first win in Baton Rouge since 1993, and again defended the Golden Boot trophy with a last minute touchdown drive in 2008. A 15th ranked LSU would win back the trophy for the first time in two years in 2009 after Razorback kicker Alex Tejeda missed a field goal that would have sent the game into a second overtime, solidifying LSU's record as the third best in the SEC as well as a position to go to the Capital One Bowl. The LSU Tigers were defeated at Little Rock in 2010, with Arkansas winning 31–23 which sent the Razobacks to their first-ever BCS appearance at the Allstate Sugar Bowl. In 2011, the #1 ranked Tigers defeated the Razorbacks 41-17 in Tiger Stadium, after overcoming a 14-0 deficit.
Auburn Tigers.
While Auburn's rivalries against Alabama and Georgia may overshadow its rivalry with LSU, in the 2000s, LSU's biggest rival was the Auburn Tigers. The two share more than just a nickname, as they have both enjoyed success in the SEC's Western Division and plenty of memorable match ups. Either Auburn or LSU has won at least a share of the SEC Western Division championship for eight of the last eleven years. The home team won every game from 2000 through 2007, until visiting LSU defeated Auburn in 2008. Both the 2007 and 2008 games saw LSU win dramatic, come-from-behind victories with last minute touchdown passes.
Florida Gators.
Although both universities were founding members of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) in December 1932, the Florida Gators and Tigers did not meet on the gridiron for the first time until 1937. LSU is Florida's permanent inter-divisional rival. LSU has played Florida every year since 1971. Florida leads the series 31–26–3. The longest winning streak in the LSU–Florida series is held by Florida, with nine victories from 1988 to 1996. LSU's longest winning streak is four, from 1977 to 1980. The winner of the Florida-LSU game has gone on to win the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) national championship game from 2006-2008. Some of the notable games in this rivalry include the 1960: Wristband Robbery, 1964: Hurricane Delay, 1972: Flooded Swamp, 1989: College Football's First Overtime Game, 1997: LSU's Revenge, 2006: Tebow Domination, and 2007: 5 for 5 on fourth down.
With a few exceptions, this rivalry has been known for close games in recent years, with both teams usually coming into the match-up highly ranked. The Gators and Tigers have combined to win five national championships and eleven SEC titles over the past two decades.
Mississippi State Bulldogs.
The LSU–Mississippi State rivalry, is an annual football game between the Louisiana State Tigers and Mississippi State Bulldogs. Both universities are founding members of the Southeastern Conference, as well as the Western Division. This rivalry is LSU's longest rivalry with 107 meetings and is leading the series 71-33-3.
Ole Miss Rebels.
LSU's traditional SEC rival is Ole Miss. Throughout the fifties and sixties, games between the two schools featured highly ranked squads on both sides and seemingly every contest had conference, and at times national, title implications. The Magnolia Bowl Trophy is now awarded to the winner of the LSU-Ole Miss rivalry now known as the "Magnolia Bowl". Recently, the second to last regular season game has been between these two colleges. There is still a strong rivalry between both schools.
From 1961 through 1988, LSU did not play on the Ole Miss campus in Oxford, Mississippi. Instead, all of the Rebels' home dates in the series were contested at Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium in Jackson. LSU and Ole Miss played at Oxford in 1989 for the first time in 29 seasons, then moved the series permanently to Vaught-Hemingway Stadium in 1994 after the 1991 and 1992 contests returned to Jackson.
Tulane Green Wave.
LSU's oldest rival is Tulane; the first LSU-Tulane football game was played in 1893 and for the first fifty or so years of Tiger football, no team was more hated by LSU fans than the Green Wave. The series, in which they battle for the Tiger Rag, was played continuously from 1919 to 1994. The intrastate rivalry featured two teams which were geographically close (Baton Rouge and New Orleans are roughly apart) and drew on socio-political tensions between the state's capital and seat of government and its biggest and most culturally important city. As opponents in the SIAA, Southern Conference and SEC, the Tulane rivalry flourished for many years but slowly declined after Tulane left the SEC and de-emphasized athletics. Until 1949, the series was very competitive, with LSU leading 23–18–5; since 1949, LSU has dominated, going 45–4–2. The two teams renewed the annual series in 2006 and ended it again after the 2009 meeting. However, as a condition for ending the annual series, the two teams will play each other in New Orleans sometime in the near future.
Texas A&M Aggies.
Texas A&M is LSU's ninth oldest collegiate-football rivalry. LSU leads the series 29-20-3. The Tigers and Aggies have faced each other in two bowl games. LSU won the January 1, 1944, Orange Bowl 19–14 and LSU won the January 7, 2011 Cotton Bowl Classic 41-24. From 1945-1988 was the most dominant span by either team in the series history. LSU was 20-5-1 vs Texas A&M during this span. LSU won the first ever SEC matchup between the two teams 24-19 at Kyle Field. It currently has been 19 years since Texas A&M has defeated LSU in a football game.
Polls.
Preseason polls.
The LSU Tigers football team has been ranked #1 in the Pre-season Associated Press Poll (AP Poll) in 1959 and the Pre-season Coaches' Poll in 2012.
Final polls.
The LSU Tigers football team finished the season ranked #1 in the Final Associated Press Poll (AP Poll) in 1958 and 2007. The Tigers were ranked #1 in the Final Coaches' Poll in 1958, 2003 and 2007. The Tigers also finished #2 in the Final AP Poll in 2003 and 2011 and the Final Coaches Poll in 2011.
Bowl games.
LSU has played in 45 bowl games, compiling a record of 23–21–1.
LSU and the NFL.
LSU Tigers players in the NFL Draft.
The LSU Tigers football team has had 318 players drafted into the National Football League (NFL). This includes 38 players taken in the first round and two overall number one picks, Billy Cannon in the 1960 NFL Draft and 1960 AFL Draft, and Jamarcus Russell in the 2007 NFL Draft.
Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Three former LSU football players have been inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Stadiums.
Tiger Stadium.
Tiger Stadium is the 92,542-seat home of the LSU Tigers football team. The stadium is the eighth largest on-campus stadium in the NCAA and the eighteenth largest stadium in the world. The current record attendance of 93,374 was set on November 3, 2012 when LSU played host to Alabama.
Tiger Stadium contains 70 skyboxes, called "Tiger Den" suites and a 3,200 seat club level named "The Stadium Club". The Paul Manasseh Press Box is located in the west upper-deck.
In April 2012, construction plans call for approximately 60 suites and 3,000 club seats above the existing south end zone seats, as well as approximately 1,500 general public seats above the new suite and club seating to be completed by the 2014 season. The project, privately funded by Tiger Athletic Foundation, will bring the capacity of Tiger Stadium to near or above 100,000.
Tiger Stadium first opened its gates in the fall of 1924 with a seating capacity of 12,000. In the season finale, LSU hosted Tulane in the first game. As of the 2012 season, LSU has gone on to post a 384-143-18 (.722) mark in Tiger Stadium. Moreover, Tiger Stadium is also known for night games, an idea that was first introduced in 1931 against Spring Hill (a 35-0 LSU victory). In 2006, LSU celebrated its 75th year of playing night football in Tiger Stadium. LSU has played the majority of its games at night and the Tigers have fared better under the lights than during the day. From 1960-2012, LSU is 221–60–4 (.782) at night in Tiger Stadium compared to a 25–26–3 (.491) record during the day over that span. 384-143-18 (.722)
State Field.
State Field was the former home stadium of the LSU Tigers football team from 1893-1923. The field was located on the old downtown Baton Rouge campus of LSU.
Practice and Training facilities.
Charles McClendon Practice Facility.
The Charles McClendon Practice Facility is the name of the LSU Tigers football practice facility. The facility features the LSU Football Operations Center, the Tigers Indoor Practice Facility and four outdoor 100-yard football practice fields. In 2002, it was named after former LSU head coach and College Football Hall of Fame member, Charles McClendon.
LSU Football Operations Center.
The LSU Football Operations Center, built in 2006, is an all-in-one facility that includes the Tigers locker room, players' lounge, weight room, training room, equipment room, video operations center and coaches offices. The operations center atrium holds team displays and graphics, trophy cases and memorabilia of LSU football. A nutrition center for student athletes is being added to the facility.
The locker room features 140 stations for the players with lockable storage bins and a padded seating area. The players' lounge allows the players to access computers, play pool and play multiple gaming systems on high-definition TVs. The building holds multiple player meeting rooms that allow every position to have their own meeting room or the team can meet as one in the Lawton Team Room.
The football weight room is over 10,000 square feet and includes 16 multi-purpose platform, bench, incline, squat and Olympic lifting stations along with 12 dumbbell bench stations. The weight room also features 2 treadmills, 4 stationary bikes and 2 elliptical cross trainers in addition to medicine balls, hurdles, plyometric boxes and assorted speed and agility equipment.
The training room features a view of the practice fields, hydro-therapy and multiple stations to treat the players.
The video operations center is equipped with editing equipment to review practice and game footage along with producing videos for the team. On the second floor, each coach has their own office and multiple meetings. A coaches' lounge is also located in the building.
Located at the back of the Football Operations Building, the Nutrition Center for Student Athletes will serve as a resource to provide individualized nutritional meals for all student-athletes at LSU.
LSU Indoor Practice Facility.
The LSU Indoor Practice Facility, built in 1991, is a climate-controlled 8,250 square feet facility connected to the Football Operations Center. It holds a 100-yd indoor field with Momentum Field Turf by SportExe. The indoor practice facility is located behind the football operations center.
LSU Outdoor Practice Fields.
The four outdoor practice fields are directly adjacent to the football operations center and indoor practice facility. Three of the fields are natural grass, while the fourth has a Momentum Field Turf by SportExe playing surface.
Recruiting.
Compiled by Rivals.com (Yahoo! Sports), Scout.com (Fox Sports), Scouts Inc. (ESPN) and 24/7 Sports (CBSSports.com)
Future opponents.
Non-division opponents.
LSU plays Florida as a permanent non-division opponent annually and rotates around the "East" division among the other six schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="5978528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978528" title="Letter of Piha-walwi">
Letter of Piha-walwi

The Letter of Prince Piha-walwi of Hatti to King Ibiranu of Ugarit (CTH 110) is a Hittite diplomatic text of the 13th century BC.
Piha-walwi complains to King Ibiranu of Ugarit, that he had not sought an audience with the Hittite king, presumably Tudhaliya IV, asking him to rectify this immediately and to send messengers with gifts for the king and for Piha-walwi himself. 
Ibiranu seems to have complied, as in another letter, the Ugaritic ambassador to Hattusa warns Ibiranu that the Hittite king was offended by the inferior gems he received, recommending that the king expects to be presented with lapis lazuli.

</doc>
<doc id="5978530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978530" title="The Magic Cloak of Oz">
The Magic Cloak of Oz

The Magic Cloak of Oz is a 1914 film directed by J. Farrell MacDonald. It was written by L. Frank Baum and produced by Baum and composer Louis F. Gottschalk. The film is an adaptation of Baum's novel, "Queen Zixi of Ix".
The film had severe distribution problems, owing to the box office failure of "The Patchwork Girl of Oz". Advertisements claimed that the film would be released September 28, 1914, by Paramount Pictures, but this apparently never occurred, though it was apparently released in its entirety in 1917. It was eventually reduced from a five-reel film to two two-reel films known as "The Magic Cloak" and "The Witch Queen". The current prints are assembled from these two films, and so the film is incomplete. All of its titles are missing, and "The Magic Cloak" title card, which is not in The Oz Film Manufacturing Company style, is used without any additional credits. Its only allusion to Oz is a title card's claim that the fairies of Burzee are "fairies of Oz".
Intertitles confirm that the cast included Violet MacMillan as Timothy, or Bud, who becomes king of Noland due to a legal loophole; Mildred Harris as his sister, Margaret, or Fluff; Fred Woodward as Nicodemus, the mule, and possibly some other animals as well, and Vivian Reed as Quavo, the minstrel. After Juanita Hansen became better known, the fact that she portrayed the title role, Queen Zixi, was mentioned in many contemporary sources. The International Wizard of Oz Club published Scott Andrew Hutchins' "An Oz Filmography" on their website, and in an edited form in the Spring 2004 issue of "The Baum Bugle", in which he postulated several other members of the "Oz" stock company in other roles. This information was submitted by a third party to the Internet Movie Database and has been accepted by some commentators as fact, although there is no contemporary evidence of this.
16 mm prints of this film are distributed by Em Gee and have been released on home video in various formats with different, and sometimes no, musical accompaniments. None include that which Gottschalk wrote for the film. Its highest profile release is on the third disc of the 2005 3-disc edition of "The Wizard of Oz (1939 film)". The film consisted of 5 reels, which translates to 38 minutes runtime, at 24 frames per second).
In 2009, a longer version of the film was released on DVD and Blu-ray (though not in high definition) as part of the Ultimate Collector's Editions of "The Wizard of Oz (1939 film)". The presentation runs about five and a half minutes longer than the 2005 version and does not contain musical score. Additional scenes and were included, and subplots were expanded upon, including the additions of Nicodemus getting help from 4 witches (from "His Majesty, the Scarecrow of Oz" ) the Roly-Rogues clapping hands on a hill and a sailor making a necktie of a piece of the Magic Cloak he bought. This version was only held in private collections and shown at private conventions prior to the home video release.
Blooper.
One intertitle refers to Jikki as "silly old Zixi". Later Zixi is introduced with the same name. The name Jikki is used in the book for the first character, but never in the intertitles as a result of this mistake.

</doc>
<doc id="5978542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978542" title="Ammurapi">
Ammurapi

Ammurapi was the last Bronze Age ruler and king of the Ancient Syrian city of Ugarit, from ca. 1215 to 1180 BC. Ammurapi was a contemporary of the Hittite King Suppiluliuma II. He wrote a vivid letter (RS 18.147) in response to a plea for assistance from the king of Alashiya which has been preserved. It dramatically highlights the desperate situation facing Ugarit while it was also under attack by the invading Sea Peoples.
Ammurapi wrote:
Ugarit would become one of many Ancient Near Eastern states that were destroyed or abandoned during the Bronze Age collapse.

</doc>
<doc id="5978548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978548" title="Municipal district">
Municipal district

A municipal district is an administrative entity comprising a clearly defined territory and its population. It can refer to a city, town, village or a small grouping of them, or a rural area.

</doc>
<doc id="5978557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978557" title="Vladimir Voronkov">
Vladimir Voronkov

Vladimir Petrovich Voronkov () (born March 20, 1944) was a Soviet/Russian cross country skier who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, training at the Armed Forces sports society in Moscow. He won the 4 x 10 km gold at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo for the USSR. Voronkov also finished 4th in the 30 km event at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble
He also won a gold medal at the 1970 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in the 4 x 10 km relay.

</doc>
<doc id="5978560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978560" title="Ernest Fernyhough">
Ernest Fernyhough

Ernest Fernyhough (24 December 1908 – 16 August 1993) was a British Labour Party politician. 
Fernyhough worked for the National Union of Distributive and Allied Workers from 1936.
In 1947, Fernyhough was elected Member of Parliament for the Labour stronghold of Jarrow in a by-election caused by the death of Ellen Wilkinson - and held the seat until he retired in 1979. 
Fernyhough was Parliamentary Private Secretary to Prime Minister Harold Wilson from 1964 and a junior minister for Employment and Productivity from 1968 to 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="5978561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978561" title="Nelson Bengston">
Nelson Bengston

Nelson Bengston (August 29, 1905 – December 4, 1986) was a United States businessman whose political views and actions in the civil rights movement landed him on the master list of Nixon political opponents. He was president of Bengston & Co., and a member of Business Executives Move for Vietnam Peace. He was also Treasurer of Amnesty International USA and member of the NAACP and several other progressive organizations. He worked for the Treasury selling War Bonds during World War II, and was Finance Director of Sidney Hillman's National Citizens Political Action Committee during the 1944 presidential election campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="5978579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978579" title="Gymnarchus">
Gymnarchus

Gymnarchus niloticus – commonly known as the aba, aba aba, frankfish, freshwater rat-tail, poisson-cheval, or African knifefish – is an electric fish, and the only species in the genus Gymnarchus and the family Gymnarchidae within the order Osteoglossiformes. It is found exclusively in swamps and near vegetated edges in the Nile, Turkana, Chad, Niger, Volta, Senegal, and Gambia basins.
Description and biology.
"G. niloticus" has a long and slender body, with no caudal, pelvic, or anal fins. The dorsal fin is elongated, running along the back of the fish towards the blunt, finless tail, and is the main source of propulsion. It grows up to in length and in weight.
"G. niloticus" is nocturnal and has a poor vision. Instead, it navigates and hunts smaller fish using a weak electric field similar to that of the related elephantfish. Also like the elephantfish, it possesses an unusually large brain, which is believed to help it interpret the electrical signals. It can make its tail negatively charged with respect to its head. This produces a symmetrical electric field around its body. Nearby objects distort this field, and it can sense the distortion on its skin.
"G. niloticus" females lay their eggs in floating nests up to a metre across. The adults continue to guard the young after hatching.

</doc>
<doc id="5978595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978595" title="Black and White (Static-X song)">
Black and White (Static-X song)

"Black and White" is a single by the industrial metal band Static-X. It is the first single from their second album, "Machine". The music video for the song shows the band one by one waking up from a hypnosis state of mind, beginning to perform and then slowly turning into robots, resembling those seen in the Terminator movies. The video was directed by Len Wiseman.
"Black and White" DVD.
"Black and White" has also appeared in form of a DVD release which contained video for the track "Black and White", "Permanence" audio version and video snippets of "This Is Not", "Push It" and I'm with Stupid".

</doc>
<doc id="5978615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978615" title="Time-evolving block decimation">
Time-evolving block decimation

The time-evolving block decimation (TEBD) algorithm is a numerical scheme used to simulate one-dimensional quantum many-body systems, characterized by at most nearest-neighbour interactions.
It is dubbed Time-evolving Block Decimation because it dynamically identifies the relevant low-dimensional Hilbert subspaces of an exponentially larger original Hilbert space. The algorithm, based on the Matrix Product States formalism, is highly efficient when the amount of entanglement in the system is limited, a requirement fulfilled by a large class of quantum many-body systems in one dimension.
Introduction.
There is nowadays a considerable interest in the field of quantum theory for computational methods well-suited to the physics of many-body systems. Considering the inherent difficulties of simulating general quantum many-body systems, the exponential increase in parameters with the size of the system, and correspondingly, the high computational costs, one solution would be to look for numerical methods that deal with special cases, where one can profit from the physics of the system. The raw approach, by directly dealing with all the parameters used to fully characterize a quantum many-body system is seriously impeded by the lavishly exponential buildup with the system size of the amount of variables needed for simulation, which leads, in the best cases, to unreasonably long computational times and extended use of memory. To get around this problem a number of various methods have been developed and put into practice in the course of time, one of the most successful ones being the quantum Monte Carlo method (QMC). Also the density matrix renormalization group (DMRG) method, next to QMC, is a very reliable method, with an expanding community of users and an increasing number of applications to physical systems.
When the first quantum computer will be plugged in and functioning, the perspectives for the field of computational physics will look rather promising, but until that day one has to restrict oneself to the mundane tools offered by classical computers. While experimental physicists are putting a lot of effort in trying to build the first quantum computer, theoretical physicists are searching, in the field of quantum information theory (QIT), for genuine quantum algorithms, appropriate for problems that would perform badly when trying to be solved on a classical computer, but pretty fast and successful on a quantum one. The search for such algorithms is still going, the best-known (and almost the only ones found) being the Shor's algorithm, for factoring large numbers, and Grover's search algorithm.
In the field of QIT one has to identify the primary resources necessary for genuine quantum computation. Such a resource may be responsible for the speedup gain in quantum versus classical, identifying them means also identifying systems that can be simulated in a reasonably efficient manner on a classical computer. Such a resource is quantum entanglement; hence, it is possible to establish a distinct lower bound for the entanglement needed for quantum computational speedups.
Guifré Vidal, then at the Institute for Quantum Information, CalTech,
has recently proposed a scheme useful for simulating a certain category of quantum systems. He asserts that ""any quantum computation with pure states can be efficiently simulated with a classical computer provided the amount of entanglement involved is sufficiently restricted"
This happens to be the case with generic Hamiltonians displaying local interactions, as for example, Hubbard-like Hamiltonians. The method exhibits a low-degree polynomial behavior in the increase of computational time with respect to the amount of entanglement present in the system. The algorithm is based on a scheme that exploits the fact that in these one-dimensional systems the eigenvalues of the reduced density matrix on a bipartite split of the system are exponentially decaying, thus allowing us to work in a re-sized space spanned by the eigenvectors corresponding to the eigenvalues we selected.
One can also estimate the amount of computational resources required for the simulation of a quantum system on a classical computer, knowing how the entanglement contained in the system scales with the size of the system. The classically (and quantum, as well) feasible simulations are those that involve systems only a trifle entangled—the strongly entangled ones being, on the other hand, good candidates only for genuine quantum computations.
The numerical method is efficient in simulating real-time dynamics or calculations of ground states using imaginary-time evolution or isentropic interpolations between a target Hamiltonian and a Hamiltonian with an already-known ground state. The computational time scales linearly with the system size, hence many-particles systems in 1D can be investigated.
A useful feature of the TEBD algorithm is that it can be reliably employed for time evolution simulations of time-dependent Hamiltonians, describing systems that can be realized with cold atoms in optical lattices, or in systems far from equilibrium in quantum transport. From this point of view, TEBD had a certain ascendance over DMRG, a very powerful technique, but until recently not very well suited for simulating time-evolutions. With the Matrix Product States formalism being at the mathematical heart of DMRG, the TEBD scheme was adopted by the DMRG community, thus giving birth to the time dependent DMRG [http://www.citebase.org/cgi-bin/citations?id=oai:arXiv.org:cond-mat/0403313], t-DMRG for short.
Around the same time, other groups have developed similar approaches in which quantum information plays a predominant role as, for example, in DMRG implementations for periodic boundary conditions and for studying mixed-state dynamics in one-dimensional quantum lattice systems. Those last approaches actually provide a formalism that is more general than the original TEBD approach, as it also allows to deal with evolutions with matrix product operators; this enables the simulation of nontrivial non-infinitesimal evolutions as opposed to the TEBD case, and is a crucial ingredient to deal with higher-dimensional analogues of matrix product states.
The decomposition of state.
Introducing the decomposition of State.
Let us consider a chain of "N" qubits, described by the function formula_1
This may seem rather esoteric in the beginning but let's try take a look at how this decomposition is obtained and what it is good for.
For this we have to make use of another piece of mathematics called the Schmidt decomposition of a state, or singular value decomposition.
The Schmidt decomposition.
Let us consider the state of a bipartite system formula_2. Every such state formula_3 can be represented in an appropriately chosen basis as:
where formula_5 are formed with vectors formula_6 that make an orthonormal basis in formula_7 and, correspondingly, vectors formula_8, which form an orthonormal basis in formula_9, with the coefficients formula_10 being real and positive, formula_11. This is called the Schmidt decomposition (SD) of a state. The summation can go up to formula_12, the lowest of the two Hilbert spaces. The Schmidt rank of a bipartite split is given by the number of non-zero Schmidt coefficients. If the Schmidt rank is one, the split is characterized by a product state. The vectors of the SD are determined up to a phase and the eigenvalues and the Schmidt rank are unique.
For example, the two-qubit state:
has the following SD:
with
On the other hand, the state:
is a product state:
Building the decomposition of state.
At this point we probably know enough to try to see how we explicitly build the decomposition (let's call it "D").
Consider the bipartite splitting formula_18.
By expanding the formula_19's in the local basis, one can write:
The process can be decomposed in three steps, iterated for each bond (and, correspondingly, SD) in the chain:
Step 1: express the formula_21's in a local basis for qubit 2:
The vectors formula_23 are not necessarily normalized.
Step 2: write each vector formula_24 Schmidt vectors formula_25 and, correspondingly, coefficients formula_26
The Schmidt eigenvectors are simply:
and
Rationale.
Now, looking at "D", instead of formula_29 initial terms, there are formula_30. Apparently this is just a fancy way of rewriting the coefficients formula_31, but in fact there is more to it than that. Assuming that "N" is even, the Schmidt rank formula_32 for a bipartite cut in the middle of the chain can have a maximal value of formula_33; in this case we end up with at least formula_34 coefficients, considering only the formula_35 ones, slightly more than the initial formula_29! The truth is that the decomposition "D" is useful when dealing with systems that exhibit a low degree of entanglement, which fortunately is the case with many 1D systems, where the Schmidt coefficients of the ground state decay in an exponential manner with formula_37:
The numerical simulation.
The numerical simulation is targeting (possibly time-dependent) Hamiltonians of a system of formula_44 particles, which are composed of arbitrary OQGs and TQGs:
It is useful to decompose formula_46 as a sum of two possibly non-commuting terms, formula_47, where
Any two-body terms commute: formula_50
This is done to make the Suzuki-Trotter expansion (ST) of the exponential operator.
The Suzuki-Trotter expansion.
The Suzuki-Trotter expansion of the first order (ST1) represents a general way of writing exponential operators:
or, equivalently
Our goal is to make the time evolution of a state formula_54 for a time T, towards the state formula_55 using the n-particle Hamiltonian formula_46.
It is rather troublesome, if at all possible, to construct the decomposition formula_53 for an arbitrary n-particle state, since this would mean one has to compute the Schmidt decomposition at each bond, to arrange the Schmidt eigenvalues in decreasing order and to choose the first formula_58 and the appropriate Schmidt eigenvectors. Mind this would imply diagonalizing somewhat generous reduced density matrices, which, depending on the system one has to simulate, might be a task beyond our reach and patience.
Instead, one can try to do the following:
i) construct the decomposition formula_53 for a simple initial state, let us say, some product state formula_60, for which the decomposition is straightforward.
ii) relate formula_54 to the ground state formula_62 of a Hamiltonian formula_63 by a sufficiently local transformation Q (one that can be expressed as a product of TQGs, for example) formula_64
iii) make an imaginary-time evolution towards the ground state of the Hamiltonian formula_63, formula_62 according to:
or, alternatively, simulate an isentropic evolution using a time-dependent Hamiltonian, which interpolates between the Hamiltonian formula_68, which has the product state formula_60 as its ground state, and the Hamiltonian formula_63; the evolution must be done slow enough, such that the system is always in the ground state or, at least, very close to it.
iv)finally, make the time-evolution of the state formula_54 towards formula_55 using the Hamiltonian formula_46:
Error sources.
The errors in the simulation are resulting from the Suzuki-Trotter approximation and the involved truncation of the Hilbert space.
Errors coming from the Suzuki-Trotter expansion.
In the case of a Trotter approximation of formula_75 order, the error is of order formula_76. Taking into account formula_77 steps, the error after the time T is:
The unapproximated state formula_79 is:
where formula_81 is the state kept after the Trotter expansion and formula_82 accounts for the part that is neglected when doing the expansion.
The total error scales with time formula_83 as:
One should notice that the Trotter error is independent of the dimension of the chain.
Errors coming from the truncation of the Hilbert space.
Considering the errors arising from the truncation of the Hilbert space comprised in the decomposition "D", they are twofold.
First, as we have seen above, the smallest contributions to the Schmidt spectrum are left away, the state being faithfully represented up to:
where formula_86 is the sum of all the discarded eigenvalues of the reduced density matrix, at the bond formula_87.
The state formula_88 is, at a given bond formula_87, described by the Schmidt decomposition:
where
is the state formed by the eigenfunctions corresponding to the smallest, irrelevant Schmidt coefficients, which are neglected.
Now, formula_92 because they are spanned by vectors corresponding to orthogonal spaces. Using the same argument as for the Trotter expansion, the error after the truncation is:
After moving to the next bond, the state is, similarly:
The error, after the second truncation, is:
and so on, as we move from bond to bond.
The second error source enfolded in the decomposition formula_53 is more subtle and requires a little bit of calculation.
As we calculated before, the normalization constant after making the truncation at bond formula_97 formula_98 is:
where formula_100.
Taking into account the truncated space, the norm is:
Taking the difference, formula_102, we get:
Hence, when constructing the reduced density matrix, the trace of the matrix is multiplied by the factor:
The total truncation error.
The total truncation error, considering both sources, is upper bounded by:
When using the Trotter expansion, we do not move from bond to bond, but between bonds of same parity; moreover, for the ST2, we make a sweep of the even ones and two for the odd. But nevertheless, the calculation presented above still holds. The error is evaluated by successively multiplying with the normalization constant, each time we build the reduced density matrix and select its relevant eigenvalues.
"Adaptive" Schmidt dimension.
One thing that can save a lot of computational time without loss of accuracy is to use a different Schmidt dimension for each bond instead of a fixed one for all bonds, keeping only the necessary amount of relevant coefficients, as usual. For example, taking the first bond, in the case of qubits, the Schmidt dimension is just two. Hence, at the first bond, instead of futilely diagonalizing, let us say, 10 by 10 or 20 by 20 matrices, we can just restrict ourselves to ordinary 2 by 2 ones, thus making the algorithm generally faster. What we can do instead is set a threshold for the eigenvalues of the SD, keeping only those that are above the threshold.
TEBD also offers the possibility of straightforward parallelization due to the factorization of the exponential time-evolution operator using the Suzuki-Trotter expansion. A parallel-TEBD has the same mathematics as its non-parallelized counterpart, the only difference is in the numerical implementation.

</doc>
<doc id="5978618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978618" title="Elżbieta Zawacka">
Elżbieta Zawacka

Elżbieta Zawacka (; 19 March 1909 – 10 January 2009), known also by her war-time nom de guerre Zo, was a Polish university professor, scouting instructor, SOE agent and a freedom fighter during World War II. She was also a Brigadier General of the Polish Army (the second and last woman in the history of the Polish Army to hold this rank), promoted by President Lech Kaczyński on May 3, 2006. The only woman among the "Cichociemni", she served as a courier for the Home Army, carrying letters and other documents from Nazi-occupied Poland to the Polish government in exile and back. Her regular route ran from Warsaw through Berlin and Sweden to London. She was also responsible for organizing routes for other couriers of the Home Army.
Biography.
Zawacka was born in Toruń (Thorn), part of the Prussian Partition of Poland, and graduated from University of Poznań with a major in mathematics. In the late 1930s she worked as a teacher at several high schools, simultaneously working as an instructor for the paramilitary organization Przysposobienie Wojskowe Kobiet (Female Military Training). During the Polish September Campaign, she was the commandant of the Silesian District of Przysposobienie Wojskowe Kobiet, participating in the defence of Lwów.
In October 1939 she joined the Silesian branch of Związek Walki Zbrojnej under the nom de guerre ""Zelma"", which later was changed to "Zo". In late 1940 she was moved to Warsaw and began her courier trips. She was also a deputy of Zagroda — the Department of Foreign Communication of the Home Army. In February 1943 she traveled across Germany, France and Spain to Gibraltar, where she was transported by air to London. In Great Britain she went through parachute training, and on 10 September 1943, dropped into Poland, as the only woman in the history of the "Cichociemni".
In 1944 Zawacka fought in the Warsaw Uprising and after its collapse moved to Kraków, where she continued her underground activities. In 1945 she joined the anti-Communist organization Freedom and Independence (WiN), but quit soon afterwards and took up a teaching job.
In 1951 she was arrested and tortured by Urząd Bezpieczeństwa (Security Service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs). She was sentenced to 10 years in prison for treason and espionage, but her sentence was shortened and she was released in 1955. After her release from prison, she earned a doctorate degree from Gdańsk University. She was a tenured professor at the Institute of Pedagogy at Mikołaj Kopernik University in Toruń where she established the department of Andragogy. She retired from teaching in 1978 after Służba Bezpieczeństwa closed the department. She was an active member of the World Union of Home Army Soldiers and cooperated with Solidarność in the 1980s.
Decorations.
Decorations awarded to Elżbieta Zawacka include:

</doc>
<doc id="5978620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978620" title="Evarcha culicivora">
Evarcha culicivora

Evarcha culicivora is a species of jumping spider from Kenya. It is also known as the Vampire Spider.
It feeds mainly on the mosquito species "Anopheles gambiae", the main vector of malaria in the region.
It is the only known animal that selects its prey based on what the latter has eaten. Although jumping spiders are known to rely on their excellent vision, it was shown that this species selects blood-filled mosquitos more often than unfed ones, even more so when only relying on smell (90%, as opposed to 83%): when it came to making a choice based on smell alone, with the two meal options hidden from view, around 90 percent of "E. culicivora" selected the blood-filled mosquito. However, it seems to select its preferred species by its resting posture, as different kinds of mosquitoes sit in different angles. This has been shown with 3D-animations of different resting postures.
In 2009 it was found that feeding on blood-filled mosquitos changes the smell of "E. culicivora", leading specimens to find potential mates more attractive after a blood meal
The species is only known around Kenya or Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="5978637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978637" title="Terence Walker">
Terence Walker

Terence William Walker (born October 1935) is a British Labour Party politician.
Walker was Member of Parliament for Kingswood from 1974 to 1979, when he lost the seat to the Conservative Jack Aspinwall by 303 votes (0.6%).
He became a member of Avon County Council in 1981 until its abolition in 1996. Since then, he has been a member of South Gloucestershire Council. He has also since then been Chairman of the Avon Fire Authority.
As of 3 May 2007, his daughter in law Julie Walker is also a South Gloucestershire councillor, both representing the same ward.

</doc>
<doc id="5978642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978642" title="LSU Tigers baseball">
LSU Tigers baseball

The LSU Tigers baseball team represents Louisiana State University in NCAA Division I college baseball. The program participates in the West Division of the Southeastern Conference. It is considered one of the elite programs in the nation, having made 16 College World Series appearances and won 6 national championships (1991, 1993, 1996, 1997, 2000, and 2009). The Tigers play home games on LSU's campus at Alex Box Stadium/Skip Bertman Field, and they are currently coached by Paul Mainieri.
History.
The early years.
During the program's first thirty seasons, LSU had a total of 15 head coaches. No coach's tenure lasted longer than two seasons, with the exception of C.C. Stroud, who was head coach for eight seasons. Stroud coached LSU from 1914–1921 and had an overall record of 73–58–5 (.595). The program won at least ten games during four of his eight seasons as head coach.
In 1927, Harry Rabenhorst became head coach. He would become the longest tenured coach in LSU's history. During the 1930s, Alex Box, who would later become the namesake of LSU's stadium, played for the program.
Harry Rabenhorst era.
Harry Rabenhorst began his career at LSU in 1925 as the head coach of the men's basketball team. Two years later, in 1927, he also became the head baseball coach. Along with his success in basketball, which included a 1935 mythical national championship and an appearance in the 1953 Final Four, he won two SEC baseball titles (1939 & 1946). He was named SEC Coach of the Year in 1939 and 1946, as well. Rabenhorst coached the baseball team from 1927 until 1942 when he left to fight in World War II. When he returned, he again coached the baseball team from 1946 until 1956. He finished his baseball coaching career with a record of 220–226–3. Later, as an athletic department administrator, he became the school's athletic director in 1967.
Skip Bertman era.
After playing college baseball at Miami (FL), coaching high school baseball, and serving as an assistant at Miami, Skip Bertman became LSU's head coach for the start of the 1984 season.
In Bertman's second season, 1985, the Tigers qualified for postseason play for the first time in ten years. In his third season, LSU made its first appearance in the College World Series in Omaha, Nebraska, the first of 11 appearances during Bertman's eighteen-year career. LSU returned to Omaha during the 1987 season, then failed to make the NCAA Tournament in 1988, despite having a 39–21 record.
Bertman's 1989 team returned to the postseason, an appearance that started a streak of 17 consecutive postseason appearances. The 1989 team defeated Texas A&M in a regional final to qualify for the College World Series. The program also made the College World Series in 1990.
1991 national championship.
The program won its first national championship in 1991, defeating Wichita State in the College World Series final.
1993 national championship.
The program won its second national championship in 1993, again defeating Wichita State in the College World Series final.
1996 national championship.
In 1996, the Tigers entered the NCAA Tournament on a two-game losing streak, after being eliminated from the SEC Tournament by consecutive losses to Florida and Kentucky. However, based on the team's regular season performance, LSU was selected as one of the eight regional host sites for the NCAA tournament. The Tigers defeated Austin Peay, UNLV, and New Orleans before defeating Georgia Tech, 29-13, in the regional final. In the game, LSU broke multiple NCAA records, two of which still stand today: 13 hits in an inning and 8 doubles in an inning.
In the College World Series, the team defeated its first opponent, Wichita State, 9–8. LSU then faced Florida, which had beaten them three times in the regular season and once in the SEC Tournament, and won, 9-4. Florida came out of the losers' bracket to face LSU again, and LSU won, 2–1, to advance to the national championship game against Miami (FL).
In the game, LSU defeated Miami, 9–8, on a walk-off home run by Warren Morris. In the bottom of the 9th inning with two outs and the tying run on third base, Morris hit a home run to right field off of Miami freshman Robbie Morrison. The home run was Morris's first of the season, and it won the 1997 Showstopper of the Year ESPY Award.
1997 national championship.
LSU entered the 1997 season attempting to become the first team to win consecutive national championships since Stanford won championships in 1987 and 1988. The Tigers began the season with 19 consecutive wins, giving them 27 straight wins starting with the 1996 regional.
The team's lineup was led by shortstop Brandon Larson, a junior college transfer who set the LSU and SEC single-season record for home runs with 40, one less than the national leader, Rice's Lance Berkman. LSU finished the season with 188 home runs, breaking the old record of 161 set by Brigham Young in 1988.
In its final regular season series, the team played Alabama for the SEC championship. The Tigers lost the second game 28–2 to Alabama, the worst loss in the program's history. The Tigers recovered the next day to win 6–4, winning the SEC title by one game over Alabama. In the SEC Tournament, LSU lost to Alabama in the championship game, 12–2.
In the South I Regional, LSU lost the winner's bracket final to South Alabama, meaning the team had to win three games within 24 hours in order to advance to the College World Series. The Tigers won a five-hour game against Long Beach State, 14–7 in 11 innings, in which Bertman was ejected in the eighth inning for arguing a balk call. LSU then defeated South Alabama 14–4 and 15–4 to advance to the World Series.
There, the Tigers narrowly defeated Rice, but Larson's home run in the bottom of the seventh gave LSU a 5–4 victory. The Tigers then defeated Stanford, 10–5 and 13–9, before defeating Alabama 13–6 in the championship game.
1998 season.
In 1998, LSU hit 161 home runs. Eddy Furniss won the Dick Howser Trophy as the nation's most outstanding player and finished as the LSU and SEC all-time leader in home runs (80), RBI (308), hits (352), doubles (87) and total bases (689). Brad Cresse and Trey McClure also earned All-America honors by hitting 29 and 27 home runs, respectively.
The Tigers went undefeated in the South II Regional to reach the College World Series, seeking to become the first team to win three consecutive championships since USC won five consecutive from 1970–1974. LSU hit eight home runs in its first game in Omaha, defeating USC, 12–10, then hit six more in a 10–8 victory over SEC team Mississippi State. However, in the final two games, and the Tigers lost 5–4 and 7–3 to USC, which went on to win the championship with a 21–14 victory over Arizona State.
2000 national championship.
In 2000, LSU's regular season record was 39–17, and the team went undefeated in the SEC Tournament to earn the #2 National seed in the NCAA Tournament. LSU won the Baton Rouge Regional in three games, outscoring opponents 45–4. LSU then swept a best-of-three Super Regional against UCLA, winning 8–2 and 14–8.
LSU began play at the College World Series with a 13-5 win over Texas. In game two, LSU defeated USC, 10-4. In a close third game, LSU defeated Florida State, 6–3, and advanced to the championship game to face Stanford.
In game one on June 17, Stanford held an early 5–2 lead, LSU scored three runs in the eighth inning with two home runs. LSU reliever Trey Hodges did not allow a run in the top of the ninth, his fourth scoreless inning of the game. In the bottom of the ninth, LSU lead the inning off with a single and a walk to bring Brad Cresse to the plate with two runners on base. Cresse, who was 1–12 in the CWS prior to the at bat, hit a line drive single into left field to score Ryan Theriot from second, giving LSU its fifth national championship in 10 years. LSU had 5 players named to the All-Tournament team– Blair Barbier, Mike Fontenot, Brad Hawpe, Hodges, and Theriot. Hodges was named the Tournament's Most Outstanding Player after finishing the CWS with a 2–0 record and one save.
LSU finished the 2000 postseason with a 13–0 record and moved to 5–0 all time in national championship games.
Retirement.
Skip Bertman led the Tigers to a 44–22–1 mark during his final season as head coach in 2001. The Tigers won the West Division, reached the SEC Tournament championship game, and won the Baton Rouge Regional, but lost in three games in a Super Regional against Tulane at Zephyr Field.
Bertman won 870 games, seven SEC titles, and 11 CWS appearances. His teams averaged 48 wins per year and qualified for the NCAA Tournament in 16 of his 18 seasons.
His jersey number, 15, is one of four numbers retired by LSU. LSU also renamed a part of South Stadium Drive, between Nicholson and River Road, Skip Bertman Drive in his honor. The renamed portion runs past the old Alex Box Stadium, which has now been demolished following the opening of LSU's new stadium in 2009, the field of which is named for Bertman.
In a "Baseball America" poll published in 1999, Bertman was voted the second greatest college baseball coach of the 20th century, behind Rod Dedeaux of Southern California.
In June 2002, Bertman was inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame. He was inducted into the American Baseball Coaches Association Hall of Fame in January 2003. In 2006, Skip Bertman was inducted into the inaugural class of the College Baseball Hall of Fame in Lubbock, TX.
After the end of the 2001 season, Bertman became LSU's athletic director. During his tenure, LSU won six total national championships and two BCS National Titles. Bertman served in the position until June 2008, and as Athletic Director Emeritus until June 2010.
Post Skip Bertman.
In anticipation of Bertman's retirement, Louisiana-Monroe coach Smoke Laval was brought on as an administrative assistant for the LSU baseball team in 2001 and succeeded Bertman as coach in 2002. Laval was returning to LSU where he served as an assistant coach under Bertman from 1984–1993. In 1993, Laval left LSU for ULM (then known as Northeast Louisiana). While at NLU/ULM, Laval posted a record of 241–159, a winning percentage of .603, and led the Indians (Now Warhawks) to 3 NCAA regional appearances.
The Smoke Laval era.
The expectations were lofty for Laval when he accepted the job as head coach at LSU. In his first year, Laval led the Tigers to a 44–22 record overall. The Tigers hosted a regional in Baton Rouge, which they won, and moved on to the Houston Super-Regional to face Rice, where their season ended. His first year at the helm raised expectations even more after he experienced great success.
In 2003 and 2004, Laval would lead the Tigers to 45–22–1 and 46–19 overall record respectively. LSU would earn the No. 2 national seed in the 2003 tournament, and would host a super regional both years, meaning the road to Omaha went through Baton Rouge. LSU made the College World Series both years, but disappointed both years, posting an 0–2 record each year. Tiger fans were not used to leaving Omaha without a win, so questions about Laval's leadership and ability to continue the success of the program began to arise.
In 2005, LSU struggled during the regular season despite a 40–22 record overall. The Tigers lost 12 games in SEC play and lost to Southern for only the second time in 41 tries. Rice would go on to defeat the Tigers in the Baton Rouge Regional Finals.
It was obvious that 2006 would be a critical year for Laval. However, that year would see LSU post a 35–24 mark overall, their worst since 1983. They also posted their first losing SEC record in 23 years and would miss the NCAA tournament for the first time in 18 years. Under growing pressure from fans and the administration, Laval officially resigned on June 4, 2006.
The Paul Mainieri era.
On June 28, 2006, Paul Mainieri was named the twenty-fifth head coach of LSU Baseball. Mainieri returned Baton Rouge, where he began his career in college baseball 30 years earlier as a freshman at LSU in 1976. Mainieri finished his collegiate playing career at the University of New Orleans. Prior to his arrival at LSU, Mainieri coached St. Thomas University in Florida, Air Force, and Notre Dame.
In his first season at LSU, the Tigers posted a mark of 29–26–1. The season was full of ups and downs, with the Tigers winning four SEC series against Top 25 opponents, but struggling in non-conference play. After the season, Mainieri realized changes had to be made and informed certain players that they should consider other options, as well as making some changes to his current staff. Mainieri was able to put together a tremendous recruiting class following the 2007 season, which was later ranked No. 1 by "Baseball News".
In his second year, LSU was predicted to finish fifth in the SEC Western division by the SEC baseball coaches before the year started. Following an amazing turnaround, Coach Mainieri led LSU to the SEC Western Division championship with a conference record of 18–11–1, and the No. 2 seed in the 2008 SEC Baseball Tournament. The Tigers finished the regular season record at 39–16–1. The team won the 2008 SEC Tournament (held May 20–25 in Hoover, Alabama). With the win, LSU won 20 consecutive games, breaking the previous school record of 19 consecutive wins during the 1997 season and tying the SEC's second-longest streak of wins. Fourteen of those wins were come-from-behind wins, while the last fifteen were made wearing the distinctive gold jerseys.
By winning the SEC Tournament, LSU earned a 7th national seed in the NCAA tournament and extended the life of the old Alex Box Stadium as Baton Rouge hosted a regional bracket of the NCAA tournament. LSU swept the series, defeating Texas Southern (12–1) and Southern Miss (twice, 13–4 and 11–4) to win the regional bracket. With the sweep of the Regional series, LSU extended their winning streak to a SEC-record 23 straight games.
As a result of the Regional, LSU and Baton Rouge earned a spot in the Super-Regional series, hosting UC-Irvine in the last three games to be played in the old Alex Box Stadium. LSU lost the first game, 11–5, ending their streak of wins at 23. LSU recovered in the second game of the series, scoring six runs in the top of the ninth inning to force a third game with a dramatic come-from-behind win, 9–7. On Monday, June 9, 2008, in the final game to be played at the Alex Box Stadium, with a record-setting crowd of 8,173 watching, LSU dominated UC-Irvine with a 21–7 win to move to the 2008 College World Series.
In the 2008 College World Series, No. 7 LSU faced the No. 2 North Carolina Tarheels in the first round, losing 8–4. The Tigers, facing elimination in a game against the Rice Owls, won in dramatic fashion, 6–5, continuing their string of come-from-behind victories. On June 20, 2008 after a rain delay of nearly 24 hours, UNC and LSU resumed their elimination game matchup, resulting in a 7–3 loss for LSU. The team was defeated after giving up the only grand slam in the 2008 CWS in the top of the ninth inning. During the 2008 regular and post-regulation baseball season, LSU's games have continuously featured both dramatic victories and controversial calls.
2009 National championship.
LSU traveled to Omaha after sweeping Southern University, Baylor University and the University of Minnesota in the regionals and Rice University in the super regionals. They started play at the College World Series and faced the Virginia Cavaliers in the first round, winning 9–5. In the winner's bracket game, LSU played the Arkansas Razorbacks and won by a score of 9–1. In a rematch, the Tigers beat the Razorbacks again by a score of 14–5, advancing to the CWS finals for the first time since 2000. They played against the Texas Longhorns in a best-of-three series for the title, and won Game 1, 7–6 in a dramatic comeback win in 11 innings. The Longhorns beat the Tigers in Game 2, 5–1, to force a third and final game. The Tigers out-slugged the Longhorns 11–4 in Game 3 to win their 6th National Championship and first since 2000. The series MVP was outfielder Jared Mitchell.
Stadiums.
Alex Box Stadium/Skip Bertman Field.
Alex Box Stadium/Skip Bertman Field is a baseball stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. It is the home stadium of the Louisiana State University Tigers college baseball team. The stadium section (and LSU's previous baseball stadium 200 yards to the north) were named for Simeon Alex Box, an LSU letterman (1942), purple heart and distinguished service cross recipient, who was killed in North Africa during World War II. In 2013, the field was named in honor of former LSU head baseball coach and athletic director, Skip Bertman.
Alex Box Stadium.
Alex Box Stadium was a baseball stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. It was the home field of the Louisiana State University Tigers college baseball team. It was most notable for "The Intimidator", a large billboard behind the right-field fence featuring the six years in which LSU had won the College World Series while playing in the stadium. The field was also notable for giving up many home runs due to the high humidity of Louisiana, the prevailing winds out of the south which push balls hit to left field out of the park, and the short fences (the dimensions are believed to be anywhere from 7–10 feet shorter than what was posted on the fences).
Practice and training facilities.
LSU Indoor Batting Cages.
The LSU Indoor Batting Cages are located in Alex Box Stadium/Skip Bertman Field behind the right field wall. The facility allows the Tigers baseball team to practice year-round without interference from inclement weather.
LSU Baseball Strength and Conditioning facility.
The LSU Tigers baseball team weight room is over 10,000 square feet and has over 30,000 pounds of weights and equipment. It includes 16 multi-purpose platform, bench, incline, squat and Olympic lifting stations along with 12 dumbbell bench stations. It is also equipped with medicine balls, hurdles, plyometric boxes and assorted speed and agility equipment. The weight room also features 2 treadmills, 4 stationary bikes and 2 elliptical cross trainers in addition to medicine balls, hurdles, plyometric boxes and assorted speed and agility equipment. The floor is a flat, stable surface for the athletes to lift without worrying about raised platforms. The weight room is also outfitted with 2 - 58' inch flat screen plasmas, 2 - 40 inch LCD flat screen monitors and 5 televisions for multimedia presentations during lifting groups. It is located in the LSU Football Operations Center.
Year-by-year results.
"*Through the end of the 2013 season."<br>
"*Final Rankings are from Collegiate Baseball Division I Final Polls (1959–2013)"
Player awards.
1st Team All-Americans.
The following is a listing of the selections listed in the 2013 LSU Baseball Media Guide on LSUsports.net.
National Freshmen of the year.
The following is a listing of LSU players selected as national freshmen of the year.
All-College World Series.
The following is a listing of LSU players that were selected to the all-tournament teams during the College World Series.
Legend

</doc>
<doc id="5978650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978650" title="CUFC">
CUFC

CUFC may refer to one of the following association football clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="5978653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978653" title="The Money Channel">
The Money Channel

The Money Channel is the second TV channel of Realitatea Media media group, owned by Sorin-Ovidiu Vântu. The first TV channel of the media group is Realitatea TV, the first Romanian news channel.
The Money Channel is the first business TV channel in Romania. It broadcasts information about the Stock Exchange in Romania, and also news, mainly economic, but also politics, weather and sport.

</doc>
<doc id="5978663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978663" title="USS Moose (IX-124)">
USS Moose (IX-124)

USS "Moose" (IX-124), an "Armadillo"-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the moose, a large ruminant animal of the deer family, found in Canada and the northern United States. Originally named "Mason L. Weems", she was renamed "Moose" 27 October 1943. Her keel was laid down on 1 November 1943 by Delta Shipbuilding Company in New Orleans, Louisiana (T. 2.ETI.S.C3). She was launched on 17 December 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Douglas E. Schultheiss, acquired by the Navy on a bareboat charter from the War Shipping Administration on 27 January 1944, and commissioned on 28 January 1944 with Lieutenant Gerald E. Spencer in command.
After shakedown, "Moose" departed Balboa, Panama Canal Zone, on 15 March 1944 for the South Pacific. Upon arrival New Caledonia in November, she reported to Commander, Southern Pacific, for duty as a mobile floating oil storage ship. From May to August 1945 "Moose" served as a fuel supply ship supporting the effort to end the war against Japan, calling at Ulithi, the Palau Islands, Leyte Gulf, Okinawa, and Kerama Retto, discharging her one-millionth barrel of fuel at Buckner Bay, Okinawa, on 21 August.
With the end of the war in the Pacific, "Moose" reported to the Atlantic Fleet at Norfolk, Virginia, on 4 February 1946. She decommissioned there 19 April 1946, was returned to the War Shipping Administration on 27 April 1946, and stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 8 May 1946. She entered the National Reserve Defense Fleet as "Mason L. Weems". In 1948 she was sold to Tramp Shipping & Oil Transportation Corporation for service as "Yankee Pioneer". Resold to Weyerhaeuser Steamship Company in 1951, the ship was renamed "Y. L. McCormick".

</doc>
<doc id="5978674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978674" title="Personal assistant">
Personal assistant

A personal assistant or personal aide (PA) is someone who assists in daily business or personal tasks. 
Duties and functions.
A businessperson may have a personal assistant to help with time and daily management, scheduling of meetings, correspondence, and note taking. There are also personal assistants who work specifically for disabled people, and whose salaries may be paid by an individual or by social services on an individual's behalf. The role of a personal assistant can be varied, such as answering phone calls, taking notes, scheduling meetings, etc.
In business or personal contexts, personal assistants are people who provide services that relieve his or her employer from tasks that are associated with managing one’s personal and/or business life. They assist with a variety of life management tasks, including running errands, arranging travel (e.g., travel agent services such as purchasing airline tickets, reserving hotel rooms and rental cars, and arranging activities, as well as handling more localized services such as recommending a different route to work based on road or travel conditions), finance (paying bills, buying and selling stocks), shopping (meal planning, remembering special occasions like birthdays and anniversaries and purchasing gifts) and fitness (exercise monitoring and motivation, as a personal trainer may do).
Personal assistants in business-related phenomena.
People who cannot afford to hire their own personal assistants to run errands or answer phone calls full-time can hire a personal concierge or a part-time assistant. Most companies offer secretarial personal assistance as well as basic assistant services like research, scheduling, travel arrangements, and more. Costs of a part-time employee can end up exceeding the amount it would have cost to hire a full-time employee. Other companies charge a flat monthly fee for personal assistant services based upon the number of requests expected to be placed each month. In addition to the personal assistant services that are provided with the membership, other incentives such as local discounts, concierge services, dining recommendations, and overall knowledge and expertise may even outperform the skills of a regular personal assistant staff member. Newer personal assistant companies instead charge a monthly flat rate, which saves money.
Smaller companies, especially start-up and real estate development companies, may desire the services of a personal assistant to manage an individual executive or to assist in the office as the new company goes about setting up their new business. These personal assistants may develop great skills at the birth of a new company and have opportunities for advancement. Other personal assistants will have garnered valuable knowledge and experience if they choose to move into other positions.
Career development.
Personal assistants in the business field can be offered positions elsewhere in the company. Some are asked to consider full-time positions elsewhere in the company, depending on the level of ambition and education required/desired. Some employers will not see the potential for a personal assistant immediately and thus the personal assistant will remain in that position until other positions become vacant.
In more recent years, the celebrity personal assistant has been thrust into the spotlight. Many celebrity assistants have used the celebrity's exposure to create their own companies, like Madonna's former assistant.

</doc>
<doc id="5978677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978677" title="Os Paralamas do Sucesso">
Os Paralamas do Sucesso

Os Paralamas do Sucesso (also known simply as Paralamas) is a Brazilian rock band, formed in Rio de Janeiro in the late 1970s. Its members since 1982 are Herbert Vianna (guitar and lead vocals), Bi Ribeiro (bass), and João Barone (drums). In its beginning, the band combined reggae and ska with rock, but later added horn arrangements and Latin rhythms. The Paralamas are considered one of the original "Big Four" bands of 1980s Brazilian rock, along with Barão Vermelho, Legião Urbana, and Titãs.
History.
1977-1983: Beginnings.
Although considered part of the "Brasília gang", because they lived there and were friends with local bands, Paralamas' proper birthplace was Rio de Janeiro. Herbert Vianna and Felipe "Bi" Ribeiro were childhood friends and neighbors in that city. Herbert's father was in the military, while Bi's was a diplomat. In 1977, Herbert went to Rio to attend military school, and met Bi once again. They decided to form a band, Herbert with his Gibson guitar and Bi, which had no musical training whatsoever, with a bass guitar bought during a trip to England. The drummer Vital Dias would later join them. They parted ways in 1979, around the time all of them were busy studying for their vestibular tests, but resumed their musical activity in 1981.
The trio rehearsed in the house of Bi's grandmother (which provided inspiration for the song "Vovó Ondina é Gente Fina", or "Grandma Ondina is Really Cool") and in a farm in Mendes, and performed in small venues. Their setlist was not quite serious (with songs like "Pingüins, Já Não Os Vejo Pois Não Está na Estação", or "I No Longer See Penguins, Because They're Out of Season"), and they tried to create a name for the band in the same spirit, with the first option being "As Cadeirinhas da Vovó", or "Grandma's Little Chairs". The name "Paralamas do Sucesso" (meaning "Mudflaps of Success") was coined by Bi, and adopted because all three of them thought it was really funny. In the beginning, Herbert was only the guitar player, and the group had two lead singers, Ronel e Naldo, both of whom departed in 1982.
In 1982, Vital missed a gig at the Universidade Federal Rural do Rio de Janeiro and was replaced by João Barone, which became the drummer after he decided to leave the band. Vital would later inspire the demo song "Vital e sua Moto", which the band sent to FM station Rádio Fluminense, which was the first to broadcast many bands that would eventually achieve national recognition in Brazil. The song received substantial airplay in the summer of 1983, and the Paralamas made their first major appearance opening for Lulu Santos, another popular singer of their generation, in the Circo Voador. It was around that time which they signed a deal with EMI Brasil, recording their first album "Cinema Mudo" (later defined by Herbert as "manipulated by the record company people"), and achieving moderate success.
1984-1990: Breakthrough.
In 1984, they released their second album, "O Passo do Lui". It spanned the hits "Óculos", "Me Liga", "Meu Erro", "Romance Ideal", and "Ska", leading the band to perform at the first edition of Rock in Rio, in which Paralamas' concert was considered one of the best.
After a national tour, they released "Selvagem?" in 1986. The album opposed the "manipulation" of the band's first release from its cover (featuring Bi's younger brother in the middle of the woods wearing only a shirt around his waist) and incorporated a bold mixture of reggae, rock and African rhythms. Produced by Liminha (former bass player for Os Mutantes), it spanned the hits "Alagados", "A Novidade" (their first collaboration with Gilberto Gil, and the second track co-written with him), "Melô do Marinheiro", and "Você" (a cover version of Tim Maia), and sold over 700,000 copies, accrediting the Paralamas to play in the Montreux Jazz Festival in the following year.
In 1987, the band released their first live album, "D", recorded from their performance in Montreux. The album first featured a band's constant collaborator, keyboard player João Fera, which still tours with the band as a sideman nowadays. After Montreux, Paralamas also played in L'Olympia and toured through South America, becoming popular in Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, and Venezuela.
Their fourth studio album, "Bora-Bora", was released in 1988. It introduced the usage of piano, horns and samplers by the band. The album has both social-political focused songs such as "O Beco" and more introspective tracks, such as "Quase Um Segundo" (perhaps a reflection of the end of Vianna's relationship with Paula Toller, the lead singer of Kid Abelha). "Bora-Bora" is the first of several attempts of the band in self-producing their recordings. "Big Bang", released in the following year, continued in the same vein, with cheerful songs with a deep critical social messages, like "Perplexo", and poetical/lyrical ones such as "Lanterna dos Afogados". 
In 1990, the Paralamas released their first compilation, "Arquivo", which featured a new version of "Vital e Sua Moto", titled "Vital 1990", and an unreleased song, "Caleidoscópio" (originally recorded by Dulce Quental of the all-female band Sempre Livre), that got massive radio play.
1991-1994: Success in Argentina only.
The band would dedicate the first half of the 1990s to experimentation. The sixth studio album, "Os Grãos", was released in 1991. It contained keyboard-driven songs of minor popular appeal, achieving a low sales record for the band, although it spanned two successful hits: "Trac-Trac", a Portuguese version of a Fito Páez song, and "Tendo a Lua". Its failure, however, can also be attributed to the deep economic crisis Brazil went through during the Fernando Collor administration.
After a small break, in which Vianna released his first solo album, the trio returned to live performances, which were sold out, although the band was under heavy criticism from the press. On late 1993, Herbert, Bi and Barone spent three months in London, where they recorded "Severino", produced by Phil Manzanera. Released in 1994, the album featured Brian May in the song "El Vampiro Bajo El Sol". It was even more experimental than the band's last release, with over elaborated arrangements, being completely ignored by radio stations and the general public, selling only 55,000 copies, an all time low for Paralamas.
But as they were becoming oblivious in their native Brazil they were also gaining huge popularity in Argentina. In 1992, their compilation "Paralamas", released in the Hispanic American countries, and featuring Spanish language versions of their hits, was a huge hit in the neighboring country. They became each time more requested for live performances, due to the great success of "Dos Margaritas", their following release in the Hispanic market (a Spanish version of "Severino").
1995-2000: Back to the hit parades.
Despite the low sales figures for the album, "Severino"'s tour was a huge success among the public. A series of three performances, recorded on late 1994, was released in the next year as the band's second live album, "Vamo Batê Lata". It was accompanied by an EP featuring four unreleased tracks: "Uma Brasileira" (a collaboration of Herbert with Djavan), "Saber Amar", "Esta Tarde", and the controversial "Luís Inácio (300 Picaretas)", which drew the spotlight back to the band after it was banished from the Federal District. The song was a reference to a declaration by former Brazilian president, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, at the time a Federal Deputy, that the National Congress was formed by some honored men and 300 quacks. The return to easily understandable songs and the pop genre definitely helped the band's comeback to commercial and critical acclaim, resulting in the best-selling album of their career, with almost a million copies sold.
It was also around that period in which the band invested in overtly produced music videos, which would lead them to win the MTV Video Music Brasil Awards eleven times from 1995 to 1999. Their first two awards came in 1995 with the video for "Uma Brasileira", which received the awards for the Best Pop Video and Viewer's Choice Award.
From there on, the Paralamas spanned a string of hits such as "Lourinha Bombril", "Busca Vida", "Ela Disse Adeus", and "O Amor não Sabe Esperar" (a collaboration with Marisa Monte and Dado Villa-Lobos). with their next two studio albums, 1996's "Nove Luas" and 1998's "Hey Na Na". "Nove Luas" sold 250,000 copies in a month, while "Hey Na Na" sold the equivalent to that in just a week.
In 1999, MTV Brasil invited the band to record the album "MTV Unplugged". Instead of making a revision of their career through the successes, they opted by a repertoire dominated by significant songs that had not received the due attention, such as "Bora Bora", "Vai Valer", and "Trem da Juventude". The Paralamas also made homages to Chico Science and Legião Urbana. Two new songs were featured: "Sincero Breu", and "Um Amor Um Lugar", originally recorded by Fernanda Abreu. The album sold more than 500,000 copies, won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Brazilian Rock Album, and spanned a sold-out tour.
The "Unplugged" tour was extended until the end of 2000, when the trio released their second compilation, "Arquivo II". It featured songs from all the band's albums (except "Severino"), a re-recording of "Mensagem de Amor" and the new track "Aonde Quer que Eu Vá", result of a partnership between Herbert Vianna and Paulo Sérgio Valle, which also spanned two hits by Ivete Sangalo.
At that time, Paralamas announced a six month vacation and a reformulation in the sound of the group, after almost two decades of career. The plans pointed to a new rock album.
2001-2006: An accident, not the end.
On February 4, 2001, tragedy strikes: Herbert and his wife suffer an accident with an ultralight plane in the Angra dos Reis Bay, Rio de Janeiro, when they were on the way to Dado Villa-Lobos's house. The fall killed Herbert's wife, Lucy Needham Vianna, and left him between life and death. There was a huge commotion in Brazil, as the entire country followed Herbert’s fight for survival in the hospital Copa D’Or, in Copacabana, Rio de Janeiro.
The musician later woke up from his coma, but Herbert found himself in a wheelchair, with difficulties in speaking and playing. Since then, Herbert has achieved great partial recovery, even if he has not yet fully recovered from nerve and brain damage. Despite all handicaps, his musical talent was not incapacitated and, in October 2002, he gradually started rehearsing with his band in his home studio. The result was very good and led to the recording of a new CD titled "Longo Caminho" (Long Way), with songs composed before the accident.
In 2005 they released "Hoje".
In 2009 they released "Brasil Afora", which was first available for digital download and soon after released on CD.
Influence on Brazilian Rock.
In the years of 1987–88, Afro-Bahian rhythms began to influence some of the main bands of Brazilian rock, notably Os Paralamas do Sucesso, creating a break with the original English-oriented, white rock that influenced national groups.
They were able to criticize foreign mainstream while they simultaneously created new opportunities for Brazilian rock and a more genuinely Brazilian-oriented music, much in the fashion of what Os Mutantes, Gilberto Gil, Caetano Veloso and Raul Seixas have done in the 60´s and 70´s. Movement toward the “black sound” also followed the explosion of funk, hip-hop, and rap internationally. But Os Paralamas are more remembered for their reggae-afrobrazilian-ska beats. Throughout its 30 years of existence, the band has kept a regular production of albums and hits, including a few polemic works, such as Alagados, Selvagem and Perplexo, with deep social contexts in their lyrics and the song "Luís Inácio (300 Picaretas)", which openly criticized the Brazilian Congress up to a point that it was censored by the government, in 1995. The band was able to overcome adversity after Herbert´s accident and stand firm in the Brazilian rock. In 2011, the band celebrated 25 years of releasing their most influential album, Selvagem? (1986) with special appearances around Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela. Also, in 2011, the song O Calibre (Longo Caminho-2002) was included in the most successful film in the history of Brazilian movies, Tropa de Elite 2. Herbert Vianna was included in the Brazilian Rolling Stone list of the most influential guitarists. Bi Ribeiro follows the same steps as one of the best bass players in Brazil. João Barone is frequently referred as one of the top Brazilian drummers, with several prizes in local musical pools. The band is about to begin their celebrations of 30 years on the road in 2012.
Line-up.
Since 1983 the line-up of the band consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="5978687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978687" title="The King's Christian School">
The King's Christian School

The King's Christian School is a private school located in Cherry Hill, New Jersey that serves students in grades Pre-K through 12. Not associated with any particular main-line Protestant denomination or church, King's is owned and operated by 'The Association of The King's Christian School,' a non-profit organization governed by a Board of Directors and made up of the parents and friends of the school.
Founded as the Christian Day School of Camden County, the school opened in 1946 at Immanuel Presbyterian Church in the West Collingswood section of Haddon Township, New Jersey.
The King's Christian School is approved under the authority of the New Jersey Department of Education and is accredited by the Association of Christian Schools International and by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools.
King's offers a fully integrated college preparatory curriculum with an evangelical Christian worldview and required Biblical education at all grade levels.
Athletics:
Kings athletics include, Basketball, baseball, track, and soccer.
Location.
King's is currently housed on a single campus for pre-kindergarten to 12th grade students at 5 Carnegie Plaza, Cherry Hill, New Jersey.
Former locations.
Former King's sites include 800 W. King's Highway, Haddon Heights, New Jersey, where the Christian Day School of Camden County met in an historic mansion beginning around 1951. A modern school built here in 1970 now houses the Brookfield Academy's elementary school.
In 1974, the school's Hainesport, New Jersey elementary school campus opened at Easton Union Church. This campus ceased operation in 1992.
In 1983, the new high school relocated to the Barclay School in the Barclay Farm neighborhood, Cherry Hill, New Jersey. The Cherry Hill Public School District now operates this site as the Barclay Early Childhood Center.
King's high school was temporarily housed at the Sacred Heart School, Mount Ephraim, New Jersey, between 1999 and 2003.
Other meeting sites have included: Fairview Community Baptist Church, Camden, New Jersey; Haddon Heights Baptist Church, Haddon Heights, New Jersey; Mt. Calvary Union Church, Runnemede, New Jersey; Orthodox Presbyterian Church, Bellmawr, New Jersey; Moorestown Public School, Moorestown, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="5978691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978691" title="This Is Not">
This Is Not

"This is Not" is a song by industrial metal band Static-X. It is the fifth track and second single from their album "Machine". The music video shows a live performance of the track with the album version played over it. The song was also featured on "Shaun Palmer's Pro Snowboarder". The video was directed by Atom Rothlein.

</doc>
<doc id="5978693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978693" title="Humber Valley Village">
Humber Valley Village

Humber Valley Village is a neighbourhood located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is within the former City of Etobicoke and is a relatively affluent community. The boundaries are from Dundas Street on the south to Islington Avenue to the west, Eglinton Avenue to the north, and the Humber River in the east. The neighbourhood is in the political riding of Etobicoke Centre.
Character.
This neighbourhood can be further broken down into smaller communities. The triangular quadrant north of Dundas from Islington to Royal York, but south of Reigate is known as Chestnut Hills. The area surrounding Edenbridge, on the west side of Royal York is known as Lincoln Woods. Finally, the northern corner of Islington and Eglinton is sometimes referred to as The Greens of St. George's. Sometimes streets in the neighbourhood become their own little community as well, for example people tend to connect to names like Valecrest, North Dr, Chestnut Hills, all of which are streets in this neighbourhood.
This neighbourhood is the wealthiest part of Etobicoke, and considered at par with the exclusive neighbourhoods that developed along Avenue Rd, and Yonge St, between Bloor and Highway 401. This wealth is evident in the schools. Catchment areas for schools such as Lambton-Kingsway, Humber Valley Village, Our Lady of Sorrows Elementary School, Etobicoke Collegiate Institute, and Richview Collegiate Institute are very defined. In some cases, those who do not live in the boundaries must apply with a lottery system to gain acceptance. There is also an independent elementary school, Kingsway College School, in the area, located on Dundas St.
History.
Although laid-out in farm lots by 1805, most of the lots were purchased by some of Etobicoke's early great land owners who lived elsewhere in the township leaving this part of the Humber Valley little developed with no homes along what became Royal York Road from Dundas north to Eglinton. The Iroquois shorline, remnant of the ancient Lake Iroquois, which forms an escarpment along Dundas in Etobicoke, turns far to the north in this area, cut away by the Humber River creating the Humber Valley. The western extension of St. Clair Avenue (now called Rathburn in Etobicoke) ran through the centre of the area and it was near this point the local developer Robert Home Smith built his home 'Edenbridge' (named after a village in southern England) overlooking the Humber Valley, at the turn of the century, after purchasing much of the surrounding land. To the west of Royal York another early resident, Frederick James, in 1908 developed his 'Red Gables' estate as a large landscaped park which, as the 'James Garden' landscaped park, remains today. While Robert Home Smith developed land in The Kingsway neighbourhood to the south, the new 'Edenbridge' area was resuveyed and subdivided for development by Smith's company more slowly as the 'Humber Valley Surveys'; construction starting in the mid 1930s and continuing after Smith's death in 1935, until the 1960s. This 30 year span produced many different styles of home as fashions changed, leading to a very different style of development than originally invisioned by Robert Home Smith. The designs include: Georgian, Colonial, Tudor, English Cottage, Cape Cod, ranch bungalows, split-level, contemporary and modernist [http://torontoneighbourhoods.net/regions/etobicoke/76_homes.html].
The neighbourhood was planned as a wealthy suburb like 'the Kingsway' to the south, which it has largely remained despite the later development of many apartments immediately to the west along an extended 'the Kingsway', north of Dundas to the west of Edenbridge, during Etobicoke's rapid urbanisation in the 1960s. The extension of St. Clair Avenue (Rathburn in Etobicoke) was redeveloped, in a similar style to the area in the west, as Anglesey; a winding street lined with apartments. Because Robert Home Smith had planned the, then slowly growing, area as a purely residential development, there are few institutions here. Rapid growth in Edenbridge and the higher density (north) Kingsway area to the west, necessitated the establishment of the Humber Valley Village public school, built in 1951, soon followed by the Humbertown Shopping Centre at Royal York and Dundas at the heart of 'Humber Valley Village'. The 1950s also saw the redevelopment of the Royal York and Dundas intersection as a highway style interchange, thought to be necessitated by urbanisation but now much criticised, which divided this neighbourhood from the older neighbourhoods to the south. Still mostly an exclusive and leafy neighbourhood, some recent high-density development is taking place along the short commercial stretch of Royal York in the south of the community across from the Humbertown Shopping Centre, such as the 'James Club' condominium, named after James Gardens.
Parks.
The defining element of this community would be the parks system. Not only are there five golf courses within one kilometre of every side of the borders, but huge networks of green space surround the Humber River. This connects to the Martin Goodman Trail, which follows Lake Ontario.
Transportation.
The Toronto Transit Commission operates buses along the main arteries of the neighbourhood. These include Royal York Rd, Islington Ave, Dundas St, Eglinton Ave, as well as Anglesey Blvd. These buses connect to Islington Station and Royal York Subway Stations.

</doc>
<doc id="5978710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978710" title="Toms Canyon impact crater">
Toms Canyon impact crater

The Toms Canyon impact crater is the site where one or more asteroids struck the Atlantic continental shelf, about east of Atlantic City, New Jersey. The submarine canyon is the drowned glacial-age mouth of Toms River. 
The crater dates to the late Eocene geological time period (about 35 million years ago), and may have been formed by the same event as the larger Chesapeake Bay impact crater and possibly the Popigai crater in Siberia, to the southwest at the mouth of Chesapeake Bay, and also dating to the late Eocene.
Seismic reflection profiles, studied by USGS scientists, show that the crater was formed by an object or objects which struck from the southwest at a glancing angle and formed a long, oval crater. Since impact, sediment filled part of the crater, giving it its present triangular shape.

</doc>
<doc id="5978717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978717" title="Humber Heights – Westmount">
Humber Heights – Westmount

Humber Heights-Westmount, also known as Humbervale, is a neighbourhood in Etobicoke, Toronto, Ontario. The neighbourhood is bounded by the west bank of the Humber River, west to Royal York Road and south to Eglinton Avenue West. The Humber Creek divides the area into the northern 'Westmount' (originally the Etobicoke side of York Township's Weston) and the southern 'Humbervale' centred along Scarlett Road and La Rose Avenue. As the area is just north of the Iroquois Shoreline (limit of the ancient Lake Iroquois) it is sometimes called Humber Heights.
Character.
The housing type varies from the 'mansions' of Yorkleigh Avenue and Westmount Park to the more modest; most are low-density single homes. A commercial stretch exists on La Rose Avenue including La Rose plaza which has many stores such as La Rose Bakery, La Rose Dollar Store, and Mel Rose Variety. La Rose Bakery is known among residents to serve excellent European food. Most of the children of the neighbourhood go to either Westmount Public School or All Saints Catholic School.
The major arterial roads of the neighbourhood are Royal York Road to the west, Scarlett Road, which travels north-west to south-east through the neighbourhood and Eglinton Avenue West running east-west to the south.
History.
Originally the Etobicoke side of York Township's community (later independent town) of Weston which began on the western (Etobicoke) side, the early community (now called Westmount) was centred around St Philip's Anglican Church at the top of Royal York Road, one of Etobicoke's first churches. Early settlers taking Rexdale Boulevard or Albion Road to Albion Township (now in Brampton) would pass through the area.
A very large amount of land comprising the majority of farms lots on both banks of the Humber River between Lambton and Weston were first purchased by the Scarlett family in the 19th century. The first Scarlett estate, 'Runnymede' near York Township's community of Lambton, was connected by an, originally private, road (now called Scarlett Road) to the three estates owned by his sons on the Etobicoke side; the street crossing the Humber River into Etobicoke near Eglinton Avenue (then called Richview Road, a small section with this name remains). As new families, many related to the Scaletts, purchased land in the area, the Etobicoke community of 'Humbervale' appeared in the late 19th century along Scarlett Road, parallel to the Humber River, from the Humber Creek in the north to where Scarlett Road crosses over the Humber River to the south (near Eglinton and La Rose Avenues).
Humbervale is best known as the site of Raymore Drive, a street washed out during Hurricane Hazel with the loss of many lives. Much low-density residential was built on former farmland as many immigrants from the former Soviet Union, especially Ukraine, settled in the rapidly urbanising Etobicoke during the 1960s. St Demetrius Byzantine Catholic church (1959) and school (1975) as well as a small commercial area were established on La Rose Avenue (parallel to and just north of the long undeveloped Eglinton Avenue) to serve the growing population. The original 1858 La Rose family farm house still stands on La Rose Avenue near Islington as well as a number of other historic buildings throughout the neighbourhood. A large collection of early photographs of Humbervale became one of the largest components of Etobicoke's 'History Room' when it was established in 1985 at Richview Library. Recent high-density development is now taking place along Eglinton Avenue such as the 'Royal York Grand' condominium.

</doc>
<doc id="5978725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978725" title="Johs Harviken">
Johs Harviken

Johs Harviken (born April 6, 1943) is a Norwegian former cross-country skier who competed during the early 1970s. He won two medals at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo with a silver in the 4 x 10km relay and a bronze in the 30km.

</doc>
<doc id="5978726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978726" title="The Great American Bash">
The Great American Bash

The Great American Bash was an annual summer professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the National Wrestling Alliance's (NWA) Jim Crockett Promotions, World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and then by World Wrestilng Entertainment. According to Ric Flair in his autobiography, "To Be the Man", Dusty Rhodes invented the concept of The Great American Bash.
After the final Great American Bash was held by WCW on June 11, 2000, the event would not be held again due to the acquisition of WCW by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE). After a four year hiatus, however, the event was revived by WWE in 2004 until 2009 (the name of the final event being abbreviated to "The Bash"), and was also used as the title for a special live edition of "SmackDown" in July 2012. WWE's production of The Great American Bash was the only former WCW pay-per-view event to be revived by WWE.
Dates and venues.
__NOTOC__
Results.
National Wrestling Alliance (Jim Crockett Promotions).
1985.
The Great American Bash (1985) took place on July 6, 1985 at the American Legion Memorial Stadium in Charlotte, North Carolina.
1986.
Jim Crockett Promotions used "The Great American Bash" as the name for a tour that had several PPV caliber shows around the country. In 1986, there were 13 Great American Bashes and NWA World Heavyweight Champion Ric Flair defended his title at each one against Ricky Morton, Road Warrior Hawk, Ron Garvin, Nikita Koloff, Robert Gibson, Road Warrior Animal, Magnum T.A., Wahoo McDaniel and Dusty Rhodes. Rhodes defeated him for the title at the July 26 Bash. Flair challenged for it on the last Bash on August 2. Nikita Koloff and Magnum T.A. were involved in a best of seven title match series throughout the Bash for the U.S. Title. The cities toured in 1986 were in order as follows: July 1 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, July 3 in Washington, D.C., July 4 in Memphis, Tennessee, July 5 in Charlotte, North Carolina, July 9 in Cincinnati, Ohio, July 10 in Roanoke, Virginia, July 12 in Jacksonville, Florida, July 18 in Richmond, Virginia, July 21 in Fayetteville, North Carolina, July 23 in Johnson City, Tennessee, July 25 in Norfolk, Virginia, July 26 in Greensboro, North Carolina and August 2 in Atlanta, Georgia.
July 5, 1986 in Charlotte, NC (Memorial Stadium)
July 26, 1986 in Greensboro, NC (Greensboro Coliseum)
1987.
This was the first use of the WarGames: The Match Beyond match conceived by Dusty Rhodes. Rhodes was on the winning side in both events along with the Road Warriors, Nikita Koloff and Paul Ellering. Koloff, Rhodes and J.J. Dillon sustained serious injuries in the first encounter. The Bash series took place in numerous venues all July long, starting in Landover, Maryland at the Capital Centre on July 2.
July 4, 1987 in Atlanta, GA (The Omni)
July 18, 1987 in Charlotte, NC (Memorial Stadium)
July 31, 1987 in Miami, Florida (Orange Bowl)
National Wrestling Alliance (World Championship Wrestling).
1990.
The Great American Bash (1990) took place on July 7, 1990 at the Baltimore Arena in Baltimore, Maryland.
World Championship Wrestling.
1991.
The Great American Bash (1991) took place on July 14, 1991 at the Baltimore Arena in Baltimore, Maryland.
The card was originally to be highlighted by a Steel cage match between Ric Flair and Lex Luger for the WCW World Championship, and this match was heavily promoted on WCW TV. However, two weeks before the show, then-WCW Executive Vice President Jim Herd fired Flair over a contract dispute, stripping him of the title in the process. At the time, champions left a $25,000 security deposit that would be refunded to them (along with any accumulated interest on the deposit) once they lost the title and Flair was expecting to get his back as he was no longer employed by WCW. The company did not give Flair back his deposit, and he took possession of the belt and later brought it to the World Wrestling Federation with him and appeared with it on television.
Meanwhile, WCW had to commission a new world championship belt. However, the new belt could not be readied in time for the event, so the company was forced to improvise. A Championship Wrestling from Florida title belt that was in the possession of Dusty Rhodes was used and a metal plate with "WCW World Heavyweight Champion" was attached to the front.
1992.
The Great American Bash (1992) took place on July 12, 1992 at the Albany Civic Center in Albany, Georgia.
1995.
The Great American Bash (1995) took place on June 18, 1995 at the Hara Arena in .
1996.
The Great American Bash (1996) took place on June 16, 1996 at the Baltimore Arena in Baltimore, Maryland.
1997.
The Great American Bash (1997) took place on June 15, 1997 at The MARK of the Quad Cities in Moline, Illinois.
1998.
The Great American Bash (1998) took place on June 14, 1998 at the Baltimore Arena in Baltimore, Maryland.
1999.
The Great American Bash (1999) took place on June 13, 1999 at the Baltimore Arena in Baltimore, Maryland.
2000.
The Great American Bash (2000) took place on June 11, 2000 at the Baltimore Arena in Baltimore, Maryland. It was the final Great American Bash produced by World Championship Wrestling due to the acquisition of the WCW by the World Wrestling Federation the following March.
Some of the matches from this event was used as a green screen stock footage for a 'Newsflash' segment on "Whose Line Is It Anyway?".

</doc>
<doc id="5978732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978732" title="Corvus Systems">
Corvus Systems

Corvus Systems was a technology company founded by Michael D'Addio and Mark Hahn in 1979 and located in San Jose, Silicon Valley, in the U.S. Corvus was a pioneer of the early days of personal computers, producing the first hard disk drives, data backup, and networking devices, commonly for the Apple II series.
The combination of disk storage, backup, and networking was very popular in primary and secondary education. A classroom would have a single drive and backup with a full classroom of Apple II computers networked together. Students would log in each time they use the computer and access their work.
Corvus went public in 1981 and was traded on the NASDAQ exchange. The company was a modest success in the stock market during its first few years as a public company. The company's founder left Corvus in 1985 as the remaining board of directors made the decision to enter the PC clone market. D'Addio and Hahn went on to found Videonics in 1986.
In 1987 the company filed for Chapter 11. Its demise was partially caused by Ethernet establishing itself over Omninet as the local area network standard for PCs, and partially by the decision to become a PC clone company in a crowded and unprofitable market space.
Disk drives and backup.
The company hacked the Apple II DOS to enable that home computer to use 10 MB Winchester technology hard disk drives. Apple DOS normally was limited to the usage of 140 KB floppy disks. The Corvus disks not only increased the size of available storage but were also considerably faster than floppy disks. Typical usage ranged from small business and classroom management to data analysis. As an example the hard disks would be used for storing large mailing lists that could not fit on a floppy. Initial disk drives were sold to software engineers inside Apple Computer.
The disk drives were manufactured by IMI (International Memories Incorporated) in Cupertino, California. Corvus provided the hardware and software to interface them to Apple II's, Tandy TRS-80s, and S-100 bus systems. Later, IBM PCs and Macs were added to the list. These 5 MB and 10 MB drives were twice the size of a shoebox and initially retailed for US$5000. Corvus sold many stand alone drives whose numbers increased as they became shared over Omninet.
Corvus brought Omninet (see "Networking" below) to this product, allowing a then-very costly hard drive to be shared among multiple inexpensive Apple II computers. An entire office or classroom could thus share a single Omninet-connected Corvus drive.
Certain models of the drives offered a tape backup option called "Mirror" to make hard disk backups using a VCR, which was itself a relatively new technology. A standalone version of "Mirror" was also made available. Data was backed up at roughly one megabyte per minute which resulted in five or ten minute backup times. Tapes could hold up to 73MB. Even though Corvus had a patent on this technology, several other computer companies later used this technique.
A later version of tape backup for the Corvus Omninet was called "The Bank" and was a standalone Omninet connected device that used custom backup tape media that were very similar in shape and size to today's DLT tapes.
Both the Corvus File Server and The Bank tape backup units were in white plastic housings roughly the size of two stacked reams of paper.
Networking.
In 1980 Corvus came out with the first commercially successful local area network (LAN), called Omninet. Most Ethernet deployments of the time ran at 3 Mbit/s and cost one or two thousand dollars per computer. Ethernet also used a thick and heavy cable that felt like a lead pipe when bent, which was run in proximity to each computer, often in the ceiling plenum. The weight of the cable was such that injury to workers from ceiling failure and falling cables was a real danger. A transceiver unit was spliced or tapped into the cable for each computer, with an additional AUI cable running from the transceiver to the computer itself.
Corvus's Omninet ran at one megabit per second, used twisted pair cables and had a simple add-in card for each computer. The card cost $400 and could be installed by the end user. Cards and operating software were produced for both the Apple II and the IBM PC and XT. At the time, many networking experts said that twisted pair could never work because "the bits would leak off", but it eventually became the de facto standard for wired LANs.
Other Omninet devices included the "Utility Server" that was an Omninet connected device that allowed one Parallel printer and two Serial devices (usually printers) connected to it to be shared on an Omninet network. Internally the Utility Server was a single-board Z80 computer with 64 kB of RAM, and on startup the internal boot ROM retrieved its operating program from the File Server. The literature/documentation and software that shipped with the Utility Server included a memory map and I/O ports writeup. It was possible to replace the Utility Server's operating code file with a stand-alone copy of Wordstar configured for the serial port, and to fetch and save its files on the file server. A dumb terminal connected to the first serial port then became an inexpensive diskless word processing station.
A single Omninet was limited to 64 devices, and the device address was set with a 5-bit DIP switch. Device zero was the first file server, device one was the Mirror or The Bank tape backup, the rest were user computers, or Utility Servers. Systems with more than one file server had them at zero and up, then the tape backup, then the user computers. No matter what the configuration, you could only have 64 devices.
Corvus Concept.
In April 1982, Corvus launched a computer called the Corvus Concept. This was a Motorola 68000-based computer in a pizza-box case with a 15" full page display mounted on its top, the first that could be rotated between landscape and portrait modes. Changing display orientation did not require rebooting the computer - it was all automatic and seamless and selected by a mercury switch inside the monitor shell. The screen resolution was 720×560 pixels. Positioned vertically, the monitor displayed 72 rows by 91 columns of text; the horizontal resolution was 56 rows by 120 columns.
The first version of the Concept came with 256 kB standard, and expanding the RAM to its maximum supported capacity of 1MB cost $995 at the time. The Concept was capable of using more RAM, and a simple hack provided up to 4MB. The failure of the Concept was mostly related to its lack of compatibility with the IBM PC, introduced the previous August.
The Concept interface, though not a GUI, was a standardized text user interface that made heavy use of function keys. Application programs could contextually redefine these keys, and the current command performed by each key was displayed on a persistent status line at the bottom of the screen. The function keys were placed on the top row of the keyboard close to their onscreen representation. A crude "Paint" program was available for $395 that permitted a user to create simple bitmap graphics. These could be pasted into Corvus' word processing program called "Edword", which was quite powerful by the standards of the day; it was judged to be worth the cost of the system by itself.
The operating system, called CCOS, was prompt driven, communicating with the user using full sentences such as codice_1 when the "Copy file" function key was pressed. The user would respond by typing the path of the file to be copied. The OS would then prompt for a destination path. Wildcard pattern matching was supporting using the * and ? characters. The OS supported pipes and "Exec files", which were similar to shell scripts.
Versions of the Concept running Unix were available; these configurations could not run standard Concept software. The UCSD p-System was available, and a Pascal compiler was available supporting most UCSD extensions FORTRAN was also standard. Built-in BASIC was also an option, enabling the computer to boot without a disk attached. A software CP/M emulator was available from Corvus, but it was of limited usefulness since it only emulated 8080 instructions and not the more-common Z80-specific instructions. Wesleyan University ported the KERMIT file transfer protocol.
The entire motherboard could slide out of the back of the cabinet for easy access to perform upgrades and repairs. The system was equipped with four 50-pin Apple II bus compatible slots for expansion cards. External 5.25" and 8" floppy disk drive peripherals (made by Fujitsu) were available for the Concept. The 8" drive had a formatted capacity of 250kB. The 5.25" drive was read-only, and disks held 140kB. The video card was integrated in the monitor's update circuitry. The system had a battery-backed hardware clock that stored the date and month, but not the year. There was a leap year switch that set February to have 29 days.
The system had a built in Omninet port on it. The system could boot from a locally connected floppy disk or Corvus Hard Drive or it could be booted over the Omninet network.
In 1984 the base 256K system cost $3995 with monitor and keyboard and bundled Edword word processor. The floppy drive cost an additional $750. Hard drives from 6MB ($2195) to 20MB ($3995) were also available (SCSI I on some). A software bundle containing ISYS integrated spreadsheet, graphing, word processing, and communication software cost $495. The hardware necessary for networking cost $495 per workstation. The Concept Unix workstation came with 512K and cost $4295 for the Concept Uniplex that can be expanded to two users and $5995 for the Concept Plus that can service eight users. The Concept was available as part of turnkey systems from OEMs, such as the Oklahoma Seismic Corporation Mira for oil well exploration, and the KeyText Systems BookWare for publishing.[http://bitsavers.trailing-edge.com/pdf/corvus/brochures/Mira.pdf][http://bitsavers.trailing-edge.com/pdf/corvus/brochures/KeyText_Bookware.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="5978742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978742" title="Cardroom">
Cardroom

A cardroom or card room is a gaming establishment that exclusively offers card games for play by the public. The term poker room is used to describe a dedicated room in casinos that is dedicated to playing poker and in function is similar to a card room.
Such rooms typically do not offer slot machines or video poker, or other table games such as craps as found in casinos. However, a casino will often use the term "cardroom" or "poker room" (usually the latter) to refer to a separate room that offers card games where players typically compete against each other, instead of against "the house." In the United States, stand-alone cardrooms are typically the result of local or state laws and regulations, which often prohibit full-fledged casino gambling. This was typically the case in California until the advent of casino gambling offered by Native American tribes in the 1990s, though card rooms continue to flourish and even expand there.
Since games played in card rooms are usually player-against-player instead of player-against-house, card room operators typically derive their revenues in one of two ways. In most, the dealer of each game (employed by the establishment) will collect a rake, a portion of the pot from each hand. At other times, a charge will be levied against each player for a specific time period, typically each half hour.
Though traditional poker variants such as Texas hold 'em, Omaha hold 'em and seven-card stud are by far the most popular games offered by card rooms (and sometimes the only games), others may offer games such as panguingue, pai gow, Chinese poker, and variations on blackjack. These so-called "California games", or "Asian games", may resemble such traditional casino games as blackjack, baccarat and even craps, but have rules that comply with various state restrictions.
Most U.S. stand-alone card rooms are located in Montana, with more than two hundred such clubs licensed in 2013, and over four hundred licensed nationally. California has the second most such clubs, with 88 such clubs as of 2013. Some are modest establishments with just a few tables, while others are the largest poker rooms in the world, offering as much as five times as many tables as the largest Las Vegas cardroom. Some even call themselves "casinos," even though their lack of electronic and table games would normally disqualify the use of such a term by modern standards. Hollywood Park Racetrack, a Thoroughbred race track in Inglewood, California, has an elaborate card room on its premises. Other large cardrooms are Bay 101 and Casino M8trix in San Jose, the Commerce Casino in Commerce and the Bicycle Casino in Bell Gardens. All these clubs host major poker tournaments, which attract the game's top players and television coverage.
Poker rooms are sometimes operated illegally. New York City has been home to underground card rooms, some of which were the basis of the movie Rounders. Two rooms with more than ten tables—the 14th Street PlayStation and the 72nd Street Players Club—were closed down by the police in 2005, but other smaller clubs continue to exist.
Websites offering online poker games are referred to as "online cardrooms" rather than casinos.

</doc>
<doc id="5978748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978748" title="Mount Ecclesia">
Mount Ecclesia

Mount Ecclesia is the location of the international headquarters of the fraternal and service organization The Rosicrucian Fellowship (TRF), located on grounds in Oceanside, California. It is also the location of its spiritual temple, called "The Ecclesia", situated upon the promontory of a high mesa overlooking the San Luis Rey River Valley and the Franciscan Mission San Luis Rey de Francia founded in 1798.
On April 7, 1995, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Rosicrucian Fellowship Temple.
The Rosicrucian Fellowship observes the basic condition, set by its founder Max Heindel, that no price, membership dues or fees, should be put on its teachings. The Fellowship's funding and maintenance is achieved through the voluntary giving of members and friends and with the assistance of volunteer workers. Mount Ecclesia seeks to become a Spiritual Center in the world, as an effort:
Foundation.
Mount Ecclesia was founded after the Elder Brother of the Rose Cross known as the Teacher suggested to Max Heindel, Founder of the Rosicrucian Fellowship, that permanent Headquarters be establish to support the twin mission of the Organization: 1.) to spread the Rosicrucian Teachings, (the deeper Esoteric Christian Mysteries) and 2.) to Heal the Sick (according to the spiritual method delineated by the Order of the Rose cross). A spiritual vision of the location was given to Mr. Heindel through "Jupiter Consciousness/picture consciousness/spiritual vision" with the mission to find it and start the work. After months of unfruitful search along the coast between Los Angeles and San Diego California, Mr. and Mrs. Heindel decided, on April 30, 1911, to go visit the famous Franciscan Mission San Luis Rey de Francia founded in 1798 in Oceanside. On their way there, by horse and buggy, they find the location matching the vision given earlier by the Teacher and discover that the land is for sale! All excited Mr. Heindel interrupts the trip to the Franciscan Mission to return to the real estate office to buy the land. But the sign said "Office closed to reopen on Wednesday May 3". The Heindels were very disappointed to find the Real Estate office closed, but having business to take care of in San Diego they boarded the train south. On May 3, 1911 Mr.and Mrs. Heindel and their friend Mr. Patterson returned to Oceanside to buy the land. Shortly after 3.00 pm (at 3.05 pm) Mr. Heindel signed the deed of purchase and secured it with a down payment. They went back home in Ocean Park with great excitement and the same evening Mr. Heindel named the property Mount Ecclesia. It took them six months to get ready to leave their small cottage in Ocean Park. They finally came down to The Rosicrucian Fellowship's new Headquarters on the land of Mount Ecclesia to dedicate it to the Great Work of the Elder Brothers of the Rose Cross. The dedication ceremony was planned for 12.40 PM on October 28, 1911 in Oceanside California.
Mount Ecclesia was launched on October 28, 1911, through a ceremony of ground-breaking which consisted in planting a large Cross with the initials C.R.C. — representing the symbolical name Christian Rose Cross, who is the Head of the Order of the Rose Cross (Rosicrucian Order) — painted in gilt letters on the trefoils of the three upper arms and with a climbing rose. An excerpt of the first hand description of the mentioned event is as following :
The Healing Temple "The Ecclesia" was erected, for the purpose of affording more powerful means for the healing of disease, and dedicated on December 25, 1920. Spiritual Healing meetings are held in this holy place at a regular time each day by the Probationers who have consecrated their lives to this work.
As in all the solar temples, "The Ecclesia" portal is facing east (the rising sun). In front of the portal stand two palm trees. The portal is constituted by an triangular-shaped structure upon two round columns. At the centre of the triangular surface there is an equilateral triangle, symbol of Trinity, inscribed by “the eye of God.” The columns fuse Greek (Ionic, Doric and Corinthian) and Roman (Tuscan and composite) styles, each one with a capital crowned by a finial globe. There are three steps between the columns leading to the Temple entrance. At the entrance there are two square pilasters stading from the Temple walls, each showing two faces. The round 12-sided building architecture is composed by round arches and narrow round inward windows. Its great dome is composed by a cupola crowned by a golden globe with a finial of lights. The inner portal and the Temple's interior is ornamented with alchemical and astrological symbols. It is a solar temple dedicated to the coming Age of Aquarius.
On June 29, 1920 (from 11:55 A. M. until 12:02 P. M.), the vision of an event of Spiritual nature at ground's site was reported as following:
On July 23, 1920 (at noon), during the laying of the cornerstone in the north-eastern corner of the temple, the purpose of The Ecclesia was stated in accordance to the commands of Christ, namely, "Preach the gospel and heal the sick":
On December 25, 1938, the Rosicrucian Fellowship opened a Sanitarium building which was used for a number of years to treat patients suffering from non-contagious diseases. Nearly since its inception the Fellowship has been providing, on a love offering basis, the service of Spiritual Healing; the first service took place on June 23, 1914. Currently, the healing applications are received by the Fellowship's centers worldwide or directly by the Healing Department at Mount Ecclesia.

</doc>
<doc id="5978762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978762" title="Westwood Highlands, San Francisco">
Westwood Highlands, San Francisco

Westwood Highlands is a small neighborhood located in south-central San Francisco, California, northeast of the intersection of Monterey Boulevard and Plymouth Avenue. It is bordered by Westwood Park to the south, Saint Francis Wood to the west, Sherwood Forest to the north, and Sunnyside to the east. Mt. Davidson, the highest point in San Francisco, lays just northeast. 
Westwood Highlands covers an area of 0.178 square miles, with a population of 1,782 as of 2009. The median household income in Westwood Highlands is $116,573, compared to a median of $70,770 for the city of San Francisco.
Westwood Highlands is a small, private subdivision development comprising 283 homes built between 1925 and 1929. The subdivision is bound by five intersecting arterial roads. Westwood Highlands was one of the first residential communities in the United States to agree to a set of covenants and restrictions
History.
In 1906, San Francisco was shaken by one of the most damaging earthquakes in the history of America, followed by subsequent fires that enveloped the city and caused further destruction. Developers and planners alike used the aftermath as a catalyst for redevelopment. This redevelopment saw previously barren farmland, such as the area around Twin Peaks, being turned into low- to medium-density residential housing. 
In 1918, the Twin Peaks Tunnel was opened, facilitating the construction of new suburbs and development. Muni Metro ran comprehensive train services through the tunnel that led out to the surrounding regions, including West Portal and Ingleside Terraces, allowing the public to finally gain easy access to the area. The tunnel also reduced travel time into downtown San Francisco dramatically, from almost an hour down to just twenty minutes; from this, the notion of the commuter suburb was born.
The realtors of Westwood Highlands were the well-established Baldwin and Howell Company, known for their emphasis on improving and integrating communities through design and layout. Working in correlation with a builder, Hans Nelson, and an architect, Charles Strothoff, Baldwin and Howell designed this commuter suburb with the intention of harvesting "efficient and economical design… for a middle-class market." Unlike surrounding neighborhoods that boasted an eclectic mix of architectural styles, the houses of Westwood Highlands were built according to specific design parameters that ensured cohesion and unity throughout the subdivision.
Planning considerations.
In the planning of Westwood Highlands, careful consideration was given to the public façade of houses. Strothoff based the housing stock on the modular system of design that allowed for interchangeable components to be added or subtracted. The principle of modules allowed units to be configured in different ways; Strothoff utilized three interchangeable modules: the window, entrance, and garage. Generally, most dwellings conformed to three-module configurations that allowed for the greatest variation in the street; however two- and four-module houses were not uncommon. From the streetscape, this system provided both unity and diversity: each house could conform to various configurations without essentially altering the overall design character of the neighborhood. This ensured that that not only the design elements were regulated, but also the overall appearance of the streets.
The elevation and natural topography of Westwood Highlands was used to its advantage. In contrast to the rest of San Francisco, which was dominated by the grid organization, Westwood Highlands adopted the system of curvilinear streets, which naturally fitted the steep environment. Corner lots had a dual purpose in both complimenting the curvilinear streets and binding the community neighborhood. The corner block provided a private-public relationship with the intersection. In the planning of Westwood Highlands, corner lots were designed to ensure they faced the street intersection on the diagonal. It was used as a systematic means of ‘softening ‘ the relationship between the public streets and the private nature of the houses suggesting a more open neighborhood community. 
Another important consideration in the planning of Westwood Highlands was the hierarchy of streets and lots. In previous subdevelopments in surrounding areas such as Westwood Park and Saint Francis Wood, lots were sold as empty parcels of land in which private owners could develop as they wished. In Westwood Highlands, lots were marketed and sold as a complete package, with a predetermined existing designed house. Again, the topography was highly influential in determining the value of each lot. Dwellings on steeper gradients generally had smaller lots (and subsequently smaller houses) with picturesque views of the city, while larger lots had more affordable houses and were generally located on the outer-eastern boundaries of the development.
Influences.
While Westwood Highlands was partly an instinctive response to the 1906 earthquake disaster, it was also a reaction to the increasing population trends of the time. This private development movement had many influences on town planning, and Westwood Highlands established some important influences on the private development planning in the United States. Firstly, in relation to planning and practice, Baldwin and Howell, as mentioned previously, were marketing lots in Westwood Highlands as complete packages and in doing so promoting a lifestyle that was community centric, affordable, and livable. The notion of middle-class residential living was also a large trademark in the promotion of the area. 
The Real Estate Associates, founded by real estate mogul William Hollis in 1886, became one of the largest developers in the late nineteenth century. They set guidelines for the development of housing lots in the San Francisco Bay Area. Some guidelines were infused into the planning and development of the Westwood Highlands, such as the notion of wealth organization and spatial hierarchy. The controls over design and layout of the houses resembled the contemporary planning restrictions of today, and it was through these covenants that social control in the 1920s was regulated in the public domain. It appears that the role of the realtor in the early twentieth century was not only to develop but to also be responsible for social reconstruction and order. 
Westwood Highlands is the archetype of private planning practices in America in the early to mid-twentieth century. Through advocating the suburban lifestyle and the benefits of living in highly controlled and planned communities, Baldwin and Howell forged influential planning practices still evident in the considerations of contemporary planning today.

</doc>
<doc id="5978767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978767" title="George Strauss">
George Strauss

George Russell Strauss, Baron Strauss PC (18 July 1901 – 5 June 1993) was a long-serving British Labour Party politician, who was a Member of Parliament (MP) for 46 years and was Father of the House of Commons from 1974 to 1979.
Strauss was the son of the Conservative MP Arthur Strauss (1847–1920), who later joined the Labour Party. George Strauss was educated at Rugby School, where the hostile treatment experienced by him and other Jewish boys left him as a vehement supporter of racial equality. He became a metal merchant and a leading member of the London County Council, on which his wife also served.
Strauss' first parliamentary contest was in Lambeth North in 1924, when he lost by just 29 votes; however, he gained the seat in 1929. He lost it in Labour's landslide defeat of 1931, but regained it in a 1934 by-election. In 1939 Strauss was expelled from the Labour Party for supporting the 'Popular Front' movement of Stafford Cripps, whom he had served as Parliamentary Private Secretary.
Strauss was parliamentary secretary at the Ministry of Transport 1945-47 and was the Minister of Supply from 1947 to 1951. After boundary changes, he became MP for Vauxhall in 1950, which he represented until 1979. Soon afterwards he was created a life peer as Baron Strauss, of Vauxhall in the London Borough of Lambeth.

</doc>
<doc id="5978781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978781" title="Teletank">
Teletank

Teletanks were a series of wireless remotely controlled unmanned tanks produced in the Soviet Union in the 1930s and early 1940s. They saw their first combat use in the Winter War, at the start of World War II. A teletank is controlled by radio from a control tank at a distance of 500–1,500 metres, the two constituting a "telemechanical group". Teletanks were used by the Soviet Red Army in the Winter War, fielding at least two teletank battalions at the beginning of the Great Patriotic War.
Teletanks were equipped with DT machine guns, flamethrowers, smoke canisters, and sometimes a special 200–700 kg time bomb in an armoured box, dropped by the tank near the enemy's fortifications and used to destroy bunkers up to four levels below ground. Teletanks were also designed to be capable of using chemical weapons, although they were not used in combat. Each teletank, depending on its model, was able to recognize sixteen to twenty-four different commands sent via radio on two possible frequencies to avoid interference and jamming. Teletanks were built based on T-18, T-26, T-38, BT-5 and BT-7 tanks.
Standard tactics were for the control tank (with radio transmitter and operator) to stay back as far as practicable while the teletank (TT) approached the enemy. The control tank would provide fire support as well as protection for the radio control operator. If the enemy was successful at seizing the teletank, the control tank crew was instructed to destroy it with its main gun. When not in combat the teletank was driven manually.
In addition to teletanks, there were also remotely controlled telecutters and teleplanes in the Red Army.

</doc>
<doc id="5978782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978782" title="Tod Ensign">
Tod Ensign

Tod Ensign is an American veteran's rights lawyer and Director of Citizen Soldier, a non-profit GI and veterans rights advocacy group based in New York City. Ensign holds two law degrees, a Master of Laws (LLM) from NYU and Juris Doctor (J.D.) from Wayne State University and a BA from Michigan State University.
Veteran's Rights Activism.
Ensign co-founded Citizen Soldier in 1969 to advocate on behalf of GIs and veterans who work to oppose command-tolerated racism, sexism, homophobia and militarism. Currently, the group has 7,500 members nationwide, who provide nearly all of its financial support. As an attorney, Ensign has participated in a broad range of legal cases involving GIs and veterans over the past 35 years. Two notable cases are the Agent Orange class action, which attempted to hold chemical manufacturers liable for the injuries their herbicide caused Vietnam veterans and their offspring and the Vietnam-Era Winter Soldier Investigation and National Veterans Inquiry.
Following the US invasion of Iraq in 2003, Citizen Soldier attorneys, including Ensign, have counseled hundreds of GIs and reservists who are seeking alternatives to serving in what many regard as an illegal war. The most celebrated case is Citizen Soldier's defense of Sgt. Camilo Mejia, 28 of Miami, Florida. Mejia was the first US combat veteran to refuse further service in Iraq. He based his refusal on his duty, on international law, that it is illegal to obey military orders that violate international law. During his five months in Iraq, he claims he witnessed command-sanctioned shooting of civilians, abuse of detainees and other violations. Mejia’s defense team has appealed the military judge’s refusal to allow any expert testimony at his court martial regarding illegal US military operations by his unit.
He founded The Different Drummer coffeehouse near Watertown, NY, which strove to connect and inform service members.
Since 2000, Ensign has served on the executive board of the National Gulf War Resource Center, a coalition of Gulf War advocacy groups that advocates for research and health care for veterans from both Gulf wars. (He is the only non-veteran serving on this board).
Publications.
Ensign is author of two books, most recently "America's Military Today: The Challenge of Militarism" (New Press, 2004) and "Military Life: The Insider's Guide" (Prentice Hall, 2000). He is coauthor of "GI Guinea Pigs" (Playboy, 1980) the first exposé of how US soldiers were harmed by nuclear fallout during A-bomb tests and the herbicide Agent Orange that was used during the Vietnam War.
He has also contributed chapters to four other books, "Ten Excellent Reasons Not to Join the Military" (New Press, 2006) "Against the Vietnam War: Writings by Activists" (Syracuse U. Press, 1999), "Metal of Dishonor: Depleted Uranium" (IAC Press, 1997) "Collateral Damage" (South Press. He has written dozens of articles for "The Progressive", "In These Times", "Radical America", "The American Pathologist", "The N. Y. Daily News", "Toward Freedom", "Against the Current", the "Weekly Guardian", the "Non Violent Resister", the "Indypendent", and several others.
He has a daughter, Rachel.

</doc>
<doc id="5978785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978785" title="Playland Park (Texas)">
Playland Park (Texas)

Playland Park, a defunct amusement park formerly located in San Antonio, Texas, is most notable for being the former home of "The Rocket", a wooden roller coaster which now operates as The Phoenix at Knoebels Amusement Resort in Elysburg, Pennsylvania. Ed Gaida, who lived at Playland Park, has written a book about the park.
The Rocket.
The San Antonio park was designed and built by Herb Schmeck and the Philadelphia Toboggan Company, the roller coaster operated from 1947 until the park's closure in 1980. Knoebels purchased the ride in 1984 and dismantled it during the winter of 1985. As there were no blueprints to work with, each individual board was numbered and cataloged on site. The restored roller coaster opened at Knoebels on June 15, 1985. It is named after the mythical phoenix bird which rises, reborn from its own ashes.
The first Playland Park was originally located in Houston, Texas in the mid-1940s and lasted through to mid-1960s. It was Texas' first amusement park and it stood near the site where the famed AstroWorld once stood. It is now a suburban and commercial development area. 
The park also featured Texas' first elevated monorail train (1956- Skyway Monorail)
Astroworld replaced Playland Park as Houston's and Texas' largest amusement park attraction from the 1960s up until the 1990s when new 'theme' parks were built in Dallas and San Antonio.

</doc>
<doc id="5978789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978789" title="Dean Holden">
Dean Holden

Dean Thomas John Holden (born 15 September 1979) is an English footballer playing for Walsall. Holden is a defender who is comfortable at right-back and centre-back.
Career.
Born in Swinton, Greater Manchester, Holden started his career with Bolton Wanderers where he made 13 league appearances and scored once against Sheffield United, before moving on to Oldham Athletic after a successful loan period. 
After over 100 first-team appearances for Oldham he joined Peterborough United in 2005. He was made captain but, with his contract close to expiry, he was transferred to Falkirk on 1 January 2007 for an undisclosed fee.
On 27 January 2008, Holden suffered a broken leg, after a late tackle by Celtic's Stephen McManus, during Falkirk's 1–0 home defeat, leaving him out of action until October.
Holden signed a two-year contract with Shrewsbury Town on 26 June 2009. On 5 August 2010 Holden signed on loan at Rotherham United, initially for only one month but this was extended twice until he was recalled early by Shrewsbury on 20 October. On 31 January 2011, Holden had his contract cancelled by mutual agreement and he became a free agent. 
Chesterfield signed Holden on 3 February 2011 in a short-term contract until the end of the season. Holden then signed a new one-year deal with Chesterfield on 18 May 2011.
On 3 November 2011, Holden joined Rochdale on loan until January 2012. In January 2012, Holden made his loan switch permanent on a six-month contract. In May 2012, Holden was released from Rochdale after being told his contract would not be renewed.
On 16 July 2012, Dean Holden signed a one-year deal at League One side Walsall.
International.
Despite his English birth and having played for the England youth team, Holden qualifies to represent Northern Ireland through his grandparents, and was called up to their full squad for the first time in June 2007.
Personal life.
In June 2006, Holden married television presenter Danielle Nicholls. They live in Worsley and have two children. In 2012 their youngest child died after contracting meningococcal sepsis, while the family were on holiday in Lanzarote.

</doc>
<doc id="5978813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978813" title="List of Irish botanical illustrators">
List of Irish botanical illustrators

This is a list of botanical illustrators born or active in Ireland.
Botanical illustration involves the painting, drawing and illustration of plants and ecosystems. Often meticulously observed, the botanical art tradition combines both science and art, and botanical artists throughout the centuries have been active in the collecting and cataloguing a huge variety of species.

</doc>
<doc id="5978815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978815" title="Brian McCracken">
Brian McCracken

Brian Moore McCracken (born 13 July 1934) is a retired judge of the Supreme Court of Ireland. He is an officer of the Trinity College, Dublin - "Visitor of the College".
Education and career.
Brian McCracken was born in Cork in 1934. He was educated at The High School, Dublin, University of Dublin and King's Inns Dublin. He became a barrister in 1957 and a senior counsel in 1975. Brian McCracken was appointed a High Court judge in 1995 and was elevated to Ireland's Supreme Court in 2002. His in-depth expertise in the field of intellectual property law was widely recognised but he also had expertise in both chancery and commercial law.
McCracken Tribunal.
Brian McCracken was appointed as the sole member of The McCracken Tribunal which was set up by the Bruton Government in February 1997 to investigate reports of secret payments by Ben Dunne to former Taoiseach, Charles Haughey and former cabinet minister Michael Lowry.
The Tribunal heard evidence in July 1997 and produced a 100-page report the following month. This report found that Haughey had given untrue evidence under oath and that Lowry was "knowingly assisted" by Dunne in evading tax. As a result of the findings and revelation of substantial funds in secret Ansbacher accounts owned by Haughey the new Ahern Government established a more extensive follow-up, the Moriarty Tribunal to investigate the financial affairs of the two politicians.
Charles Haughey faced criminal charges for obstructing the work of the McCracken tribunal. His trial on these charges was postponed indefinitely after the judge in the case found that he would not be able to get a fair trial following prejudicial comments by Tánaiste Mary Harney.
Compared to the succeeding, and other tribunals, the McCracken Tribunal was praised for its efficiency in concluding within months.
He retired from the Supreme Court on 12 July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5978820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978820" title="USFMEP">
USFMEP

The United States Federation for Middle East Peace (USFMEP) is a non-profit, non-partisan organization which promotes the United Nations commitment to international peace and justice through educational programs, public relations and community outreach efforts.
The USFMEP works to provide Americans with information about the Middle East - its history, religions, cultures and current issues. It seeks to promote understanding of the Middle East through seminars, workshops, roundtables and public forums. It has established networks and liaison offices in other regions of the world to help raise awareness on issues concerning peace in the Middle East utilizing the latest methods in information technology.

</doc>
<doc id="5978821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978821" title="East Virginia">
East Virginia

East Virginia or Eastern Virginia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5978841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978841" title="Klaus Nomi (album)">
Klaus Nomi (album)

Klaus Nomi is the debut album by German countertenor Klaus Nomi.
Track listing.
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="5978852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978852" title="Alfred Kälin">
Alfred Kälin

Alfred Kälin (born 16 January 1949) is a former Swiss cross country skier who competed in the early 1970s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo. 

</doc>
<doc id="5978855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978855" title="EIF-2 kinase">
EIF-2 kinase

eIF-2 is a kinase enzyme that phosphorylates eIF-2.
There are four forms in mammals:
These are all responsible for the phosphorylation of the alpha subunit of eIF-2 at serine 51, one of the best-characterized mechanisms for down-regulating protein synthesis in eukaryotes in response to various cellular stress response's.

</doc>
<doc id="5978869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978869" title="Albert Giger">
Albert Giger

Albert Giger (born 7 October 1946) is a former Swiss cross country skier who competed in the early 1970s. He won a bronze in the 4 x 10 km cross-country skiing relay at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo. He is as well a 5-times winner of the Engadin Skimarathon.

</doc>
<doc id="5978874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978874" title="Ivica Šurjak">
Ivica Šurjak

Ivan "Ivica" Šurjak (born 23 March 1953) is a former Croatian footballer. He was the driving force behind Hajduk Split as it led the Yugoslav First League and Europe in the old stadium (before Poljud stadium was built). He started his career as a left-back, but with time learned to play total football, the prototype for the footballer who can play every position successfully.
He played 54 games for the Yugoslav national team. He continued his career in Paris and Udine but turned down offers by the New York Cosmos and Real Madrid.
He served as sports director at Hajduk Split of the Croatian First League from 1999 to 2003.
Speedboat incident.
In July 1999. Šurjak killed a swimmer while driving a speedboat near the coast of Trogir (Croatia). The swimmer (Miroslav Didak) died a few days after the accident, while in a coma in the intensive care unit of the Firule hospital. Šurjak was subsequently cleared of any wrongdoing.

</doc>
<doc id="5978885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978885" title="Tea for Two (album)">
Tea for Two (album)

Tea for Two was a 10" LP album released by Columbia Records on September 4, 1950 under catalog number CL-6149, featuring Doris Day, with Axel Stordahl conducting the orchestra on some pieces, and the Page Cavanaugh Trio as backup musicians on others. It contained songs from the soundtrack of the movie of the same name.
The Columbia catalog number was CL-6149.
Track listing.
This album, combined with "Lullaby of Broadway," was reissued in compact disc form in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5978899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978899" title="Robert Minhinnick">
Robert Minhinnick

Robert Minhinnick (born 1952) is a Welsh poet, essayist, novelist and translator.
Minhinnick was born in Neath, and now lives in Porthcawl. He studied at University of Wales, Aberystwyth, and University of Wales, Cardiff. An environmental campaigner, he co-founded the charities Friends of the Earth (Cymru) and Sustainable Wales. His work deals with both Welsh and international themes. 
He has published seven poetry collections and several volumes of essays. He edited the magazine, "Poetry Wales" from 1997 until 2008. He has also translated poems from contemporary Welsh poets for an anthology, "The Adulterer's Tongue". His first novel, "Sea Holly", was published in autumn 2007.
Awards.
Minhinnick won the Forward Prize for Best Individual Poem in 1999 for 'Twenty-five Laments for Iraq', and again in 2003 for 'The Fox in the National Museum of Wales'. His poem ‘The Castaway’ was also shortlisted in 2004. He has also won an Eric Gregory Award (1980) and a Cholmondeley Award (1998), both awarded by the Society of Authors to British poets.
In 2006, Minhinnick's book "To Babel and Back", describing a journey in the Middle East, won the English-language Wales Book of the Year Award, which he had previously won in 1993 for "Watching the Fire Eater".

</doc>
<doc id="5978915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978915" title="University of Wisconsin–Richland">
University of Wisconsin–Richland

The University of Wisconsin–Richland (formerly University of Wisconsin Center-Richland) is a two-year campus of the University of Wisconsin System located in Richland Center, Wisconsin, United States. The University of Wisconsin–Richland is a freshman-sophomore University of Wisconsin campus. UW-Richland also offers the Bachelor of Applied Arts & Sciences degree.
UW–Richland is one of thirteen freshman-sophomore liberal arts transfer campuses of the University of Wisconsin Colleges, and offers a general education associate degree. In addition, UW-Richland offers the Bachelor of Applied Arts & Sciences.
Campus.
The campus is located on in Richland Center, the birthplace of architect Frank Lloyd Wright. UW–Richland has seven main buildings—Classroom Building, East Hall, Melvill Hall, Miller Memorial Library, Roadrunner Gymnasium, Science Hall, and Wallace Student Center/Coppertop Theatre. Improvements and expansions include construction of the community’s on-campus Symons Recreation Complex in 1987, Campus View student housing in 1987, expanded in 1988 and 1999, renovation and expansion of Melvill Hall in 1998, and Science Hall in 2001. East Hall, a former county building adjacent to the campus, was renovated and became the newest UW-Richland building in 2010.
History.
Known today as the University of Wisconsin–Richland, the present campus opened in 1967 as the Richland Branch Campus of the Wisconsin State University-Platteville. With the 1972 merger of the University of Wisconsin and State University Systems, the campus became part of the University of Wisconsin Center System and was known as UW Center-Richland. In 1997, the name of the institution was changed to the University of Wisconsin Colleges and the campus name to UW–Richland.
Academics.
The campus offers an array of courses to begin any of more than 200 majors. Many UW–Richland students mark completion of the first half of a bachelor’s degree by earning the Associate of Arts and Science degree or use the Guaranteed Transfer Program, under which students are guaranteed admission to a four-year University of Wisconsin System campus of their choice if they meet certain academic requirements.
Special programs.
Since the mid-1980s, UW–Richland has been a partner in several international programs, bringing students from around the world to Richland Center to live and learn. An array of activities enhances outside-the-classroom learning and includes Student Senate/student government, Phi Theta Kappa honor society, International Club, Student Wisconsin Education Association chapter Educators of the Future and more.
Athletics.
A member of the Wisconsin Collegiate Conference, UW–Richland offers men’s and women’s basketball and women’s volleyball, as well as club soccer and intramural sports. Students have discounted access to Symons Recreation Complex and they may swim for free there. UW–Richland’s mascot is the Roadrunner and school colors are royal blue and white, with red accents.

</doc>
<doc id="5978917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978917" title="Joe Sparma">
Joe Sparma

Joseph Blase Sparma (February 4, 1942 – May 14, 1986) was a quarterback in collegiate football (1961–1962) and a pitcher in Major League Baseball (1964–1970).
Quarterback at Ohio State.
Born in Massillon, Ohio, Sparma attended Ohio State University and played quarterback on the 1961 and 1962 football teams coached by Woody Hayes. Sparma and his leading receiver, Paul Warfield, led the 1961 Buckeyes to an 8-0-1 season and a Big Ten Conference championship Sparma accounted for 474 yards in the Buckeyes' 1961 50-20 victory over the Michigan Wolverines. Sparma quit the team after three years due to differences with coach Woody Hayes and opted to pursue a career in Major League Baseball.
Major League Baseball Pitcher.
Sparma received a $32,000 bonus to sign with the Detroit Tigers in 1963. He played six seasons with Detroit from 1964-1969. In 1965, Sparma was in his first full season with the Tigers, when he was assigned to be the starting pitcher against the Yankees on "Mickey Mantle Day" in New York. When Mantle came to bat for the first time in the game, Sparma walked off the mound, approached Mantle, and said: "You know, I've never had a chance to meet you in person, and I've always admired you." Sparma and Mantle shook hands, and Sparma went back to the mound and struck Mantle out. Mantle turned to Detroit's catcher Bill Freehan and said: "They have a day for me and your manager's got to put some hard-throwing kid out there. Couldn't he have put in some soft-tossing left-hander for me to hit off of, so I could look like a hero in front of all those people?" (Bill Freehan, ""Behind the Mask"" (1970), pp. 7–8)
Sparma's best season was 1967, when he posted a record of 16-9 with 11 complete games, five shutouts, and a 3.76 ERA.
In 1968, Sparma lost his spot in the rotation after a run-in with manager Mayo Smith. Sparma was pulled from a game and told Detroit sportswriter Joe Falls that Smith "had no respect for him; didn't like him, didn't trust him, etc., etc." When Falls asked Smith for a response, Smith said he "didn't want to get into a spitting contest with a skunk." (Joe Falls, "Joe Falls 50 Years of Sports Writing" (Sports Publishing 1997), p. 159.) Smith refused to start Sparma for several weeks afterward. When Sparma finally got another start on September 17, 1968, he pitched a 1-run complete game against the Yankees to clinch the Tigers' first pennant since 1945. The Sparma-Smith feud continued, and Sparma pitched only 1/3 of an inning in the 1968 World Series, giving up 2 earned runs for a 54.00 ERA in postseason play.
On May 31, 1969, Sparma lost a no-hitter in a nationally televised game against the Seattle Pilots when Don Mincher doubled with one out in the 9th inning.
During the 1969 season, Sparma was roommates with Bill Freehan, as Freehan kept a diary that was published in 1970. In the book, Freehan wrote that Sparma and manager Mayo Smith were usually not even on speaking terms as Sparma remained in Smith's doghouse.
Freehan also wrote memorably of Sparma's talent for ESP: "My roomie's got an ESP thing. Every now and then, he'll wake up on a morning he's supposed to pitch and say, 'I've got a good feeling. I know we're going to win.' Joe doesn't get this feeling too often, but every time he does -- every single time -- we win." (Freehan, ""Behind the Mask"," p. 104) Sparma had that "good feeling" on June 13, 1969, before he shut out the Royals, 6-0. On another occasion, Sparma told teammate Dick McAuliffe of a premonition: "Mac, I know you're going to have a good day today. Something just tells me you're going to go three for five." McAuliffe went 3-for-4 in his first 4 at-bats and struck out in his 5th at bat. When he came back to the dugout, McAuliffe blamed Sparma for jinxing him on the 5th at bat. In his book, Freehan wrote that McAuliffe was "actually angry" at Sparma. "He could've at least thanked Joe for the three hits." (Freehan, ""Behind the Mask"," p. 106)
Toward the end of the 1969 season, Sparma got into a fight in the bullpen with Fred Lasher. On December 3, 1969, Sparma was traded to the Montreal Expos. Sparma pitched only 27 innings for the Expos in 1970, compiling a record of 0-4. Sparma pitched his last major league game on May 12, 1970.
In 183 career games, he had a 52-52 record with a 3.94 ERA. Sparma died in Columbus, Ohio at age 44 in 1986, after suffering a heart attack and undergoing heart bypass surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="5978933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978933" title="Eduard Hauser (cross-country skier)">
Eduard Hauser (cross-country skier)

Eduard Hauser (born 26 November 1948) is a former Swiss cross-country skier who competed in the early 1970s. He won a bronze in the 4 x 10 km cross-country skiing relay at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo.

</doc>
<doc id="5978939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978939" title="David Fisher">
David Fisher

David Fisher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5978945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978945" title="Beast Cops">
Beast Cops

Beast Cops () is a 1998 Hong Kong action film written, produced and directed by Gordon Chan, and also directed by Dante Lam. The film stars Anthony Wong and Michael Wong. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 9 April 1998.
Plot.
Tung (Anthony Wong) is a street cop in Hong Kong who is friends with a Triad "dai lo" named Fai (Roy Cheung). Fai hires a hitman to murder a business rival; the hit goes wrong and Fai, implicated in the incident, goes on the run. This leaves Tung in the put upon position to look after Fai's affairs.
Soon, however, Tung's squad is assigned a new Commanding Officer in the form of Lieutenant Michael Cheung (Michael Wong - no relation to Anthony), a no-nonsense, tough as nails cop who was transferred for having punched out his own previous Commanding Officer. In an attempt to keep tabs on Cheung and similarly introduce him to their precinct Tung takes Cheung to the disco owned by Fai. There, Cheung meets a madam named Yoyo (whose name in dubbed version is sometimes given as Yo-Yo Ma), who is also Fai's moll. Angry and upset that Fai left on such short notice without her, Yoyo accepts Cheung's overture and the two soon find themselves genuinely in love.
In the meantime Fai's eager underling, Push-pin, moves himself into Fai's role and attempts to force Yoyo to peddle customers drugs through her escorts. Yoyo refuses, an action which results in Push-Pin slapping her across the face. Cheung finds out and takes revenge by inspecting Push-Pin's establishments every night.
As Cheung and Yoyo's relationship turns serious, Tung finds his own relationship with a married woman turning sour. She routinely asks him for money seems she's paying him for sex, which leaves him constantly broke. When Push-pin realizes slapping Yoyo has resulted in Cheung becoming an enemy, Push-pin hands Tung a handful of money, "as a gift." Actually, this act is a bribe, and when Cheung is later attacked by a group of Push-pin's men and Tung, having made the connection, attempts to bring Push-pin in, Push-pin reminds Tung of the money he'd given him. Tung finds himself powerless to arrest Push-pin without exposing himself as having been bribed.
Things come to a head when Fai returns to town and learns that Yoyo is seeing Cheung. Fai goes after Cheung; their fight leads to a stand off with Tung between them, and Yoyo proclaiming she and Cheung are in love and are having a baby. Fai storms off, followed by Tung. The two decide it's time to pay a visit to Push-pin, who has now been officially promoted by the area's lead Triad boss, Tai, into Fai's place as "dai lo".
While Tung waits outside the disco, Fai goes in to confront Push-pin. After an emotional confrontation, Push-pin chops Fai in the neck with a machete, killing him. Tung sees Push-pin leaving the club; when he runs inside to see what happened, the sight of Fai's body on the floor leaves him devastated and wanting revenge.
Tung, loaded with alcohol and barbiturates, cruises town to find Push-pin. He receives word Push-pin is back at his underground casino and goes there to bring Push-pin down once and for all. This results in Tung taking on not only Push-pin, but all his underlings as well. Cheung shows up with his officers to help, only to find Tung moments later seemingly dead from a steel spike Push-pin has rammed into Tung's gut. Seconds later, Push-pin is killed by one of Fai's men as revenge for his killing of Fai.
As it turns out, Tung survives and he and Cheung pay a visit to the lead Triad boss, Tai, where the two promise to eventually bring him down.
Home media.
On 27 December 2001, DVD was released by Hong Kong Legends at the United Kingdom in Region 2.

</doc>
<doc id="5978947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978947" title="System Commander">
System Commander

System Commander (SC for short) was a boot manager/loader software application developed by VCOM. In the event that you have more than one operating system installed on your system (i.e. personal computer, harddrive), "System Commander" makes it possible to choose which one of these operating systems to boot. In this regard "System Commander" is comparable in overall functionality to software like NTLDR, LILO, GRUB, and Graphical Boot Manager, which also makes it possible to make such a choice at boot time.
System Commander had some unique features, that made intensive multi-boot users quite happy. It had a feature to keep partitions hidden, so when one OS loaded it could neither detect nor interfere with other OSs, installed on other partitions.
"System Commander" requires either 32-bit DOS or Microsoft Windows (95/98/Me/2000/XP/2003/Vista) to install. But when installed it makes it possible to manage the booting of several other operating systems including Linux (all distributions), FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD, Solaris, QNX, OS/2, Darwin, older MS-DOS-based operating system like Microsoft Windows 3.x, and other DOS-based systems like DR-DOS and OpenDOS and several others.
"System Commander" is a graphical boot manager which supports up to a 1600x1200 resolution. It also includes a partition manager (VCOM's Partition Commander) for creating, resizing and deleting partitions.

</doc>
<doc id="5978950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978950" title="Vanuatu Football Federation">
Vanuatu Football Federation

The Vanuatu Football Federation is the governing body of football in Vanuatu.

</doc>
<doc id="5978951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978951" title="Bežanija">
Bežanija

Bežanija (Serbian Cyrillic: Бежанија, ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Novi Beograd, in the Syrmia region.
Location.
Bežanija is located west of the downtown Belgrade, across the Sava river, in the Syrmia region. It is situated in the central part of the Novi Beograd municipality, on the southern extension of the elongated, crescent-shaped yellow loess ridge of "Bežanijska kosa". The ridge (or slope, as it is called in Serbian, "kosa") gives its name to the northern extension of Bežanija, Bežanijska Kosa, and stretches to the right banks of the Danube in the neighborhood of Zemun. Once a suburb of Belgrade, separated from it by the vast marshlands on the Sava's left bank, Bežanija today forms one completely urbanized area with Belgrade thanks to the rapid development of Novi Beograd after the World War II.
Population.
Bežanija experienced a rapid growth of population after 1948 as it was almost immediately attached to the newly constructed city-within-the city of Novi Beograd. It became a "local community" (Serbian: "mesna zajednica") within the Novi Beograd, and as municipal internal boundaries changed a lot in the 1970s, despite further expansion, census showed a reduced number of population as many border areas (entirely or partially) were detached from Bežanija (Bežanijska kosa, blocks 61-65, etc.).
Population of Bežanija (in 1921 and 1953 it was still a separate settlement):
Today, Bežanija extends to the northeast into Bežanijska kosa and the west into Ledine.
History.
Bežanija is the oldest part of today's Novi Beograd, where a settlement existed from the neolithic to the Roman period.
In 1512, the settlement of Bežanija was mentioned for the first time under its present name, as a small village with 35 houses, populated by Serbs. In this time, the village was under the administration of the medieval Kingdom of Hungary, and was part of the Syrmia County. The inhabitants of the village crossed the Sava river and settled in Syrmia after fleeing the fall of the medieval Serbian Despotate under the hands of the Ottoman Empire (hence the name "bežanija", "refugee camp" in archaic Serbian).
In 1521, the village became part of the Ottoman Empire. From 1527 to 1530, Bežanija was part of Radoslav Čelnik's Duchy of Syrmia, an Ottoman vassal, until its subsequent organization into the Ottoman Sanjak of Syrmia. The Habsburg Monarchy conquered it temporarily during the Great Turkish War (1689-1691), but it remained under Ottoman administration until 1718. In 1718, the village became part of the Habsburg Monarchy and was placed under military administration. It was part of the Habsburg Military Frontier (Petrovaradin regiment of Slavonian Krajina). In 1848-1849 it was part of the Serbian Vojvodina, an ethnic Serb autonomous region within the Austrian Empire, but in 1849 was again placed under administration of the Military Frontier.
As the Frontier was abolished in 1881-1882, it became part of the Syrmia County within the autonomous Habsburg kingdom Croatia-Slavonia, which was located within the Hungarian part of the Dual Monarchy of Austria-Hungary. In 1910, the largest ethnic group in the village were Serbs, while other sizable ethnic groups were Germans, Hungarians and Croats. After dissolution of Austria-Hungary, in autumn of 1918, Bežanija became part of the newly formed State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs. On November 24, 1918, as part of Syrmia region, the village became part of the Kingdom of Serbia, and on December 1, it became part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (future Yugoslavia).
From 1918 to 1922, the village was part of the Syrmia County and from 1922 to 1929 part of the Syrmia Oblast. Bežanija became part of the wider Belgrade area for the first time in 1929 after coup d'état conducted by the king Alexander I of Yugoslavia, who, among other things, draw a new map of Yugoslavia's administrative division creating a new administrative unit "Uprava grada Beograda" or "Administration of the City of Belgrade" which comprised Belgrade, Zemun (with Bežanija) and Pančevo.
During World War II, from 1941 to 1944, the village was occupied by the Axis Powers and was attached to the Pavelić's Independent State of Croatia. After World War II, Bežanija became part of new socialist Serbia within restored Yugoslavia. It remained part of the Belgrade area but with its own municipality. As the construction of Novi Beograd began in 1948, municipality of Bežanija was abolished an annexed to the municipality of Novi Beograd in 1955 (itself established in 1952), becoming one of its "local communities".
Economy.
Bežanija is mostly residential area. Some very important industrial facilities are located in the areas geographically, though not administratively, parts of Bežanija: IMT and FOM factories, section of the Belgrade's Waterwoks and Sewage, Minel, etc. Commercial sector is developing recently, including a green market, several gas pumps, a stadium and several shopping malls (like "Immo Idea").
West of Bežanija is the location of the old Belgrade airport which was finished in March 1927, destroyed by the Germans in 1944, and became defunct in 1962 when the new airport near the village of Surčin was finished (today's Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport).
The major transmission grid's substation for western Belgrade is located in Bežanija and was heavily damaged during the NATO bombing of Serbia in 1999. The graphite bombs (or "blackout bombs") were used. The major substation for eastern Belgrade, in Leštane was also bombed.
"Novo Bežanijsko groblje" ("New Bežanija cemetery"), west of the settlement is Belgrade's largest cemetery. Old cemetery, much smaller, is located in the old part of the settlement.
Sport.
Bežanija has many Sports facilities including tennis courts, basketball courts and the Stadion Bežanije, where FK Bežanija play their home matches.
Parts of Bežanija.
Bežanijska Kosa.
Northeastern extension of the Bežanija, along the loess ridge, is called Bežanijska Kosa (Cyrillic: Бежанијска Коса; "slope of Bežanija"). It is crescent shaped, leaning on the western border of the urban area of Novi Beograd, stretching along the "Tošin bunar" street to Zemun. Northern section of the neighborhood is crossed by the Belgrade-Zagreb highway.
It roughly comprises Blocks 6, 35, 49, 50 and 60. Southern section is industrialized (IMT and Minel factories) and the location of the old airport (now a new neighborhood in the process of construction, Airport City Belgrade), while the central parts are mostly residential. Northern section, along the highway, comprises stadiums of the "Bežanija" and "Radnički" soccer clubs, auto-camp, hotel "Nacional", sports center of "11 April", "Bežanija" retirement home and one of the major Belgrade hospitals, "KBC Bežanijska Kosa". In the northeast it borders the Studentski Grad while northwestern section belongs to the municipality of Zemun. The railway tunnel has been dug through the loess ridge.
It distincts itself from the rest of Novi Beograd as it has no skyscrapers, but smaller, more 'humane' buildings and its population was 19,036 in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5978953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978953" title="Simple Man (Klaus Nomi album)">
Simple Man (Klaus Nomi album)

Simple Man is the second album by German countertenor Klaus Nomi, released in 1982. It was also the last album of original material to be released during Nomi's lifetime.
The album consists of a mix of opera and pop music, songs by Renaissance composer John Dowland and several excerpts from Henry Purcell's "Dido and Aeneas" juxtaposed with "Ding Dong" and "Falling in Love Again". 
Track listing.
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="5978961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978961" title="Perirhinal cortex">
Perirhinal cortex

The Perirhinal cortex is a cortical region in the medial temporal lobe that is made up of Brodmann areas 35 and 36. It receives highly-processed sensory information from all sensory regions, and is generally accepted to be an important region for memory. It is bordered caudally by postrhinal cortex or parahippocampal cortex (homologous regions in rodents and primates, respectively) and ventrally and medially by entorhinal cortex.
Structure.
The perirhinal cortex is composed of two regions: areas 36 and 35. Area 36 is sometimes divided into three subdivisions: 36d is the most rostral and dorsal, 36r ventral and caudal, and 36c the most caudal. Area 35 can be divided in the same manner, into 35d and 35v (for dorsal and ventral, respectively).
Area 36 is six-layered, dysgranular cortex, meaning that its layer IV is relatively sparse. Area 35 is agranular (lacking any cells in layer IV).
Function.
The perirhinal cortex is involved in both visual perception and memory; it facilitates the recognition and identification of environmental stimuli. Lesions to the perirhinal cortex in both monkeys and rats lead to the impairment of visual recognition memory, disrupting stimulus-stimulus associations and object-recognition abilities. The perirhinal cortex’s role in the formation and retrieval of stimulus-stimulus associations (and in virtue of its unique anatomical position in the medial temporal lobe) suggest that it is part of a larger semantic system that is crucial for endowing objects with meaning. The perirhinal cortex is also involved in item memory. 
Other animals.
Primates.
The monkey perirhinal cortex receives a majority of its input from high-level visual areas, whereas, in the rat, its inputs are primarily olfactory and, to a lesser extent, auditory. Outputs to orbitofrontal cortex and medial prefrontal cortex regions (such as prelimbic and infralimbic) have been described. Perirhinal cortex also sends output to a number of subcortical structures, including the basal ganglia, the thalamus, the basal forebrain, and the amygdala. 
It also has direct connections with hippocampus region CA1 and the subiculum. Perirhinal cortex projects to distal CA1 pyramidal cells, overlapping the projections from entorhinal cortex. The same CA1 cells send return projections back to perirhinal cortex. Inputs from subiculum terminate in both superficial and deep layers.
Visual areas TE and TEO send and receive a significant reciprocal connection with perirhinal cortex. Weaker, but still significant, projections come from other parahippocampal regions and from the superior temporal sulcus. Other inputs include anterior cingulate and insular regions, in addition to prefrontal projections.
Rodents.
Auditory inputs from temporal cortical regions are the primary inputs to rat 36d, with visual inputs becoming more prominent closer to the postrhinal cortical border. Area 36d projects to 36v and then to 35, which forms the primary output region of perirhinal cortex. Inputs to area 35 more strongly reflect olfactory and gustatory inputs from piriform and insular cortices, in addition to inputs from entorhinal cortex and frontal regions.

</doc>
<doc id="5978968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978968" title="Little Toot">
Little Toot

Little Toot is a children's story written and illustrated by Hardie Gramatky in 1939. It tells the story of Little Toot, an anthropomorphic tugboat child, who thinks that work is a joke and prefers to play around making figure 8s and play games, which irritates the other tugboats, who call him a "Sissy". He is rejected by the tugboat community and dejectedly drifts out to sea, where he accidentally discovers a shipwrecked liner and a chance to prove his worth.
The book (G. P. Putnam's Sons first children's book) has been continually in print for 71 years. In 2007, in honor of what would have been Hardie Gramatky's 100th birthday, Penguin Putnam publishers rescanned the original artwork, added nine original full-color sketches by the illustrator, and brought back detailed endpapers so the book has been restored to its first-edition colors and vibrancy. The correct International Standard Book Number is 9780399247132. Daniel Pinkwater and Scott Simon read and raved about the restored classic edition ("Hardie Gramatky never speaks down to children") on NPR's "Weekend Edition" in October 2007.
In the animated Disney version, Little Toot actually disgraces his father "Big Toot" with his childish antics, and is exiled from the harbor. There he learns that he must give up his foolishness and grow up in order to earn the respect of the other boats and of his father.
The story appeared in an animated segment of the Walt Disney Studios film "Melody Time" in 1948, with the story being sung by the Andrews Sisters with Vic Schoen providing the background musical score. When Capitol Records produced a record with the Little Toot song, it was the first children's record to hit the 1,000,000 sales mark on "Billboard", according to then-president Alan Livingston.
There was also another movie based on "Little Toot" called "The New Adventures of Little Toot". It featured Samuel Vincent as the voice of the title character and was released on home video in 1992 by Strand Home Video.
1992 movie.
The movie starts with threes in a storm. The father sends his children to a safety boat while he stays on his ship. In the morning, Salty the seagull and Echo the dolphin (they called her that because her voice sounds like an echo) notice the dogs and bring them aboard the deck. Echo goes look for Captain Dogwood, the father of the pups. The pups introduce themselves as Andy and Tina. Salty agrees to help find their father because he knows him. The only get to him is with Little Toot, a tugboat who use to be the busiest and proudest until the boats got too big for him and sat in the docks looking sorry for himself and then got all dirty and messy and become home for three cats, who make anything miserable. They plan get the rid of them by scaring them, since cats are scared of dogs. At first they got scare, but then when they realize they're just puppies, they got less impress. They want them off Toot but they refuse saying they need him to collect sardines. They also fret to put them overboard where a shark is, until Salty gives Toot the encouragement needs to get ride of the dogs. Toot uses his hose on the cats since they also hate water. It works and the cats runaway. They then start to clean Toot up until he was ship shape. Echo returns and tells them he's on an island shipwrecked. As Salty goes to collect his most favorite food Percy's Pelican Pickles, while the rest gets bubble gum and ice cream. Claude, the cat leader, vows to get to Little Toot get the sardines. As Salty aboards Toot, the gang travels many miles and destinations until they meant the weather lady. She proclaims that she knows what happen Dogwood, saying she made the storm because it's her job to create the weather. She warns them that she must her job to make sure the weather changes. She soon starts her weather storm and the gang battles through the weather. Meanwhile, the cats try to boat to Toot, but it was difficult to battle the weather. They call out to them, and swims back to help them. When Salty points that they're towards Skull Rocks, the cats beg to return to their boat, only for it to sink. Lucky, Echo calls out to Toot to surf. By the time they it out safely, the weather stops. The pups congraduate Toot, while Salty orders the cats to clean up Toot, much to their charging. They make it to the island and find Dogwood's ship partly wrecked but safe. While Salty and the pups go find Dogwood, Toot falls asleep and the cats use the rope to tie the captain's ship to Toot, because they think that there's sardines in the kitchen. They find Dogwood and wakes up, happy to see his kids and Salty. Suddenly the volcano starts to erupt and they get on Toot and sail out, whiles the cats manage to tie the ship and get toadded away. Lava blocks their way, but Toot has an idea. They put all the bubblegum in his mouth and he starts to blow a humongous bubble. They fly over the lava just in time. As they float back down, they all congraduate Little Toot saying there's still lots more for Little Toot and he replies that he'll never feel sorry for himself again. As for the cats, they try to find the sardines, only Dogwood to reveal that he threw them overboard to lighten the boat, much to the cats dismay. When Toot compromise that they might like the pickles they, Salty throws a fit refusing to share the pickles because he loves them then starts to talk out of control until he starts to laugh. Everyone begins to have a good laugh, except for the cats who decide eat what ever is let on the ship and depress that they don't have any sardines. As rest of gang laughs, they all head back to harbor to get ready for more adventures.

</doc>
<doc id="5978977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5978977" title="List of New Mexico amphibians">
List of New Mexico amphibians

This is a list of New Mexico amphibians: all frogs, toads, and salamanders native to the U.S. state of New Mexico.
New Mexico is a locale of extreme biomes, having mountain ranges down the east and west sides of the state, with forests in the west, desert in the central and eastern regions, and grasslands in the northeast near the border of Oklahoma. Despite its relatively, overall arid climate, it is home to a variety of amphibians.
New Mexico only protects a single species of amphibian, the Chiricahua Leopard Frog, "Rana chiricahuensis". It is considered to be a threatened species.
Toads.
True Toads.
Family Bufonidae (True Toads)
Narrowmouth Toads.
Family Microhylidae (Narrowmouth Toads)
Spadefoot Toads.
Family Pelobatidae (Spadefoot Toads)
Frogs.
Tree Frogs.
Family Hylidae (Tree Frogs)
Barking Frogs.
Family Leptodactylidae (Tropical Frogs)
True Frogs.
Family Ranidae (True Frogs)
Salamanders.
Mole Salamanders.
Family Ambystomatidae (Mole Salamanders)
Lungless Salamanders.
Family Plethodontidae (Lungless Salamanders)

</doc>
<doc id="5979001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979001" title="The Rumble Fish">
The Rumble Fish

Story.
The game takes place in the distant future during the 21st century. During the turn of the 21st century, a large-scale natural disaster tears through the eastern side of an unverified country, destroying its economical and political operations and taking a total of 158,000 lives. A prominent corporation in the series, called PROBE-NEXUS, moves its base of operations to the ruined east side and begins reconstructing the area. The rebuilt area flourishes again as it becomes a wealthy and busy city known as Zone Prime, which serves as the backdrop for many locales in the game.
In the underground of Zone Prime, PROBE-NEXUS also sponsors a tournament known as the Fight for Survival, or F.F.S., where fighters are gathered from the city's slums and compete for sport. The first Rumble Fish game follows the fifth F.F.S. tournament.
Gameplay.
The Rumble Fish uses a unique 2D fighting system with the ability to easily create combos. Weak attacks can easily chain into slower, stronger attacks, a common system shown in games like Guilty Gear and Melty Blood. There is also a button dedicated to multiple evasive maneuvers.
The game also introduces the division of the power gauge into Offense and Defense. Advanced techniques are available to the player, at the cost of either gauge.
Offense.
The Offense gauge fills as the player delivers attacks. As seen in its name, it is used to mount offensive attacks, such as super moves called Offensive Arts. Special techniques exclusive to this meter include the Jolt Attack, which is an unblockable attack that leaves the opponent vulnerable to potentially high-damaging combos, at the expense of a full Offense gauge.
Defense.
The Defense gauge is filled as the player receives and guards against attacks from the opponent. Super moves called Defensive Arts are available only to this gauge; though they are not often as strong as an Offensive Art, they can be used in tactical situations (for example, while guarding an attack or while lying prone on the ground) to stop an opponent's offense. An advanced technique that uses the Defense gauge is the Impact Break, which breaks a player's guard after successfully blocking an attack to allow a counter-offensive.
When both the Offense and Defense gauges are full, they merge into a Critical gauge. The benefits of both meters are still available, but each characters' strongest skill is only available at the Critical point.
A new graphics engine was used to animate the various limbs of each character separately, allowing for more fluid animation. This engine also allows the clothes of each character to rip from wear and tear as they take more damage throughout a match.
Other media.
Soundtrack.
"The Rumble Fish Original Soundtrack" (ザ・ランブルフィッシュ・オリジナル・サウンドトラック) was released on November 5, 2004 on ULF Records' sub-label, Sten och Flod. It was composed by Yusuke Kato. The game's theme song, "Stop Your Emotions," feature vocals by Mica, which are sampled for various songs on the soundtrack. The soundtrack also features a collection of voice clips from each character in the game and the announcer, as well as various sound effects.
Guidebook.
A "mook," or magazine-book, called "Undocumented the Rumble Fish ~Daremo Shiranakatta T.R.F.~" (Undocumented the Rumble Fish ～だれも知らなかったT.R.F.～) was published by Enterbrain and was an editorial collaboration between Arcadia Magazine, Sega Sammy Holdings, and Dimps. The publication features illustrations and concept art, background details about the game's characters and setting, and interviews and commentary from the game's staff, as well as technical data for each character.

</doc>
<doc id="5979010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979010" title="Elliptic unit">
Elliptic unit

In mathematics, elliptic units are certain units of abelian extensions of imaginary quadratic fields constructed using singular values of modular functions, or division values of elliptic functions. They were introduced by Gilles Robert in 1973, and were used by John Coates and Andrew Wiles in their work on the Birch–Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture. Elliptic units are an analogue for imaginary quadratic fields of cyclotomic units. They form an example of an Euler system.
A system of elliptic units may be constructed for an elliptic curve "E" with complex multiplication by the ring of integers "R" of an imaginary quadratic field "F". For simplicity we assume that "F" has class number one. Let a be an ideal of "R" with generator α. For a Weierstrass model of "E", define
where Δ is the discriminant and "x" is the X-coordinate on the Weierstrass model. The function Θ is independent of the choice of model, and is defined over the field of definition of "E". 
Let b be an ideal of "R" coprime to "a" and "Q" an "R"-generator of the b-torsion. Then Θa("Q") is defined over the ray class field "K"(b), and if b is not a prime power then Θa("Q") is a global unit: if b is a power of a prime p then Θa("Q") is a unit away from p.
The function Θa satisfies a "distribution relation" for b = (β) coprime to a:

</doc>
<doc id="5979014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979014" title="Talha ibn Tahir">
Talha ibn Tahir

Talha ibn Tahir (طلحة بن طاهر) (died 828) was the Tahirid governor of Khurasan from 822 until his death.
In 822 Tahir ibn Husayn, who had taken control of Khurasan the previous year, died. According to some reports, the caliph Al-Ma'mun at first supporting replacing him with Talha's brother Abdallah ibn Tahir al-Khurasani, but the latter was occupied with rebels in Al Jazira, so Talha was confirmed as governor of eastern Iran instead.
Talha's rule is mostly known for his campaigns in Sistan, another province under his rule, against the local Kharijites, who were led by a Hamza ibn Adharak. Fighting between the two continued until 828, when both Hamza and Talha died. Talha was succeeded in his post by his brother Abdallah.

</doc>
<doc id="5979024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979024" title="Cystatin">
Cystatin

The cystatins are a family of cysteine protease inhibitors which share a sequence homology and a common tertiary structure of an alpha helix lying on top of an anti-parallel beta strand. The family is subdivided as described below.
Cystatins show similarity to fetuins, kininogens, histidine-rich glycoproteins and cystatin-related proteins. 
Cystatins mainly inhibit peptidase enzymes (another term for "proteases") belonging to peptidase families C1 (papain family) and C13 (legumain family). They are known to mis-fold to form amyloid deposits and are implicated in several diseases.
Types.
The cystatin family includes:

</doc>
<doc id="5979025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979025" title="Vaalco Energy">
Vaalco Energy

VAALCO Energy Inc., (), is a small oil production company with annual revenues (2005) of $85 million. On July 25, 2004, VAALCO Energy was approved for listing on the American Stock Exchange (Amex). The common stock of the company was listed under the ticker symbol EGY on July 21. It is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "EGY".
VAALCO has a 30% interest in the 750,000 acre (3,000 km²) Etame Marin Block offshore Gabon, West Africa. Oil production from this property is the company's primary source of revenue.
Corporate governance.
Current members of the board of directors of VAALCO include: Robert L. Gerry III (CEO), Robert H. Allen, William S. Farish, O. Donaldson Chapoton, Luigi P. Caflisch, Arne R. Nielsen, and W. Russell Scheirman.
Environmental agreements.
VAALCO Energy claims to abide by laws both local and national, and also coincides with the International Finance Corporation environmental guidelines.1 On April 19, 2002, VAALCO signed a loan agreement with the International Finance Corporation. The agreement was to comply with certain limits and regulations on air emission levels, waste guidelines, and spill cleanup policies.1 (1 EdgarOnline: 3/8/2006 http://sec.edgar-online.com/2006/03/08/0001193125-06-048519/Section2.asp)

</doc>
<doc id="5979031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979031" title="Eringate – Centennial – West Deane">
Eringate – Centennial – West Deane

Eringate-Centennial-West Deane is a neighbourhood in the city of Toronto, Canada.
Location.
Eringate-Centennial-West Deane is a neighbourhood located in the north western corner of the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, in close proximity to Pearson Airport and Highway 427. It is bounded on the west by Centennial Park and golf course, to the north by Eglinton Avenue West, on the east by Martin Grove Road, and on the south by Rathburn Road. The neighbourhood itself is fairly large, and encompasses several communities including West Deane Park and Centennial Park.
History.
West Deane Park.
West Deane Park was farmland before the land was bought in the 1930s by construction magnate Percy Law. On the land, Law raised cattle and racehorses, kept a storage depot for construction equipment and built a Colonial Revival style home. In the 1960s the land was sold to developer, Edmund Peachey, who built much of the development. Peachey named the area West Deane Park after his wife, whose first name was Deane. Today the area is populated with a variety of income levels, backgrounds and housing types.
Vallengrove Park.
Vallengrove Park is a subdivision developed in 1961 between Wellesworth area and highway 27 by Vallen- Grove Developments. The three bedroom- one bath simple brick bungalows with garage on approx. fifty foot wide lots sold for approx. seventeen thousand dollars new. Their real estate value in 2011 sells from four hundred and seventy five thousand and up. It was marked in the early 1960s by a red brick entrance (West Deane still has its named entrance) at the then- connecting Birgitta Crescent- to the long-gone off entrance from the southbound service road of then Highway 27 (a farm house stood here right at the ramp), and leading into the suburb between that west of 27 towards Wellsworth Park, and halfway north along Odessa Ave. and as far as Renforth. That new area was built in 1961/ the older area further north along Odessa and out branching roads was built a few years earlier: wherever one sees the old wood hydro poles instead of concrete. Vallengrove Park was once farmland- cows bones were found by children digging around before all areas were paved and settled, and another farm was at the location of Catholic church-Nativity of Our Lord and was torn down at same time. When the 27 was expanded into the 427, the east loop homes of Summerfield Crescent were expropriated around 1967, and moved to Bramalea (they are now located on Epsom Downs Drive)- part of their front lawns can be seen today at the sound barrier wall. Wellsworth school was opened in 1960 when hundreds of tulips were given by Holland for planting- tulips are still grown there almost 50 years later. The area's high school was Vincent Massey Collegiate Institute. It closed in 1986 with a reunion there. The northern most part of The West Mall- an important and very busy artery today- ended as a bumpy, dirt bicycle path a short distance south of its intersection at Rathburn. The south end of that unfinished part continued to the edge of Burnhamthorpe, where Percy Bishop built the new Etobicore Mall across from the Shaver/Bishop farm house- then directly at the corner of Burnhamthorpe and The West Mall. Mr. Bishop gave land to Etobicoke in order for the road to be opened up, and had it built, around 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="5979045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979045" title="We Connect">
We Connect

"We Connect" is a song written by Willie Wilcox recorded by Stacey Q for her album "Better Than Heaven" from which it was released as a single in November 1986. The follow-up to the hit "Two of Hearts", "We Connect" matched its predecessor's #1 position on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales chart but was less successful as a Pop crossover reaching #35 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in March 1987 when it reached #45 on the "Cash Box" Top 100 Singles chart. "We Connect" was promoted on the 31 January 1987 "The Facts of Life" episode "A Star is Torn" in which Stacey Q reprised the role of Cinnamon from the 1 November 1986 "Off Broadway Baby" episode of "The Facts of Life" on which "Two of Hearts" had been promoted. "We Connect" was issued as a single release in several territories where "Two of Hearts" had been a hit with impact evident only in Australia where "We Connect" matched the #7 peak of "Two of Hearts".

</doc>
<doc id="5979048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979048" title="Appeal to the Great Spirit">
Appeal to the Great Spirit

Appeal to the Great Spirit is a 1909 equestrian statue by Cyrus Dallin, at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. It was the last in his four-piece series, "The Epic of the Indian". A statuette of it is in the permanent collection of the White House, and decorated President Bill Clinton's Oval Office.
History.
Dallin, a native of Utah, had a large amount of interaction with Native American children while growing up. This provided him with unique insights that he was to call upon while creating this, and other, works. The actual model who posed for the sculpture was Antonio Corsi, an Italian, who modeled for the great painters and sculptors of the era. 
In 1909, the sculpture was cast in Paris, and won a gold medal for its exhibition in the Paris Salon. On January 23, 1912, it was installed outside the main entrance to the Boston Museum of Fine Arts. A restoration of the Boston version was reversed at Dallin's request because he preferred the light green tones that had developed on the equestrian sculpture over time rather than the typical "statuary brown" patina the conservator applied prior to consulting him.
Smaller versions.
An edition of nine 40-inch bronzes of the statue was produced about 1922. One example stands as the centerpiece of the Tower Room of Dartmouth College's Baker Tower, the college's main library and most iconic building. Another is in Muncie, Indiana, in the "Y" of the intersection of Walnut and Granville streets , and is considered by many residents to be a symbol of Muncie. A plaster example in this size is at the Cyrus Dallin Museum in Arlington, Massachusetts, and another is in the Rockwell Museum of Western Art in Corning, New York. Central High School in Tulsa, Oklahoma possesses another plaster example, which was used, in 1985, as the model for a bronze version. The casting was done by American Artbronze Fine Arts Foundry under the direction of Howard R. Kirsch. The bronze is now installed in Woodward Park in Tulsa, Oklahoma, at the intersection of 21st Street and Peoria.
Examples of the 21-inch bronze statuette are at the White House, the U.S. Department of State, and many American museums. 
An 8-1/2-inch miniature edition was produced by the Gorham Manufacturing Company in 1913; in 2009, No. 263 sold for $9,375.

</doc>
<doc id="5979062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979062" title="Scout Activity Centre (The Scout Association)">
Scout Activity Centre (The Scout Association)

A Scout Activity Centre is a campsite, hostel or conference centre of The Scout Association. They offer outdoor facilities and activities for the whole of the Scout Association and, in some cases, for other organisations. The campsites typically have capacity for hundreds of Scouts simultaneously, including buildings, camping pitches, fireplaces, etc.
The Scout Association has always owned numerous campsites and other buildings. They were mostly run by local groups or departments. In 2004, the Scout Association reduced their number of nationally administered Scout Activity Centres from some twenty to four, by divesting sites to the entities that are locally involved. There are now nine National Scout Activity Centres:
Two sites, Great Tower in the Lake District and Woodhouse Park near the mouth of the River Severn became national centres on 1 April 2011.
Baden-Powell House.
Baden-Powell House is a Scouting hostel and conference centre in South Kensington, London, which was built as a tribute to Lord Baden-Powell, the founder of Scouting. From 1974 to 2001, Baden-Powell House was the headquarters of The Scout Association.
Downe Scout Activity Centre.
Downe Scout Activity Centre was originally a camp site for Scouts from London, being controlled from 1987 by Greater London South East Scouts. In 2005, the site became one of the National Scout Activity Centres under the direct control of The Scout Association.
Ferny Crofts Scout Activity Centre.
Ferny Crofts Scout Activity Centre in Hampshire is a new centre, having been recognised as one only recently. Located in the New Forest, it contains 23 campsites, 3 accommodation units and many activities.
Gilwell Park.
Gilwell Park, as well as being a Scout Activity Centre and Scout Conference Centre, is both a national and international Leader Training Centre. As Scout Leaders from all countries of the world have come to Gilwell Park for their Wood Badge training, it is one of the landmarks of the world Scouting movement. It is now the headquarters of The Scout Association.
Great Tower Activity Centre.
Great Tower Activity Centre is located on the eastern shore of Windermere in the Lake District National Park and the Cumbria Scout Association County. The site covers an area of .
Hawkhirst Scout Activity Centre.
Hawkhirst Scout Activity Centre is a Scout Activity Centre on the shore of Kielder Water in Kielder Forest in Northumberland.
Woodhouse Park.
Woodhouse Park is sited in South Gloucestershire overlooking the Severn crossings. The site has five large camping fields, and two buildings which can be used for accommodation or training purposes. Woodhouse Park offers a large range of activities, either on site or nearby. Site hosted activities include Abseiling, Pioneering, Tracking, Climbing, Archery, and Air Rifles. Off-site activities include Sailing, Kayaking, and Caving.
Youlbury Scout Activity Centre.
Youlbury Scout Activity Centre is a Scout Activity Centre near Oxford. It is the oldest permanent Scout campsite in the world.
Yr Hafod.
Yr Hafod is a Scout Activity Centre and the Welsh Scout Council's Mountaineering Training Centre based in the Nant Ffrancon Pass in Snowdonia, Wales. The name Yr Hafod is Welsh for Summer house and the scouts of Wales opened the training centre in 1959, with Bill Tilman performing the opening ceremony. Its main purpose is to train scouts and their leaders in mountaineering, and it hosts summer and winter courses each year.

</doc>
<doc id="5979064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979064" title="Mastermind (comics)">
Mastermind (comics)

Mastermind, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5979066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979066" title="William Holmes Brown">
William Holmes Brown

William Holmes Brown (3 September 1929 – 27 May 2001) was the Parliamentarian of the United States House of Representatives from 1974 to 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="5979067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979067" title="Leupeptin">
Leupeptin

Leupeptin, also known as "N"-acetyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-argininal, is a naturally occurring protease inhibitor that can inhibit cysteine, serine and threonine peptidases.
It is often used during "in vitro" experiments when a specific enzymatic reaction is being studied. When cells are lysed for these studies, proteases, many of which are contained within lysosomes, are released. These proteases, if freely present in the lysate, would destroy any products from the reaction being studied, and make the experiment uninterpretable. For example, leupeptin could be used in a calpain extraction to keep calpain from being hydrolyzed by specific proteases. The suggested concentration is 1-10 µM (0.5-5 µg/ml).
Leupeptin is an organic compound produced by actinomycetes, which inhibits serine, cysteine and threonine proteases. Leupeptin inhibits serine proteinases (trypsin (Ki=3.5 nM), plasmin (Ki= 3.4 nM), porcine kallikrein), and cysteine proteinases (papain, cathepsin B (Ki = 4.1 nM), endoproteinase Lys-C). It does not inhibit α-chymotrypsin or thrombin. Leupeptin is a competitive transition state inhibitor and its inhibition may be relieved by an excess of substrate.
Leupeptin is soluble in water (stable for 1 week at 4 °C and 1 month at −20 °C), ethanol, acetic acid and DMF.
It can be given topically for middle and inner ear infections.

</doc>
<doc id="5979072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979072" title="Lyubomir Neikov">
Lyubomir Neikov

Lyubomir Neikov (; born 7 February 1972 in Cherven Briag) is a Bulgarian comedian and actor . He is known for his work on television and in the theatre. He graduated from the Technical School of electrical engineering and later he graduated from NATFIZ in 1998, specializing in Doll Acting. In 1998 he started working on "Slavi's Show", where he was part of "The Actor Trio" together with Krasi Radkov and Viktor Kalev. He portrayed many different characters on the show, including The MC Pharaoh and Bate Boiko. In 2006 he quit the show and the trio disintegrated. In 2007 he started his own show named "Komitsite" (Bulgarian:"Комиците") ("The Comedians" - in English) with the famous Bulgarian actors Hristo Garbov, Chrastio Lafazanov and Ruslan Muynov. This show is in competition with Slavi's Show - the same show where Neykov worked before.
Neikov played the role of Omar Sharif in the 2008 political satire War, Inc., starring John Cusack, Marisa Tomei, Hilary Duff, Ben Kingsley, Joan Cusack and Dan Aykroyd.

</doc>
<doc id="5979075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979075" title="Fiji Football Association">
Fiji Football Association

The Fiji Football Association is the governing body of football in Fiji. It came into existence in 1961, replacing the ethnically based Fiji Indian Football Association. The Indian Association was formed in 1938 but football in Fiji had a much humbler beginning.
First football game in Fiji.
Football started to be played in Fiji ever since the arrival of Europeans in Fiji and establishment of towns like Levuka where significant numbers of sports enthusiasts could congregate and socialise with a friendly game. Missionaries, who established schools in Fiji, introduced football as part of the school program and football was being played in schools as early as 1889. The Suva Soccer Football Club was formed in 1905, made up of European employees of the Government and businesses and similar clubs existed in Nausori and Levuka. In 1910, a team representing Suva played a match against a team representing Nausori. Crew of visiting naval ships also entertained themselves with friendly games of football with local teams. In 1910 a team from Suva played a game against a team from "HMS Powerful" and won 3 goals to 1. In 1914, a team from Suva played against a team from "HMS Torch", at Albert Park, and won by 2 goals to nil.
Native Fijian football.
Fijian teams started playing competitive football in 1924. The first Fijian Inter-District Tournament was played at Nasau Park, Levuka, during celebrations marking the golden jubilee of Cession in 1924. Teams played for the Ricarnie Cup which was won by the Sawani team from Naitasiri. The following year, Bau won the cup. Players played the game barefoot and relied on speed and stamina. Other teams to compete in the tournament were Shamrock from Suva, Kadavu (from Suva), Lomaiviti (from Suva) and Ovalau (from Levuka).
Meanwhile football was also being played by Fijians in Lautoka. A Friday and Saturday league was organised at the Veitari Grounds and teams that took part were Namoli, Vitogo, Vakabuli, Saru, Yalobi (from Waya), Kadavu, Vanua Levu and Topline. The Namoli Native Soccer Club won the league nine times in a row between 1941 and 1949. A prominent member of the club was Ratu Meli Qoro, who also acted as an official and referee at tournaments. He had learnt to play football at the local Methodist Mission Primary school. In the northern division, football was played between the Wainikoro and Waibula District Fijian Schools in 1938.
The success of Fijians at rugby, tempered their enthusiasm for football and the physical nature of rugby appealed to them and gradually organised football amongst the Fijians died out.
Fiji Indians take up football.
Schools run by missionaries, also taught students to play football. Brother Mark, a Marist missionary from New Zealand introduced football to Marist Brothers Indian School in Toorak, Suva and organised games with students from other schools. As the students grew up and left school, they started playing football socially on their own.
When the Colonial Sugar Refining Company(CSR) set up sugar mills in Fiji it also set aside land for recreational activities. Some mill managers actively encouraged workers and farmers to play the game. The Nausori mill manager provided a full sized playing field in 1925 and in the 1930s erected temporary enclosure to enable the collection of entrance fees during tournaments. In Ba, the mill manager provided a trophy, in the 1930s, for the local league competition. In 1930, the Governor made available two playing fields in Suva for use in football competitions. In 1922, the Sunshine Club was established in Suva and the "Sitare Hind" (Stars of India) club established in Rewa. These two teams played each other on a regular basis. Gradually other teams, like Morning Star, Nausori Central, Vuci and Wainibokasi, were established in Rewa and played at the Dilkusha Grounds. There were also four teams in Suva who played at the Marist Brothers School grounds in Toorak.
The first football association.
The Indian Reform League was the first to form an association to organise football in Fiji. The league was made up educated Fiji Indians and many of its members had links to the Christian churches in Fiji. In addition to football, it also organised cricket, hockey and lawn-tennis. In December 1927, the league organised a schools football competition at Albert Park. Schools that took part in it were Methodist Mission School, Marist Brothers School, Munivatu Indian School and Islamia School. Buoyed by the success of this tournament, the league met on 22 January 1928 and formed a Football Association committee. The editor of the monthly Hindi/English magazine, "Vriddhi", Dr I.H. Beattie donated a trophy and the first competition was organised on 26 May 1928 at the Marist Brothers School ground. The teams that took part were Indian Reform League Football Club, Toorak Service Club, Dilkusha Excelsior Football Club, Rewa Football Club and the Union Club. Dilkusha Excelsior won the competition for the first three years. In 1936, the association was renamed, the Suva Football Association. The number of teams grew to 8 in 1936, 16 in 1945 and 41 in 1958 with competition being organised in senior, reserve, intermediate and junior grades.
Football associations around Fiji.
Rewa started its own league in 1928 and the Rewa United Football Club was formed to take part in the Vriddhi Cup Tournament. The other team from Rewa was the Dilkusha Excelsior. In 1937 the Rewa Indian Football Association was formed. In Ba, efforts by Pundit Ami Chandra, with support from CSR led to the formation of the Ba Indian Football Association in 1935. The local league had four teams in 1940. In Lautoka, John Bairangi led the formation of the Lautoka Soccer Football Association in 1934. Initially there were two teams, Namoli Indian Sports and Service. Levuka had an organised local competition in 1932 and these clubs formed the Levuka Indian Soccer Association in 1938. The Nadi Indian Soccer Association was formed in 1937 with four teams: Koronubu, Sabeto, Bhartiya and Vutualevu. From 1940 the football playing districts of the western division, played for the Caine’s Cup.
Fiji Indian Football Association.
The formation of Fiji Indian Football Association was proposed by Arthur Stanley Farebrother, a Suva businessman. As the teams from Suva, Rewa, Ba, Levuka and Lautoka gathered in Suva for an inter-district tournament, a meeting was organised on 8 October 1938 in the office of A.S. Farebrother and Company and the Fiji Indian Football Association was formed to organise and control football in Fiji. A.S. Farebrother was its first President. The first inter-district football tournament was held in Suva on 9 and 10 October 1938 for the Lloyd - Farebother trophy donated by Lloyd and Company and A.S. Farebrother and Company. Rewa won the first competition by defeating Ba by 3 goals to 2.
The constitution of the Association was adopted at a meeting in Lautoka on 22 April 1939. The following year Nadi, Nadroga and Rakiraki also joined the Association. During the war years there was no dampening of interest in football in Fiji, which saw the domination of the inter-district competition by three teams: Rewa (which won in 1938, 1939, 1943 & 1944), Suva (which won in 1940 & 1945) and Lautoka (which won in 1941 & 42). In 1943 Navua and Tailevu/Naitasiri also joined the Association and Taveuni joined in 1947. In 1958, when the association celebrated its 21st inter-district tournament, 14 districts took part.
Competitions organised.
From 1942, Suva and Rewa played yearly for the King Irving Cup. From 1949 all teams in the southern district played for the McIlwain Cup. In the west, the regional competition continued for the new Lautoka General Transport Trophy, until 1977. The Fiji Secondary Schools Soccer Association was formed in 1950 and from 1951 regular secondary school competitions have been organised. These tournaments were dominated by Natabua High School of Lautoka, Xavier College of Ba, Shri Vivekananda High School of Nadi and DAV Boys, Indian High and Marist of Suva. In 1975, the Fiji Primary Schools Soccer Association was formed to organise competitions for primary school students.
Lautoka dominated Fiji football in the late fifties by winning three inter-district tournaments in a row (1957–1959) and four North-West Tournaments in a row (1957–1960). It also had numerous wins against Suva for the annual Pala Cup and against Ba for the Sugar Cup.
Formation of multi-racial association.
After many years of discussion, and stiff opposition from some quarters, it was decided in August 1961 to remove the word “Indian” from the title of the Fiji Indian Football Association, thus forming the Fiji Football Association – a truly multiracial and national body. With this new status Fiji’s football team participated in first South Pacific Games held in Suva in 1963. The opening up of football to all races saw teams like Ba immediately benefiting from the new arrangement. Football in Ba had long enjoyed support from the Fijian community and Ba soon had some good and famous Fijians playing in its team. Suva’s multiracial population also provided early opportunity for people of other races to join the football competitions.
Football in Fiji in the sixties.
Football in Fiji was dominated by the Ba team in the sixties. In the sixties Ba won the inter-district football tournament five times, the last three in a row from 1966 to 1968. Ba also won the North-west football tournament and the Sugar Cup. In 1968, the Fiji Football Association adopted a two tier system where Ba, Labasa, Lautoka, Nadi, Rakiraki, Rewa, Sigatoka and Suva were placed in division A and Levuka, Tailevu-Naitasiri, Tailevu North, Savusavu, Taveuni and Navua were placed in division B. Division B competed for the Fiji Football Association Cup, won for the first time by Levuka. At the end of the season there were promotion-relegation matches. In 1969 the inter-district football tournament was held in Labasa for the first time and Nadi won the trophy for the first time.
Football in Fiji in the seventies.
In the 1970s, the association was able to convince town councils to build permanent seating structures and grounds for football and by the late nineties all A division teams, except two had such facilities. From 1976 pool play was introduced into the inter-district football tournament. Regular district level competitions were organised with the formation of the National League in 1977. The Battle of Giants tournament started in 1978. A Girmit Tournament was organised in 1979 to celebrate the centenary of the arrival of the Indians.
Football in Fiji in the eighties.
In 1980, the Fiji Football Association acquired its own building, which is being used as an administration centre. For the first time since 1938, the inter-district football tournament was not held in 1987. This was due to uncertainties following the coup and restrictions on playing football on Sundays. 1988 was the golden jubilee year for the association as football in Fiji learnt to perform under the new post-coup conditions.
The nineties and beyond.
Football is now well established in Fiji with people of all races taking part. Facilities for players have been greatly improved and the Fiji national side regularly takes part in international tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="5979085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979085" title="Lionello Levi Sandri">
Lionello Levi Sandri

Lionello Levi Sandri (Milan, 5 October 1910 – Rome, 14 April 1991) was an Italian politician and European Commissioner.
Upon completing his education in 1932, Levi Sandri entered a career as a civil servant in the Italian employment administration and was promoted to high-ranking posts at a young age. In 1940 he became a lecturer in industrial law at the University of Rome. In the same year, he served in North Africa in the Second World War. Following the armistice on 8 September 1943 and the related events, however, he chose to join the resistance movement against Benito Mussolini, where he came to lead the partisan formation “Fiamme Verdi” (Green Flames) in the Brescia region.
After the war Levi Sandri became involved in the Italian Socialist Party (PSI). From 1946 to 1950 he was a member of the town council for Brescia. From 1948 he was a member of the party executive committee at a regional level. Moreover, he was the chief of staff in the Italian Ministry for Employment.
He later advocated the formation of the Party of European Socialists.
He was appointed to the first European Commission in December 1960 (or February 1961) as the successor to Giuseppe Petrilli in the Hallstein Commission and was responsible for the Social Affairs portfolio, in addition to overseas states and territories. He supported the equalisation of work and social rights between the EEC states. He continued as a member of the second Hallstein Commission (1962–1967), where he was a Vice-president from 1964, and as a member of the Rey Commission from 1967 to 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="5979088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979088" title="Chronicon Salernitanum">
Chronicon Salernitanum

The Chronicon Salernitanum, or "Salerno Chronicle", is an anonymous 10th century chronicle of the history of the Principality of Salerno. It was probably written around 990 (or 974) and has been attributed to Radoald of Salerno, Abbot of San Benedetto, by Huguette Taviani-Carozzi. It "has some claims to literary merit" and the "matter is good despite the lack of critical ability which disfigures the work," according to the Catholic Encyclopedia.

</doc>
<doc id="5979089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979089" title="Hermann Uhde">
Hermann Uhde

Hermann Uhde (July 20, 1914–October 10, 1965) was a German Wagnerian bass-baritone. He was born in Bremen and died on stage of a heart attack during a performance in Copenhagen. 
He studied in his hometown, where he gave his début in 1936. During the war, he sang in Munich and at the opera of The Hague (then occupied by German troops). He sang at the Salzburg Festival from 1949 on (singing the role of Kreon in the premiere of Carl Orff's "Antigonae"), at the Bayreuth Festival from 1951 on and at the Metropolitan Opera from 1955 to 1964.
He began as a low, dark bass, and later moved up to baritone. He continued singing low bass roles occasionally, such as the Grand Inquisitor from "Don Carlos".
The cutting quality of his voice and diction lead to him being cast in villainous roles at the Bayreuth Festival, such as Telramund and Klingsor, or in morally ambiguous roles such as Wotan, Gunther or the title role in "Flying Dutchman". In spite of being a famous singer, he often also sang small roles such as Donner in "Das Rheingold", Melot in "Tristan und Isolde", the Grand Inquisitor in "Don Carlos", and Shchelkalov in "Boris Godunov". In the United States, he created a sensation at the Metropolitan Opera in his debut title role as Wozzeck, with Eleanor Steber singing Marie. 
He often shared stages with Hans Hotter, playing Donner to Hotter's Wotan.
External links.
Brünnhilde: Astrid Varnay; Siegfried: Bernd Aldenhoff; Hagen: Ludwig Weber; Alberich: Heinrich Pflanzl; Gunther: Hermann Uhde; Gutrune: Martha Mödl;
Dirigent: Hans Knappertsbusch Festspielhaus; Bayreuth, 04. August 1951

</doc>
<doc id="5979095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979095" title="Tattoo (1981 film)">
Tattoo (1981 film)

Tattoo is a 1981 thriller film directed by Bob Brooks and starring Bruce Dern and Maud Adams. The film was nominated for a Razzie Awards for Worst Actor for Dern. 
Plot.
Karl Kinsky (Dern) is a mentally ill tattoo artist who is hired to create temporary tattoos for some models. He becomes obsessed with one of them, Maddy (Adams), and kidnaps her in order to force her to wear "his mark". He keeps her captive as he creates his masterpiece on her body. Throughout the ensuing captivity, Maddy tries several times to escape, but her attempts are continually thwarted by Kinsky.

</doc>
<doc id="5979108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979108" title="Catherine Fulop">
Catherine Fulop

Catherine Amanda Fulop García (born March 11, 1965) is a Venezuelan actress, model, beauty pageant contestant, and television presenter with both Venezuelan and Argentine citizenship. She participated in the Miss Venezuela 1986, finishing as the fourth runner–up. Fulop has since launched a successful acting career throughout Latin America, most notably on television.
From 2002 to 2008, she hosted her own television show "Catherine 100%" on the FOX Sports. Fulop also participated in "Bailando por un sueño", an Argentine version of "Dancing With the Stars" in 2007, and was one of three judges of "Argentina's Got Talent" from 2008 to 2011. Internationally, she is probably the best known for her performance as Sonia Rey in the coming–of–age series "Rebelde Way", directed and produced by Cris Morena.
Fulop was married to fellow actors Fernando Carrillo, her "Abigaíl", "Passionflower" and "Pretty Face" co–star, from 1990 to 1994. Since 1998, she has been married to Osvaldo Sabatini, the brother of former Argentine tennis player Gabriela Sabatini, and they have two daughters, Oriana Gabriela and Tiziana Beatriz.
Personal and media life.
Fulop was born as Catherine Amanda Fulop García on March 11, 1965, in Caracas, Venezuela. She is the fifth of eight children of Venezuelan Cleopatra García and Hungarian Jorge Fulop, and has six sisters and one brother. In an interview for Argentine magazine "Gente" in 2005, Fulop stated she "had had so many ex–boyfriends that she had lost count of them". In 1990, she married actor Fernando Carrillo, with whom she starred in "Abigaíl" (1988), "Passionflower" (1990) and "Pretty Face" (1994). They divorced in 1994, with Fulop accusing Carrillo he had been unfaithful.
Fulop married Osvaldo Sabatini, the brother of former Argentine tennis player Gabriela Sabatini in 1998. The couple has two daughters, Oriana Gabriela (born April 19, 1996) and Tiziana Beatriz (born June 1, 1999). Fulop and Sabatini briefly separated in 2001, but eventually reconciled. The family currently resides in Buenos Aires.
Fulop has been regarded as a sex symbol in Argentina. In 2006, she stated she had refused an offer from "Playboy" "because of her parents".

</doc>
<doc id="5979109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979109" title="Fraser Canyon War">
Fraser Canyon War

The Fraser Canyon War, also known as the Canyon War or the Fraser River War, was an incident between the Nlaka'pamux people and white miners in the newly declared Colony of British Columbia, which later became part of Canada, in 1858. It occurred during the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush, which brought a large number of white settlers to the Fraser Canyon area. Largely ignored by Canadian historians, it was one of the seminal events of the founding of the colony. Although it ended relatively peaceably, it was a major test of the new administration's control over the goldfields, which were distant and difficult to access from the centre of colonial authority at Victoria in the Colony of Vancouver Island (New Westminster had recently been surveyed as the "de jure" capital, but the "de facto" capital was in Victoria, where the Governor was located).
Combatants.
British troops were not involved, and only arrived on scene once the war was over. The combatants of the war were six hastily assembled regiments of irregulars mustered from the goldfields around Yale, British Columbia and the Nlaka'pamux people of the Fraser Canyon upstream from there. The militias, or "companies", were formed mostly of Americans but including German and French mercenaries who had served in Nicaragua, as had some of the Americans. The Nlaka'pamux, usually known in English as the Thompson or Hakamaugh (an attempt at pronouncing "Nlaka'pamux"), also were known as the Couteau or "Knife" Indians, partly as a result of this war (their region, the middle Fraser Canyon and Thompson Canyon, also appears on period maps as "the Couteau Country", which may also be a reference to the serrated benchlands lining the rivers' canyons). The name "Kootomin" also appears on very early maps showing routes to the goldfields. Enlisted to the Nlaka'pamux side, but not seeing combat, were allied warriors from the Secwepemc, Nicola, Okanagan and other tribes. The Nlaka'pamux of the lower Canyon, notably the Spuzzum people, as well as the St'at'imc and peoples, remained "friendly Indians".
War.
The war was precipitated when the Nlaka'pamux retaliated for the rape of one of their young women, allegedly by French miners, in the area of Kanaka Bar. Their bodies were decapitated and sent down-river, eventually circling in a large eddy near the town of Yale, the main commercial centre of the rush, alarming the thousands of miners lining the riverbanks between there and Kanaka Bar. Due to the reputation of the Nlaka'pamux, the riverbanks north of Yale were emptied, as miners in the thousands fled south to the relative safety of Spuzzum and Yale. 
Meetings were held by the miners, most of whom had been in the California gold rush but were a diverse lot of men from all over the world. Of the six regiments hastily organized to respond to the war, one named the Austrian Company, captained by a John Centras, was composed of French and German irregulars who had served with the William Walker filibustering campaign in Nicaragua in 1853, and had relocated to the California goldfields afterwards, following the other Californian miners northwards to Yale when news of the Fraser rush reached San Francisco (many of the Americans in the goldfields had also served in Walker's rebellion). Another regiment, the Whatcom Company, was formed of mostly southerners under the command of Captain Graham. This regiment was of the "a good Indian is a dead Indian" persuasion and was bent on a war of extermination. The Whatcom Company's name was taken from that of the Whatcom Trail, which traversed what is now Whatcom County, Washington State from Bellingham Bay on Puget Sound, and which was used in open defiance of the British colonial administration's edict that access to the goldfields be made from Victoria and via steamboat from there "only"; in other words, their name implicitly indicated their annexationist sentiments.
The largest and most influential company formed in the chaotic situation was the New York Pike Guards, led by a Captain Snyder , who swayed the assembled miners' committees for a war of pacification, rather than a war of extermination as was the wish of Captain Graham and others. . Snyder proposed that a distinction be made between warlike and friendly Indians, and messengers should be sent up the Canyon ahead of the advancing companies for friendly natives to display a white flag as a sign of peace. 
The war parties left Yale and progressed to Spuzzum, where the companies found 3000 panicked miners encamped in a small area near the native rancherie, worried for their safety but unable to proceed any further south. Snyder's and Centras' companies crossed to the east side of the river at this point, which was one of the only viable crossings, with Snyder sending Graham's group up the west side of the river.
The New York and Austrian Companies met no resistance on the journey north, and sent messages forward to Camchin, the ancient Nlaka'pamux "capital" at the confluence of the Fraser and Thompson Rivers (today's town of Lytton), that they were coming to parley peace, not make war. Meanwhile, Graham and his men rampaged up the west bank of the Canyon, destroying native food caches and potato fields but otherwise encountering only a few natives, most of whom had withdrawn into the deep mountain valleys flanking the canyon as refuge. The Whatcom Company were wiped out in a night-time gun-battle, witnessed by the other companies encamped across the river at the time . This was not due to native attack, but rather to a panicked reaction to a rifle falling over and misfiring, causing a melee from which only two or three men survived, as all the rest died shooting at each other in the dark. 
At Camchin, the assembled leaders of the Nlaka'pamux and allies from the Secwepemc (Shuswap) and Okanagan peoples held council. The Nlaka'pamux war leader tried to incite the assembled warriors to wipe out the white men once and for all, but the Camchin chief Cxpentlum (known commonly in English as Spintlum, or David Spintlum), had good relations with Governor James Douglas and argued for peaceful co-existence.
Snyder and Centras marched into the midst of the Nlaka'pamux war council undaunted; if they had known about the thousands of warriors watching from the surrounding mountainsides they might not have been so bold. As per native custom, they were given the right to speak, presumably speaking through translators, and told the assembled natives that if the war were to continue, white men by the thousands would come and occupy the country and destroy all the natives forever (true enough). In their own notes they presumed it was because they showed the natives their more-modern rifles (most natives, if they had firearms, had only muskets and carbines) and thought that this had persuaded them to make peace. In reality, the decision to make peace had already just been arrived at, as the native account has shown, but it is probable that the notion that it would be impossible to wipe out "all" white men helped persuade any chiefs sitting on the fence to take the side of the peace-maker Cxpentlum.
Six treaties were made that day, known as the Snyder Treaties, none of which has survived either in print or oral form, dealing with the co-existence in the Canyon and the working of the goldfields lining it. (Natives were the first to mine gold on the Thompson, and remained active miners throughout the rush.)
Aftermath.
No formal figures of the dead from the Fraser Canyon War exist, and much hyperbole has been made by both sides. Estimates of the white dead range from several dozen to several hundred or even thousands; some say the native casualties were extreme. 
Just after the war parties' return to Yale, Governor Douglas and a contingent of Royal Engineers arrived to take control of what was feared to have been a situation that could easily have led to a war not only of extermination, but also of annexation. Douglas had already been mortified that miners' committees had been established and the "California system" of claims had been implemented, without his say-so and outside the bounds of British law. He was even more mortified to discover that Snyder and Centras, without a mandate, had proceeded to make treaties with the natives, which was under British law entirely the jurisdiction of the Crown. He admonished the Americans, but they were conciliatory and swore to abide by the Queen's laws henceforth. 
It was during this visit that the stage was set for the impending McGowan's War fiasco, as it was during this visit that the justices for Yale and Hill's Bar (Whannell and Perrier, respectively) were appointed by Douglas, who had no idea of their real characters and the consequences these appointments would all too quickly bring to local politics. Also accompanying the Governor on his steamboat journey to Yale on this occasion was one Ned McGowan, known as "the notorious" or as "the ubiquitous", whose presence would precipitate the subsequent series of improbable events known as McGowan's War later in the winter.

</doc>
<doc id="5979113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979113" title="History of rock climbing">
History of rock climbing

Although the "practice" of rock climbing was an important component of Victorian mountaineering in the Alps, it is generally thought that the "sport" of rock climbing began in the last quarter of the 19th century in at least three areas: Elbe Sandstone Mountains in Saxony near Dresden, the Lake District of England, and the Dolomites in Italy. Rock climbing evolved gradually from an alpine necessity to an athletic sport in its own right, making it imprudent to cite a primogenitor of the latter in each of these three locales. Nevertheless, there is some general agreement on the following:
As rock climbing matured, a variety of grading systems were created in order to more accurately compare relative difficulties of climbs. Over the years both climbing techniques and the equipment climbers use to advance the sport have evolved in a steady fashion.

</doc>
<doc id="5979118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979118" title="David Elliott (poet)">
David Elliott (poet)

David Lloyd ("Smoky") Elliott (1923–1999) was a Canadian poet.
Born in Garnish, Newfoundland and Labrador, Elliott grew up in a number of Newfoundland fishing outports, but spent most of his youth in Campbellton, Notre Dame Bay. He left school at age fifteen to become a telegraph operator and later served in World War II. In his memoir, "A Soldier First", General Rick Hillier, retired Chief of Defence Staff of the Canadian Forces, recalls borrowing books from David Elliott while a boy growing up in Campbellton, and recounts the story that Elliott served in military intelligence during the Second World War.
Elliott entered Memorial University of Newfoundland at the age of 25, where he won numerous scholarships and awards, graduating with a first-class degree in English Language and Literature. Following studies in psychology at Dalhousie University in Halifax, he worked for a time as a clinical psychologist in St. John's, and then as an editor with the Queen's Printer in Ottawa before returning to Memorial as a Ph.D. student in the early 1970s. In 1975, Elliott joined the faculty of the Sir Wilfred Grenfell College campus of Memorial University, where he taught until his retirement in 1989.
After an initial burst of creativity, Elliott wrote little between the late 1950s and the late 1970s. Soon after his appointment to the English faculty at Grenfell College, however, inspired by an ambience that encouraged creative writing, he started to publish new poetry in literary magazines and anthologies, and began to receive invitations to read his work publicly. In 1982, a studio recording of him reading his poetry was included on the vinyl disc, "Newfoundland Poets, Vol. 1" (Pigeon Inlet Productions). In 1988, his poetry was collected in "The Edge of Beulah" (St. John's: Breakwater Books). Elliott was one of the original performers at the literary festival, The March Hare, established in Corner Brook in the late 1980s, and in 1995 he was the first person to be honoured in having the festival for that year dedicated in his name, a practice that has since become an annual feature of the event.
One of Elliott's early poems was "Didymus on Saturday". Awarded first prize in the Newfoundland Arts and Letters Competition in 1954, it became one of the most anthologized contemporary Newfoundland poems. In it, Elliott portrays the apostle Thomas's disillusionment the day after the Crucifixion. An apparently simple narrative is complicated by language, which underscores the naked humanity of all the characters, and by point of view, which, in locating the monologue on the day between Christ's death and his resurrection, shows it to be time-limited. Having seen Christ walk to death between two thieves, "A little man whose face was cracked with fear, / And a tall man whose eyes were dull with doom", Thomas is overcome with biting shame for having believed easily. The poem ends in abandonment and despair as Thomas resolves to leave "this gray Jerusalem / where he lies sleeping in the hollowed stone, / Never to come into his kingdom now."

</doc>
<doc id="5979134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979134" title="Tea for Two (film)">
Tea for Two (film)

Tea for Two is a 1950 American musical film directed by David Butler. The screenplay by Harry Clork and William Jacobs was inspired by the 1925 stage musical "No, No Nanette", although the plot was changed considerably from the original book by Otto Harbach and Frank Mandel, and the score by Harbach, Irving Caesar, and Vincent Youmans was augmented with tunes by other composers.
Plot.
Set in the Roaring Twenties, the story centers on Nanette Carter (Doris Day), a Westchester socialite with show business aspirations. She offers to invest $25,000 in a Broadway show if her boyfriend, producer Larry Blair (Billy De Wolfe), casts her in the starring role. What she doesn't realize is Larry is two-timing her with ingenue Beatrice Darcy (Patrice Wymore), who he envisions as the lead. When he accepts Nanette's offer, she imposes upon her wealthy, penny-pinching uncle, J. Maxwell Bloomhaus (S.Z. Sakall), to lend her the money. 
He's willing to do so, on one condition - for the next 24 hours, his niece must answer "no" to every question she's asked. Comic complications ensue when the cast arrives at Nanette's estate to rehearse, and composer and pianist Jimmy Smith, who has romantic designs on the girl, falls victim to the bet she's made with her uncle. Nanette wins, only to discover Uncle Max has lost all his money in the stock market crash. The only person still solvent is attorney William Early (Bill Goodwin), and Nanette's assistant Pauline Hastings (Eve Arden) sets out to charm him into backing the show.
Production.
The film was the first in which Doris Day received top billing and marked the first time she danced on-screen.
This was director Butler and leading lady Day's second collaboration, following "It's a Great Feeling" the previous year. The two went on to work together on "Lullaby of Broadway", "April in Paris", "By the Light of the Silvery Moon", and "Calamity Jane".
Ray Heindorf served as musical director for the film, and the musical sequences were choreographed by Gene Nelson, Eddie Prinz, and LeRoy Prinz. Art direction was by Douglas Bacon and the costume designer was Leah Rhodes.
Both Gordon MacRae and Gene Nelson appeared together in the film version of "Oklahoma!" (1955).
Critical reception.
In his review in the "New York Times", Bosley Crowther called the film "pleasant entertainment," "a sprightly show," and "quite a genial production" and added, "Miss Day and Mr. MacRae . . . complement each other like peanut butter and jelly."
"Time" said, "sheds a Technicolor tear for the good old days of plus fours, prohibition and the stock-market crash. The story . . . employs nearly every musical-comedy cliché . . . as hot-weather entertainment, "Tea for Two" is at its best when concentrating on the old tunes of Vincent Youmans, George Gershwin and Roger Wolfe Kahn."
Awards and honors.
Gene Nelson won the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actor for his work on "Tea for Two".
References.
Notes
External links.
<!-spacing-->

</doc>
<doc id="5979136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979136" title="Greg Farshtey">
Greg Farshtey

Gregory Todd Farshtey is an American writer, best known for his work on the BIONICLE series of novels (2004–2010), the BIONICLE comics (2001–2010), and the New York Times-bestselling Ninjago graphic novel series.
Literary career.
Greg Farshtey began writing seriously in high school, where he wrote and edited a weekly satirical newsletter, Lunatic News and World Report. After college, he worked as a reporter and sports editor before securing an editorial position with West End Games. Over the next seven years, he authored or co-authored over 35 roleplaying game books and helped to create the Shatterzone and Bloodshadows roleplaying game universes. He also authored a handful of short stories and three novels, "The River of God," "Hell's Feast," and "Demon's Dream."
Farshtey joined The LEGO Group in late 2000, writing for the LEGO Mania Magazine and the BIONICLE comic series. He now writes and edits six editions of the bi-monthly LEGO Club Magazine, as well as LEGO Club Jr. Magazine.
Farshtey is the author of over 80 books, including novels set in the BIONICLE, EXO-FORCE, and Hero Factory universes, the Ninjago graphic novel series, short stories for Chima and Ninjago, and the BIONICLE comic series. (At the time of its publication, BIONICLE was the most widely distributed comic in the world, with over 2 million readers). Knights His work has been published in English, Russian, Chinese, French, Polish, and German, among other languages. He also wrote the story for the BIONICLE DVD movie, "" (2009). He has made numerous public appearances at San Diego Comic-Con, bookstores, and libraries.
He is currently employed as the Editorial Director at the LEGO Company. Greg is divorced and lives in Connecticut with his daughter and his cat.

</doc>
<doc id="5979153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979153" title="Rich Davis">
Rich Davis

Richard E. Davis (born in 1926) founded KC Masterpiece barbecue sauce.
Davis, born in Joplin, Missouri, graduated from Topeka High School in 1944 and served a year and a half in the army. After World War II, he attended Washburn University, Columbia University and Colorado College. While at Washburn, he was initiated into the Kansas Beta Chapter of Phi Delta Theta. He received a medicine degree from the University of Kansas in 1954.
Specializing in child psychiatry he helped found the Eastern Virginia Medical School and served from 1975-76 as Dean of the North Dakota School of Medicine.
In 1977, he moved to Kansas City and began marketing various culinary concepts including "Muschup" (a combination of ketchup and mustard), Dilled Muschup and K.C. Soul Style Barbecue Sauce.
His original barbecue sauce started with only 5 ingredients. While Muschup and Dilled Muschup sold well, the barbecue sauce was the most popular selling 3,000 cases of it in Kansas City. He changed its name to KC Masterpiece Barbecue Sauce.
In 1986, he sold the sauce to the Kingsford division of the Clorox company, which took the barbecue sauce nationwide. Presently it is claimed by the manufacturer to be the number 1 selling premium barbecue sauce in the country. He retained rights to use the sauce at restaurants he was to develop. Of the seven that eventually opened, only the one in Overland Park, Kansas remains, but is no longer owned by the Davis family.
He and his sons prepared a barbecue for George H.W. Bush in 1992 and George W. Bush in 2004.
Books.
Wild About Bar-B-Q Kansas City Style(1997) (ISBN 0-925175-11-0)
All American Bar-B-Q (1988)
All About Bar-B-Q Kansas City Style (1985)

</doc>
<doc id="5979155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979155" title="Japanese Tea Garden (San Francisco, California)">
Japanese Tea Garden (San Francisco, California)

The Japanese Tea Garden in San Francisco, California, is a popular feature of Golden Gate Park, originally built as part of a sprawling World's Fair, the California Midwinter International Exposition of 1894.
The oldest public Japanese garden in the United States, this complex of many paths, ponds and a teahouse features native Japanese and Chinese plants. The garden's contain many sculptures and bridges.
History.
After the conclusion of the 1894 World's Fair, Makoto Hagiwara, a Japanese immigrant and gardener, approached John McLaren with the idea to convert the temporary exhibit into a permanent park. Hagiwara personally oversaw the building of the Japanese Tea Garden and was official caretaker of the garden from 1895 to 1925. He specifically requested that one thousand flowering cherry trees be imported from Japan, as well as other native plants, birds, and the now famous goldfish. After San Francisco's 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition closed, he obtained the two large ornamental wooden gates, and probably also the Tea Garden's prominent five-tiered pagoda, from that fair's Japanese enclave.
The Hagiwara family lived in and maintained the Japanese Tea Garden until 1942, when Executive Order 9066 forced them to leave San Francisco and relocate to an internment camp with thousands of other Japanese-American families. The garden was renamed the "Oriental Tea Garden" and fell into disarray.
In 1949, a large bronze Buddha, originally cast in Tajima, Japan in 1790, was presented to the garden by the S & G Gump Company. The name "Japanese Tea Garden" was officially reinstated in 1952. In 1953 the Zen Garden, designed by Nagao Sakurai and representing a modern version of "kare sansui" (a dry garden which symbolizes a miniature mountain scene complete with a stone waterfall and small island surrounded by a gravel river) was dedicated at the same time as the Lantern of Peace, which was purchased by contributions from Japanese children and presented on their behalf as a symbol of friendship for future generations.
Nagao Sakurai also redesigned the area in front of Tea House.
Fortune cookies and the Tea Garden.
The first evidence of fortune cookies in the United States is in connection with this tea garden. The descendants of Makoto Hagiwara lay claim to introducing the fortune cookie to the United States from Japan. Visitors to the garden were served fortune cookies made by a San Francisco bakery, Benkyodo.
It is now known that fortune cookies originated in Japan as early as 1878.
Features.
Although picnicking is not allowed in the park, an alfresco dining area is available to visitors wishing to purchase specialty teas, meals and snacks. The park also features floral displays near the koi ponds.
Tours.
Tours of the garden are given daily. The morning walks also include a tour of Golden Gate Park’s Stow Lake and Strawberry Hill.
The tour’s content typically includes, among other subjects, the origins of the garden in San Francisco’s Midwinter Fair of 1894; the flora, such as the pine, maple, and cypress trees, as well as the Garden’s cherry blossoms, azaleas, and camellias; the various structures and elements, e.g., the lanterns, bronze Buddha, and pagoda; the development of the garden over time, such as the addition of the Zen garden in 1953 and the reconstruction of the main gate in 1984; and, not least, the distinguished and anguished history of the Hagiwara family that ran the garden for most years before World War II.
Although all tours cover much of the same material, each guide brings his or her personal knowledge and experiences to the tour. Tour guides continually work to improve their presentations through lectures and presentations provided by the park’s staff and fellow guides, as well as through their own research and study.
Regular tours of the garden were first sponsored by the San Francisco Parks Trust, formerly Friends of Recreation and Parks, through the Golden Gate Park Walks Program. By 2007, however, only one volunteer, Ted Evans, was still giving tours. In 2010, when it appeared that all of the Golden Gate Park Walks Program would become defunct, Evans suggested that the Parks Trust turn the Program over to San Francisco City Guides.
In turn, under the Park Partners Program, the Parks Trust provided City Guides with fundraising expertise, financial services, insurance, and administrative support. In 2011 the San Francisco Parks Council and San Francisco Parks Trust merged to form the San Francisco Parks Alliance, the current fiscal and administrative sponsor of City Guides.

</doc>
<doc id="5979157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979157" title="Kenny Bartram">
Kenny Bartram

Kenny Bartram (born on August 23, 1978) is an American professional freestyle motocross rider. Bartram is from Stillwater, Oklahoma, hence his nickname "The Cowboy." (Oklahoma State University is located in Stillwater, their mascot is the cowboy and their colors are also orange, which Bartram usually wears). Before his career in FMX, he won many Oklahoma State Series MX Races. Out of all other riders, he currently has the most wins, 57 in all. 
Bartam has also suffered plenty of injuries, including 22 broken bones, 7 knocked out teeth, a steel plate in the jaw, and a damaged blood vessel in the brain (according to himself on an interview on the podcast, "M80" on FuelTV).
"Cowboy" Kenny Bartram has signed on contract with KTM, which is the bike he has stuck to for a long time).
Other appearances.
Bartram features as a playable character in the video game, Crusty Demons, released on PS2 and Xbox.
Cowboy Kenny is also featured in the 2003 video game MTX.
Nitro Circus
Rally Car Racing
Sources.
• Kenny Bartram's Official Fansite [http://www.CowboyKenny.com]
• Kenny's bike brand [http://www.ktm.com]

</doc>
<doc id="5979162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979162" title="Okonokos">
Okonokos

Okonokos is a live album and concert film by My Morning Jacket released on October 31, 2006. The album was recorded during the band's fall 2005 Z Tour, over two nights at The Fillmore in San Francisco, California. This is the first My Morning Jacket album for which frontman Jim James does not receive a production credit; he is credited for "concept/story".
Album track listing.
Vinyl box set.
Record one.
Side A:
Side B:
Record two.
Side A:
Side B:
Record three.
Side A:
Side B:
Record four.
Side A: 
Side B (Bonus Tracks):

</doc>
<doc id="5979173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979173" title="I'll String Along with You">
I'll String Along with You

"I'll String Along with You" is a popular song with music by Harry Warren and lyrics by Al Dubin, published in 1934. It features in the 1934 film "Twenty Million Sweethearts" where it is sung by Dick Powell.

</doc>
<doc id="5979177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979177" title="Meng Lee">
Meng Lee

Meng Lee is a Technical Contributor at Hewlett-Packard Research Labs. While originally a compiler engineer, Lee joined Alexander Stepanov to work on generic algorithms in 1992. She co-authored and co-developed with Stepanov the 1995 Hewlett-Packard technical report titled "The Standard Template Library" that led to the C++ Standard Template Library.
Lee co-authored the definitive book "The C++ Standard Template Library" with P.J. Plauger, Alexander Stepanov, and David Musser.
During the 1980s, Lee worked at Sun Microsystems.

</doc>
<doc id="5979181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979181" title="Charles Benenson">
Charles Benenson

Charles B. Benenson (30 January 1913 – 22 February 2004) was an American real estate broker.
Benenson Realty Co. was founded by his father Benjamin Benenson in 1905 and grew into an industry leader under his guidance, until his death in 1938.
The younger Benenson began his career in 1933, during the depths of the Great Depression. He ran the company until his death in 2004.
Benenson was a philanthropist and political donor. His efforts and views landed him on the master list of Nixon political opponents. He was also a major collector of African art, and upon his death left much of his collection to the Yale University Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="5979185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979185" title="LNER Class Q1">
LNER Class Q1

LNER Class Q1 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5979186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979186" title="2003 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup">
2003 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup

The 2003 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup ran from June through October, 2003, open to all soccer teams in the United States.
The Chicago Fire won their 3rd Open Cup title with a 1-0 victory over the MetroStars in the final at Giants Stadium, East Rutherford, New Jersey. Chicago missed out on a domestic treble (with the Supporters' Shield) when the Fire lost MLS Cup 2003.
The Open Cup tournament was dominated by MLS squads, as only two non-MLS teams reached the quarterfinals. The Pro Select League's Wilmington Hammerheads were the story of the tournament, winning four straight games to reach the quarterfinals, including a 4-1 thrashing of MLS side Dallas Burn. The A-League's Seattle Sounders were the only other minor-league team to beat an MLS team, winning 1-0 over San Jose.
Open Cup Bracket.
"Home teams listed on top of bracket"
Schedule.
Note: Scorelines use the standard U.S. convention of placing the home team on the right-hand side of box scores.
First round.
Four PDL and four USASA teams start.
Second round.
Six PSL and two PDL teams enter.
Third round.
Eight A-League and two MLS teams enter.
Fourth round.
Eight MLS teams enter.

</doc>
<doc id="5979188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979188" title="Alfredo Tena">
Alfredo Tena

Alfredo Tena Garduño (born 21 November 1956), also known by his nickname "Capitán Furia" ("Captain Fury"), is a Mexican football coach and former player who is a renowned symbol for Club América. Tena is a one-club man. A defender who mainly played as a center back, Tena captained América for several years, and played for his national team during the greater part of his career. He is also the father of current footballer Alfredo Omar Tena. 
Presently, Tena is the assistant coach to Javier Aguirre at Espanyol in La Liga. 
Playing career.
Tena debuted during the 1973–74 during a game versus rivals Cruz Azul after coming up through the Club América youth system. Soon after, Tena secured a regular spot in the "Águilas" backfield. During his illustrious career at Club América, Tena won a number a titles. During the 1980s, América won six league titles. Tena also won Mexican League Champions' Cup trophies after the 1987–88 and 1988–89 seasons, as well as achieving international success with the club by winning two CONCACAF Champions' Cup titles in 1978 and 1987 and an Interamericana Cup in 1978.
Tena was known for his skill and tough marking skills, as well as his sometimes gruff attitude with both opposing players and teammates, a trait that earned him the "Captain Fury" moniker.
In July 1991, Tena announces that the time to part ways with America had come and thanked the team. He said "I have faithfully served this team for so long, all I can say is thank you all for the years of playoffs, championship titles, team mates and all the memories we have made". 
Tena would go off to play for Tecos UAG for the 1991–1992 season.
Coaching career.
Shortly after his retirement, Tena decided to pursue success from the bench, as a coach. In 1996, he took a job at Santos Laguna, leading them to a title during the Invierno 1996 season. Tena remained at the helm of the Torreón based club until his dismissal in 1998, never being able to duplicate the success of his lone title two years prior. After short stints coaching Puebla F.C. and his beloved Club América, Tena once again tasted success at the head of C.F. Pachuca, winning the league after the Invierno 2001 season. After leaving Pachuca in 2003, he returned to Club América, this time as an assistant to his brother Luis Fernando Tena. In 2011 Tena was named interim-manage of América, replacing Carlos Reinoso. He was dismissed after a calamitous campaign and was replaced by Miguel Herrera.

</doc>
<doc id="5979192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979192" title="Louis Wagner">
Louis Wagner

Louis Wagner (February 5, 1882 – March 13, 1960) was a French Grand Prix driver who won the first ever United States and British Grands Prix. Wagner was also a pioneer aviator.
Wagner was born in Le Pré-Saint-Gervais, Seine-Saint-Denis. He began racing cars while in his teens and claimed victory in 1903 driving a Darracq in a "voiturette" class race at the Circuit des Ardennes at Bastogne, Belgium. Wagner was one of the drivers for the Darracq team in the 1904 Gordon Bennett Cup in Germany that finished 8th and in 1905 at the Circuit d'Auvergne in Clermont-Ferrand, he was eliminated in the first round.
Competing in the United States, Wagner won the Vanderbilt Cup of 1906 driving a Darracq model 120 over a Long Island racecourse. He finished 5th in the 1907 Kaiserpreis in Germany but the following year in Savannah won the first ever United States Grand Prix driving a Fiat.
Driving a Mercedes, Wagner finished second to Christian Lautenschlager in the 1914 French Grand Prix at Lyon. He competed in the 1919 Indianapolis 500 driving a Ballot but went out with a broken wheel on lap 45. In 1924 he drove for the Alfa Romeo team, in a P2 alongside Antonio Ascari and Giuseppe Campari. In 1926, Wagner teamed up with Robert Sénéchal to drive a Delage 155B to victory in the first ever British Grand Prix. In August he won the Grand Prix de la Baule in a Delage 2LCV. In addition to Grand Prix racing, Wagner also competed in the 24 hours of Le Mans endurance race.
Aviation.
Wagner switched from automobiles to flying airplanes in 1910. He worked for the Hanriot company flying their monoplanes.
Louis Wagner died in 1960 at the age of 78 in Montlhéry, France.

</doc>
<doc id="5979208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979208" title="Tonga Football Association">
Tonga Football Association

The Tonga Football Association is the governing body of football in Tonga. It oversees the Tonga national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="5979216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979216" title="Brace (theatre)">
Brace (theatre)

In theater, a brace is a sliding piece of wood or metal with a 'butterfly' winged nut to make it longer or shorter to fit the flat used to stabilize a flat set piece such as a flat. The nut is used, so that it can be changed more quickley than a screw to the floor during a quick change. Usually, a brace is painted black to make it less noticeable to the audience. Braces are often used to form a triangle between two perpendicular items (like a vertical flat and a stage. They can also make a flat piece stronger by forming an X-shape between all four corners. Another way to brace a rectangular flat is to use special braces, called "toggles" which run at regular intervals, parallel to the short end of the flat, effectively breaking it into many smaller, stronger rectangles.

</doc>
<doc id="5979226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979226" title="Cabinet (magazine)">
Cabinet (magazine)

Cabinet is a quarterly, Brooklyn, NY-based, non-profit art & culture magazine established in 2000. "Cabinet" also operates an event and exhibition space in Brooklyn.
Issue structure.
"Cabinet" issues are divided into three sections.
Section 1: Columns.
Each issue begins with four of Cabinet's recurring columns. Some columns have (or have had) recurring writers. Some columns appear more frequently than others:
Section 2: Main.
The Main section features miscellaneous essays, interviews, and artist projects.
Section 3: Theme.
The third, themed section features essays, interviews, and artist projects related to a specific theme. A theme-based CD is included in issues 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, and 13.
Magazine and book.
Though "Cabinet" is commonly called "Cabinet magazine" and is distributed to newsstands as a magazine (with ISSN), individual "Cabinet" issues are also distributed as books (with ISBN). Each issue is printed in two editions: one with a magazine barcode on the front cover and the other with a book barcode on the back cover.
Logo.
The logo was designed by Richard Massey, and is derived from the fragmented elements and ligatures of an early twentieth century stencil often used in Le Corbusier's architectural drawings and manifestos.
Other projects.
In addition to publishing the quarterly, "Cabinet" also publishes books, curates art-related exhibitions, and stages conferences and live events. In October 2008, Cabinet opened a public venue in Brooklyn, where it operates an exhibition area, reading lounge and a 64-seat screening room and lecture space.
Praise.
Philosopher Slavoj Žižek has written, "Cabinet is my kind of magazine; ferociously intelligent, ridiculously funny, absurdly innovative, rapaciously curious. Cabinet's mission is to breathe life back into non-academic intellectual life. Compared to it, every other magazine is a walking zombie."

</doc>
<doc id="5979242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979242" title="Islington-City Centre West">
Islington-City Centre West

Islington-City Centre West (also known as Six Points or Etobicoke City Centre) is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is one of Toronto's CBDs located in the former City of Etobicoke. Islington is bounded on the north by Rathburn Road, on the east by Kipling Avenue, Mimico Creek, and Islington Avenue, on the south by the Gardiner Expressway, and on the west by Etobicoke Creek and Highway 427.
History.
Islington centres on a commercial strip along Dundas Street West (originally The Governor's Road, the first highway connecting Toronto to London, Ontario) which runs along an escarpment (the Lake Iroquois Shoreline, ancient shore of Lake Iroquois) across the width of Etobicoke. To the west where Kipling Avenue crosses Dundas Street West (and Bloor Street West) is the Six Points intersection, the central point in Etobicoke's grid. To the east, Dundas Street W. crosses the Mimico Creek. The original community called Mimico grew west of Montgomery's Inn, which was built in 1832 at Dundas St. W. and Islington Avenue (beside the Mimico Creek) to serve travellers coming or going from Toronto to western Ontario along Dundas St. Unlike the better-known Montgomery's Tavern (formerly in North York, now demolished), Montgomery's Inn was used by soldiers remaining loyal to the government during the 1837 rebellion. Etobicoke was officially incorporated as a township in 1850, first using Montgomery's Inn for its meetings until the nearby original Methodist Church was purchased. Etobicoke's first cemetery began with the burial of a traveller on Dundas who died on his way to Toronto just before reaching Montgomery's Inn. Despite the dying man's request to be buried in Toronto, he was buried beside the Methodist Church (later the Etobicoke Council Offices) in Islington. This cemetery remains a prominent historic site in the heart of Etobicoke where many of Etobicoke's early families are buried. 
With the building of the first railway to Toronto from the west in 1855, Mimico, near Lake Ontario, petitioned the government for a post office to be called Mimico in 1858. In 1860, the original northern Mimico petitioned for its own post office, using the name Islington, which was suggested by the wife of Montgomery's Innkeeper who was born in Islington, England (now a part of London). A second railway was built at the bottom of the escarpment (just south of Dundas) preventing the collapse of Islington during the railway age. This neighbourhood was also the site of Etobicoke's annual rural fair. In the early 20th century, Etobicoke's urbanizing lakeshore communities separated to become independent municipalities while Islington remained a postal village, the administrative centre of rural Etobicoke Township. The Etobicoke municipal offices were greatly enlarged at this time. 
Urbanization began in central Etobicoke in the 1950s post war boom with growing residential areas in Islington and to the north and industrial growth to the south. This led to Etobicoke's incorporation which separated from the County of York to form a part of the new Metropolitan Toronto in 1954, reincorporating the lakeshore municipalities into that level of government. With growing traffic along Dundas and increasing traffic fatalities in Islington, the intersections of Royal York Road and Kipling Avenue with Dundas St. W. were redesigned as highway style interchanges with bridges. The new Borough of Etobicoke in 1967 created several plans to raise the level of commercial and residential density in Islington with the aim of creating a western 'downtown' for Metropolitan Toronto. The Toronto Transit Commission's Bloor–Danforth line was extended into Etobicoke as far as Islington in 1968 with the establishment of Islington station at Islington Avenue and Bloor Street West. After the station was constructed, there was a boom in high-density office and residential development. In 1980, the Bloor-Danforth line was extended one stop west from Islington to Kipling and GO Transit's Kipling GO Station, further enhancing the neighbourhood's access to Toronto and the Greater Toronto Area.
The physical segregation of Islington with the redesigning of the surrounding interchanges on Dundas St. W. (at Kipling Ave. and at Royal York Road), as well as the Etobicoke council's move in 1958 from the historic Etobicoke Council Offices to a new complex beside the new Highway 427, limited the success of plans for the area to be developed as a western downtown. Efforts began in 1998 by the Borough of Etobicoke to intensify the Six Point area were carried over to the amalgamated City of Toronto. The Bloor Street, Kipling Avenue and Dundas Street West interchanges and the Westwood Theatre lands are to be redeveloped by the Build Toronto agency, starting in 2014 into a mixed-use development. The highway-interchange style of the intersection will be replaced by regular at-grade intersections. Dundas Street will be re-routed on a new path through the area.
A heated debate over the demolition of the Montgomery's home (Briarly) beside Montgomery's Inn in the 1980s led to a greater emphasis on the historic nature of the area. Montgomery's Inn has been preserved as the Etobicoke Community Museum and is open to the public and Islington has a designated Business Improvement Area known as the Historic Village of Islington which has commissioned a large number of historic wall murals along Dundas St. W..
Character.
Islington has a mix of single family homes in the western area with numerous apartment towers now along Bloor Street. The area north of the Bloor-Dundas intersection is also known as "Six Points". The Six Points area is a mix of single family bungalows and commercial storefronts along the main streets.

</doc>
<doc id="5979252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979252" title="Renée Ferrer de Arréllaga">
Renée Ferrer de Arréllaga

Renée Ferrer de Arréllaga, (born 1944) is a contemporary Paraguayan poet and novelist. She is Secretary General of the Board of Governors of the twenty-member Academia Paraguaya de la Lengua Española. Her novel "Los nudos del silencio" (The knots of silence) has been translated into French and Italian. On December 16, 2011 Ferrer was awarded the Premio Nacional de Literatura de Paraguay by President Fernando Lugo. She is married with four children.

</doc>
<doc id="5979255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979255" title="I Want to Be Happy">
I Want to Be Happy

"I Want to Be Happy" is a song with music by Vincent Youmans and lyrics by Irving Caesar for the 1925 musical "No, No, Nanette".
Musical.
The song is used several times throughout the musical as a running theme representing the attempts of various people to please others.
It is first sung by the character Jimmy to his ward Nanette.
Recordings.
“I Want to Be Happy” charted several times over thirteen years:

</doc>
<doc id="5979259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979259" title="Jens Olsen">
Jens Olsen

Jens Olsen (27 July 1872 – 17 November 1945) was a clockmaker, locksmith and astromechanic who built the famous world clock located in the city hall of Copenhagen, the Rådhus. He was born in Ribe, Denmark. Ever since he was a small child, Olsen was interested in clocks and other mechanical devices. After hearing of the broken clock in Carsten Hauch's "A Polish Family", he dreamed of fixing that clock. Later, he envisioned a clock that would show every conceivable type of time, from sidereal time to the rotation of the planets. 
Olsen's father was a weaver but apprenticed Olsen to a locksmith. However, he remained interested in clocks and read as much as he could about them and later astronomy. Even after ending his apprenticeship and becoming a locksmith Olsen continued to pursue these interests.
In 1897, Olsen became a journeyman and eventually ended up in Strasbourg where he saw the famous clock built by Jean-Baptiste Schwilgué in the cathedral. He would hide in a corner near the clock, so that he could see and examine it past the viewing hours. 
After Strasbourg, Olsen moved to Switzerland where he switched to clockmaking entirely. After eighteen months in Paris and a five months stay in London, he returned to Denmark to work as a superintendent at Cornelius Knudsen's establishment. At the same time he had his own business as a clockmaker. In 1905, he married Anna Sofie Kröldrup, and established his shop at her home. 
When he was about fifty, Olsen completed his calculations for the world clock he envisioned. He showed them to Professor Elis Strömgren who approved them. However, it took another twenty years to acquire the funds necessary to build the clock.
The clock was started December 15, 1955 at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Unfortunately, Olsen had died ten years earlier in 1945 of thrombosis. His clock continues to work, and is one of the most accurate mechanical devices in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5979273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979273" title="Norsk Air">
Norsk Air

Norsk Air was a Norwegian airline based at Sandefjord Airport, Torp. At its height from the mid-1980s and onwards it operated scheduled flights to Stavanger, Bergen, Trondheim and Copenhagen, and for shorter periods also other Norwegian and international destinations. The airline had 156 employees and 150,000 annual passengers in 1989. The company was established as a sole proprietorship by Øyvind Skaunfelt as Vestfoldfly in 1961, after purchasing Thor Solberg's aviation school at Tønsberg Airport, Jarlsberg. In addition to an aviation college, the company operated various charter services using mostly Cessna aircraft. The company split into a flying school and an airline in 1972, with the latter taking the name Norsk Flytjeneste. Three 50-passenger Douglas DC-6 were subsequently bought and were among other places flown with aid charters to Bangladesh. Both the DC-6 and later charter flights with business jets proved unprofitable and were quickly terminated.
The company turned to regular charter services to Bergen and Stavanger in the 1980s, and from 1984 served the routes with scheduled flights, using seven-passenger Beechcraft 200 King Air. In 1985 the company was converted to a limited company and bought by Kosmos. It subsequently acquired four 30-passenger Embraer EMB 120 Brasilias—as the second European airline. It introduced several new routes, including international flights to Denmark and the United Kingdom, and took the name Norsk Air. The company bought Norving's Skien Airport, Geiteryggen division in 1987 and started operations from a second base. Kosmos failed in 1988 and Norsk Air was eventually given for free to Widerøe in 1990. Skien operations were discontinued the following year and the airline changed name to Widerøe Norsk Air. It remained a subsidiary until being amalgamated in 1996.
History.
Vestfoldfly.
The airline was established as Vestfoldfly by Øyvind Skaunfelt in 1961. He had been working at Thor Solberg's aviation school at Tønsberg Airport, Jarlsberg, and offered to purchase the school and airplanes when Solberg retired. Two years earlier, Sandefjord Airport, Torp had opened a civilian sector and Skaunfelt decided to establish his company there. In May 1961, he received government permission for commercial flying. He started a newspaper route to Oslo Airport, Fornebu, and could also carry three passengers in his single-engined Cessna. The route continued onwards from Sandefjord to Tønsberg, Larvik and at Skien Airport, Geiteryggen. Vestfoldfly also started offering scenic trips and charter. During the summer, the airline also flew seaplanes south along the coast to Kragerø, Risør and Arendal. Other activities involved crop dusting of forest for Felleskjøpet. The airline also provided a target service for the military. Four aircraft were permanently used to tow a target about behind the aircraft, and military personnel would practice shooting at the target.
During the 1960s, Vestfoldfly never received a concession for a regular, scheduled flight from Sandefjord to Oslo. The reason was that the Skien-based Fjellfly held the concession for the routes from Oslo to Sandefjord, Tønsberg and Skien. Fjellfly never used its landing rights at Sandefjord, but nevertheless still hindered Vestfoldfly from starting a competing route. Skaunfelt eventually split his activity in two, demerging the aviation school and renaming it Den Norske Luftfartsskole, which remained in operation until 1999. The other activity was renamed Norsk Flytjeneste. In 1969, Norsk Flytjeneste and Jotun, a large Sandefjord-based industrial company, established Penguin Air Service, where Norsk Flytjeneste owned 25 percent of the shares. Penguin Air Service company bought a six-seat Piper PA-31 Navajo and started charter services for Jotun. In 1975, Bugge Supplyship also joined the joint venture and a second aircraft was bought. Most of the traffic was for the oil industry to Stavanger.
Norsk Flytjeneste.
In 1972, Norsk Flytjeneste purchased two 50-passenger Douglas DC-6Bs from Braathens SAFE and leased one from Sterling Airways. They were used for domestic and international charter. The largest contract was from the Norwegian Church Aid, who contracted Norsk Flytjeneste to fly aid to Bangladesh. However, the airline failed to make money on the DC-6s, mostly because of the high operating costs, and sold them after a year. The company followed up with purchasing a ten-seat Cessna Citation business jet that they offered in the charter market. However, the market was not large enough, and the jet was sold.
The main market for the charter services was Stavanger Airport, Sola, mainly serving transport of personnel in the oil industry. By the 1980s, Norsk Air had up to four daily round trips between the two cities. In 1983, the airline received concession to start a regular scheduled service to Stavanger. A ten-seat Beechcraft Super King Air was bought and services started on 12 January 1984. Services to Bergen Airport, Flesland started on 10 July. Soon there were four daily round trips to both cities, supplemented by charter trips operated by Penguin. Starting on 26 March 1984, Norsk Flytjeneste experienced competition on the routes from Sandefjord to Bergen and Stavanger, when Busy Bee, on contract with Braathens SAFE, started flights using 50-passenger Fokker F27s. However, they operated only one round trip, with the same aircraft serving Sandefjord–Stavanger–Haugesund–Bergen.
In 1984, Norsk Flytjenesete started negotiations with the Sandefjord-based conglomerate Kosmos, who were seeking to invest in a local airline. Kosmos had decided to start a diversification strategy to spread their risk. Norsk Flytjeneste was at the time not making money on its routes, but Kosmos was willing to carry the loss as an investment. The airline was sold to Kosmos on 15 April 1985. At the time of the take-over, Norsk Flytjeneste had four Cessna 310s and one Piper Navajo. The airline's seven-passenger Beechcraft 200 and C90 King Airs were already owned by Kosmos. The company was changed from a sole propriatoriship to a limited company. Kjell Riege from Kosmos was appointed managing director while Tor Lundstrøm continued as chief pilot.
Norsk Air.
On 30 July 1985, Norsk Flytjeneste opened their first international route, to Copenhagen Airport in Denmark. The concessions had a limitation on not using aircraft with more than ten seats. However the limitation was lifted later in the year. Under Kosmos' management, Norsk Flytjeneste started an aggressive expansion. Applications were made for concessions from Sandefjord to Gothenburg in Sweden, and from Oslo via Hamar and Røros to Trondheim. Norsk Flytjeneste also needed larger aircraft, and the airline evaluated several types, including the Embraer EMB 120 Brasilia, the 30-passenger Saab 340 and the Fokker F27. The company chose to order four 30-passenger Brasilias. During the negotiations with Embraer, the company realized that Norsk Flytjeneste was a difficult name for foreigners, since the Brazilians could not pronounce "Flytjeneste". When the new aircraft were delivered, the airline rebranded as Norsk Air.
The company also joined the joint venture Commuter Service along with other Norwegian regional airlines, Coast Aero Center, Mørefly and Trønderfly. The intention was to create a cooperative company which could compete in a more diversified market. The group's lawyer stated that the organizational structure among regional airlines was 15 years out of date and that the group would take market shares in a growing market, especially by starting new niche direct services.
Norsk Air was the second airline in Europe to order the Brasilia, after Air Excel. Three were financed with loans from Banco de Brasil and the last was leased. With the introduction of the Brasilias in 1986, the airline started a route from Sandefjord to Trondheim Airport, Værnes. From 1985 to 1986, the airline's costs doubled, but not their income. In 1987, Terje Røsjode, former bank chief for Christiania Bank in Sandefjord, took over as managing director. The Brasilias had state-of-art technology, and although airlines purchase new aircraft to reduce their maintenance costs, this was not the reality for Norsk Air because they did not have sufficient competence to maintain the aircraft. In particular, they lacked sufficient electronic expertise, due to the increase of electronic components in the aircraft. All the other aircraft were sold.
In 1986, the company established a duty-free shop at Torp. By 1987, Norsk Air was losing NOK 20 million per year. The company established a route from Sandefjord to Gothenburg-Landvetter Airport and to London Stansted Airport, but neither were profitable, and were quickly terminated. Norsk Air started a route from Fagernes Airport, Leirin to Oslo and Bergen on 4 November 1987. The route turned out to be unprofitable, and was terminated on 1 June 1988, after the company had lost NOK 5 million on the route.
To develop the company, Kosmos and Norsk Air bought the Kirkenes-based airline Norving, that also operated flights from Skien Airport, Geiteryggen—about one hour's drive from Sandefjord—to Bergen, Trondheim and Stavanger. Norving had seven types of aircraft, but was losing large amounts of money, although the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications covered their losses on some state-subsidized regional routes. The purchase of Norving caused an internal organization conflict between the two organizations. The operations from Skien were merged into Norsk Air, while the rest of Norving was sold. The latter went bankrupt in 1993. Norsk Air also showed interested in purchasing Widerøe, but none of the large owners were interested in selling.
Widerøe Norsk Air.
Kosmos was bought by the Skaugen Group in 1988, and on 21 October, Kosmos' Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Bjørn Bettum and Chairman Otto Grieg Tidemand were fired. The Skaugen Group decided to integrate Kosmos' shipping and oil-related activities into their group. All other investments, including Norsk Air, were to be sold or closed. At the time, Norsk Air had 140 employees. Norsk Air's CEO, Mr. Røsjodet, made contact with Bård Mikkelsen, who was CEO of Widerøe, to try to convince them to purchase Norsk Air. Widerøe was a that time solely occupied with flying on the subsidized regional routes. The company was interested in having some non-subsidized routes to better benchmark its operations. The two largest owners, Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) and Braathens SAFE, did not want to purchase Norsk Air, but the third-largest owner, Fred. Olsen & Co. liked the idea, and bought SAS' and Braathens SAFE's 62.3 percent stake in Widerøe to make the deal possible. Other possible purchasers who had negotiated with Norsk Air were Sterling Airlines, Partnair and Jan Einar Johansen, former owner of Scandi Line.
By 1989, the airline had 156 employees and 150,000 annual passengers. On 9 February 1989, Norsk Air's board decided to start the termination process if a sale was not made. The employees agreed to cut their wages 10 percent and not take sick days during the sales process. One of the main difficulties in the sales process was that Widerøe could not afford to purchase Norsk Air's hangar at the airport. Widerøe intended to continue operations at both Torp and Geiteryggen for a year to see where to establish its base. In fear that the airline would move to Skien, the municipalities of Sandefjord and Stokke, who owned the majority of the airport, agreed to purchase the hangar, which had been built for NOK 20 million in 1987, for NOK 11.5 million. Half the hangar would be rented to Widerøe for NOK 500,000 per year. This was insufficient to cover the NOK 1.2 million in annual interest costs.
Widerøe took over Norsk Air free of charge on 1 May 1989, and changed the company's name to Widerøe Norsk Air. The company was kept as a subsidiary to avoid cross-subsidization of the subsidized routes. Widerøe started negotiations with Busy Bee, and agreed to lease the Fokker 50 used by Busy Bee to Sandefjord, in exchange for Busy Bee terminating the route in 1990. Widerøe Norsk Air also decided that it was not profitable to fly from both Skien and Sandefjord, and terminated all Skien services. Starting on 28 October 1991, the airline also started a route from Sandefjord via Kristiansand Airport, Kjevik to London. This route was terminated one year later. In 1993, Widerøe sold its Fokker 50 to Norwegian Air Shuttle. On 1 May 1996, Widerøe Norsk Air was merged with Widerøe and ceased to exist. After the merger, Widerøe phased out the Brasilias and replaced them with de Havilland Canada Dash 8 aircraft.
Destinations.
The following is a list of destinations served by Norsk Air in regular scheduled services. It includes the city, country, airport and the period in which the airline served the airport. Hubs are denoted with a dagger ().

</doc>
<doc id="5979283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979283" title="USS Panda (IX-125)">
USS Panda (IX-125)

USS "Panda" (IX-125), an "Armadillo"-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the panda. Her keel was laid down as "Opie Read" (MC hull 1929) in 1943 by Delta Shipbuilding Company, in New Orleans, Louisiana (T. Z.ET1.S.C3). She was renamed "Panda" 27 October 1943 upon charter from the War Shipping Administration, accepted 5 January 1944, and commissioned on 6 January 1944, Lieutenant Commander William A. Porteous, Jr., in command.
"Panda" joined the logistics forces of the Seventh Fleet in the Southwest Pacific in March 1944, and served as floating oil storage facility, primarily at Hollandia, New Guinea, until October, when she followed the invasion forces to San Pedro Bay, Leyte. During the next three months, her gunners shot down five enemy planes during four separate attacks, none of which put her out of action. Her service to the fleet in the Philippines continued through the final months of action. "Panda" remained in the Philippines to serve occupation forces until sailing for Norfolk, Virginia, arriving 5 June 1946. There she decommissioned on 12 July 1946, returned to the War Shipping Administration on 15 July 1946, and was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 31 July 1946.
"Panda" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="5979291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979291" title="Genetics of Down syndrome">
Genetics of Down syndrome

Down syndrome is a chromosomal abnormality characterized by the presence of an extra copy of genetic material on the 21st chromosome, either in whole (trisomy 21) or part (such as due to translocations). The effects of the extra copy varies greatly from individual to individual, depending on the extent of the extra copy, genetic background, environmental factors, and random chance. Down syndrome can occur in all human populations, and analogous effects have been found in other species, such as chimpanzees and mice. Recently, researchers have been able to create transgenic mice with most of human chromosome 21 (in addition to their normal chromosomes).
A normal human karyotype is shown here. Every chromosome has two copies. In the bottom right, there are chromosomal differences between males (XY) and females (XX), which do not concern us. A normal human karyotype is designated as 46,XX or 46,XY, indicating 46 chromosomes with an XX arrangement for females and 46 chromosomes with an XY arrangement for males. For this section, we will use females for the karyotype designation (46,XX).
Trisomy 21.
Trisomy 21 (47,XX,+21) is caused by a meiotic nondisjunction event. A normal gamete (either egg or sperm) has one copy of each chromosome (23 total). When it is combined with a gamete from the other parent during conception, the child has 46 chromosomes. However, with nondisjunction, a gamete is produced with an extra copy of chromosome 21 (the gamete has 24 chromosomes). When combined with a normal gamete from the other parent, the child now has 47 chromosomes, with three copies of chromosome 21. The trisomy 21 karyotype figure shows the chromosomal arrangement, with the prominent extra chromosome 21.
Trisomy 21 is the cause of approximately 95% of observed Down syndrome, with 88% coming from nondisjunction in the maternal gamete and 8% coming from nondisjunction in the paternal gamete. Mitotic nondisjunction after conception would lead to mosaicism, and is discussed later.
Some cases have been reported of Down syndrome parents having trisomy 21 children. In these cases (all from mothers), the ovaries were trisomy 21, leading to a secondary nondisjunction during gametogenesis and a gamete with an extra chromosome 21. Such Down syndrome trisomies are indistinguishable from Down syndrome trisomies created through meiotic nondisjunction.
Translocation.
The extra chromosome 21 material that causes Down syndrome may be due to a Robertsonian translocation. The long arm of chromosome 21 is attached to the long arm of another chromosome, often chromosome 14 or itself [called an isochromosome, 45,XX,t(21;21)(q10;q10) as seen in the translocation karyotype figure.
Translocation Down syndrome can be "de novo"; that is, not inherited but occurring at the time of an individual's conception, or may be inherited from a parent with a balanced translocation. The balanced translocation figure shows a 14/21 translocation between the long arms of chromosomes 14 and 21, where the other chromosomes are not shown. The individual has two copies of everything on chromosome 14, and two copies of all of the material on the long arm of chromosome 21 (21q). The derivative chromosome 21, which contains only heterochromatin, is lost; thus, the individual only has one copy of the material on the short arm of chromosome 21 (21p), but this appears to have no discernible effect. Individuals with this chromosomal arrangement has 45 chromosomes and are phenotypically normal. During meiosis, the chromosomal arrangement interferes with normal separation of chromosomes. Possible gametic arrangements are (see translocation karyotype figure):
When combined with a normal gamete from the other parent, the first, fourth and fifth are lethal, leading to spontaneous abortion. The second, combined with a normal gamete from the other parent, gives rise to a normal child. The third leads to a translocation Down syndrome child. The last becomes a translocation carrier, like the parent.
Translocation Down syndrome is often referred to as "familial Down syndrome". It is the cause of about 4.5% of the observed Down syndromes. It does not show the maternal age effect, and is just as likely to have come from fathers as mothers.
Mosaicism.
Mosaic Down syndrome is when some of the cells in the body are normal and some cells have trisomy 21, an arrangement called a mosaic (46,XX/47,XX,+21). This can occur in one of two ways:
There is considerable variability in the fraction of cells with trisomy 21, both as a whole and tissue-by-tissue. This is the cause of 1–2% of the observed Down syndromes. There is evidence that mosaic Down syndrome may produce less developmental delay, on average, than full trisomy 21.
The following diagram shows two possible mechanisms leading to mosaic trisomy 21. 
Duplication of a portion of chromosome 21.
Rarely, a region of chromosome 21 will undergo a duplication event. This will lead to extra copies of some, but not all, of the genes on chromosome 21 (46,XX,dup(21q)). If the duplicated region has genes that are responsible for Down syndrome physical and mental characteristics, such individuals will show those characteristics. This cause is very rare and no rate estimates are possible.

</doc>
<doc id="5979294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979294" title="Reversed-phase chromatography">
Reversed-phase chromatography

Reversed-phase chromatography (also called RPC, reverse-phase chromatography, or hydrophobic chromatography) includes any chromatographic method that uses a hydrophobic stationary phase.
RPC refers to liquid (rather than gas) chromatography. 
The term "reversed-phase" has a historical background. In the 1970s, most liquid chromatography was performed using a solid support stationary phase (also called a "column") containing unmodified silica or alumina resins. This method is now called "normal phase chromatography". In normal phase chromatography, the stationary phase is hydrophilic and therefore has a strong affinity for hydrophilic molecules in the mobile phase. Thus, the hydrophilic molecules in the mobile phase tend to bind (or "adsorb") to the column, while the hydrophobic molecules pass through the column and are eluted first. In normal phase chromatography, hydrophilic molecules can be eluted from the column by increasing the polarity of the solution in the mobile phase. 
The introduction of a technique using alkyl chains covalently bonded to the solid support created a hydrophobic stationary phase, which has a stronger affinity for hydrophobic compounds. The use of a hydro"phobic" stationary phase can be considered the opposite, or "reverse", of normal phase chromatography - hence the term "reversed-phase chromatography". Reversed-phase chromatography employs a polar (aqueous) mobile phase. As a result, hydrophobic molecules in the polar mobile phase tend to adsorb to the hydrophobic stationary phase, and hydro"philic" molecules in the mobile phase will pass through the column and are eluted first. Hydrophobic molecules can be eluted from the column by decreasing the polarity of the mobile phase using an organic (non-polar) solvent, which reduces hydrophobic interactions. The more hydrophobic the molecule, the more strongly it will bind to the stationary phase, and the higher the concentration of organic solvent that will be required to elute the molecule. 
Many of the mathematical and experimental considerations used in other chromatographic methods also apply to RPC (for example, the separation resolution is dependent on the length of the column). It can be used for the separation of a wide variety of molecules. It is not typically used for separation of proteins, because the organic solvents used in RPC can denature many proteins. For this reason, normal phase chromatography is more commonly used for separation of proteins. 
Today, RPC is a frequently used analytical technique. There are a variety of stationary phases available for use in RPC, allowing great flexibility in the development of separation methods.
Stationary phases.
Silica-based stationary phases.
Any inert non-polar substance that achieves sufficient packing can be used for reversed-phase chromatography. The most popular column is an octadecyl carbon chain (C18)-bonded silica (USP classification L1) with 297 columns commercially available. This is followed by C8-bonded silica (L7 - 166 columns), pure silica (L3 - 88 columns), cyano-bonded silica (L10 - 73 columns) and phenyl-bonded silica (L11 - 72 columns). Note that C18, C8 and phenyl are dedicated reversed-phase resins, while cyano columns can be used in a reversed-phase mode depending on analyte and mobile phase conditions. It should be noted at this point that not all C18 columns have identical retention properties. Surface functionalization of silica can be performed in a monomeric or a polymeric reaction with different short-chain organosilanes used in a second step to cover remaining silanol groups (end-capping). While the overall retention mechanism remains the same, subtle differences in the surface chemistries of different stationary phases will lead to changes in selectivity. 
Modern columns have different polarity. PFP is pentafluorphenyl. CN is cyano. NH2 is amino. ODS is octadecyl or C18. ODCN is a mixed mode column consisting of C18 and nitrile. SCX is strong cationic exchange (used for separation of organic amines). SAX is strong anionic exchange (used for separation of carboxylic acid compounds).
Mobile phases.
Mixtures of water or aqueous buffers and organic solvents are used to elute analytes from a reversed-phase column. The solvents must be miscible with water, and the most common organic solvents used are acetonitrile, methanol, and tetrahydrofuran (THF). Other solvents can be used such as ethanol or 2-propanol (isopropyl alcohol). Elution can be performed isocratically (the water-solvent composition does not change during the separation process) or by using a solution gradient (the water-solvent composition changes during the separation process, usually by decreasing the polarity). The pH of the mobile phase can have an important role on the retention of an analyte and can change the selectivity of certain analytes.
Charged analytes can be separated on a reversed-phase column by the use of ion-pairing (also called ion-interaction). This technique is known as reversed-phase ion-pairing chromatography.
See also.
Aqueous normal-phase chromatography

</doc>
<doc id="5979299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979299" title="Lemonville, Texas">
Lemonville, Texas

Lemonville is a ghost town that was the site of the Lemon Lumber Company in northern Orange County, Texas, United States, in the southeastern part of the state. Sometimes referred to as "Lemon", it is located north of Orange and just east of Mauriceville. The town plat was filed in 1901 by a man named William Manuel, with the location chosen for its proximity to the tracks of the Kansas City Southern Railroad.
In 1902, when the population was about 300, a post office was established, with Cornelius P. Ryan as first postmaster.
In 1900 the mill had a capacity of 30,000 feet per day. The lumber baron Alexander Gilmer purchased the mill in 1904, and by the following year production was increased to 100,000 feet per day with the addition of new equipment.
After Gilmer’s death in 1906, the sawmills at Lemonville were owned and operated by others, including the Miller-Link and Peavy-Moore lumber companies.
As the nearby lumber eventually became depleted, and as lumber prices fell, the operators eventually abandoned the site. The Lemonville post office was officially closed in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="5979301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979301" title="INSAT-4C">
INSAT-4C

INSAT-4C was an Indian communications satellite which was lost in a launch failure in 2006. Had it reached orbit, it would have formed part of the Indian National Satellite System. Launched in 2007, it was intended to have operated in geostationary orbit at a longitude of 73.97° east. The INSAT-4CR satellite, launched in September 2007, replaced it.
Built by the Indian Space Research Organisation, INSAT-4C was based upon the I-2K satellite bus. It had a dry mass of , or when fully fuelled. It was expected to have operated for ten years. The satellite carried twelve Ku band transponders, with two solar arrays to generate power.
ISRO launched INSAT-4C on the second operational flight of the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle, which was flying in the Mk.I configuration. The launch took place from the Second Launch Pad at the Satish Dhawan Space Centre; the first time the pad was used by a GSLV. Liftoff occurred at 12:08 UTC on 10 July 2006. Early in the flight a thrust controller in one of the four liquid rocket boosters failed, resulting in the booster cutting off shortly afterwards. Approximately 55 seconds after launch the vehicle veered off-course and began to disintegrate. The range safety officer subsequently commanded the remainder of the rocket to self-destruct.

</doc>
<doc id="5979329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979329" title="128th Infantry Brigade (United Kingdom)">
128th Infantry Brigade (United Kingdom)

The 128th Infantry Brigade was a 1st Line Territorial Army brigade of the British Army during the Second World War. The brigade was initially part of the 43rd (Wessex) Infantry Division before being transferred to the 46th Infantry Division in 1942. With this division the brigade served in the North African Campaign and the Italian Campaign from 1943 to 1945.
The brigade fought in many battles including Salerno, Naples and at the Gothic Line. It ended the war in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="5979330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979330" title="Men &amp; Mascara">
Men &amp; Mascara

Men & Mascara is the second album from American country music artist Julie Roberts. It was released in 2006 on Mercury Nashville Records and it produced two singles: the title track and a cover of Saving Jane's "Girl Next Door". Neither of these singles charted for Roberts. The song "Too Damn Young" was later recorded by Luke Bryan on his 2011 album "Tailgates & Tanlines".

</doc>
<doc id="5979334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979334" title="Papua New Guinea Football Association">
Papua New Guinea Football Association

The Papua New Guinea Football Association is the governing body of football (soccer) in Papua New Guinea.
History.
The PNGFA was founded in 1962.
In 1966 the PNGFA was one of four founding members of the Oceania Football Confederation.
Association offices first opened in Lae in 1999. The Association's Academy opened in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5979337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979337" title="I'll See You in My Dreams (album)">
I'll See You in My Dreams (album)

"I'll See You in My Dreams" was a 10" LP album issued by Columbia Records as catalog # CL-6198 on December 14, 1951, featuring Doris Day and Paul Weston's orchestra, containing songs from the soundtrack of the movie of the same name.
The album was combined with Day's 1953 album, "Calamity Jane," on a compact disc, issued on June 12, 2001 by Collectables Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5979340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979340" title="Ciarán Mac Mathúna">
Ciarán Mac Mathúna

Ciarán Mac Mathúna, (26 November 1925 – 11 December 2009) was an Irish broadcaster and music collector. He was a recognised authority on Irish music and lectured extensively on the subject. He travelled around Ireland, England, Scotland and America collecting music.
According to Sam Smyth in the "Irish Independent", Mac Mathúna was "on a mission to collect songs and stories, music, poetry and dance before they were buried under the coming tsunami of pop music".
He presented "Mo Cheol Thú" for 35 years. Upon his retirement in 2005, MD of RTÉ Radio Adrian Moynes described Mac Mathúna as "inseparable from RTÉ Radio". Upon his death in 2009, the "Irish Independent" described him as "a national treasure".
Early life and education.
Mac Mathúna was born in Limerick, spending his early years in Mulgrave Street. He was schooled at CBS Sexton St, and later graduated from University College, Dublin with a BA in modern Irish and Latin. Subsequently, he completed a MA in Irish.
Career.
After college Mac Mathúna worked as a teacher and later at the Placenames Commission. In 1954, he joined Radio Éireann where his job was to record Irish traditional musicians playing in their own locales. This entailed visiting such places as Sliabh Luachra, County Clare and County Sligo, and the resulting recordings featured in his radio programmes: 
Director-General of RTÉ Cathal Goan later recalled that Mac Mathúna interviewed him for his first job at the station. Goan assisted in the organisation of Mac Mathúna's music collection for the RTÉ Libraries and Archives.
Mac Mathúna's long-running Sunday morning radio series "Mo Cheol Thú" (You are my music) began in 1970 and continued until November 2005, when he retired from broadcasting. Each 45-minute programme offered a miscellany of archive music, poetry and folklore, mainly of Irish origin. It was one of radio's longest running programmes. The last episode was broadcast on 27 November 2005 at 8.10 am.
Mac Mathúna won two Jacob's Awards, in 1969 and 1990, for his RTÉ Radio programmes promoting Irish traditional music. He received the Freedom of Limerick city in June 2004. He was also awarded honorary doctorates by NUI Galway and the University of Limerick. In 2007, he received the Musicians Award at the 10th annual TG4 Traditional Music Awards.
Joe Kennedy in the "Sunday Independent" in 2007 compared Mac Mathúna to "an amiable rock, rolling gently along, still picking up some moss and morsels of music that he may have missed".
Personal and later life.
His wife Dolly MacMahon (using the English version of her surname) was a singer of traditional songs. She came from Galway and met her husband in 1955. He had two sons named Padraic and Ciarán, one daughter named Déirdre, and four grandchildren at the time of his death: Eoin, Colm, Conor and Liam.
He died on 11 December 2009.
Taoiseach Brian Cowen paid tribute, saying: “He was encyclopaedic in his knowledge of Irish traditional music and its artists and for many decades, wherever good Irish music was played and enjoyed, Ciarán was to be found in its midst”. Minister for Arts, Sport and Tourism Martin Cullen described Mac Mathúna as "a man of great intellect with a wonderful commitment to and understanding of Irish folklore and the traditional arts". Niall Stokes, editor of "Hot Press", spoke of being "in the process of losing a great generation of Irish folk pioneers" — musician Liam Clancy had died just days previously – and called for a "of justice to the extraordinary work they did in reviving the true spirit of Irish folk and traditional music and re-instating it at the heart of the Irish experience [...] in our public policy, and in particular our broadcasting framework". A billboard advertisement for "Mo Cheol Thú" with the caption “The Touch of the Master’s Hand’’ was positioned in Terenure College Chapel where his corpse was carried.
Mac Mathúna's funeral on 15 December 2009 was attended by hundreds of people, including aides-de-camp of the President and Taoiseach, RTÉ Director-General Cathal Goan, poet Séamus Heaney and others. Heaney said at the funeral: Over a lifetime he helped the population of Ireland to realise the beauty, strength and value of their native cultural possessions, above all their musical culture. The musical instrument which Ciaran played to magical effect, and which entranced generations of listeners, was his own voice. Musicians to perform at the ceremony included Peadar Ó Ríada, Cór Cúil Aodha and members of The Chieftains and Planxty. The corpse was then taken to Mount Jerome Crematorium.
Journalist Kevin Myers said Mac Mathúna's legacy would be the "rebirth of Irish music", adding: Well, if Ciarán Mac Mathúna can die, I suppose anyone can. Actually, I had always thought that he was immortal. He certainly appeared to have all the ingredients.

</doc>
<doc id="5979352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979352" title="My Buddy">
My Buddy

My Buddy can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5979362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979362" title="Sphaeroseius ecitophilus">
Sphaeroseius ecitophilus

Sphaeroseius ecitophilus is a South American species of mite.
Cândido Firmino de Mello-Leitão established the spider family Brucharachnidae in 1925 for the newly discovered genus and species from Córdoba, Argentina, "Brucharachne ecitophila", based on a (purportedly) female specimen. He thought it the most curious spider he had ever seen. The "Brucharachnidae" were thought to be related to the spider family Oonopidae.
In 1995, Gerald W. Krantz and Norman I. Platnick re-examined the original specimen, and found it not to be a spider at all, but an extraordinary male mite that very much resembles a spider. He placed it under the existing myrmecophilous genus "Sphaeroseius".
Mites of the genus "Sphaeroseius" have only been found in association with ecitonine army ants ("Neivamyrmex", "Labidus") in Brazil, Argentina, and possibly Costa Rica.
The species name "ecitophilus" means ""Eciton"-loving".

</doc>
<doc id="5979377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979377" title="Lists of African Union members">
Lists of African Union members

Following are lists of African Union members:

</doc>
<doc id="5979384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979384" title="I'll See You in My Dreams">
I'll See You in My Dreams

I'll See You in My Dreams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5979388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979388" title="Nigel Marven">
Nigel Marven

Nigel Marven (b. Barnet, London, 27 November 1960) is a British wildlife presenter, television producer, author and ornithologist. He ran the 2008 London marathon in 4 hours 4 minutes to try to raise £20,000 for the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society UK.

</doc>
<doc id="5979395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979395" title="Paignton Zoo">
Paignton Zoo

Paignton Zoo Environmental Park, is a zoo in Paignton, Devon, England. The zoo is part of South West Environmental Parks Ltd which is owned by the Whitley Wildlife Conservation Trust (WWCT). It is a combined zoo and botanic garden that welcomes over half a million visitors a year. WWCT also runs Living Coasts in Torquay and Newquay Zoo in Cornwall. All three are registered charities.
Paignton Zoo has a collection of approximately 2,000 animals representing nearly 300 species. It also cultivates approximately 1,600 different species of plant. It currently employs over 100 permanent staff and an additional 120 seasonally. A registered educational and scientific charity, Paignton Zoo is committed to the highest standards of animal husbandry and welfare, to scientific research, education and the breeding and conservation of rare and endangered animal and plant species.
Animals.
Paignton Zoo's collection of animals are categorised by the habitat they live in, and those habitats are represented by themed buildings and areas across the zoo.
Desert House.
The Desert House is a walk-through glasshouse containing authentic desert plants such as cacti of various species. The animals kept in the Desert House include red-billed quelea, gila monsters, superb starlings, pancake tortoises, Guinea pigs and free-flying Princess of Wales parakeets, as well as a real termite mound.
Tropical Forest House.
The Tropical Forest House displays reptiles and amphibians from tropical rain-forests. These include Burmese pythons, Cuban crocodiles, boa constrictors, matamata turtles, dwarf caimans, green anacondas, tokay geckos and several species of poison dart frog.
Forest Animals.
This area is wooded with naturally occurring plants and trees. Animals on display include Asian lions, Sumatran tigers, red ruffed lemurs, ring-tailed lemurs, Bornean orangutans, great grey owls, wreathed hornbills, golden pheasants, western lowland gorillas, white-faced saki monkeys, Socorro doves, southern cassowary, bongo and lar gibbons.
Wetland Birds.
Several species of waterfowl live around the moats surrounding the zoo's monkey islands, including dalmatian pelicans, Marabou storks and several different species of ducks and geese such as Mandarin ducks, common shelducks and barnacle geese. Other waterfowl in the zoo's collection include Chilean flamingos, scarlet ibis and little egrets.
Savannah Animals.
This area mostly displays animals from the African savannah, but also features some animals from other continents that live in a similar dry grassland habitat. The African animals include ostriches, Hartmann's mountain zebras, cheetahs, red river hogs, Rothschild's giraffes, African elephants, Barbary sheep and black rhinoceros. Animals from other continents include maned wolves, Bactrian camels, mishmi takin and collared peccaries.
Plants.
Garden themes and plant collections include a broad collection of temperate hardy trees, shrubs and herbaceous plants arranged by habitat type, Collection of naturally occurring taxa of the genus Buddleja, A number of themed garden areas: Mediterranean Climatic Gardens, Medicinal Garden, Economic Garden, Tropical House, Sub-Tropical House, Desert House, Wildlife Garden and the first public vertical hydroponic display house.
History.
Paignton Zoo was one of the earliest combined zoological and botanical gardens in Britain and the first that was opened with education as its mission. It was founded by Herbert Whitley, initially as his private collection. Whitley was an early conservationist and a contemporary of people such as Sir Peter Scott and Jean Delacour, the famous French ornithologist. Paignton Zoo first opened to the public in 1923. After various name changes, it became Paignton Zoo Environmental Park in 1996.
A five-year redevelopment programme, funded by the European Regional Development Fund, refurbished large parts of the Zoo and was completed in 2001. A new 10-year plan is now in place to redevelop the remaining areas to ensure that all animals are housed in modern enclosures of the highest standard.
Key dates in the zoo's history include:
Conservation.
Paignton Zoo is a member of the British & Irish Association of Zoos and Aquariums (BIAZA), the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria (EAZA) and the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA). Its gardens are members of PLANTNETWORK, Plant Heritage (formerly NCCPG) and Botanic Gardens Conservation International (BGCI). It works with partner zoos and gardens in these organisations on the management of captive breeding and plant conservation programmes for endangered species.
Education and Research.
Paignton Zoo has a large education team which teaches approximately 40,000 students each year from under-5s to post-16s, as well as adult community groups.
Part of the redevelopment programme included the establishment of a Science Department in 1997. Now renamed the Field Conservation and Research Department, this has grown to become one of the leading zoo science departments in Europe, with staff engaged in a programme of projects within the Zoo, at WWCT's other sites in the UK, and at various sites overseas. Projects are carried out at 'A' level, undergraduate and post graduate level.
Projects.
The Whitley Wildlife Conservation Trust and its family of charitable attractions – Paignton Zoo Environmental Park, Living Coasts and Newquay Zoo – supports or is involved in conservation projects in the UK, Nigeria, Zimbabwe, Malawi, Botswana, Tanzania, Kenya, South Africa, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Madagascar, Vietnam and Sulawesi in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="5979402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979402" title="Humber Bay">
Humber Bay

Humber Bay is a bay of Lake Ontario south of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located between Ontario Place on the east and Mimico Creek to the west. The bay gives its name to Etobicoke's Humber Bay neighbourhood.
History.
Prior to 1800 the bay was lined with a sandy shore with forest behind it. The area remained natural until later in the 19th century when it became developed with boathouses and various roadhouses and hotels. The Toronto Harbour Commission reshaped the waterfront, infilling the shoreline by 100 yards from the Humber River east to Wilson Park Avenue. In the 1970s, the Toronto and Region Conservation Authority built Humber Bay Park at the foot of Park Lawn Avenue. The only remaining natural shoreline is that east of Wilson Park Avenue, showing a small bluff to the lake side.
Humber Bay postal village.
The western riverbank of the Humber where it meets Lake Ontario was the site of an informal settlement of homes within the then Etobicoke Township. This neighbourhood was eventually cleared for the building of the Queen Elizabeth Way highway, the railway and other projects. Along Lake Shore Boulevard West in the same vicinity, the area was settled, then cleared for motels, and now cleared for condominium towers. The area is still informally known as Humber Bay.
Half Moon Bay.
Half Moon Bay is the crescent shaped area between Humber Bay, the Western Channel entering Toronto Harbour (from Fort Rouillé to Strachan Avenue).
The area was a site of the landing of American troops during the Battle of York on April 27, 1813.
Today Half Moon Bay is partially covered by infill along Lake Shore Boulevard and by Ontario Place.

</doc>
<doc id="5979403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979403" title="Ludwig Weber">
Ludwig Weber

Ludwig Weber (July 29, 1899December 9, 1974) was an Austrian bass.
Ludwig Weber was born in Vienna in 1899. He initially planned to pursue a career as a teacher and artist when he discovered his vocal promise and decided to pursue an opera career. In 1919 he began studies with Alfred Borrotau, a well-respected teacher, and had his professional debut in 1920 at the Vienna Volksoper where he sang for a few years in smaller roles.
Possessing one of the largest dark-and-cavernous-type bass voices of the twentieth century, Weber was in equally high demand for villainous roles and noble characters. In the mid-1920s Weber was singing in mid-size to leading roles with smaller companies throughout Germany. After a successful appearance at the Munich Wagner Festival of 1931 he joined the Bavarian State Opera in Munich in 1933 and soon began to receive invitations to sing abroad. In 1936 he joined the Royal Opera at Covent Garden where he sang numerous roles for several years including: Pogner, Gurnemanz, Hunding, Hagen, Daland, King Marke, Osmin, Rocco, and Commendatore. In 1945 he became a member of the Vienna State Opera, where he sang a wide repertoire for the next two decades. He became particularly associated with the roles of Richard Wagner. The title role in "Boris Godunov" was one of Weber's favorites, and excerpts (sung in German) survive from a performance broadcast on radio. He sang the role in multiple houses including Covent Garden in 1950. He became a regular performer at the Bayreuth Festival from 1951 to 1962, and he also appeared a number of times at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires. Weber retired from the stage in 1965, by which time he had already started to teach at the Mozarteum in Salzburg (1961).

</doc>
<doc id="5979413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979413" title="Spencer Finch">
Spencer Finch

Spencer Finch (born 1962 in New Haven, Connecticut) is an American artist. In 1985, he graduated "magna cum laude" with a B.A. in comparative literature from Hamilton College; Finch then pursued an M.F.A. in sculpture from the Rhode Island School of Design, graduating in 1989. The first retrospective of his work, which ended in March 2008, was assembled at MASS MoCA in North Adams, MA. He currently lives and works in Brooklyn, NY.
Finch produces work in a wide variety of mediums, including watercolor, photography, glass, electronics, video and fluorescent lights. He is perhaps best known for dealing with the elusive concepts of memory and perception through light installations. After measuring with a colorimeter the light that exist naturally in a specific place and time, Finch's re-constructs the luminosity of the location through artificial means. For example, Moonlight (Luna County, New Mexico, July 13, 2003), replicates the exact light of the full moon that shone over the desert of Luna County, New Mexico on the evening of July 13, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5979414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979414" title="Uncle John's Band">
Uncle John's Band

"Uncle John's Band" is a song by the Grateful Dead that first appeared in their concert setlists in late 1969. The band recorded it for their 1970 album "Workingman's Dead". Written by guitarist Jerry Garcia and lyricist Robert Hunter, "Uncle John's Band" presents the Dead in an acoustic and musically concise mode, with close harmony singing.
The song, one of the band's most well-known, is one of The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll. In 2001 it was named 321st (of 365) in the Songs of the Century project list.
Music and lyrics.
"Uncle John's Band" has one of the Dead's most immediately accessible and memorable melodies, set against a bluegrass-inspired folk arrangement with acoustic guitars. The song's close harmony singing was inspired in part by Crosby, Stills and Nash. Both the music and the lyrics summon up the Dead's feel for Americana, with the song making allusions to both past — Irving Berlin's "Alexander's Ragtime Band" — and present — the fate of the American counterculture at the turn of the decade. In particular, at the end of the tumultuous sixties, when the hopes and dreams for an Age of Aquarius with its Summer of Love became undermined with the hard edges of reality illustrated by the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago and the stabbing death at Altamont, the lyrics encapsulate the core concern of those who survived with the line, "Whoa-oh, what I want to know is are you kind?"
Robert Hunter's lyrics ("It's a buck dancer's choice my friend; better take my advice") may have been influenced by James Dickey's 1965 poem/poetry collection "Buckdancer's Choice."
The identity of "Uncle John" has led to several theories: Blues musician Mississippi John Hurt, who was an influence on the Grateful Dead, was nicknamed "Uncle John". Another possibility is that Uncle John's Band refers to the New Lost City Ramblers as Uncle John was a nickname for John Cohen. Also, Uncle John may be a biblical reference to John the Baptist, who baptized in a river. Such an explanation may correlate to the lyrics "He's come to take his children home."
According to the biography Dark Star by Robert Greenfield, Uncle John could also refer to Jerome John Garcia as it was felt by many that Jerry heavily influenced and "ran" the band.
Part of the lyrics mention 'Don't Tread On Me'.
Single and album history.
Warner Bros. Records released "Uncle John's Band", backed with "New Speedway Boogie", as a single in 1970, but got limited airplay because of length issues. Garcia worked with Warners to cut it down, though he later called the mix "an atrocity." "I gave them instructions on how to properly edit it and they garbled it so completely," Garcia commented. The original album version ended up getting more air play than the revised Warner Bros. version.
In any case, the single reached only number 69 on the U.S. Pop Singles chart. Nevertheless it had a greater impact than its chart performance indicates, it did receive good airplay on progressive rock radio stations and others with looser playlists. At a time when the Grateful Dead were already an underground legend, "Uncle John's Band" (and to some degree its albummate "Casey Jones") was the first time many in the general rock audience actually heard the band's music.
Moreover, the song had an impact on the mainstream because of first using the word "goddamn" in the unedited single, which many radio stations played instead of the edited version; together with the reference to cocaine in "Casey Jones", the two songs made the band a "thorn in the side of Nixon that became a badge of honor to the masses."
The song is available as downloadable content for the video game "Rock Band".
"Uncle John's Band" is one of the Grateful Dead's most frequently played tracks on classic rock radio.

</doc>
<doc id="5979424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979424" title="Janez Orešnik">
Janez Orešnik

Janez Orešnik (born 12 December 1935) is a Slovene linguist. 
He was born on in Ljubljana, Slovenia. He finished his undergraduate studies in comparative Indo-European linguistics at the University of Ljubljana in 1958, and completed his Ph.D. in Germanic Linguistics at the same institution in 1965. He continued with post-doctoral studies at the University of Copenhagen (1959–1961), University of Zagreb (1962–1963), University of Reykjavik (1965–1966) and Harvard University (1969–1970). 
Orešnik is an internationally recognized specialist in comparative linguistics. He served as chair of the Department of Comparative and General Linguistics at the University of Ljubljana from 1990 to 2004. He is a member of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts and a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts.
Until 1990 Orešnik focused on Germanic comparative linguistics and on Scandinavian languages, especially Icelandic. He formulated and partly substantiated some phonological rules of Icelandic. He described several non-standard phenomena of Icelandic phonology, especially within the preterit subjunctive and the imperative. His main publication from this period is "Studies in the Phonology and Morphology of Icelandic" (1985). The volume won the Slovenian Boris Kidrič Foundation Award in 1987. Since 1985 Orešnik, together with a team of younger colleagues, has been developing a theory of strong and weak variants in syntax within Natural Linguistics; that is, synonymous syntactic units that compete with one another in the history of the language. The team has formulated hypotheses about the direction of this competition and has checked the hypotheses in language material. The group organized two international conferences on Natural Linguistics (including the theory of strong and weak variants) at the University of Maribor, Slovenia, in 1993 and 1996. This theory is sometimes called the Slovenian model of Natural Syntax in international circles. After 1999, Orešnik abandoned the notion of strong and weak variants, calling them (morpho)syntactic variants instead. He has published two volumes on this framework: "A predictable aspect of (morpho)syntactic variants" (2001), and "Naturalness in (morpho)syntax: English examples" (2004).
Janez Orešnik received the Golden Order of Merit (zlati red za zasluge) of the Republic of Slovenia in 2004 and the highest Slovenian academic recognition, the Zois Award for lifetime achievements, on November 21, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5979432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979432" title="Abigail Thernstrom">
Abigail Thernstrom

Abigail Thernstrom, a conservative political scientist, is a former Senior Fellow at the Manhattan Institute in New York, a member of the Massachusetts Board of Education, and vice chair of the United States Commission on Civil Rights. She received her Ph.D. from the Department of Government, Harvard University, in 1975. She is a Republican. 
Thernstrom and her husband, Harvard historian Stephan Thernstrom, are the co-authors of "" (Simon & Schuster), which the "New York Times Book Review", in its annual end-of-the-year issue, named as one of the notable books of 1997. 
She serves on several boards, including the Center for Equal Opportunity and the Institute for Justice. From 1992 to 1997 she was a member of the Aspen Institute's Domestic Strategy Group. 
President Bill Clinton chose her as one of three authors to participate in his first "town meeting" on race in Akron, Ohio, on December 3, 1997, and she was part of a small group that met with the President again in the Oval Office on December 19.
She has spoken out against redistricting to create more minority dominated districts to support their interests, citing that racial barriers have fallen significantly to the point that it is not necessary and may be detrimental. Although she is considered by some to be opposed to affirmative action, she has stated that with the election of Obama to presidency, that it does signify the disappearance of racial barriers.
Her daughter is author Melanie Thernstrom.

</doc>
<doc id="5979440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979440" title="Gas burner">
Gas burner

A gas burner is a device to generate a flame to heat up products using a gaseous fuel such as acetylene, natural gas or propane. Some burners have an air inlet to mix the fuel gas with air to make a complete combustion. Acetylene is commonly used in combination with oxygen.
It has many applications such as soldering, brazing and welding, the latter using oxygen instead of air for getting a hotter flame which is required for melting steel. For laboratory uses a natural gas fired Bunsen burner is used. For melting metals with melting points of up to 1100 °C such as copper, silver and gold a propane burner with natural drag of air can be used.
Table 1: Flame temperatures of common gases and fuels.
Info & Assuming: 
Table 2: Explosive limits and ignition temperatures of common gases.
Note: Atmosphere is air at 20 degrees Celsius.

</doc>
<doc id="5979457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979457" title="Lawrence S. Phillips">
Lawrence S. Phillips

Lawrence S. Phillips (born c. 1927) is an American businessman who was chairman of Phillips-Van Heusen until 1995.
Phillips graduated from Princeton University. He is on the boards of Petsmart and the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York. He is founder and chairman of American Jewish World Service.
His political activity earned him a place on the master list of Nixon political opponents.

</doc>
<doc id="5979468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979468" title="E. B. Wilson Medal">
E. B. Wilson Medal

The American Society for Cell Biology's highest honor for science, the E.B. Wilson Medal is presented at the Annual Meeting of the Society for significant and far-reaching contributions to cell biology over the course of a career. It is named after Edmund Beecher Wilson.
Medalists.
The following are the recipients of the E. B. Wilson medal:

</doc>
<doc id="5979476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979476" title="Andy Russell (American football)">
Andy Russell (American football)

Charles Andrew "Andy" Russell (born October 29, 1941) is a former American football linebacker, playing his entire 12-year career for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He played college football for, and earned a degree in economics from, the University of Missouri. At Missouri he was a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity.
As a freshman in high school, he moved from the New York area to St. Louis, attending Ladue High School. Having never played football in the East, he became a starter as a sophomore, playing end. In his junior and senior year, he played fullback and linebacker, earning all-state honors in his senior year. Heavily recruited by out-state universities, he selected Missouri and began a tradition of St. Louis area football players attending their home-state university under Coach Dan Devine.
After playing for the Steelers his rookie season in 1963 and just missing out on playing the Chicago Bears for the NFL Championship, Russell temporarily left the team for the Army to fulfill ROTC commitments from Missouri. He was stationed in Germany for two years, achieving the rank of second lieutenant, and serving as an aide to a three-star general. He then returned to the Steelers in 1966, where he would spend the next 11 seasons.
He was an early member of Pittsburgh's famed Steel Curtain defense, and was named the Steelers' MVP in 1971. He made seven Pro Bowl appearances—in 1969 and from 1971 through 1976—and earned two Super Bowl rings in Super Bowl IX and Super Bowl X. On December 27, 1975 he set the NFL playoff record for a returned touchdown—93 yards in a Three Rivers Stadium victory over the Baltimore Colts. Some have claimed it as the longest football play from scrimmage in time duration.
Coming from a business oriented family (his father was a senior executive with Monsanto Company), Russell has had great success off the field as a partner of Laurel Mountain in Pittsburgh, involved in municipal finance and investment banking.
Russell is the author of two books, "A Steeler Odyssey" and "An Odd Steelers Journey".
References.
Report: 52 NFL Pro Bowl Players Tied to Performance-Enhancing Drugs
http://www.utsandiego.com/sports/nfl/20080921-9999-1s21list.html

</doc>
<doc id="5979477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979477" title="Penny floater">
Penny floater

A penny floater (sometimes known as a "Penny Swerver" or a "Karl's-A-Floater" or a "Boff Catcher") is a kind of cheap football commonly used by children in the western world. Its name derives from the fact that when they were first developed in the 1960s they cost a penny. The floater part comes from the fact that as they are made of a thin layer of hardened plastic filled with air: their light weight makes them susceptible to floating or swerving with the wind.
Penny floaters are commonly used by young children; however amongst older children they are a source of ridicule, being branded cheap "toy" footballs unsuitable for usage. Nonetheless, their cheapness and the fact that they do not damage other objects in urban environments as easily as regular footballs does make them common.

</doc>
<doc id="5979487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979487" title="Keith R. Porter Lecture">
Keith R. Porter Lecture

This lecture, named in memory of Keith R. Porter, is presented to an eminent cell biologist each year at the ASCB Annual Meeting. The ASCB Program Committee and the ASCB President recommend the Porter Lecturer to the Porter Endowment each year.

</doc>
<doc id="5979505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979505" title="KC Masterpiece">
KC Masterpiece

KC Masterpiece is a barbecue sauce which is marketed by the HV Food Products Company, which is a subsidiary of the Clorox Company.
History.
The sauce was test marketed by Rich Davis, who was a child psychiatrist, in 1977 in Kansas City, Missouri as "K.C. Soul Style Barbecue Sauce." The sauce, which originally started with only five ingredients, sold more than 3,000 cases. Davis renamed it KC Masterpiece. During this same time, he also test marketed "Muschup" (a combination of ketchup and mustard) and "Dilled Muschup".
In 1986 he sold the sauce to the Kingsford charcoal division of the Clorox company, which took the barbecue sauce nationwide. He retained rights to use the sauce at restaurants he was to develop. Of the five restaurants opened, none remain in business.

</doc>
<doc id="5979506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979506" title="List of assassinated Indian politicians">
List of assassinated Indian politicians

This is an incomplete list of Important Indian politicians who were assassinated mainly for ideological or political reasons.
This is an incomplete list of Indian politicians who were assassinated mainly for ideological or political reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="5979519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979519" title="Willow Man">
Willow Man

Willow Man is a large outdoor sculpture by Serena de la Hey. It is situated in a field next to the northbound carriageway of the M5 motorway, near Bridgwater in Somerset, South West England, near to the Bristol to Exeter railway line and junction 23 of the motorway. It stands , with a arm span, and is made of black maul willow withies woven over a 3-tonne steel frame.
"Willow Man" was commissioned by South West Arts, for the Year of the Artist, and was unveiled in September 2000.
It marks the millennium and celebrates the role of willow in the ecology and craft tradition of the Somerset Levels.
The first sculpture was burnt down in an arson attack on 8 May 2001.
The sculpture was rebuilt by the same artist in October 2001,
and a circular moat was excavated around it as a precaution against further attacks.
A notable landmark, it can be described as a somehow permanent Wicker man sculpture. The sculpture is popularly known as Withy Man, or "Angel of the South" in reference to Antony Gormley's sculpture "Angel of the North". The name "Angel of the South" is now also in more common usage as the unofficial title for a proposed colossal sculpture in Ebbsfleet.
In September 2006 "Willow Man" received "a £20,000 hair cut".
The sculptor Serena de la Hey said that she thought many local birds had been using the material for their nests. When the artist saw her sculpture she was "shocked to see the wear and tear".

</doc>
<doc id="5979525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979525" title="Conowingo Bridge">
Conowingo Bridge

Several incarnations of the Conowingo Bridge crossed the Susquehanna River at the original location of Conowingo, Maryland, USA, about two miles upstream of the Conowingo Dam, which replaced it.
History.
The original Conowingo Bridge was a seven-span, , covered bridge built between 1818 and 1820 by Louis Wernwag, who also worked on the Rock Run Bridge. (Another source lists 1844.) That bridge was destroyed, in 1846 or 1847, by a flood. A new wooden covered bridge opened in 1859.
This crossing was an important link between Maryland and northern states in the 19th century. During the American Civil War it was guarded on its southern approach and some of the bridge decking removed to prevent surreptitious crossing.
On 6 June 1907, "firebugs" set fire to the 1859 bridge using kerosene. About three-quarters of a mile of it burned. The bridge was rebuilt as a steel structure in 1909. In 1911 the state of Maryland bought the bridge and ended the tolls.
With the completion of the dam in 1928 both the town and the crossing were relocated due to the rising waters impounded by the dam. The road crossing moved to the top of the dam. The bridge was then destroyed by dynamite.

</doc>
<doc id="5979527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979527" title="Bocfölde">
Bocfölde

Bocfölde (often spelled as "Bocfolde" in English documents) is a village in Western Hungary. It has a growing commuter community that works in Zalaegerszeg, the county seat and regional industrial center that is located about to the North.
Location, Geography.
Bocfölde is settled on the left bank of the Válicka a small river originating in the Southwest of Zala County and merging into the Zala River. Zalaegerszeg is to the North, village of Csatár (1 km) is to the East, and Sárhida (2 km) is to the South. Roads crossing the hills of Bocfölde to the valley on the West could be safely ridden only by four-wheel drive vehicles. Older houses were built on the Zala Hills overlooking the Válicka Valley, whereas from the 1960s a new settlement developed in the Valley itself. Here, European route E65, a local road connecting to Zalaegerszeg-Sárhida-Bak, and the Zalaegerszeg-Rédics railway provide convenient access to the rest of the region.
Bocfölde is part of Göcsej, a geographic, historical, architectural, and ethnographic unit, that maintained elements of a unique agricultural culture until the 1950s and 1960s, when industrialization and modernization accelerated. Göcseji Falumúzeum, a reconstructed model village displaying original houses, agricultural buildings collected from the Göcsej region is nearby in Zalaegerszeg.
History.
Its first recorded name, in 1247, is "Possessio Buchfelden". Its stone church, mentioned in a 1426 document, was dedicated to Saint Margaret of Hungary. The church and the entire village were destroyed in the 17th Century. Its decline started after the Ottoman army won a major battle against the Hungarians at Mohács in 1526. As the Ottoman troops used the Kanizsa-Sopron-Vienna road, which crossed the village, for several military campaigns, Bocfölde settlement was deserted. The village became completely exposed in 1571 when the Ottoman troops occupied the nearby defensive fort of Kanizsa, now Nagykanizsa. The village was resettled, away from the Kanizsa-Sopron road, in the relative protection of surrounding forested hills, after the end of Ottoman occupation in the late 17th century. By 1826 its population, made up by families of small land owners, grew to 413 residents of 56 households.
Demographics.
Ethnic composition: 86.7% Hungarian, 6.3% Roma, 8.3% unknown/no response (2001 Census).
Religious affiliations: 74% Roman Catholic, 1.1% Reformed Christian, 0.5% Evangelical, 6.9% no affiliations, 17.3% no response (2001 Census).
Sites of interest.
(The later two are in the old center of the village, on the top of the main hill.) 

</doc>
