<doc id="5989427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989427" title="Clansman">
Clansman

Clansman is the name of a combat net radio system (CNR) used by the British Army from 1976 to 2010.
Clansman was developed by the Signals Research and Development Establishment (SRDE) in the 1960s, to satisfy a General Staff Requirement (GSR) laid down in 1965. Most Clansman radio equipment was built by Racal, Mullard Equipment Ltd (MEL) and Plessey, although headsets and ancillaries were also produced by Amplivox, Marconi and others. Clansman represented a considerable advance over existing radios being offered to the Armed Forces at the time. It replaced the aging Larkspur radio system, and proved to be more flexible, reliable and far lighter. The technological advances achieved in the design of Clansman allowed the introduction of Single SideBand (SSB) operation and NarrowBand Frequency Modulation (NBFM) to forward area combat net radio for the first time.
Clansman was in use by British forces from the late 1970s and saw service in most recent UK military operations. It was replaced in the mid-2000s by the new Bowman communication system.
Family.
The Clansman family of Military Radio Sets comprises nine main radio units, operating in the High Frequency (HF), Very High Frequency (VHF) and the Ultra High Frequency (UHF) Radio Bands.
Models are designated "UK/PRC" or "UK/VRC", which stand for "United Kingdom / Portable Radio Communicator" and "United Kingdom / Vehicle Radio Communicator" respectively. The radios first came into service in the late 1970s at that time the main advantage of the Clansman radios was that they were all frequency synthesised (switched channels, as opposed to using a variable tuning scale for example). This provided frequency stability, obviating the need to tune the radio again, once a frequency was set. Previous UK military radios were much less stable, and had to be frequently tuned (or might need to be tweaked to "pull in" a weak signal).
Clansman HF Radio Sets.
UK/PRC 316.
A late introduction to the Larkspur range, its original designation was A16 Lightweight HF Radio Station. Deployed in tropical or high temperature climates, it was powered by either a standard 12VDC Battery that connected directly to the set or if issued, a Leclanche Battery that connected directly to the set. It was compatible with most D10 or R4 Copper stranded antenna systems that was currently fielded at that time, some examples being the Shirley, Jamaica, Half Jamaica and Yagi.
Despite not being of the Clansman family, its late introduction to service coupled with its Clansman equivalent, the PRC/RT320 not being ready meant the PRC 316 survived for just over 5 years once Clansman was introduced. Once the PRC/RT320 was completed and fully fielded, the PRC 316 was rapidly withdrawn. Another reason cited for its retention was that it was relatively easy to operate and was inter-operable with the other HF Radios in the Clansman family.
UK/PRC 319.
Special Forces and STA Patrol man-portable, patrol level radio HF / VHF, Half-duplex transceiver capable of burst transmission which was built in the United Kingdom by MEL. Features include key-pad entry of frequency, mode and data with digital LCD display; 10 pairs of pre-programmable channels; half-duplex operation with the option of transmitting and receiving on different channels; the option of using a removable pocket sized electronic message unit (EMU) to transmit and receive short data communications; fully automatic antenna tuner which can be remoted up to 50m from the set using standard co-ax cable; Self test facility. power output is 50 watts PEP on high power setting with an adjustable low power of 2-5 watts. Frequency range is 1.5-40 MHz with upper sideband, data, or CW modulation.
UK/PRC 320.
An HF/USB/AM/CW transceiver built by Plessey and issued down to company level. The set operates in the 2-29.9999 MHz range with a possible 280,000 channels. RF power output is a selectable 3 or 30 watts. derived from an earlier prototype known as the B20. The PRC 320 can be used as a manpack (backpack) or vehicular radio and it originally replaced the Larkspur Station Radio (SR) A13 SR C13 and other HF Radios in service with the British Army.
The PRC320 can be used with a number of different Clansman antennas that are supplied with the set; A 2.4m whip antenna is supplied for portable manpack operation using HF groundwave communication. Alternatively a dipole antenna can be used for HF Skywave operation. See VRC 321 below for typical ranges achievable using these modes of propagation. The set includes a built-in Antenna Tuning Unit (ATU), this electrically matches the whip antenna length to the radio frequency in use. The ATU can also match any other wire antenna to the operating frequency. The set together with its ancillaries (batteries, cables, audio gear and antenna parts) together make up the complete equipment schedule (CES).
It is a well known fact in signalling (military radio operating) that the use of morse code and later data transmission and reception could extend the range and add to the versatility of the UK/PRC 320. After Market a number of data entry devices were produced as add ons such as MEROD, TDED and Kipling.
Current Users. Clansman HF Sets are still in use in the UK by the Cadet Forces. Many of the sets have found their way into amateur service since the Clansman system became obsolete.
UK/VRC 321.
An vehicle-borne High Frequency (HF) transmitter/receiver used for inter company communications outside of the normal working range of the VHF forward area nets it can also be used dismounted from a vehicle as a ground station with an external power supply or batteries and antenna system. It was also used for rear link communications up to Brigade level and administrative radio nets.
The set uses USB/AM or CW with an RF output of 20 - 30 Watts. It was Manufactured by MEL at Crawley in Sussex and replaced the Larkspur SR C13 and C11 R210 HF Vehicle Stations.
The radio is issued together with ancillaries to make up the operating station, inducing a power cable, antenna tuner unit, coaxial cables and antenna wires. Other accessories such as the selectivity unit radio frequency (SURF) were available. The SURF, when tuned, allowed more than one set to be operated from the same position without interfering with each other.
The standard antenna tuning unit used with the UK/RT 321 is the Tuning Unit Radio Frequency (TURF) 25 Watts. This could be used either attached to the set, or remotely depending on which antenna configuration was used.
UK/VRC 322.
A VRC321 station with the addition of a 300 Watt peak envelope power (PEP) linear amplifier (ARF 250W) and appropriate high power antenna tuning unit (TURF 250) manufactured by MEL of Crawley, Sussex.
Clansman VHF Radio Sets.
UK/PRC 349.
An intra-section level portable VHF FM transceiver. Built by Racal BCC. RF power output is 0.25 watts. Units supplied to the British Army operate in the 37 - 46.975 MHz range, voice (FM) transmission Mode and 25 kHz channel separation. A high power (2 Watts) output version was also available and any 10 MHz block in the range 30 - 76 MHz could be supplied. Worn in a holster on the chest or back. The PRC349 was added to the Clansman family in 1972.
TR\RT 350.
A short Range VHF Set covering 30 to 59.975 MHz
UK/PRC 351/352.
An intra-platoon level backpack VHF FM transceiver. Built by Racal BCC. The PRC 351 has 4 watt RF power output, and operates in 30-75.975 MHz range with possible 1840 channels spaced 25 kHz apart. This radio is also capable of being mounted on a vehicle in conjunction with the TUAAM. The PRC 352 is identical, with the addition of a 20 watt RF amplifier and can be used as a ground station.
UK/VRC 353.
A vehicle-mounted VHF FM transceiver built by Marconi Space and Defence Systems. The frequency range and channel separation is the same as the 351/352 with power settings up to 50 W. Antenna systems are provided to provide improved performance in semi-static situations such as an elevated broadband vertical dipole mounted on an 8 metre mast. The VRC is also capable of data transmission and when used in conjunction with an add-on unit (Digital Master Unit)provides a medium level secure speech network.
Clansman UHF Radio Sets.
UK/PRC 344.
A forward air control UHF AM transceiver. Built by Plessey. Operates in 225-399.9 range with 50 kHz steps for possible 3500 channels. RF power output is rated at 2.5 watts.
Batteries and Charging.
Manpack and Portable Stations. Re-chargeable batteries were supplied for all of the portable range of radios. The PRC 344, PRC 351, 351/2 and PRC 320 all shared the same common battery - the 24 Volt 3.3 Ampere\Hour Nickel Cadmium (NICAD) type later upgraded to 4 Ampere\Hour (or Ah). Each radio would be issued with three batteries, and a range of battery chargers was available for this common battery.
With the exception of the PRC 349 and UK RT 350 which are 12 Volt (nominal), The Manpack and Portable sets and their chargers were almost all nominally rated 24V DC (Direct Current) to match the British Army's choice of 24 Volts to power its vehicle systems. The Direct Current Charging Units (DCCU) was used to float charge (provide a top up charge while the set was in use) the manpack battery, while it was mounted in a vehicle, using a clip in kit for example. It could also provide a full charge cycle over 4.5 Hours from flat, switching itself out of circuit when complete. (A clip-in kit locked the radio in a convenient frame for rapid deployment when dismounting, and had the charger as part of the installation.) There were a few exceptions where 24 Volts was not used in vehicles, such as in the General Service (GS) Landrover where a 12v system was used for example. A 12 Volt DCCU was provided. The Clansman 24V 4Ah Nickel Cadmium Battery was prolific and for convenience an Alternating Current Charging Unit (ACCU) was provided for use in barracks where up to sixteen batteries could be charged simultaneously or singularly. All of these chargers worked the same, basically providing an appropriate charging current while sensing the battery temperature to detect when charging was complete, achieved by measuring the voltage across two sets of a series pair of silicon diodes in the battery itself, one series pair would sense the internal temperature of the cells the other series pair fitted close to the outer case of the battery to sense ambient temperature, the difference in temperature being used to determine the state of charge. One drawback of the Clansman 24V 4Ah NICAD is that failure of these diodes makes batteries unserviceable. Also due to partial charge cycles due to the 'memory effect' of the Nicad cells. A discharge process could have prevented such failures, but was not provided for in either the DC or ACCU. Specialists can rebuild the unserviceable Clansman NICAD battery.
Later an intelligent battery management system (IBMS) was provided which automatically conditioned one or more batteries, a process which ensured only complete charge cycles were applied, in order to avoid the NICAD memory effect.
The PRC 349 was originally intended for use with 1.5V AAA Alkaline batteries and provided with a cassette to hold them. As these became more expensive a variety of mains adapters and nickel cadmium batteries came into service.
The PRC 350 had its own 14V 4Ah NICAD and a battery cassette for use with Alkaline or Dry Cells.
A lithium version was later introduced as a lightweight replacement for the 24V 4Ah NICAD.
Vehicle Sets. These were nominally 24 Volt and were powered by lead acid batteries which were charged by the vehicle alternator, an auxiliary engine fitted to the vehicle, or a charging engine or generator - particularly when ground mounted or static.
AC Adapters, Transformers and Switched Mode Power Supplies. A number of AC Mains units were provided so that sets could be used in barracks.
Later - a series of adaptors such as the ADAPTER CHARGER DC 14.4/24.V. came into service which when added to the DCCU could be used to charge multiple and various batteries - charging 2x 14V or 2x 24V NICADS for example.
Clansman Control Harness and Accessories.
Clansman Control Harness refers to a range of accessories which were fitted into vehicles for the purpose of controlling the set(s) and providing other features such as loud speakers, a vehicle intercom system, and switching between two radio sets. Control boxes provided the switching and facilities to plug the audio gear into.
Clansman Audio Gear.
A Range of Audio Gear for use in various roles are commonly provided such as; the Lightweight 'B' Vehicle and Infantry Headset (Headset BV and I), the Clansman Handset, a Pressel (Press to Talk or PTT) Switch and the Audio Gear Staff User (AGS). The AGS featured Special Sonovalve technology - a feature designed to allow background noise into the headset through a special valve. In Armoured fighting vehicles an Electronic Automatic Noise Reducing System was provided.
Clansman Accessories.
IBRU (Interconnecting Box Radio-rebroadcast Unit).
Used in conjunction with the "Harness" point on VRC 353 and VRC 321 units, to operate 2 or more sets as a Rebro. (ReBroadcast). Re-Broadcasting allows 2+ networks, on different frequencies, to be combined, effectively increasing the ground size of the net. For instance, a vehicle using whip antennas may only be able to communicate 30 km; though placing a Rebro vehicle 30 km away could extend this to 60 km by re-broadcasting the signal on a second net.
DMU.
A Digital Master Unit or DMU is used to provide digital communications and to provide secure encrypted communications on a VHF network, when working to similarly equipped radios. This required additional equipment such as the BID 250 and associated Crypto key material.
SURF.
A SURF (Selector Unit Radio Frequency) is used to prevent interference to operation of the radio sets. The SURF is an electrical filter, designed to reject unwanted interference from other radios when operating in close proximity to each other. The SURF is tuned using a manual control on the front of the unit, so that only the frequency in use, and those close to it, are accepted by the set. A Range of SURFs were provided for attachment to the VHF PRC350, PRC351/2 (SURF 4 Watt) and also the HF PRC320 (SURF 12 Watt)and VRC 321 (SURF 25 Watt).
Antenna Tuning and Matching.
TURF.
A TURF (Tuning Unit Radio Frequency) is an Antenna Tuning Unit or ATU. It is used to artificially lengthen the antenna (or tune it) Often at HF wavelengths for example an antenna would be physically too long to attach to a radio without affecting portability and manoeuvrability. A shorter vehicle whip was more practicable and also field antennas were constructed with for example, vertical radiators constructed using the Racal 8 or 12 metre masts. Because these were an electrical compromise, they had to be tuned by use of a TURF (or electrically matched to the set). The TURF 25 Watt (a separate unit to the radio) is considered mandatory when using the VRC321 it tunes both unbalanced, end fed wires and whips and also balanced antenna such as the dipole.
An antenna tuning unit is built into the manpack PRC 320. The TURF requires users to manually tune the antenna, unlike the VHF "TUAAM" which is an Automatic Tuning Unit.
TUAAM.
A TUAAM (Tuning Unit Automatic Antenna Matching) is an ATU which matches the antenna at VHF and which is used mainly with the VRC 353 and PRC 351/2 (when used with the clip-in kit and mounted in a vehicle). The TUAAM automatically tunes the antenna, and artificially shortens it rather than lengthening it, but essentially it performs the same function as a TURF.
Clansman Antenna.
A Range of Antennas specially manufactured for use with Clansman Radio:
Elevated VHF Antenna (EVHF).
An elevated end fed dipole for use with the VHF Radio to extend the range when mounted on an 8 or 12 Meter Mast.

</doc>
<doc id="5989430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989430" title="2005 LSU Tigers football team">
2005 LSU Tigers football team

The 2005 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the 2005 NCAA Division I-A football season. Coached by Les Miles in his first season at LSU, the Tigers played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Despite all of the distractions from Hurricane Katrina, LSU finished its season with an 11–2 record capped off by a 40–3 victory over No. 9 Miami in the 2005 Peach Bowl without starting quarterback JaMarcus Russell.
LSU's season open against No. 15 Arizona State was originally scheduled as home game for the Tigers, but when LSU offered hurricane victims refuge on their campus, the NCAA moved the game to Tempe, Arizona. Things looked bleak for the Tigers early in the fourth quarter against Arizona State when they trailed 17–7. Then LSU's special teams blocked two kicks, a 47-yard field goal attempt and a punt, returning both for TDs to give LSU a 21–17 lead. However, Arizona State regained the lead at 31–28 with four minutes left in the game. LSU started with the ball on their own 9-yard line. Nine plays later, LSU found themselves in a fourth down situation on the Arizona State 39-yard line where JaMarcus Russell threw a 39-yard TD to Early Doucet to take a 35–31 lead. Arizona State tried their own game-winning drive, but they were stopped on downs inside the Tigers' 30-yard line.
LSU's first home game came on prime time against No. 10 Tennessee. The game was moved from Saturday to Monday, September 26 because of Hurricane Rita. LSU had a huge lead at halftime, but the lead slipped away and the Tigers lost the game in overtime.
On October 15, LSU faced No. 11 Florida. Late in the third quarter, the Gators went up 17–14. Then, early in the fourth quarter JaMarcus Russell led the Tigers on a 12-play, 75-yard drive, capped by a 3-yard TD run by Joseph Addai, which put the Tigers up 21–17. LSU's defense took over from there, holding Florida to less than 30 yards the rest of the fourth quarter.
On October 22, LSU squared off against No. 16 Auburn. With just under five minutes left in the game, Auburn took a 17–14 lead. LSU responded by driving down to the Auburn 27-yard line, setting up a 44-yard field goal attempt by Chris Jackson. The kick was good, and the game went to overtime. LSU took the first possession and Chris Jackson made a 30-yard field goal to put LSU up 20–17. LSU's defense forced Auburn settle for a 39-yard field goal attempt by John Vaughn. Vaughn's kick hit the left upright, giving LSU the victory.
On November 12, LSU went to Tuscaloosa to play undefeated No. 4 Alabama. At halftime, Alabama led 10–0, but the Tigers came back in the third quarter to tie the game 10–10. After the Tigers missed three second half field goal attempts, the game went to overtime. In overtime, the Tiger defense held Alabama to a field goal. During LSU's ensuing possession, JaMarcus Russell hit Dwayne Bowe for an 11-yard TD pass, giving LSU a 16–13 victory.
LSU Tigers in the 2006 National Football League Draft.
http://www.pro-football-reference.com/draft/2006.htm
LSU Tigers in the 2006 Canadian Football League Draft.
http://cfl.ca/canadian_draft/list?year=2006&team=

</doc>
<doc id="5989432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989432" title="Soup of the Day">
Soup of the Day

Soup of the Day was a loosely scripted 2006 web series about a man dating three women at the same time. It consisted of 19 self-contained episodes, and was later released on DVD as a full-length movie.
Background.
"Soup of the Day" debuted in May 2006. Its episodes varied from 3 to 8 minutes in length, and were posted on each Monday, Wednesday, and Friday to video sites including YouTube and Break.com. Sometimes episodes were posted only hours after editing was completed.
The 19 episodes reportedly received a total of over 6 million views as of October 2006.
As the story unfolded online, the audience was encouraged to interact with Brandon on MySpace. The character maintained a real-time profile page at MySpace, and received advice from viewers as to which girl he should pick, which could influence the plot. This interactive element of the series came from director Scott Zakarin, creator of the internet's first episodic series "The Spot" in 1995.
The entire series was originally viewable at SoupMovie.com, but was later revised to simply direct users to where they can buy the series on DVD. The DVD was released in February 2007 by Echo Bridge Home Entertainment, and features the original 19 episodes, a re-cut film-length version of the series, and hours of bonus materials including bloopers, deleted scenes, filmmaker commentary, cast interviews, and an alternate ending.
Plot.
Brandon Craig is a man who is dating three women at the same time. He met all three girls in one night. One is his boss, Monique, and she will destroy his career if he breaks up with her. Another is Wendy, a tough undercover cop, who will beat him up if he breaks up with her. The third is Franki, the host of Missileblast (a parody of Rocketboom), who is a manic depressant who will act upon her suicidal tendencies if Brandon breaks up with her.

</doc>
<doc id="5989434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989434" title="Jim Baumer">
Jim Baumer

James Sloan Baumer (January 29, 1931 – July 8, 1996) was an American professional baseball player, scout, and front office executive. A right-handed-hitting infielder born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Baumer was a graduate of Broken Arrow Senior High. During his active career, he stood tall and weighed .
Baumer had a highly unusual Major League playing career. After reaching the Majors at age 18 with the Chicago White Sox, Baumer hit .400 (four hits in ten at bats, including a double and a triple). He then disappeared into the minor leagues and would not return to MLB until, as a 30-year-old, he had a brief trial with the Cincinnati Reds. Baumer appeared in ten of Cincinnati's first 13 games, eight as the Reds' starting second baseman, but collected only three singles and batted .125. The day of his last MLB game, April 27, 1961, the Reds acquired second baseman Don Blasingame in a trade with the San Francisco Giants, and Baumer was benched. He was traded to the Detroit Tigers for first baseman Dick Gernert on May 10, and returned to the minor leagues. Overall, Baumer batted .206 in 18 MLB games and 34 at bats, with two runs batted in. After his big league career, Baumer played for the Nishitetsu Lions in Japan from until .
When his playing career ended, Baumer became a scout with the Houston Astros and Milwaukee Brewers, and was promoted to Milwaukee's director of scouting in . The following season, he succeeded Jim Wilson as the Brewers' general manager. Baumer's most successful transaction during his three-year tenure as GM was his acquisition of first baseman Cecil Cooper from the Boston Red Sox following the season. However, the Brewers struggled on the field, and after their eighth straight losing season in Milwaukee in , Baumer was fired and replaced by Harry Dalton.
He then joined the Philadelphia Phillies as a scout, and was promoted to director of the Phils' scouting and farm system operations in 1981. Two laters later, Baumer was named a team vice president. His role diminished after a front-office purge in , but he remained with the Phillies as an area scout.
Baumer died at age 65 in the Philadelphia suburb of Paoli, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5989441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989441" title="Lawrence Plaza">
Lawrence Plaza

Lawrence Plaza is a shopping centre in Canada located on the northwest corner of Bathurst Street and Lawrence Avenue West in Toronto. It is also the name of a small shopping plaza in Santa Clara, California serving the Korean community with a grocery store, bakery, coffee shop, and a food court; this article describes the shopping centre in Toronto.
History.
It was built around 1953 and was visited by Queen Elizabeth II in the 1950s. The land was still cow pastures in 1951 as the homes in the area were being built in the 1950s. The mall serves the neighbourhood of Lawrence Manor.
The plaza consists of a single level with offices on the second floor, except for the two-level building on the corner, which was originally occupied by Morgan's and then the Hudson's Bay Company (The Bay), the Dominion Save-a-Centre, Metro and Winners.
The kosher-style (but not kosher) dairy restaurant United Bakers moved to the plaza in 1986.
Around 1995, a major renovation was planned that would have resulted in a staged demolition and rebuild of the entire premises. This renovation was cancelled and no additional parking has been added to the mall since its construction.
It is served by two Toronto Transit Commission bus stops on Lawrence Avenue directly adjacent to the plaza, and two more stops on Bathurst Street. In addition, there is a local wheelchair-accessible community bus stop within the plaza, and the Lawrence West subway station is nearby.
See also.
Other strip plazas in Toronto include:

</doc>
<doc id="5989445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989445" title="Ladywell School">
Ladywell School

The Ladywell School, in Duke Street, Glasgow, Scotland, was a school for pupils between 12 and 16 who had learning difficulties. It was housed in the Alexander’s School building from the 1970s until the early 1990s. Anne Bombelli was the last head teacher. It has moved to 12a Victoria Park Road South, Scotstoun.

</doc>
<doc id="5989450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989450" title="Sigeberht of East Anglia">
Sigeberht of East Anglia

Sigeberht of East Anglia (also known as Saint Sigebert), (Old English: "Sigebryht") was a saint and a king of East Anglia, the Anglo-Saxon kingdom which today includes the English counties of Norfolk and Suffolk. He was the first English king to receive a Christian baptism and education before his succession and the first to abdicate in order to enter the monastic life. The principal source for Sigeberht is Bede's "Ecclesiastical History of the English People", which was completed in the 730s.
Sigeberht was probably either a younger son of Rædwald of East Anglia, or his step-son from Rædwald's marriage to a pagan princess from the kingdom of Essex. Nothing is known of his life before he was forced into exile in Gaul, which was possibly done in order to ensure that Rædwald's own descendants ruled the kingdom. After his step-brother Eorpwald's assassination in about 627, Sigeberht returned to East Anglia and (perhaps in the aftermath of a military campaign) became king, ruling jointly with Ecgric, who may have been either a son of Rædwald's, or his nephew.
During Sigeberht's reign the cause of Christianity in East Anglia was advanced greatly, even though his co-ruler Ecgric probably remained a pagan. Alliances were strengthened between the Christian kingdoms of Kent, Northumbria and East Anglia. Sigeberht himself played an important part in the establishment of the Christian faith in his kingdom: Saint Felix arrived in East Anglia to assist him in establishing his episcopal see at Dommoc, he started a school for teaching Latin and he granted the Irish monk Saint Fursey a monastery site at Cnobheresburg (possibly Burgh Castle). He eventually abdicated his power to Ecgric and retired to his monastery at Beodricesworth. At an unknown date, East Anglia was attacked by a Mercian army led by its king, Penda. Ecgric and the East Anglians appealed to Sigeberht to lead them in battle, but he refused and had to be dragged from his monastery to the battlefield. He refused to bear arms during the battle, during which both kings were slain and the East Anglian army was destroyed.
Family background, exile, conversion and education.
Sigeberht ruled the kingdom of East Anglia (), a small independent Anglo-Saxon kingdom that comprised what are now the English counties of Norfolk and Suffolk and perhaps the eastern part of the Cambridgeshire Fens.
It is not known when Sigeberht was born and nothing is known of his life before he exiled from East Anglia prior to becoming king, as few records have survived from this period of English history. The most reliable source for Sigeberht's background and career is Bede's "Ecclesiastical History of the English People" (produced in 731), in which Bede stated that Sigeberht was the brother of Eorpwald and the son of Rædwald, who ruled the kingdom of East Anglia from about 599 to 624, but William of Malmesbury described him as Rædwald's stepson. The stepson theory is strengthened by the fact that the name "Sigeberht" is without comparison in the East Anglian Wuffingas dynasty, but closely resembles the naming fashions of the East Saxon royal house. If this identification is correct (and Charles Cawley warns that it should be treated with scepticism), Rædwald's wife had previously been married to an East Saxon prince or ruler. Rædwald's own principal heir was Rægenhere (a youth of warrior age in 616, when he was slain in battle) and his second heir was Eorpwald, slain by the heathen Ricberht in about 627. (There is no ancient record that Ricbehrt was a son of Rædwald's, nor that he was a king.)
Rædwald was personally converted and baptised before 616 and a Christian altar existed in his temple, but his son Eorpwald was not himself a convert when he succeeded Rædwald in about 624. Since it is known that Rædwald's wife (who was Sigeberht's mother) did not become a Christian, Sigeberht must have received limited encouragement to convert to Christianity before being sent to Gaul and remaining there as an exile for many years during the lifetime of Eorpwald, "while fleeing from the enmity of Rædwald", as Bede reports. His exile supports the stepson theory, if Rædwald was protecting Eorpwald's succession against a possible claim by a son who was not of the Wuffingas line.
Whilst living in Gaul as an exile, Sigeberht was converted and baptized and became a devout Christian and a man of learning. He was strongly impressed by the religious institutions and schools for the study of reading and writing which he found during his long exile.
King of the East Angles.
Accession.
After an interregnum prompted by Eorpwald's assassination, Sigeberht returned from Gaul to become ruler of the East Angles. It is likely that he gained the kingdom by military means, because his prowess as a commander was later remembered. During his reign, part of the kingdom was governed by Ecgric his 'kinsman', a relationship described by the Latin term "cognatus". This may mean that Ecgric was a son of Rædwald. However, the historian Steven Plunkett is amongst those that consider Ecgric to be the same person as Æthelric, named in the East Anglian tally (in the "Anglian collection") as a son of Eni, Rædwald's brother. Whoever the pagan Ecgric was, Sigeberht had equal or senior power while he ruled, because the influence of his religious patronage was felt throughout his kingdom.
Sigeberht's Christian conversion may have been a decisive factor in his achieving royal power, since at that time Edwin of Northumbria (616–632 or 633) was the senior English king and he and Eadbald, who ruled Kent, were Christian. Eadbald certainly had contacts with the Frankish rulers. After Dagobert succeeded Clothar II in Francia in 628, Sigeberht's emergence helped to strengthen the English conversion upon which Edwin's power rested. Sigeberht is likely to have encouraged the conversion of Ecgric, if he was not already Christian. Edwin's encouragement took shape in the marriage of his grand-niece Hereswitha, sister of Hilda of Whitby, to Æthelric, Rædwald's nephew. Hereswith and Hilda were under Edwin's protection and were baptised with him in 626.
Foundation of the East Anglian bishopric.
Bede relates that the East Anglian apostle Saint Felix came to England from Burgundy as a missionary bishop and was sent by Saint Honorius, Archbishop of Canterbury, to assist in establishing Christianity in Sigeberht's kingdom. William of Malmesbury had the later story that Felix accompanied Sigeberht to East Anglia. In either case, this dates Sigeberht's accession to around 629–630, because Felix was bishop for seventeen years, his successor Thomas for five and Thomas' successor Berhtgisl Boniface for seventeen – and Berhtgisl died in around 669. Sigeberht established the bishop's seat of his kingdom for Felix at Dommoc, claimed variously for Dunwich or Walton, Felixstowe (both coastal sites in Suffolk). If the seat was at Walton (as Rochester claimed during the 13th century), the site of Dommoc may have been within the precinct of a Roman fort which formerly stood there.
Foundation of the East Anglian school.
Sigeberht secured the future of the Church in East Anglia when he established a school in his kingdom so that boys could be taught reading and writing in Latin, on the model that he had witnessed in Gaul. Felix assisted him by obtaining teachers of the kind who taught in Kent. According to the "Life of Gregory the Great", Paulinus of York, who from 633 to 644 was the Bishop of Rochester in northern Kent, had been connected with Rædwald's court during the exile of Edwin.
Foundation of Cnobheresburg.
The allegiance of Felix to Canterbury determined the Roman basis of the East Anglian Church, influenced along continental lines, though Felix's training in Burgundy may have been coloured by the teaching of the Irish missionary Saint Columbanus in Luxeuil. In around 633, perhaps shortly before Saint Aidan was sent to Lindisfarne from Iona, the Irish royal hermit and missionary Saint Fursey came to East Anglia from the Athlone area, along with his priests and brethren. Sigeberht granted him a monastery site in an old Roman fort called Cnobheresburg, usually identified as Burgh Castle, near Great Yarmouth. Felix and Fursey both effected a large number of conversions and established many churches in Sigeberht's kingdom. Bede records that Archbishop Honorius and Bishop Felix much admired the work of Saint Aidan of Lindisfarne and it is therefore likely that they also appreciated the tasks accomplished by Saint Fursey, whose community also lived according to the ascetic principles of Irish Christianity.
Abdication and martyrdom.
At some point during his reign, Sigeberht abdicated his power to Ecgric and retired to lead a religious life within a monastery he had built for his own use. Bede does not name the location of Sigeberht's monastery, but later sources name it as Beodricesworth, afterwards called Bury St Edmunds. If that identification is accepted, the likely site was in the original precinct of the mediaeval abbey at Bury St Edmunds, probably the 'worth' or curtilage of Beodric after whom the place was originally named. The site occupied a strong position on the upper reaches of the Lark valley, which drains north-west into the Great Fen through important early settlements at Icklingham, Culford, West Stow and others. This was a line of access towards Ely, where a foundation of Saint Augustine may already have existed, and towards Soham, where Saint Felix is thought to have founded a monastery.
At an unknown date, which may have been in the early 640s, East Anglia was attacked by a Mercian army and Ecgric was obliged to defend it with a much smaller force, though one that was not negligible. The East Angles appealed to Sigeberht to leave his monastery and lead them in battle, hoping that his presence and the memory of his former military exploits would encourage the army and make them less likely to flee. Sigeberht refused, saying that he had renounced his worldly kingdom and now lived only for the heavenly kingdom. However, he was dragged from the monastery to the battlefield where, unwilling to bear arms, he went into battle carrying only a staff. The Mercians were victorious and Sigeberht, Ecgric and many of the East Angles were slain and their army was routed. In this way Sigeberht became a Christian martyr. He is among the names of the kings who according to an ancient saying, were avenged by the slaying of Penda in 654.
The Church that Sigeberht had done so much to establish in East Anglia survived for two centuries, enduring 'evil times' (such as the period when the kingdom was under attack by the armies of Penda of Mercia). It lasted continuously under a succession of bishops until the Danish Great Heathen Army invaded East Anglia in the 860s.
"Lives of the English Saints", written by John Henry Newman in 1843, is amongst the texts that gives Sigeberht's feast day as being observed on 29 October.

</doc>
<doc id="5989454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989454" title="Edmund Wattis Littlefield">
Edmund Wattis Littlefield

Edmund Wattis Littlefield (1914–2001) was a prominent California businessman, philanthropist, and member of the Bohemian Club.
Biography.
Littlefield was the grandson of Edmund Orson Wattis, Jr, one of the founders of Utah Construction Company. Littlefield started his business career as a water boy for the Utah Construction Company. He received an undergraduate degree in 1936 and an MBA in 1938 from Stanford University. During World War II he served as an officer in the U.S. Navy and an analyst on petroleum supplies for the war effort. 
In 1951, Littlefield return to Utah Construction Company as the vice president of finance. He became the general manager and principal officer of Utah Construction Company in 1958. Under his leadership, Utah Construction Company became the most profitable mining and land development company in the United States in the 1960s, and in 1976 merged with GE in the largest corporate merger at that time. The merger and subsequent appreciation of GE stock gave Littlefield ranking on the Forbes 400 list of wealthiest Americans with a net worth of $2.3 billion in 2001.
Littlefield served on the boards of some of the largest corporations in America, including GE, Bechtel Investment, Chrysler, Del Monte, Hewlett-Packard and Wells Fargo Bank. He served as Chairman of The Business Council in 1975 and 1976.
As a philanthropist, Littlefield donated some money to help build the Edmund W. Littlefield Center, which houses the Stanford Business School faculty and classrooms.
Awards and Honors.
In 1997 the U.S. Navy Memorial awarded Littlefield its Lone Sailor Award for his naval service.

</doc>
<doc id="5989456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989456" title="List of baronetcies in the Baronetage of England">
List of baronetcies in the Baronetage of England

This is a list of baronetcies in the Baronetage of England. The first Baronetage was created in 1611. The Baronetage of England was replaced by the Baronetage of Great Britain in 1707.
"This list is not currently complete." For a more complete list, click here.

</doc>
<doc id="5989457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989457" title="Renal tissue kallikrein">
Renal tissue kallikrein

Tissue kallikrein (, "glandular kallikrein", "pancreatic kallikrein", "submandibular kallikrein", "submaxillary kallikrein", "kidney kallikrein", "urinary kallikrein", "kallikrein", "salivary kallikrein", "kininogenin", "kininogenase", "callicrein", "glumorin", "padreatin", "padutin", "kallidinogenase", "bradykininogenase", "depot-padutin", "urokallikrein", "dilminal D", "onokrein P") is an enzyme. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
This enzyme is formed from tissue prokallikrein by activation with trypsin.

</doc>
<doc id="5989460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989460" title="USS Bauxite (IX-154)">
USS Bauxite (IX-154)

USS "Bauxite" (IX-154), a designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for bauxite, a mineral compound of several hydrous aluminum oxides. Her keel was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract (T. B7 D1, MC hull 1326) on 9 July 1943 at San Francisco, California, by Barrett and Hilp, Belair Shipyard. She was launched on 11 October sponsored by Mrs. E. J. Rapley, acquired by the Navy on 22 June 1944, and placed in service the same day with Lieutenant Aubie R. Robertson in command.
Service history.
Assigned to the Service Force, Pacific Fleet, as a floating storage facility for general naval stores and provisions, "Bauxite" served at advanced naval bases in the Pacific theater, issuing supplies to ships as needed. The concrete barge was one of 13 controlled by Service Squadron 10. She carried over 7,000 different items and served an average of 600 ships a month. With a diesel electric power plant, she was able to generate her own power for refrigeration, cooking, lighting, ventilation, and distilling water. The barges provided much needed storage space afloat and released a number of self-propelled cargo ships to carry supplies to the forward areas.
Following the war, "Bauxite" was towed to Shanghai, China, where she continued to serve as a stores barge until authorized for disposal. She was sold at Shanghai to a Chinese purchaser in May 1947, and her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 23 June 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="5989480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989480" title="Gary Pillitteri">
Gary Pillitteri

Gary Orazio Vincenzo Pillitteri (born 1 March 1936 in Racalmuto, Italy) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2004. By career, he is a farmer and businessman. Currently, he is the founder and president of Pillitteri Estates Winery in Niagara-on-the-Lake. 
Pillitteri is a member of the Liberal party who first bid for the Niagara Falls electoral district in 1988. He lost to Conservative candidate Rob Nicholson in that election by a narrower margin of only 1940 votes. After a second attempt in the 1993 general election, he defeated Nicholson by 10823 votes and joined the federal Parliament and was re-elected in 1997 and 2000. He therefore served in the 35th, 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments. Pillitteri is currently the longest serving consecutive Member of Parliament the Niagara Falls riding has ever had.
Pillitteri left federal politics in 2004 and did not seek a fourth term in federal office. Rob Nicholson decided to put his name forward to run as the Conservative candidate in the next election only once he learned that Pillitteri had retired. Nicholson regained the riding that year.

</doc>
<doc id="5989485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989485" title="Gheorghe Petrașcu">
Gheorghe Petrașcu

Gheorghe Petraşcu (; 1872, Tecuci – 1949) was a Romanian painter. He won numerous prizes throughout his lifetime and had his paintings exhibited posthumously at the Paris International Exhibition and the Venice Biennale. He was the brother of N. Petrașcu, a literary critic and novelist.

</doc>
<doc id="5989490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989490" title="MASP1 (protein)">
MASP1 (protein)

Mannan-binding lectin serine protease 1 also known as mannose-associated serine protease 1 (MASP-1) is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "MASP1" gene.
MASP-1 is involved in the lectin pathway of the complement system and is responsible for cleaving C4 and C2 to form C4b2a, a C3-convertase.
MASP-1 is a serine protease that functions as a component of the lectin pathway of complement activation. The complement pathway plays an essential role in the innate and adaptive immune response. MASP-1 is synthesized as a zymogen and is activated when it complexes with the pathogen recognition molecules of lectin pathway, the mannose-binding lectin and the ficolins. This protein is not directly involved in complement activation but may play a role as an amplifier of complement activation by cleaving complement C2 or by activating another complement serine protease, MASP-2. MASP-1 is also able to cleave fibrinogen and factor XIII and may be involved in coagulation. A splice variant of this gene which lacks the serine protease domain functions as an inhibitor of the complement pathway.

</doc>
<doc id="5989493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989493" title="Gunnlaugs saga ormstungu">
Gunnlaugs saga ormstungu

Gunnlaugs saga ormstungu () or the Saga of Gunnlaugr Serpent-Tongue is one of the Icelanders' sagas. Composed at the end of the 13th century it is preserved complete in a slightly younger manuscript. It contains 25 verses of skaldic poetry attributed to the main characters. It is an important work in both Norwegian and Icelandic literary history.
The saga relates the story of two Icelandic poets Gunnlaugr ormstunga and Hrafn Önundarson, and their competition for 
the love of Helga the Fair, granddaughter of Egill Skallagrímsson. The story opens with a prophetic dream of two eagles
fighting over a swan, prefiguring the love triangle in the story. The narrative then follows Gunnlaugr and is sympathetic towards him as it describes his ambitious career as a court poet across Scandinavia and the British Isles. He first competes with Hrafn in verse and later in battle.
The saga has similarities to earlier sagas of poets, such as "Kormáks saga" and "Bjarnar saga", but it is more refined and elegant with strong characterization and emotional impact. Long considered a masterpiece, the saga is often read by beginning students of Old Norse literature. Printed with a Latin translation and commentary in 1775, it was the first of the Icelanders' sagas to be published in a scholarly edition.

</doc>
<doc id="5989503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989503" title="Artemas Ward (writer)">
Artemas Ward (writer)

Artemas Ward (May 28, 1848 – March 14, 1925) was an American author and advertising executive. He is known for authoring several biographies as well as "The Grocer's Encyclopedia".
Biography.
Ward, born May 28, 1848, was the great-grandson and namesake of Artemas Ward, a Major General during the American Revolutionary War.
Ward's first position was in 1863 with the New York State Soldiers’ Depot. Later, Ward moved to Philadelphia, entering the Cuban export and import business, and next founded and published the "Philadelphia Grocer". This led to an offer to manage advertising for household cleaner Sapolio Soap. He introduced the use of transit ads for Sapolio in almost all public transit vehicles in the country. He later obtained an exclusive franchise for the advertising facilities on New York City’s elevated railway and subway systems.
He was inducted into the Advertising Hall of Fame in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="5989506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989506" title="MASP2 (protein)">
MASP2 (protein)

Mannan-binding lectin serine protease 2 also known as mannose-binding protein-associated serine protease 2 (MASP-2) is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "MASP2" gene.
The Ra-reactive factor (RARF) is a complement-dependent bactericidal factor that binds to the Ra and R2 polysaccharides expressed by certain enterobacteria. Alternate splicing of this gene results in two transcript variants encoding two RARF components that are involved in the mannan-binding lectin pathway of complement activation. The longer isoform is cleaved into two chains which form a heterodimer linked by a disulfide bond. The encoded proteins are members of the trypsin family of peptidases.
MASP-2 involved in the complement system. MASP-2 is very similar to the C1s molecule, of the classical complement pathway, and they are thought to have a common evolutionary ancestor. When the carbohydrate-recognising heads of MBL bind to specifically arranged mannose residues on the surface of a pathogen, MASP-2 is activated to cleave complement components C4 and C2 into C4a, C4b, C2a, and C2b.

</doc>
<doc id="5989509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989509" title="OGLE-2005-BLG-169Lb">
OGLE-2005-BLG-169Lb

OGLE-2005-BLG-169Lb is an extrasolar planet located approximately 2700 parsecs away in the constellation of Sagittarius, orbiting the star OGLE-2005-BLG-169L. This planet was discovered by the OGLE project using the gravitational microlensing method. Based on a most likely mass for the host star of 0.49 solar mass, the planet has a mass of 13 times that of Earth. Its mass and estimated temperature are close to those of Uranus. It is speculated that this planet may either be an ice giant like Uranus, or a "naked super-Earth" with a solid icy or rocky surface.

</doc>
<doc id="5989517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989517" title="Mannose-binding protein-associated serine protease">
Mannose-binding protein-associated serine protease

Mannose-binding protein-associated serine protease are serine proteases involved in the complement system.
Types include:

</doc>
<doc id="5989549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989549" title="2004 Torneo Descentralizado">
2004 Torneo Descentralizado

The 2004 Torneo Descentralizado (known as the Copa Cable Mágico for sponsorship reasons) was the eighty-eighth season of Peruvian football. A total of 14 teams competed in the tournament, with Alianza Lima as the defending champion. Alianza Lima won its twenty-first Primera División title after beating Sporting Cristal in the final playoff.
Changes from 2003.
Structural changes.
The number of teams for the 2004 season grew from 12 to 14. The relegation system was re-introduced but the system was determined by a points per match average. The qualification for the Copa Sudamericana was determined by the aggregate table instead of the Torneo Apertura playoffs. Due to a structure change in the Copa Libertadores, only two teams will qualify directly to the group stage (the half-year champions) and the best-placed non-champion will have to play in the first stage.
Promotion and relegation.
No teams were relegated from the 2003 season and thus the number of teams grew from 12 to 14. Segunda División champion Sport Coopsol and Copa Perú 2003 champion U. César Vallejo were promoted.
Relegation table.
Updated as of games played on December, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5989571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989571" title="Savski Nasip">
Savski Nasip

Savski Nasip (Serbian Cyrillic: Савски Насип) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Novi Beograd.
Location.
Savski Nasip covers an area of the western part of the Block 18-a and eastern part of the Block 69, located between "Savski nasip" street to the north and the Sava river to the south. The old and new railway bridges pass above the neighborhood. Savski Nasip is located across the complex of the Belgrade Fair on the opposite bank of the Sava.
Characteristics.
Savski Nasip is entirely industrial area, beginning with the dockyard facilities of the "Belgrade" dockyard on the west, through the whole cluster of construction, gravel selling and treatment companies ("Brodoremont", "Rad", "Mostogradnja", "Partizanski put", "Crna Trava", "Inkop", "Gemax")
The shipyard, once named "Marshal Tito", being the pride of the former Yugoslav socialist economy, is now completely defunct. The shipyard hangars are now used as a storage space, currently owned by a prominent cargo transportation company "Milšped". The space is rented to many other international trade companies, including "Gatarić", "Mercedes Benz" and "Porsche".
The name of the neighborhood, "Savski nasip", simply means the "Sava embankment". During the high levels of the Sava waters, the area is flooded, which affects the operation of the gravel treatment companies.

</doc>
<doc id="5989572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989572" title="Icebox cake">
Icebox cake

An icebox cake (American), zebra cake (British), or chocolate ripple cake/log (Australian) is a dessert consisting of whipped cream and chocolate wafers. The back-of-the-box recipe on Nabisco Famous Chocolate Wafers indicates that the wafers are stacked to form a log with whipped cream cementing them together, and then the log is laid on its side. A second log is formed and the two are set side-by-side and more whipped cream covers the exterior. The cake is then left overnight in the refrigerator (or "icebox"). The wafers absorb moisture from the whipped cream and the whole can be served in slices. The dessert is usually served by cutting it into slices at a 45-degree angle, so bands of chocolate and cream are visible across each slice. The traditional wafers are the thin and dark Nabisco Famous Chocolate Wafers, but they may be hard to find in some areas so other cookies are sometimes substituted. Agnes (nee Moehringher) Schneider of Cincinnati, Ohio was famous for her version of Icebox Cake.
History.
The icebox cake is derived from similar desserts such as the charlotte and the trifle. It was first introduced to the US during World War I. Its popularity took off in the 1920s and 30s, as it used many commercial shortcuts and premade ingredients. In response to the dish’s popularity, companies that manufactured ingredients for the cake, such as condensed milk and wafer cookies, began printing “back of the box” recipes.
American variations.
A variation of icebox cake is made using pudding (usually chocolate) and graham crackers or vanilla wafers layered in a square or rectangular baking dish. Additional variations include alternating layers of chocolate and vanilla pudding, or the addition of sliced bananas or pineapples between the layers. While this can be done with cold ("instant") pudding, if given ample time in the "icebox," the best results come from assembling the dessert with still-hot stove-cooked pudding, and then refrigerating overnight.
Australian version.
In Australia the cake is made from Arnott's Chocolate Ripple biscuits, hence the name in that country of Chocolate Ripple cake.

</doc>
<doc id="5989583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989583" title="Michael Laverty">
Michael Laverty

Michael Laverty (born 7 June 1981) is a motorcycle racer from Toomebridge, Northern Ireland. He is the 2007 British Supersport Champion, and has raced regularly in British Superbikes, plus occasional races in the World Supersport series and in American AMA Superbike Racing. His brothers Eugene and John are also racers.
Career.
British Superbike & Supersport Championships.
He raced in Supersport from 2001 to 2004, finishing in the championship top 5 in all but his rookie season, and done assorted World Supersport races.
In 2005 and 2006 he raced for Stobart Motorsport team in the British Superbike Championship. In 2005 he was 10th overall with podiums at Knockhill and Snetterton, his achievements earning him the title of 'Irish Motorcyclist of the Year' from Irish Racer magazine. In 2006 he was team-mate to Michael Rutter. Helped by a pair of 5th places at Knockhill in round 7 he come 7th overall, ahead of the more experienced Rutter.
For 2007, Michael moved back to the British Supersport Championship, with the successful Relentless Racing by TAS Suzuki team. He beat team-mate Ian Lowry to the title, and moved back up to BSB with the team for 2008. He took two fourth places early on in the season and finished 9th overall, but decided to leave the team for 2009.
For 2009 Michael competed in the USA riding in selected rounds of the AMA Superbike Championship with Celtic Racing. Michael finished in the top 10 at every round he competed in, with a 2nd position to Mat Mladin at the Road America round being his best result. He also been competing in selected World Supersport rounds and joined the CRS team for the latter part of the 2009 season.
In January 2010, Laverty confirmed that he had re-signed with the Relentless Suzuki team to ride in the 2010 British Superbike Championship season.
In May 2010, Laverty too his and the Relentless Suzuki by TAS team's first Superbike victory, in race two of the third round of the 2010 British Superbike Championship at Oulton Park.
Since the 2013 season, Laverty has competed in MotoGP on a CRT bike run by Paul Bird and his PBM Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5989586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989586" title="Myxomatous degeneration">
Myxomatous degeneration

Myxomatous degeneration refers to a pathological weakening of connective tissue. The term is most often used in the context of mitral valve prolapse, which is known more technically as "myxomatous mitral valve degeneration."
The degeneration occurs in conjunction with an accumulation of dermatan sulfate, a glycosaminoglycan, within the connective tissue matrix of the valve. The exact mechanism is unknown.
In many cases, the degeneration is limited to the mitral valve and follows a benign course. When associated with systemic diseases, like Marfan syndrome, the degeneration is more extensive and involves other heart valves. The valves can become sufficiently distorted to cause insufficiency and regurgitation. Myxomatous degeneration is the most common cause of pure mitral valve insufficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="5989591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989591" title="List of baronetcies in the Baronetage of Ireland">
List of baronetcies in the Baronetage of Ireland

This is a list of baronetcies in the Baronetage of Ireland. There were first created in 1619, and was replaced by the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1800. The list is in alphabetical order.
"This list is not currently complete." For a more complete list, click here.

</doc>
<doc id="5989599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989599" title="Rob Purdie">
Rob Purdie

Robert James 'Rob' Purdie (born 28 September 1982) is an English footballer, who plays for Hereford United.
Purdie is a versatile utility player who plays primarily as an attacking midfielder, but he can also play in the left back and right back position, in central midfield, in the wide right or left position, or in the 'hole' as a striker.
Career.
Hereford United.
He began his career at Leicester City where he played for the U19 and reserve teams, but not for the first team. In his final season he played several matches for Hereford United's reserves before signing for them in July 2002. In his first season at Hereford most of his appearances were as a substitute, but as the season progressed he started matches more regularly. He started the 2003–04. playing alongside Steve Guinan up front, a partnership that saw the team top the Conference in the first part of the season. He moved back into midfield for the latter part of that season, finishing with 9 goals from 41 appearances. Unfortunately the team failed to progress in the play-offs despite finishing the season with 91 points and equalling the record for goals scored in a season.
The 2004–05 was less successful as he was in and out of the side due to injuries, and Hereford again missed out in the play-offs. The 2005–06 saw Purdie make more appearances than any other Hereford player, he missed only one match due to injury. His season finished with an eventful play-off final in his home city of Leicester. While Halifax Town were taking the lead he was off the field receiving treatment, after he got knocked in the face. This broke his front teeth, and the bleeding from this caused him to change his shirt 3 times during the match. In the second half he had a decent shout for a penalty which was not given, when he went down in the penalty area. Not that it mattered, as Hereford went on to win the match.
He signed a new contract in June 2006 and was made club captain after the departure of Tony James. His first season in the Football League saw him appear in 44 out of 46 league matches with a further 7 appearances in cup competitions, thus making more first team appearances than any other player. He scored 9 goals in all competitions, 8 of which were from the penalty spot, which made him the second highest goalscorer for Hereford. Midway through the season he was moved from a midfield role into the left-back position, underlining his versatility. At the end of the season he was voted the Supporters Player of the Year, and also picked up the award for Away Player of the Year. At the time of his departure, he was the longest serving player at the club, and his 223 first team appearances rank him 33rd on the all-time list of appearances for Hereford United.
Darlington.
In June 2007 Purdie turned down a new contract at Hereford to sign a two-year deal with fellow League Two side Darlington. He was voted player of the season in 08-09.
Oldham Athletic.
Purdie became Dave Penney's first signing for Oldham Athletic, signing a two-year contract on 22 May 2009.
Purdie announced his retirement from non-league international football on Tuesday 24 November 2009 claiming his main aim was to get fit and play for Oldham.
In July 2010 he was transfer-listed by the club, along with five other first team players.
He re-joined Hereford United on loan on 29 October 2010 and scored two goals in his first game for the club against Stockport County the next day.
On 31 January 2011, Purdie was released by Oldham Athletic after having never played a first team game for the club over a period of two years there. He then re-signed for Hereford United.
Shrewsbury Town.
On 3 July 2012, Purdie signed for Shrewsbury Town on a free transfer following the expiration of his contract at Hereford United, linking up with Turner and Trewick once more. Purdie went on the explain he "jumped at the chance" to sign after having an injury ravaged time with Oldham Athletic and that Graham Turner knows what he is getting with a player like him; "I'm honest off the pitch, hardworking, and will do my job, and I think Turner understands that."
After a very positive start to the season, playing mainly at left back before switching to the left/right wing around the New Year period, Purdie struggled to keep his place in the team and fell out of favour in the second half of the 2012/13 season, making only sporadic substitute appearances in his final months, despite his generally good form and consistency. Purdie was released on 29 April 2013.
Hereford Return.
In the summer of 2013 Rob signed yet again for Hereford United. This time round Purdie will take up two roles as both a player and a coach, Martin Foyle says that he believes Purdie has in him what it takes to become a future manager of Hereford. This is Purdie's third spell with Hereford United having played over 200 league games for them. 
Honours.
Hereford United

</doc>
<doc id="5989603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989603" title="Republican Army">
Republican Army

Republican Army can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5989606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989606" title="Alumni Hall">
Alumni Hall

Alumni Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5989607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989607" title="Natasha Poly">
Natasha Poly

Natalya Sergeyevna Polevshchikova (; born July 12, 1985), generally shortened to Natasha Poly, is a Russian model.
As of September 2012, she was declared an icon by models.com.
Early life and career beginnings.
Poly was born on July 12, 1985 in Perm, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union and began modeling locally in 2000. She was discovered in Perm and invited in Moscow to participate in the Russian model search competition "New Model Today", where she took the second prize. She made her runway debut in Why Not Model Agency and after walking for Emanuel Ungaro in 2004. The year would prove to be her breakout year; she walked in 54 fashion shows in cities like Milan, Paris, and New York City, and graced the cover of French "Vogue" twice consecutively.
Career.
Since 2004, Poly has appeared in many advertisement campaigns, including Gucci, Prada, Lanvin, Fendi, Louis Vuitton, Roberto Cavalli, Dsquared2, Sonia Rykiel, Nine West, Proenza Schouler, H&M, Printemps, Blumarine, Jil Sander, Nina Ricci, Missoni, Shiatzy Chen, Calvin Klein, Givenchy, Balmain, Neiman Marcus, Jimmy Choo, MaxMara, Alberta Ferretti, JOOP!, Dolce & Gabbana, and others and has walked the runway for notable brands such as Balenciaga, Alexander McQueen, Chanel, Miu Miu, Gucci, Prada, Versace, Victoria's Secret and many other blue chip fashion labels. Poly has walked for the annual Victoria's Secret Fashion Show twice, in 2005 and 2006. In 2008 alone, she appeared in seven advertisement campaigns through the fall/winter 2008–09 season (Nina Ricci, Jil Sander, Blumarine, Balmain, COS, Tse, and Givenchy) and opened numerous runway shows in the spring/summer 2009 season.
Poly was one of the faces to land in one of the fourteen covers of "V" magazine September 2008 issue. Each cover boasts a head shot of a famous model, either from the new crop of leading models (Agyness Deyn, Lara Stone, Anja Rubik, Daria Werbowy etc.) or the supermodel era (Christy Turlington, Naomi Campbell, Eva Herzigova), it was lensed by duo Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin. In July 2008, Russian "Vogue" dedicated the issue to Poly and in August 2008, March 2009 she appeared on the cover of the same magazine. Also she was touted by American "Vogue" in 2009 as one of the faces of the moment. She has also appeared on the covers of Spanish, Greek, Portuguese, Korean, Japanese, Chinese, American, German, Australian, and French "Vogue". Poly has appeared in editorials for Russian, French, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Spanish, Greek, Portuguese, and American "Vogue", "Numero", "I-D Magazine", "V", "W", "Interview", and "MUSE".
Poly has been the number one model on Fashion Television's "First Face" countdown three times consecutively (Spring 2008, Fall 2008 and Spring 2009). And she has been placed 7th (Spring 2007), 4th (Fall 2009 and Spring 2010) and 5th (Fall 2010).
The fashion art magazine "MUSE" dedicated their fall 2009 issue to Poly and she was photographed by Sølve Sundsbø, Terry Richardson and Craig McDean. 
She is signed with Women Management in New York, Paris, and Milan; Select Model Management in London; Mega Model Agency in Hamburg; and Traffic Models in Barcelona. Poly is ranked as one of the industry icons on models.com list. "Vogue Paris" declared her one of the top 30 models of the 2000s. Poly is featured in the 2011 Pirelli Calendar photographed by Karl Lagerfeld. She is also featured in the 2012 Pirelli Calendar photographed by Mario Sorrenti. In 2012, Poly signed a contract with L'Oreal Paris and is one of the Beauty Ambassadors for the brand.
She is considered an 'industry icon' by Models.com and has featured on 40 different Vogue covers as of July 2014.
Personal life.
Poly married Dutch businessman Peter Bakker on April 16, 2011 in Saint-Tropez. In November 2013 Poly gave birth to a daughter called Aleksandra Christina.

</doc>
<doc id="5989608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989608" title="Wild Things 2">
Wild Things 2

Wild Things 2 is the second installment in the "Wild Things" series. Released straight-to-video in 2004, it stars Susan Ward, Leila Arcieri, Isaiah Washington, Michael Chieffo, and Linden Ashby.
Plot.
Brittney Havers (Susan Ward), a South Florida high school senior, lives with her wealthy stepfather, Niles Dunlap (Anthony John Denison), after her mother ran her car off the road in "Gator Alley" and was presumably eaten by alligators a year earlier. When Dunlap is killed in a private plane crash, his will calls for Brittney to receive a small stipend until she finishes college, after which she will receive only $25,000 a year for life from the estate. The rest of Dunlap's assets, totaling $70 million, are to be left to a corporate trust, unless a blood heir can be found.
Brittney's brash, relatively poor classmate Maya (Leila Arcieri) suddenly claims to be Dunlap's illegitimate daughter as the result of her mother's extramarital affair. She is ordered by a judge to submit to a DNA test, the result of which proves she is Dunlap's child. 
At the Dunlap home, Brittney hears a noise on her way to the wine cellar but it turns out to just be rats. Suddenly Maya appears and the girls reveal they are lovers before being joined by Dr. Julian Haynes (Joe Michael Burke), who had arranged the DNA test. The trio are in cahoots, running a scam to secure and share Dunlap's fortune.
Insurance investigator Terence Bridge (Isaiah Washington), investigating the circumstances of the plane crash, finds out from Dunlap's medical records that Dunlap had scarlet fever as a child, one of the side effects of which can be sterility, and asks Dr. Haynes how Dunlap could have fathered a child. Dr. Haynes gets nervous about the plot unraveling and contacts Maya. He agrees to meet her and Brittney that night at the docks, where Maya shoots him. The two girls dispose of his body in Gator Alley.
After Bridge learns the entire affair was planned, he shows up at the Dunlap home and demands half the money in return for not going to the police. Brittney, refusing to give up any of the money, gets a gun and points it at Bridge, but instead kills Maya. She tells Bridge that he has to earn his half. He loads Maya's body into the trunk of his car and he and Brittney drive off to dispose of it. 
When they stop at a traffic light, Brittney gets out of the car and walks away as a police car pulls up behind them. Bridge can do nothing but drive away when the traffic light turns green and the police car honks at him to get moving. Brittney phones in an anonymous tip that Bridge's car trunk has a girl's dead body in it. He is soon arrested and jailed. A videotape from the Dunlap home security system shows Bridge demanding half of the inheritance money from Brittney and Maya.
Later, Brittney flies off in a private plane with the very much alive Dunlap, who had faked his own death to escape prosecution for misappropriating millions of dollars of corporate funds to pay his gambling debts, and also to avoid the Cuban gambler to whom he still owed millions. Brittney and Dunlap don parachutes, planning to bail out over swampland and disappear together. As Dunlap is poised to bail out, Brittney reveals that she packed his chute with newspaper and pushes him from the plane to his death. She then bails out, landing safely in the swamp, where her mother (Kathy Neff), also very much alive, is waiting for her in a swamp boat.
It is revealed that Brittney and her mother orchestrated everything, including the deaths of Brittney's co-conspirators, in order to steal Dunlap's fortune, and they relax in the sun on a tropical island. Brittney comes down the stairs of their villa overlooking the ocean with two drinks and hands one to her mother. As Brittney watches intently, her mother takes a sip and remarks that the drink is strong. Brittney replies "They do make them strong here, don't they?" with a wry smile, the implication being that she has poisoned the drink.

</doc>
<doc id="5989619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989619" title="Cork Suburban Rail">
Cork Suburban Rail

The Cork Suburban Rail (Irish: "Iarnród Fobhailteach Chorcaí") network serves areas of County Cork, Munster, Ireland.
There has been a suburban rail system in Cork since the middle of the 19th century however it suffered serious neglect and line closures in the 20th century. The city also had a tram network - a short-lived horse-tram service in the 1870s and an electric tram system between 1898 and 1931.
The present Cork Suburban Rail network operates on three lines. Additional stations are planned on these lines but at present funding has not been committed and planning permission has not been sought.
Cork to Mallow.
Services run from Cork Kent to Mallow. Additional stations are planned for "Kilbarry", "Monard", "Blarney".
Commuter services using 2600 class railcars supplement stops at Mallow and Cork by 22000 class railcar operated services from Cork to Tralee and Mark 4 locomotive hauled coach services from Cork to Heuston Station, Dublin.
Cork to Cobh.
Services run from Cork Kent to Little Island, Glounthaune, Fota, Carrigaloe, Rushbrooke, Cobh. Additional stations are planned for "Ballynoe" and "Dunkettle".
The service is provided by two unit 2600 Class diesel railcar sets, although trains of two sets are used when large crowds travel to and from Cobh for the arrival of International Cruise liners. Fota can also be very busy especially during Summer as the station here is next to Fota Wildlife Park. The journey from Cork-Cobh takes 24 minutes stopping at all stations en route.
Cork to Midleton.
Services run from Cork Kent to Little Island, Glounthaune, Carrigtwohill and Midleton. Midleton services would also serve a future station at Dunkettle. There are 20 trains a day each way - Hourly off peak and half hourly during peak times. The journey time between Cork and Midleton is 23 minutes, and together with the existing Cork - Cobh services there are 40 trains a day from Glounthaune & Little Island to Cork.
This project was funded under the Irish Government's Transport 21 investment programme and opened on 31 July 2009. It involved the provision of a 10 km (6.25 miles) single track railway to Midleton with a passing loop at Carrigtwohill, new bridges to replace level crossings, improving existing bridges, New signalling systems and the reopening of Carrigtwohill and Midleton stations.
The station at Dunkettle was planned as a major park and ride facility for the Glanmire area, however the plans were objected to by the National Roads Authority due to the proximity of the proposed station to the Dunkettle Interchange. The NRA plans to upgrade the interchange in the future as it is currently heavily congested and requires the land which was proposed for the station.
The former Cork-Youghal rail line east of Glounthaune was closed to scheduled rail traffic in the mid 1970s. The line had irregular freight and "special" passenger train traffic up until 1988 when it was fully closed and became derelict. After many calls and political promises for its re-opening it was proposed under Transport 21 to renew the line as far as Midleton. Despite numerous delays construction finally began in early 2008. It opened in July 2009. Extension to Youghal has been studied but it materially changes the economics of the service by essentially doubling the route length.

</doc>
<doc id="5989620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989620" title="King's College Harmonica Band">
King's College Harmonica Band

King's College Harmonica Band ("KCHB") by a King's College Alumni
King's College Harmonica Band ("KCHB"), founded in 1951, is one of the oldest harmonica ensembles in Hong Kong. At first, it consisted of only a few members. In the 60's, under the baton of Mr. Fung On, the band began to expand in scale and won an enviable reputation for performances in Hong Kong. At that time, KCHB comprised over 30 members and through their efforts, numerous prizes in the Hong Kong Schools Music Festival were won, which are unnumbered.
Towards the 1960s, because of Mr. Fung's leaving, the success and enthusiasm of the band waned until Mr. Hui Yau Fong took the baton a few years later. Mr. Hui reorganized KCHB, enthusiastically nurtured the new generation, and prepared for future development.
Between 1981 and 1985, KCHB entered the most significant stage in its development. It began to appear frequently in public and under the leadership of Mr. Ho Pak Cheong, Chan Kai Wah, Chan Shu Keung, Mok Chi Chiu and Lau Chun Bong, it won championship in most of the categories in the Hong Kong Schools Music Festivals. A major figure in KCHB's artistic development during the 1980s was Mr. Ho Pak Cheong, who became KCHB's conductor-in-chief in 1988. His contributions led to KCHB's outstanding artistic achievements in the following years.
Into the 1990s, bound by various work obligations, Mr. Ho Pak Cheong departed from the stage and the baton went to Mr. Johnny KUAN, another old boy and harmonica enthusiast. Under Mr. Kuan's zealous endeavors, new talent was nurtured that pushed KCHB towards another pinnacle previously unmatched in its history, witnessing the snatching of the champion's title five times in a row from 1989 to 1993 in the Concert Work of Harmonica Solo of the Hong Kong Schools Music Festival. In 1991, KCHB organized its first public concert, the 40th Anniversary Concert, at Shouson Theatre, Hong Kong Arts Centre. The success of the concert and the subsequent critical acclaim generated a real "harmonica kick" among professionals and amateurs alike. Shortly after that, the ongoing development of KCHB was left in the hands of Mr. Fung Sui Tsan, another enthusiastic chairman of KCHB. The year 1996 saw the return of Mr. Kuan as the conductor, presenting KCHB in the 45th anniversary celebration concert at Drama Theatre, Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts so as to promote harmonica music to the public. In 2001, KCHB held a concert at Hong Kong City Hall Concert Hall to celebrate the Diamond Anniversary of our alma mater and the Golden Anniversary of the Harmonica Band. In the concert, KCHB world premiéred the commissioned work "Jubilee Overture" composed by the renowned local composer, Mr. Hui Cheung Wai.
KCHB has begun to win ian overseas reputation in recent years under the leadership of Mr. Kuan. In 1998, 2000, 2002 and 2004, KCHB members participated in the Asia Pacific Harmonica Festival (APHF) held in Kuala Lumpur, Seoul, Atsugi, Hong Kong and Taipei respectively and won numerous awards, which are too many to be named. In 2005, KCHB members, together with some alumni, made their European début by entering the World Harmonica Festival held in the "Town of Harmonica" – Trossingen, Germany.
Nowadays, KCHB is a harmonica orchestra consisting of more than 40 members, many of them being experienced and prospective harmonica players. KCHB will continue its tradition of nurturing the new generation of harmonica players, while encouraging more students to get in touch with and appreciate classical music.

</doc>
<doc id="5989624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989624" title="Vladimir Sakhnov">
Vladimir Sakhnov

Vladimir Nikolaevich Sakhnov () (born April 25, 1961 in village Kamenka, Tselinograd Oblast, Kazakh SSR). is a former Soviet/Russian cross country skier who raced from 1983 to 1989. Sakhnov trained at Armed Forces sports society in Alma-Ata. He earned a silver medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary; his best individual Winter Olympics finish was a 4th in the 30 km event in 1984.
Sakhnov also won a silver medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1987 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. His best individual finish at the Nordic skiing World Championships was a 6th place in the 50 km event at those same championships.
Sakhnov's best career finish was second in two World Cup events (1984. 1986).

</doc>
<doc id="5989631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989631" title="Factor D">
Factor D

Factor D (, "C3 proactivator convertase", "properdin factor D esterase", "factor D (complement)", "complement factor D", "CFD", "adipsin") a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CFD" gene. Factor D is involved in the alternative complement pathway of the complement system where it cleaves factor B.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the trypsin family of peptidases. The encoded protein is a component of the alternative complement pathway best known for its role in humoral suppression of infectious agents. This protein is also a serine protease that is secreted by adipocytes into the bloodstream. Finally, the encoded protein has a high level of expression in fat, suggesting a role for adipose tissue in immune system biology.
Factor D is a serine protease that stimulates glucose transport for triglyceride accumulation in fats cells and inhibits lipolysis. 
Clinical significance.
The level of Factor D is elevated in the obese, this elevation may be due to high activity or resistance but exact cause is not totally known.
Structure.
All members of the chymotrypsin family of serine proteases have very similar structures. In all cases, including factor D, there are two antiparallel β-barrel domains with each barrel containing six β-strands with the same typology in all enzymes. The major difference in backbone structure between Factor D and the other serine proteases of the chymotrpsin family is in the surface loops connecting the secondary structural elements. Factor D displays different conformations of major catalytic and substrate-binding residues typically found in the chrotrypsin family. These features suggest the catalytic activity of factor D is prohibited unless conformational changes are induced by a realignment.

</doc>
<doc id="5989636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989636" title="Paseo de Recoletos">
Paseo de Recoletos

Paseo de Recoletos is a wide boulevard in central Madrid (Spain) leading from Plaza de Cibeles to Plaza de Colón.
From West to East it consists of:
History.
By the end of the 18th century architect José de Hermosilla was entrusted by King Charles III to urbanize the area of the old Bajo Abroñigal (or Valnegral) river, which flew from Chamartín to Plaza Atocha. This gave birth to Paseo del Prado as well to Paseo de Recoletos. The name "Recoletos" was taken from an old convent of Augustinian Recollect friars built in 1592 in the area.
The boulevard originally ended in the old "Puerta de Recoletos", a baroque gate built under Ferdinand VI in 1756 and dismantled in 1863. During the Peninsular War this gate (and others of the area) was fortified to fend off the Napoleonic troops. On 3 December 1808 Napoleon I personally directed the attacks against Madrid from the "Fuente Castellana" (today "Plaza de Emilio Castelar"). The "Batería de Veterinaria" (commanded by artillery official Vasallo) held off the troops that were trying to breach Recoletos Gate to surround the Alcalá Gate defenders. The French troops managed to break through El Retiro, outflanking the gates of Recoletos, Alcalá and Atocha, leading to Madrid's capitulation the following day.
During the Civil War the statues and fountains along the Paseo de Recoletos and El Prado were hidden under protection sacks, which led the area to be nicknamed ""of the twilight of the gods"".
Pedestrian boulevard.
The center part of the boulevard is a pedestrian walk, lined with gardens, trees, statues, fountains and varied street furniture.
The first and largest stretch of the boulevard (from Plaza Cibeles to Calle de Prim) has a row of eight ponds lined with white double doric columns. The ponds, which are lighted at night, are situated one slightly above the next one, forming tiny water falls in between. The first and last of these ponds have little jet fountains.
The "Terraza Recoletos" (an outdoor café-restaurant) and an Equatorial Sundial are nearby.
The second and shortest stretch (from Calle Prim to Calle Almirante/Recoletos) contains the "Café Gijón" (number 21), an historic literary café founded in 1888 with an outdoor terraza on the boulevard. 
On the fourth and last stretch (from Calle Bárbara de Braganza/Villanueva to Plaza de Colón) is the "Café El Espejo" (number 31), another quaint café with an impressive glass pavilion influenced by Art Nouveau. It also has a monument dedicated to Spanish author Juan Valera and one of his best known works, "Pepita Jiménez", a statue of Ramón del Valle-Inclán and a drinking fountain. Near the northern corner of the stretch is the entrance to a pedestrian underground passage leading to the eastern median strip of the boulevard. This tunnel appears in Carlos Saura's film Taxi (1996).
Eastern median strip.
This strip is divided into four stretches, the same as the pedestrian walk. The northern stretch is not wide enough to allow a walk, but it contains a green area conmemorative stone for the 30th Anniversary of the Children's Rights declaration, and a little iron sculpture of two reading kids ""to the Book and its creators"" (this sculpture is in front of the National Library).
The other three stretches are lined with trees, bushes and ornamental flowerbeds, and a path for pedestrians.
Events on the Paseo.
The pedestrian walk is lined with stands several times a year:
Paseo de Recoletos is also used as an outdoors temporary exhibition place:
Other events:
Buildings along the East side of the Paseo (even numbers).
The first building next to the Jardines del Descubrimiento is the "Casa del Tesoro" (numbers 20/22 of the boulevard), built around 1568 and occupied since 1711 by the Biblioteca Nacional (Recoletos side) and the National Archeological Museum (Serrano street side).
In number 10 lies the Marqués de Salamanca Palace, built between 1846 and 1855 by architect Narciso Pascual y Colomer in a Renaissance style. The Marquis sold it in 1876 to the Banco Hipotecario, which installed its headquarters in it and enlarged it in 1905, 1919 and 1945/1948 with two new pavilions and two lateral wings. In 1991 it was acquired by Banco Argentaria and it currently houses the BBVA Foundation.
Right next to the Plaza Cibeles (in Recoletos, 2) lies the Marqués de Linares Palace (Palacio de Linares), built in 1873 by architect Carlos Colubí. In that terrain had stood since the 17th century the "Pósito de la Villa", a big cereal warehouse with reserves to be used in times of shortage.
During the 20th century it was sold to the Transmediterranean Company and later to the Spanish Confederation of Savings Banks. In 1976 it was declared ""Historical-Artistic Monument"", saving it from ruin and speculation. In 1989 it was sold by magnate Emiliano Revilla for 3,6 million Euro to the Instituto de Cooperación Hispanoamericana, the Town Hall and Madrid Autonomous Community to rehabilitate it (on a budget of more than 12 million Euro) and establish the "Casa de América" on it, where it currently resides.
Buildings along the West side of the Paseo (odd numbers).
In Recoletos (number 3) and right in front of the Palacio de Linares lies a six-storey office building built in 1975 and renovated in 2000 bought in July 2006 by "Grupo Ballester". Numbers 7 and 9 consist of a building owned by magnate Alicia Koplowitz that currently houses the British Consul General among others.
Next to it stands the Convent of San Pascual (or San Pascual Bailón), founded in 1683 by the Admiral of Castile, Juan Gaspar Enríquez de Cabrera for the Franciscan order of San Pedro de Alcántara.
In 1836 during the "Desamortización" of Mendizábal the convent was transformed into a wood warehouse, until 1852, when the Franciscan nuns came back under the protection of Mariano Téllez Girón Beaufort, duke of Osuna and Medina de Rioseco.
Every Tuesday -19'00 h- is celebrated a service in the old Spanish liturgy (Gothic-Hispanic or Mozarabic Rite).
Nine years later it was expropriated by the Town Hall and demolished to enlarge the Paseo. In 1866 the current building was built by architect Juan J. Urquijo, and is inhabited by the nuns.
Number 13 is occupied by the Palace of Alcañices or Duque de Sesto. It was built in 1865 by architect Francisco de Cubas, a typical palatial residence of the high class of 19th century Isabelian Madrid. Seven years later the same architect built the next building (number 15), known as the Palace of López Dóriga, in the same style. And the block ends with the Houses of the Asociación Mutua Benéfica, built in 1869 also following the Isabelino style. It currently belongs to the Ministry of the Navy.
A modern crystal building stands out in number 19; it's Banco Pastor's headquarters, built by Corrales and Molezún (1973/1975).
The Palace of Duchess of Mediana de las Torres stands in number 23, built on the terrain where it once was the Circo de Price (burned down in 1876, four years before). The two towers at both sides of the building were added in 1910. The Palace of Elduayen (one of the last ones of this period) was built next to it (number 25) and currently belongs to the Mapfre Insurance Company.

</doc>
<doc id="5989644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989644" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1946">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1946

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1946 according to "Billboard magazine". Prior to the creation of the Hot 100, "Billboard" published multiple singles charts each week. In 1946, the following three charts were produced:
Shown is a list of songs that topped the Best Sellers in Stores chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5989645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989645" title="List of baronetcies in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia">
List of baronetcies in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia

This is a list of baronetcies in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia. These were first created in 1624, and were replaced by the Baronetage of Great Britain in 1707.
This page lists baronetcies, whether extant, extinct, dormant (D), unproven (U), under review (R), abeyant, or forfeit, in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia.
The holders of some of the baronetcies listed on the list have died but in each case, up to the present, no person has proved succession and thus been placed upon the Official Roll of the Baronetage. Those that are marked with a "Dormant" in the penultimate column are regarded as being dormant since, although heirs are known to exist, succession has not been proved within a period of five years from the death of the holder.
A baronetcy becomes extinct when heirs cannot be traced and are believed not to exist. In this case it should not be listed on the Official Roll but would be re-activated should an heir subsequently emerge.
The Royal Warrant of Edward VII of 8 February 1910 states ""no person whose name is not entered on the Official Roll shall be received as a Baronet, or shall be addressed or mentioned by that title in any civil or military Commission, Letters Patent or other official document"".
The list below is not corroborated by The Standing Council of the Baronetage or the Lord Chancellor's Department. 

</doc>
<doc id="5989657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989657" title="Medical community of ancient Rome">
Medical community of ancient Rome

Medical community as used in this article refers to medical institutions and services offered to populations under the jurisdiction of the late Roman Republic and the Roman Empire.
Background.
Medical services of the late Roman Republic and early Roman Empire were mainly imports from the civilization of Ancient Greece, at first through Greek-influenced Etruscan society and Greek colonies placed directly in Italy, and then through Greeks enslaved during the Roman conquest of Greece, Greeks invited to Rome, or Greek knowledge imparted to Roman citizens visiting or being educated in Greece. A perusal of the names of Roman physicians will show that the majority are wholly or partly Greek and that many of the physicians were of servile origin. 
The servility stigma came from the accident of a more medically advanced society being conquered by a lesser. One of the cultural ironies of these circumstances is that free men sometimes found themselves in service to the enslaved professional or dignitary, or the power of the state was entrusted to foreigners who had been conquered in battle and were technically slaves. In Greek society, physicians tended to be regarded as noble. Asclepius in the Iliad is noble.
Importation from Greece.
Public medicine.
A signal event in the Roman medical community was the construction of the first Aesculapium in the city of Rome, on Tiber Island. In 293 BCE some officials consulted the Sibylline Books concerning measures to be taken against the plague and were advised to bring Aesculapius from Epidaurus to Rome. The sacred serpent from Epidaurus was conferred ritually on the new temple, or, in some accounts, the serpent escaped from the ship and swam to the island. Baths have been found there as well as votive offerings ("donaria") in the shape of specific organs. 
In classical times the center covered the entire island and included a long-term recovery center. The emperor Claudius had a law passed granting freedom to slaves who had been sent to the institution for cure but were abandoned there. This law probably facilitated state disposition of the patients and recovery of the beds they occupied. The details are not available.
It was not the first time a temple had been constructed at Rome to ward off plague. The consul, Gnaeus Julius Mento, one of two for the year 431 BCE, dedicated a temple to Apollo medicus (“the healer”). There was also a temple to "salus" (“health”) on the "Mons Salutaris", a spur of the Quirinal. There is no record that these earlier temples possessed the medical facilities associated with an Aesculapium; in that case, the later decision to bring them in presupposes a new understanding that scientific measures could be taken against plague. The memorable description of plague at Athens during the Peloponnesian War (430 BCE) by Thucydides does not mention any measures at all to relieve those stricken with it. The dying were allowed to accumulate at the wells, which they contaminated, and the deceased to pile up there. At Rome, Cicero criticized the worship of evil powers, such as "Febris" (“Fever”), "Dea Mefitis" (“Malaria”), "Dea Angerona" (“Sore Throat”) and "Dea Scabies" (“Rash”).
The medical art in early Rome was the responsibility of the "pater familias", or patriarch. The last known public advocate of this point of view were the railings of Marcus Cato against Greek physicians and his insistence on passing on home remedies to his son. 
The importation of the Aesculapium established medicine in the public domain. There is no record of fees being collected for a stay at one of them, at Rome or elsewhere. The expense of an Aesculapium must have been defrayed in the same way as all temple expenses: individuals vowed to perform certain actions or contribute a certain amount if certain events happened, some of which were healings. Such a system amounts to gradated contributions by income, as the contributor could only vow what he could provide. The building of a temple and its facilities on the other hand was the responsibility of the magistrates. The funds came from the state treasury or from taxes.
Private medicine.
A second signal act marked the start of sponsorship of private medicine by the state as well. In the year 219 BCE (Lucius Aemilius Paullus and Marcus Livius Salinator were consuls), a "vulnerarius", or surgeon, Archagathus, visited Rome from the Peloponnesus and was asked to stay. The state conferred citizenship on him and purchased him a "taberna", or shop, near the "compitium Acilii" (a crossroads), which became the first "officina medica". 
The doctor necessarily had many assistants. Some prepared and vended medicines and tended the herb garden. There were "pharmacopolae" (note the female ending), "unguentarii" and "aromatarii", all of which names are easily understood by the English reader. Others attended the doctor when required (the "capsarii"; they prepared and carried the doctor’s "capsa", or bag.). Jerome Carcopino’s study of occupational names in the Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum turned up 51 "medici", 4 "medicae" (female doctors), an "obstetrix" (“midwife”) and a "nutrix" (“nurse”) in the city of Rome. These numbers, of course, are at best proportional to the true populations, which were many times greater.
At the bottom of the scale were the ubiquitous "discentes" (“those learning”), or medical apprentices. Roman doctors of any stature combed the population for persons in any social setting who had an interest in and ability for practicing medicine. On the one hand the doctor used their services unremittingly. On the other they were treated like members of the family; i.e., they came to stay with the doctor and when they left they were themselves doctors. The best doctors were the former apprentices of the Aesculapia, who, in effect, served residencies there.
The practice of medicine.
Medical values.
The Romans valued a state of "valetudo", "salus" or "sanitas". They began their correspondence with the salutation "si vales valeo", “if you are well, I am” and ended it with "salve", “be healthy.” The Indo-European roots are *wal-, “be strong”, and *sol-, “whole”.
They understood generally that conditions of strength and wholeness were to some degree perpetuated by right living. The Hippocratic oath obliges doctors to live rightly (setting an example). The first cause thought of when people got sick was that they did not live rightly. Vegetius’ brief section on the health of a Roman legion states only that a legion can avoid disease by staying out of malarial swamps, working out regularly and living a healthy life.
Despite their best efforts people from time to time did become "aeger", “sick”. They languished, had nausea (words of Roman extraction) or “fell” ("incidere") "in morbum". They were vexed and dolorous. At that point they were in need of the "medica res", the men skilled in the "ars medicus", who would "curare morbum", “have a care for the disease”, who went by the name of "medicus" or "medens". The root is *med-, “measure”. The medicus prescribed "medicina" or "regimina" as measures against the disease.
The physician.
The next step was to secure the "cura" of a "medicus". If the patient was too sick to move one sent for a "clinicus", who went to the "clinum" or couch of the patient. Of higher status were the "chirurgii" (which became the English word surgeon), from Greek "cheir" (hand) and "ourgon" (work). In addition were the eye doctor, "ocularius", the ear doctor, "auricularius", and the doctor of snakebites, the "marsus".
Fees.
That the poor paid a minimal fee for the visit of a "medicus" is indicated by a wisecrack in Plautus: "It was less than a nummus." Many anecdotes exist of doctors negotiating fees with wealthy patients and refusing to prescribe a remedy if agreement was not reached. Pliny says:
The fees charged were on a sliding scale according to assets. The physicians of the rich were themselves rich. For example, Antonius Musa treated Augustus’ nervous symptoms with cold baths and drugs. He was not only set free but he became Augustus’ physician. He received a salary of 300,000 sesterces. There is no evidence that he was other than a private physician; that is, he was not working for the Roman government.
Legal responsibility.
Doctors were generally exempt from prosecution for their mistakes. Some writers complain of legal murder. However, holding the powerful up to exorbitant fees ran the risk of retaliation. Pliny reports that the emperor Claudius fined a physician, Alcon, 180 million sesterces and exiled him to Gaul, but that on his return he made the money back in just a few years. Pliny does not say why the physician was exiled, but the blow against the man was struck on his pocketbook. He could make no such income in Gaul.
This immunity applied only to mistakes made in the treatment of free men. By chance a law existed at Rome, the Lex Aquilia, passed about 286 BCE, which allowed the owners of slaves and animals to seek remedies for damage to their property, either malicious or negligent. Litigants used this law to proceed against the negligence of medici, such as the performance of an operation on a slave by an untrained surgeon resulting in death or other damage.
Social position.
While encouraging and supporting the public and private practice of medicine, the Roman government tended to suppress organizations of "medici" in society. The constitution provided for the formation of occupational "collegia", or guilds. The consuls and the emperors treated these ambivalently. Sometimes they were permitted; more often they were made illegal and were suppressed. The medici formed collegia, which had their own centers, the "Scholae Medicorum", but they never amounted to a significant social force. They were regarded as subversive along with all the other collegia.
Doctors were nevertheless influential. They liked to write. Compared to the number of books written, not many have survived; for example, Tiberius Claudius Menecrates composed 150 medical works, of which only a few fragments remain. Some that did remain almost in entirety are the works of Galen, Celsus, Hippocrates and the herbal expert, Pedanius Dioscorides who wrote the 5-volume "De Materia Medica". The "Natural History" of Pliny the Elder became a paradigm for all subsequent works like it and gave its name to the topic, although Pliny was not himself an observer of the natural world like Aristotle or Theophrastus.
Military medical corps.
Republican.
The state of the military medical corps before Augustus is unclear. Corpsmen certainly existed at least for the administration of first aid and were enlisted soldiers rather than civilians. The commander of the legion was held responsible for removing the wounded from the field and insuring that they got sufficient care and time to recover. He could quarter troops in private domiciles if he thought necessary. Authors who have written of Roman military activities before Augustus, such as Livy, mention that wounded troops retired to population centers to recover.
Imperial.
The army of the early empire was sharply and qualitatively different. Augustus defined a permanent professional army by setting the enlistment at 16 years (with an additional 4 for reserve obligations), and establishing a special military fund, the "aerarium militare", imposing a 5% inheritance tax and 1% auction sales tax to pay for it. From it came bonus payments to retiring soldiers amounting to several years’ salary. It could also have been used to guarantee regular pay. Previously legions had to rely on booty.
If military careers were now possible, so were careers for military specialists, such as "medici". Under Augustus for the first time occupational names of officers and functions began to appear in inscriptions. The "valetudinaria", or military versions of the "aesculapia" (the names mean the same thing) became features of permanent camps. Caches of surgical instruments have been found in some of them. From this indirect evidence it is possible to conclude to the formation of an otherwise unknown permanent medical corps.
In the early empire one finds "milites medici" who were "immunes" (“exempt”) from other duties. Some were staff of the hospital, which Pseudo-Hyginus mentions as being set apart from other buildings so that the patients can rest. The hospital administrator was an "optio valetudinarii". The orderlies aren’t generally mentioned, but they must have existed, as the patients needed care and the doctors had more important duties. Perhaps they were servile or civilians, not worth mentioning. There were some "noscomi", male nurses not in the army. Or, they could have been the "milites medici". The latter term might be any military medic or it might be orderlies detailed from the legion. There were also "medici castrorum". Not enough information survives in the sources to say for certain what distinctions existed, if any.
The army of Augustus featured a standardized officer corps, described by Vegetius. Among them were the "Ordinarii", the officers of an "Ordo" or rank. In an "acies triplex" there were three such "ordines", the centuries (companies) of which were commanded by centurions. The "Ordinarii" were therefore of the rank of a centurion but did not necessarily command one if they were staff.
The term "medici ordinarii" in the inscriptions must refer to the lowest ranking military physicians. No doctor was in any sense “ordinary”. They were to be feared and respected, just as they are today. During his reign, Augustus finally conferred the "dignitas equestris", or social rank of knight, on all physicians, public or private. They were then full citizens (in case there were any Hellenic questions) and could wear the rings of knights. In the army there was at least one other rank of physician, the "medicus duplicarius", “medic at double pay”, and, as the legion had "milites sesquiplicarii", "soldiers at 1.5 pay", perhaps the medics had that pay grade as well.
Augustan posts were named according to a formula containing the name of the rank and the unit commanded in the genitive case; e.g., the commander of a legion, who was a legate; that is, an officer appointed by the emperor, was the "legatus legionis", “the legate of the legion.” Those posts worked pretty much as today; a man on his way up the "cursus honorum" (“ladder of offices”, roughly) would command a legion for a certain term and then move on.
The posts of "medicus legionis" and a "medicus cohortis" were most likely to be commanders of the "medici" of the legion and its cohorts. They were all under the "praetor" or camp commander, who might be the "legatus" but more often was under the "legatus" himself. There was, then, a medical corps associated with each camp. The cavalry "alae" (“wings”) and the larger ships all had their medical officers, the "medici alarum" and the "medici triremis" respectively.
Practice.
As far as can be determined, the medical corps in battle worked as follows. Trajan's Column depicts medics on the battlefield bandaging soldiers. They were located just behind the standards; i.e., near the field headquarters. This must have been a field aid station, not necessarily the first, as the soldiers or corpsmen among the soldiers would have administered first aid before carrying their wounded comrades to the station. Some soldiers were designated to ride along the line on a horse picking up the wounded. They were paid by the number of men they rescued. Bandaging was performed by "capsarii", who carried bandages ("fascia") in their "capsae", or bags.
From the aid station the wounded went by horse-drawn ambulance to other locations, ultimately to the camp hospitals in the area. There they were seen by the "medici vulnerarii", or surgeons, the main type of military doctor. They were given a bed in the hospital if they needed it and one was available. The larger hospitals could administer 400-500 beds. If these were insufficient the camp commander probably utilized civilian facilities in the region or quartered them in the "vici", “villages”, as in the republic.
A base hospital was quadrangular with barracks-like wards surrounding a central courtyard. On the outside of the quadrangle were private rooms for the patients. Although unacquainted with bacteria, Roman medical doctors knew about contagion and did their best to prevent it. Rooms were isolated, running water carried the waste away, and the drinking and washing water was tapped up the slope from the latrines.
Within the hospital were operating rooms, kitchens, baths, a dispensary, latrines, a mortuary and herb gardens, as doctors relied heavily on herbs for drugs. The "medici" could treat any wound received in battle, as long as the patient was alive. They operated or otherwise treated with scalpels, hooks, levers, drills, probes, forceps, catheters and arrow-extractors on patients anesthetized with morphine (opium poppy extract) and scopolamine (henbane extract). Instruments were boiled before use. Wounds were washed in vinegar and stitched. Broken bones were placed in traction. There is, however, evidence of wider concerns. A vaginal speculum suggests gynecology was practiced, and an anal speculum implies knowledge that the size and condition of internal organs accessible through the orifices was an indication of health. They could extract eye cataracts with a special needle. Operating room amphitheaters indicate that medical education was ongoing. Many have proposed that the knowledge and practices of the "medici" were not exceeded until the 20th century CE.
Regulation of medicine.
By the late empire the state had taken more of a hand in regulating medicine. The law codes of the 4th century CE, such as the Codex Theodosianus, paint a picture of a medical system enforced by the laws and the state apparatus. At the top was the equivalent of a surgeon general of the empire. He was by law a noble, a "dux" (duke) or a "vicarius" (vicar) of the emperor. He held the title of "comes archiatorum", “count of the chief healers.” The Greek word "iatros", “healer”, was higher-status than the Latin "medicus".
Under the "comes" were a number of officials called the "archiatri", or more popularly the "protomedici", "supra medicos", "domini medicorum" or "superpositi medicorum". They were paid by the state. It was their function to supervise all the "medici" in their districts; i.e., they were the chief medical examiners. Their families were exempt from taxes. They could not be prosecuted nor could troops be quartered in their homes. 
The archiatri were divided into two groups:
The "archiatri" settled all medical disputes. Rome had 14 of them; the number in other communities varied from 5 to 10 depending on the population.

</doc>
<doc id="5989663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989663" title="The Daily Nightly">
The Daily Nightly

The Daily Nightly is the official blog of "NBC Nightly News". It is mainly authored by anchor Brian Williams, with contributions from other NBC News correspondents and producers. The blog provides insight into the planning of the daily broadcast, and features a daily summary of the stories on the night's broadcast by Brian Williams or the substitute anchor.

</doc>
<doc id="5989665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989665" title="One woodland terminal model">
One woodland terminal model

The ITU terrestrial model for one terminal in woodland is a radio propagation model belonging to the class of foliage models. This model is a successor of the early ITU model.
Applicable to/under conditions.
Applicable to the scenario where one terminal of a link is inside foliage and the other end is free.
Coverage.
Frequency: below 5 GHz
Depth of foliage: unspecified
Mathematical formulation.
The mathematical formulation of the model is:
formula_1
Where,
Av = Attenuation due to vegetation. Unit: decibel (dB)
A = Maximum attenuation for one terminal caused by a certain foliage. Unit: decibel (dB)
d = Depth of Foliage along the path. Unit: Meter(m)
formula_2 = Specific attenuation for short vegetations. Unit: decibel/meter (dB/m)
Points to note.
The value of formula_3 is dependent on frequency and is an empirical constant.
The model assumes that exactly one of the terminals is located inside some forest or plantation and the term depth applies to the distance from the terminal inside the plantation to the end of plantation along the link.

</doc>
<doc id="5989669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989669" title="Where I Should Be">
Where I Should Be

Where I Should Be is the sixth studio album by Peter Frampton, released in 1979.
Background.
In 1978 Peter Frampton appeared in the movie version of The Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", alongside the Bee Gees. He played the role of Billy Shears. The movie was not received well, although it did give Frampton another "Rolling Stone" magazine cover appearance. The soundtrack was successful though, it reached #5 in the album charts and went platinum. Frampton appears on the album, performing The Beatles tunes alongside people like George Burns. On June 21, 1978, "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" was released into theaters. In June 1978, Frampton suffered a near fatal car crash in the Bahamas, which left him with a concussion, muscle damage and broken bones, to make matters worse, he and his longtime girlfriend also ended their relationship. But in 1979, he released the album "Where I Should Be", which went gold and produced the hit "I Can't Stand It No More", which reached #14 in the singles charts. In addition to some good Frampton compositions and guitar solos ("Got My Feet Back on the Ground", Everything I Need", She Don't Reply") The album's other highlights include the two Isaac Hayes - David Porter covers, "May I Baby", and "You Don't Know Like I Know".
Personnel.
The line-up on this album was varied and did not consist solely of the previous Frampton band.
Charts.
Album
Single

</doc>
<doc id="5989673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989673" title="Complement factor B">
Complement factor B

Complement factor B is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CFB" gene.

</doc>
<doc id="5989680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989680" title="List of baronetcies in the Baronetage of Great Britain">
List of baronetcies in the Baronetage of Great Britain

This is a list of baronetcies in the Baronetage of Great Britain. There were first created in 1707, and was replaced by the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1801.

</doc>
<doc id="5989683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989683" title="Chingaari">
Chingaari

Chingaari (; ) is a 2006 Bollywood film directed by Kalpana Lajmi. The film is based on the novel, "The Prostitute and the Postman" by Bhupen Hazarika. 
The film is a commentary on the abuse of power and in particular discusses the injustices of the priests in India. Beneath the love triangle between the main characters, there is an age-old story that shows that not even "holy men" are exempt from the corruption of power.
Plot.
Basanti (Sushmita Sen) is a prostitute with a child, Titali, working with Ila Arun. Chandan (Anuj Sawhney) is a newly recruited postman. Upon his arrival in the village, he is moved by Basanti's sufferings. The third part of the love triangle is Bhuvan Panda (Mithun Chakraborty), the village priest of the goddess, Kali. He thinks of himself as a god and bends religion as per his will. In the movie, the priest follows some of the aghori rituals and is one of Basanti's regular customers. Bhuvan Panda has a fetish for sadism. Meanwhile Chandan befriends Titali and Basanti and it is here that Basanti discloses that she wants a better life for her daughter, Titali.
Chandan falls in love with Basanti and promises to give her and Titali a better life. The priest does not approve of the marriage, for obvious reasons. Bhuvan Panda plans to kill Basanti. Chandan tries to stop him and is killed. As this is happening, Basanti awaits her lover at the altar. When he does not arrive, Basanti leaves broken-hearted. In her despair, Basanti returns to her life of prostitution.
When the news of what happened to Chandan reaches Basanti, she and all the villagers attack the temple. In a climactic confrontation between the prostitute and the priest, Bhuvan Panda is killed at the hands of Basanti. The story ends with Basanti avenging the death of her lover.

</doc>
<doc id="5989694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989694" title="Centralian Superbasin">
Centralian Superbasin

The Centralian Superbasin is a large intracratonic sedimentary basin which occupied a large area of central, southern and western Australia during much of the Neoproterozoic Era (~830-540 Ma).
This superbasin was disrupted by two periods of uplift and mountain building, the latest Neoproterozoic Petermann Orogeny and Palaeozoic Alice Springs Orogeny, to leave remnants including the Amadeus, Georgina, Ngalia, and Officer basins.

</doc>
<doc id="5989697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989697" title="Belfast Suburban Rail">
Belfast Suburban Rail

The Belfast Suburban Rail commuter network serves the metropolitan area of Greater Belfast and some of its commuter towns with three lines. The network is owned by Translink and operated by N I Railways (which is a subsidiary of Translink).
Larne Line.
Stations - Belfast Great Victoria Street, City Hospital, Botanic, Belfast Central, Yorkgate, Whiteabbey, Jordanstown, Greenisland, Trooperslane, Clipperstown, Carrickfergus, Downshire, Whitehead, Ballycarry, Magheramorne, Glynn, Larne Town, Larne Harbour.
Portadown Line.
Stations - Belfast Great Victoria Street, Adelaide, Balmoral, Finaghy, Dunmurry, Derriaghy, Lambeg, Hilden, Lisburn, Moira, Lurgan, Portadown.
This line has the potential to be extended from Portadown to Armagh city centre by reopening the railway line. Government Minister for the Department for Regional Development, Danny Kennedy MLA indicates railway restoration plans of the line from Portadown to Armagh.
Bangor Line.
Stations - Belfast Great Victoria Street, , , , Titanic Quarter, Sydenham, Holywood, Marino, Cultra, Seahill, Helen's Bay, Carnalea, Bangor West, Bangor.

</doc>
<doc id="5989701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989701" title="Shorty McShorts' Shorts">
Shorty McShorts' Shorts

"Shorty McShorts' Shorts" is a Disney Channel animated anthology series, which consisted of 4-5 minute shorts. The first episode aired on July 28, 2006.
The series also aired on Toon Disney for a short period of time. In Latin America, it was broadcast on Jetix (now Disney XD).
Summary.
The host of the show is Shorty McShorts. His name is often shortened to "Shorty" or "SMS", which appears on the hat that he wears. He also wears blue shorts and is the train conductor for his own Short Line. He appears in advertisements for the show and in the introduction and conclusion of each short. He does not appear in any of the shorts.
The show takes form of a Saturday morning cartoon, as the shorts that are shown could very well be installments of their own miniseries. "The Boyz on Da Run" shorts appear in a certain order and have three episodes attached as a miniseries. The other episodes do belong to their own miniseries, but the way the shorts are set up suggests that more installments under the same name could be produced.
Broadcast history.
After the premiere of "Shorty McShorts' Shorts" on July 28, 2006 (7:55/6:55c pm), the series mainly received mediocre reviews. Having received an average rating of 4.9 out of 10.0 on TV.com, episodes premiered week after week until the 6th episode. The best received episode was the "Boyz on Da Run" getting an 8.4 out of 10.0. The third part of the "Boyz on Da Run" miniseries was the last episode of Season 1, having aired on September 29, 2006.
The show went into hiatus until April 2007. During the meantime, another short series, "Minuscule", filled in as a substitute for "Shorty McShorts' Shorts" during its hiatus. The second season was on air for only a very limited time, as it aired new episodes only for one month straight (April 20, 2007 - May 25, 2007). The best received episode, and last to air, was "Flip-Flopped", getting a 10.0 out of 10.0 and receiving controversy.
"Shorty McShorts' Shorts" was last shown on June 2007, before being completely cancelled. The show ended with a rating of 5.1 out of 10.0 on TV.com. Reruns were rarely shown, and were used mainly as time slot fillers, until they stopped airing altogether. The show's web page on disneychannel.com has since been removed, and currently, extinct.
The short, "SheZow!", was later revived as a TV series.

</doc>
<doc id="5989706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989706" title="Great Florida Birding Trail">
Great Florida Birding Trail

Great Florida Birding Trail (GFBT) is a 2,000 mile (3200 km) long collection of more than 500 locations in the U.S. state of Florida where the state's bird habitats are protected. The trail promotes birdwatching, environmental education and ecotourism.
The trail is divided into four sections (Panhandle, West, Eastern, and South) each containing at least two 'gateway' sites. Within each section the sites are grouped into clusters. Usually the sites in a cluster are within an hour's drive of each other.
Many of the state's 514 species can be found along the Trail, including the Roseate Spoonbill, Limpkin, Swallow-tailed Kite, Red-cockaded Woodpecker and the endangered Florida Scrub Jay.
Panhandle.
82 sites in 16 counties
West.
119 sites in 21 counties
Eastern.
182 sites in 18 counties
South.
122 sites in 12 counties
See List of Sites South Section Great Florida Birding Trail

</doc>
<doc id="5989724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989724" title="Mubin Shaikh">
Mubin Shaikh

Mubin Shaikh was one of two undercover counter terrorism operatives for the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) in the 2006 Toronto Terrorism case. He was active with the Service for some years domestically as well as abroad but the details of his activities are subject to national security restrictions and have never been disclosed to the public. He moved on to become a Royal Canadian Mounted Police agent when one of the Service investigations uncovered a group of young Muslim men of various ethnic backgrounds intending to engage in criminal offences regarding terrorism. 
It appears from the court evidence that the plot was well underway before CSIS had assigned Mubin Shaikh to this investigation. Shaikh was not made aware of the information CSIS already had in order to keep him objective. The CSIS investigation was formally moved to the RCMP when Shaikh verified the information as disclosed to him by the subjects of the investigation.
He had expressed his dismay at many Canadians who were skeptical of the allegations of a legitimate terrorist plot. 
Following three public hearings; Youth Preliminary Hearings(Jan. 2007), Adult Preliminary Hearings (Sep. 2007) and a Youth Trial by Judge (2008), and despite allegations of entrapment, in March 2009 judge John Sproat vindicated Shaikh of any wrongdoing and stated in his ruling that the groups plans were already underway prior to Shaikh's involvement and could not have been the result of the state abusing its authority. 
The full text of Judge Sproat's ruling can be found at http://www.canlii.org/en/on/onsc/doc/2008/2008canlii51935/2008canlii51935.html 
At the end of the Adult Trial by Jury in June 2010, a comprehensive presentation of previously restricted information including court exhibits entered as evidence, complete with transcripts and video was put forward by Isabel Teotonio of the Toronto Star. It can be accessed at: http://www3.thestar.com/static/toronto18/index.html
Personal life.
Shaikh was born at St. Michael's Hospital in Toronto, to Indian parents who had emigrated from the United Kingdom. He is the older brother to two a sister and a brother; often protecting them during their childhood and middle school years.
Shaikh attended Grade 7 and 8 at Kane Senior Public School and joined the Royal Canadian Army Cadets at the age of 13. He then attended York Memorial Collegiate, where he briefly fought the urge to travel to Chechnya or Bosnia to participate in jihad.
In May 1995, he volunteered with Tablighi Jamaat and traveled to the United States, Pakistan, India and Britain with the group. It was in Quetta in 1995 during this trip, that he met with the Taliban prior to their takeover of Afghanistan in 1995.
A Sunni Muslim, Shaikh is also a member of the Liberal Party of Canada.
Activism.
Shaikh became a volunteer with the Masjid al-Noor's arbitration process. In 2005, he began actively campaigning for recognition of Sharia law as a voluntary method of dispute-resolution in Ontario's Muslim community. When public outcry condemned the practice, Shaikh believed that racism and "hate speech" played a large role. 
His activities as a mediator and investigator with the so-called "Shariah Courts" are detailed in this government report: http://www.attorneygeneral.jus.gov.on.ca/english/about/pubs/boyd/fullreport.pdf and is referenced throughout the document.
He is also a noted activist and public speaker, speaking on a 2004 panel for the Millennium Scholarship Foundation at Parliament Hill in Ottawa and the International Law Student Conference of November 2004. He has appeared as a panel speaker at the University of Toronto and McGill University.
He has travelled extensively throughout the world and lived in Syria from 2002 through 2004.
Public and police role.
Upon his return to Canada from Syria in 2004, he heard of Mohammad Khawaja's arrest. Khawaja and Shaikh knew each other from childhood and subsequent meetings with CSIS convinced him to work as a covert human intelligence source.
On November 27, 2005 - Shaikh met with members of the terrorist plot at an information meeting at the "Taj Banquet Hall" regarding the controversial use of security certificates in the country, and began his "infiltration" of the group. 
He was told that a training trip to Orillia had been planned (the two leaders had already visited the camp site prior to Shaikh's assignment in the case, and asked Shaikh if he would train them in guerilla tactics and teach them how to use a gun. Shaikh mentioned his military training and later showed them his Possession and Acquisition License. Zakaria Amara then invited Shaikh to purchase a rifle and some ammunition.
Zakaria Amara would eventually plead guilty and his public apology to Canadians (including the Muslim community) can be found here: http://www.thestar.com/news/article/750838--apology-read-by-zakaria-amara 
The first legal hearing took place in January 2007. It would be followed by four other proceedings: an Adult Preliminary Hearing (halted by the Prosecution mid-way and proceeded to trial in 2010), a Youth Trial by judge alone (found guilty but released with time served), an Abuse of Process Motion (Entrapment hearing) and Adult Trial by jury. 
In 2009 an 'abuse of process' motion was heard where the issue of entrapment was discussed at length. Judge Sproat took into consideration all allegations and concluded that no such entrapment took place and that Shaikh 'exhibited a great number of the hallmarks of a truthful and credible witness'. 
Shaikh testified yet again at the adult trial by jury of ringleader Fahim Ahmad, Asad Ansari and Steven Chand in April 2010 - the fifth such legal proceeding. Fahim Ahmed plead guilty mid-way through this trial and has since been sentenced to 16 years.
Shaikh's testimony in this landmark prosecution ended May 2010.
A comprehensive and detailed account of the case was done by Isabel Teotonio of the Toronto Star and is available at http://www3.thestar.com/static/toronto18/index.html
Since the case and the subsequent prosecutions, Mubin Shaikh has obtained a Master of Policing, Intelligence and Counter Terrorism (MPICT) from Macquarie University and is currently a PhD candidate in (Applied) Psychology with the University of Liverpool's, Tactical Decision Making Research Group. Link: http://www.liv.ac.uk/psychology-health-and-society/postgraduate-study/programmes/applied-psychology/psychology-mphil-phd/about-us/ 
He is also a member of the Canadian research network on terrorism, security and society at www.tsas.ca, engaged in the academic study of radicalization and terrorism in North America and Europe. His LinkedIn profile is available here: http://ca.linkedin.com/pub/mubin-shaikh-mpict-phd-cand/29/640/9b9

</doc>
<doc id="5989734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989734" title="List of baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom">
List of baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom

This is a list of baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. They have been created since 1801, when they replaced the baronetages of Baronetage of Great Britain and Baronetage of Ireland. This list is not currently complete and has been split into sub articles, 1 per letter.

</doc>
<doc id="5989739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989739" title="Radim Nyč">
Radim Nyč

Radim Nyč (born April 11, 1966) is a former Czech cross country skier who raced from 1988 to 1994. He earned a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary while his best individual Winter Olympics finish was a 6th in the 50 km event in 1992.
Nyč also won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1989 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. His best individual finish at the Nordic skiing World Championships was a 13th in the 15 km event at those same championships.
Nyč's best career World Cup finish was sixth in 1991 in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5989740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989740" title="Yves Rocheleau">
Yves Rocheleau

Yves Rocheleau (born 31 October 1944 in Cap-de-la-Madeleine, Quebec) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2004. He is a consultant by career, including government work.
He was elected in the Trois-Rivières electoral district under the Bloc Québécois party in the 1993, 1997 and 2000 elections, serving in the 35th, 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments respectively.
In the 1984 general election, he unsuccessfully campaigned in the Trois-Rivières riding for the Parti nationaliste du Québec.
Rocheleau left Canadian federal politics in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5989747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989747" title="Rictor Norton">
Rictor Norton

Rictor Norton (born 1945) is an American writer on literary and cultural history, particularly gay history. He is based in London, England.
Biography.
Norton was born in New York on June 25, 1945. He gained a BA from Florida Southern College in 1967, and a PhD from Florida State University in 1972. His doctoral dissertation was on homosexual themes in English Renaissance literature. He worked as an instructor at Florida State University from 1970–72, where he taught a course on gay and lesbian literature in 1971, one of the earliest gay courses in the United States. He was an active member of the Gay Liberation Front from 1971–72, and was involved in campaigning for the repeal of Florida's sodomy statute.
In 1973, he moved to London, UK, where he has lived since, working as a journalist, publisher, researcher and freelance scholar. He worked as a research editor for the fortnightly London news journal, "Gay News", from 1974 to 1978. He wrote articles on gay history and literature for publications such as "Gay Sunshine" and "The Advocate" throughout the 1970s, and for Gay Times later. In December 2005 he formed a civil partnership with his partner of nearly thirty years.
Work.
Norton's first book grew out of his PhD thesis on homosexuality in English Renaissance Literature. It was published as "The Homosexual Literary Tradition" (1972).
Norton has published academic articles in "Renascence", "American Imago", "Yearbook of Comparative and General Literature", the "London Journal", etc. He has also contributed to "Sex Doctors and Sex Crimes", a contributor of entries to "Who's Who in Gay & Lesbian History" (Routledge, 2001) and a contributor to the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography".
His recent work includes "Mother Clap's Molly House" (1992; 2nd edition 2006), a history of the Molly House in England, and "The Myth of the Modern Homosexual", a critique of social constructionism and the Foucauldian model of sexuality. His work "My Dear Boy" (1998) edits sixty sets of love letters from men to other men throughout history, from Ancient Rome to Twentieth-century America.
Essays reprinted in Gay Roots.
Gay London in the 1720s; Ganymede Raped - The Critic as Censor; Reflections on the Gay Movement; The Passions of Michelangelo; Hard Gemlike Flame: Walter Pater and His Circle; The Historical Roots of Homophobia (containing material not previously published). Ed. Winston Leyland, San Francisco: Gay Sunshine Press, Vol. I, 1991; Vol. II, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5989768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989768" title="Złoty Stok">
Złoty Stok

Złoty Stok (, ) is a town in Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is situated on the border with the Czech Republic, adjoining the Czech village Bílá Voda.
The name "Złoty Stok" means "golden slope" in Polish and is a reference to the fact that a gold deposit was mined here in the Middle Ages.
The town is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Złoty Stok, and lies approximately south of Ząbkowice Śląskie and south of the regional capital Wrocław. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. (For more information about the history of the region, see Silesia.)
Złoty Stok/Riechenstein was, for many prisoners of war, a stopping place on 'The Long March' during the final months of the Second World War in Europe. About 30,000 Allied PoWs were force-marched westward across Poland, Czechoslovakia and Germany in appalling winter conditions, lasting about four months from January to April 1945.
As at 2006, the town has a population of 2,930.
Its Czech name is applied to the neighbouring mountain range, the Rychleby Mountains (). The corresponding Polish name is "Góry Złote" (Golden Mountains). This range is part of the eastern Sudetes.
There is a number of historical monuments in the town, including the Museum of Gold Mining and Metallurgy ("Muzeum Górnictwa i Hutnictwa Złota w Złotym Stoku").
The first evidence of mining in Zloty Stok dates from the first millennium AD. At the beginning of the 16th century the town, called Reichenstein (Richstone) by the Germans, began to flower thanks to the mining and working of gold. The search for this precious ore continued until the closing of the mine in the late 1960s, this, even though it had not fully rendered all its wealth.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5989773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989773" title="C4b-binding protein">
C4b-binding protein

C4b-binding protein (C4BP) is a protein involved in the complement system where it acts as inhibitor. C4BP has an octopus-like structure with a central stalk and seven branching alpha-chains. The main form of C4BP in human blood is composed of 7 identical alpha-chains and one unique beta-chain, which in turn binds anticoagulant, vitamin K-dependent protein S.
C4BP is a large glycoprotein (500 kDa) with an estimated plasma concentration of 200 micrograms/mL synthesized mainly in the liver.
The genes coding for C4BP α-chain (C4BPA) and β-chain (C4BPB) are located in the RCA gene cluster on the long arm of chromosome 1 in the vicinity of other complement inhibitors. 
Functions.
It inhibits the action the classical and the lectin pathways, more specifically C4. It also has ability to bind C3b. C4BP accelerates decay of C3-convertase and is a cofactor for serine protease factor I which cleaves C4b and C3b. 
C4BP binds apoptotic and necrotic cells as well as DNA, to clean up after injury. The interaction with apoptotic and necrotic cells is mediated by the Gla-domain of protein S and does not affect the ability of C4BP to inhibit complement.
A number of bacterial and fungal pathogens capture human C4BP, which allows them to establish infection.
No full deficiency of C4BP has been found yet.
C4BP interacts also with heparin, C-reactive protein (CRP), serum amyloid P component (SAP), fibromodulin, osteoadherin, chondroadherin, proline arginine-rich end leucine-rich repeat protein (PRELP), streptococcal M-proteins, gonococcal porins, Outer membrane protein A from E. coli, Ubiquitous surface protein 1 and 2 from Moraxella.

</doc>
<doc id="5989776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989776" title="The Peasant Wedding">
The Peasant Wedding

The Peasant Wedding is a 1567 painting by the Flemish Renaissance painter and printmaker Pieter Bruegel the Elder, one of his many depicting peasant life. It is currently housed in the Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna.
Scene.
The bride is under the canopy. According to contemporary custom, the groom is not seated at the table but may be the man pouring out beer. Two pipers play the pijpzak, and an unbreeched boy in the foreground licks a plate.
The feast is in a barn in the spring time; two ears of corn with a rake remind us of the work that harvesting involves, and the hard life peasants have. The plates are carried on a door off its hinges. The main food was bread, porridge and soup.
In popular culture.
The painting was parodied in "Asterix in Belgium".
Another parody was the postcard for the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="5989779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989779" title="Natural landscaping">
Natural landscaping

Natural landscaping, also called native gardening, is the use of native plants, including trees, shrubs, groundcover, and grasses which are indigenous to the geographic area of the garden. 
Benefits.
Maintenance.
Natural landscaping is adapted to the climate, geography and hydrology and should require no pesticides, fertilizers and watering to maintain, given that native plants have adapted and evolved to local conditions over thousands of years. However, these applications may be necessary for some preventative care of trees and other vegetation in areas of degraded or weedy landscapes.
Native plants suit today's interest in "low-maintenance" gardening and landscaping, with many species vigorous and hardy and able to survive winter cold and summer heat. Once established, they can flourish without irrigation or fertilization, and are resistant to most pests and diseases.
Many municipalities have quickly recognized the benefits of natural landscaping due to municipal budget constraints and reductions and the general public is now benefiting from the implementation of natural landscaping techniques to save water and create more personal time.
Ecology and habitat.
Native plants provide suitable habitat for native species of butterflies, birds, and other wildlife. They provide more variety in gardens by offering myriad alternatives to the often planted introduced species, cultivars, and invasive species. The indigenous plants have co-evolved with animals, fungi and microbes, to form a complex network of relationships. They are the foundation of their native habitats and ecosystems, or natural communities.
Such gardens often benefit from the plants being evolved and habituated to the local climate, pests and herbivores, and soil conditions, and so may require fewer to no soil amendments, irrigation, pesticides, and herbicides for a beautiful, lower maintenance, and more sustainable landscape.
Habitat challenges.
However, while local provenance plants have adapted to local conditions (which includes climate, soil, and other native plants and animals), there will often be instances, especially in cities, where one or more of these will have been radically altered.
Examples include:
Many weeds in an area are usually the result of imported plants. These plants become invasive because there are no natural controls such as disease, weather, or fauna in their new environment. They take over native habitats, reducing shelter and food for local fauna. Using local provenance plants increases the biodiversity of and is important for the health of a region's overall ecology. 
Much of the wild areas have been destroyed to make room for urban development. Housing developments have replaced native habitats with ornamental plants and lawns, pushing the wildland-urban interface further out. While development won't be stopped, gardeners can keep wild areas and green spaces filled with native species on their lots and in their communities.
Despite this, there are usually plenty of indigenous or native plants which will grow and thrive in the area one is trying to establish a native garden.
Types.
Wildflower gardens.
Wildflower is a term used in some countries to describe the numerous showy flowers from some drier climates, most notably southwest Western Australia, Southern Africa and North America.
Rain gardens.
Rain gardens that absorb rainwater from gutters and impervious surfaces, work much better when planted with native plants tolerant to the alternate flooding and drying cycles.
Some wildflower gardens attempt to recreate a prairie landscape, including native grasses along with the flowering plants, or forbs. Such gardens benefit the local wildlife, often attracting birds, butterflies and small mammals. By carefully choosing the plants in the garden, the gardener can encourage some of these visitors to the garden. One popular type of wildflower garden specializes in attracting butterflies and is called a butterfly garden.
The native plants used in wildflower gardens often have deep root systems. This makes them good plants for absorbing runoff and allowing the water to filter back into the local water table. Wildflower gardens that focus on capturing runoff in this fashion are called rain gardens.
Effect of new construction.
In new construction, builders can either avoid clear cutting or clearing an entire property and disturbing other large flora or builders can completely clear an area of all flora to save construction time and replace the clearing with juvenile specimens once the job is complete. The downside to this is additional costs involved with purchasing replacements. The builder may also choose to plant additional native trees and other flora after construction to help the property blend with natural surroundings.
In some planned developments, natural landscaping is the requirement. Builders may not remove trees larger than a specific diameter and owners may not arbitrarily cut trees without a permit.
Land reclamation.
Throughout the world, forested areas were turned into cattle grazing or farmland. Often this land is then turned into residential or commercial use property. By returning the land back to its original state prior to human disturbance, vast amounts of energy usage and increasing pollution can be reduced. Natural landscaping costs less to install than traditional landscaping and, after the initial few years, reduces maintenance costs, combats erosion, and accommodates storm and flood waters better.
Native plant societies.
In many parts of the world there are societies, clubs or local groups, such as Bushcare or ASGAP in Australia or the North American Native Plant Society, which are made up of gardeners interested in growing plants local to their area, state or country. In the United States, Wild Ones--Native Plants, Natural Landscapes and Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center. provide information on native plants and promote natural landscaping. These organizations can be the best resources for learning about and obtaining local native plants. Many members have spent years or decades cultivating local plants or bushwalking in local areas.
References.
North American Native Plant Society

</doc>
<doc id="5989780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989780" title="Polydorus (son of Cadmus)">
Polydorus (son of Cadmus)

In Greek mythology, Polydorus ( or ; , i.e. "many-gift") was the eldest son of Cadmus and Harmonia and king of Thebes. His sisters were Semele, Ino, Agave, and Autonoë.
Upon the death of Cadmus, Pentheus, the son of Echion and Agave, the daughter of Cadmus, ruled Thebes for a short time until Dionysus prompted Agave to kill Pentheus. Polydorus then succeeded Pentheus as king of Thebes and married Nycteïs, the daughter of Nycteus. When their son Labdacus was still young, Polydorus died of unknown causes, leaving Nycteus as his regent. In Pausanias's history, Polydorus' rule began when his father abdicated, but this is the only source for such a timeline.

</doc>
<doc id="5989782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989782" title="DB Schenker Rail Rybnik">
DB Schenker Rail Rybnik

DB Schenker Rail Rybnik S.A., till 2009 PCC RAIL RYBNIK S.A., formerly "Przedsiębiorstwo Transportu Kolejowego i Gospodarki Kamieniem w Rybniku", PTKiGK Rybnik (Rail Transport and Stone Management Company in Rybnik), is a Polish rail company operating mainly in freight transport. 
The company owns 110 locomotives and 1577 freight cars. In 2005, it transported over 52,700,000 tons of cargo. Locomotives are painted red and light yellow (the PTKiGK livery), but the colours are to be changed to the blue-orange PCC Rail livery.
History.
PTKiGK Rybnik emerged from the company ZTKiGK, that started operation in 1965, taking care of mainly stone transport.
In 1994, the company was privatised and went public under the name PTKiGK.
In 2007, the main part of shares was taken over by the PCC Rail group; in 8 October 2008, the name was changed to the PCC Rail Rybnik.
Acquisition by Deutsche Bahn.
On 30 January 2009, PCC's president Waldemar Preussner sold PCC Rail S.A. to Deutsche Bahn, the German national railway company. PCC Rail is slated to become a part of DB Schenker Rail's Eastern European operations. After the transaction was finalized, the name of the company was changed to DB Schenker Rail Rybnik S.A.

</doc>
<doc id="5989786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989786" title="Daily Nightly">
Daily Nightly

"Daily Nightly" is a song by Michael Nesmith of The Monkees, which appeared on their fourth album, "Pisces, Aquarius, Capricorn & Jones Ltd.", in 1967, and was featured in two second-season episodes of their television series, "A Fairy Tale" and "Monkees Blow Their Minds".
The song is simple musically, using the chords A Major, C Major, D Major, and E Major.
The song appears on the third CD of the 2009 Rhino compilation "Where the Action Is! Los Angeles Nuggets 1965–1968".
Live versions.
The song has been a regular inclusion in the setlist of the 2012 An Evening with the Monkees tour featuring Nesmith, Dolenz, & Peter Tork. During the song, Nesmith vocally performs an interpretation of the original Moog sound effects. According to Dolenz, the song was never performed live prior to 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5989807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989807" title="Jean Shepard">
Jean Shepard

Ollie Imogene Shepard (born November 21, 1933), better known as Jean Shepard, is an American honky tonk singer-songwriter who was a pioneer for women in country music. Shepard released a total of 73 singles to the Hot Country Songs chart, one of which reached the No. 1 spot. She recorded a total of 24 studio albums between 1956 and 1981, and has been a member of the Grand Ole Opry since 1955.
After Kitty Wells' 1952 breakthrough, Shepard quickly followed, and a national television gig and the Opry helped make her a star when few female country singers had enduring success. Her first hit, "A Dear John Letter", a 1953 duet with Ferlin Husky, was the first post-World War II record by a woman country artist to sell more than a million copies.
Biography.
Jean Shepard was born November 21, 1933 in Pauls Valley, Oklahoma, but was raised in Visalia, California near Bakersfield. As a teenager, she played bass in the Melody Ranch Girls, an all-female band formed in 1948. Hank Thompson discovered Shepard a few years later. With Thompson's help, Shepard signed with Capitol Records in 1952, following the success of Kitty Wells' "It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels" Shepard cut four songs at her first session with popular band players Jimmy Bryant, Speedy West, Cliffie Stone and Billy Strange. She recorded her first single for the label in 1952, "Crying Steel Guitar Waltz", but it failed to chart.
1953–1956: Breakthrough.
Shepard's first chart appearance was 1953's duet with Ferlin Husky, with "A Dear John Letter". It was a No. 1 smash, and also became a major crossover pop hit, peaking at No. 4 on the "Billboard" pop chart. The song struck a chord a with audiences as it was a half-spoken duet about a soldier in the Korean War. The duo's follow-up, "Forgive Me John", was another crossover hit, peaking in the Top 10 on the country chart and the top 25 on the pop chart. Because at 20 she was still a minor, Shepard's parents signed her rights to Husky so she could tour.
In 1955, Shepard joined ABC-TV's nationally-telecast "Ozark Jubilee" for several years, and recorded her first studio album, "Songs of a Love Affair", written by Shepard. She also charted her first solo top ten single, "A Satisfied Mind", that same year, backed by the No. 13 hit, "Take Possession". "A Satisfied Mind" peaked at No. 4 on the "Billboard" country chart. Shepard had another top five hit the same year with "Beautiful Lies". Its flip side, "I Thought of You", peaked in the country top ten. Her streak of hit singles led to an invitation to join the Grand Ole Opry in 1955 as one of its few female stars; Kitty Wells and Minnie Pearl were the only others.
Because she was a honky tonk singer when the Nashville sound was popular, Shepard had just two charting country singles between 1956 and 1963. She had two charting singles in 1958 and 1959, however, with "I Want to Go Where No One Knows Me" and "Have Heart Will Love"; and was also named "Cash Box"'s Top Female Artist of 1959.
In 1960, Shepard married fellow Opry star Hawkshaw Hawkins, whom she had met on "Ozark Jubilee." He died three years later in the same plane crash that killed Patsy Cline and Cowboy Copas. Shepard gave birth to their son Hawkshaw Jr. just one month after the crash. She later married country music musician and singer Benny Birchfield and they remain married.
1964–1978: Commercial resurgence.
Shepard returned to the top ten in 1964 with "Second Fiddle (To an Old Guitar)", which began a string of hits and proved a commercial comeback as well. In 1964 and 1965, she had two Top 40 hits with "A Tear Dropped By" and "Someone's Gotta Cry", from the "Heart, We Did All We Could" LP released in 1967. In 1966, Shepard recorded a duet with country singer Ray Pillow titled, "I'll Take the Dog", which peaked at No. 9 on the "Billboard" country chart. This was followed by two solo hit singles the same year: the top ten hit, "If the Teardrops Were Silver" and the top 15 hit, "Many Happy Hangovers to You".
In 1967, Shepard had two top 20 hits with the title track of "Heart, We Did All We Could" and the single "Your Forevers Don't Last Very Long". The following year she had only one Top 40 hit, but continued to release albums, which included 1968's "A Real Good Woman." In 1969, Shepard's LP, "Seven Lonely Days", produced the hit single of the same name that reached the top 20. With the release of 1969's "Then He Touched Me", Shepard had a top ten hit; followed by three hits in 1970, including the top 15 hit, "Another Lonely Night". Shepard had one more Top 40 hit with Capitol, 1971's "With His Hand in Mine", and shortly afterward her singles began to drop out of the Top 40. 
In the early 1970s, Shepard moved to United Artists Records. Her first single for the label in 1973, the Bill Anderson-penned “Slippin' Away,” was her biggest solo hit since the fifties. The single peaked at No. 4 on the "Billboard" country chart and also charted on the "Billboard" pop chart, peaking outside the Top 40. With the success of the single, an LP of the same name was released the same year and peaked at No. 15 on the Top Country Albums chart. Shepard's hits continued throughout the 1970s, though as the decade wore on she hit the Top 40 less frequently. She had three top 20 hits in 1974, beginning with the No. 13 smash "At the Time", and "I'll Do Anything it Takes (To Stay With You)". In 1975, Shepard recorded an album of songs written by Bill Anderson titled, "Poor Sweet Baby (And Ten More Bill Anderson Songs)". Both singles from the album were top 20 hits on the "Billboard" country chart between 1974 and 1975, and were also her last Top 40 singles.
She created controversy when she served as president of the Association of Country Entertainers, formed in response to Olivia Newton-John’s CMA Female Vocalist of the Year win in 1974. The organization was intended to keep country music "pure" and criticized the pop influences at the time. Shepard would come out in defense of "pure" country music again nearly forty years later, criticizing singer and TV personality Blake Shelton for a comment in which he referred to fans of traditional country as "old farts and jackasses": "We’ve got a young man in country music who has made some pretty dumb statements lately. What did he say? That traditional country music is for old farts and jack-you-know-whats? Well, I guess that makes me an old fart. I love country music. I won’t tell you what his name is…but his initials is BS…and he’s full of it!"
In 1975 and 1976, Shepard recorded two albums, "I'm a Believer" and "Mercy/Ain't Love Good", before leaving the label in 1976. In response, United Artists released a "Greatest Hits" compilation. Between 1977 and 1978, she recorded for the smaller GRT label, which produced minor hit singles on the "Billboard" country chart. She had her last charting record in 1978 under the label with "The Real Thing".
1980–present: Later years.
After departing GRT at the end of the 1970s, Shepard did not record again until 1981, when she released a final studio album under the label Laselight titled, "Dear John," which included remakes of her hits, including "A Dear John Letter" and "Slippin' Away", but also included a new song, "Too Many Rivers".
She continued to perform at the Grand Ole Opry and tour, particularly in the UK, where she had a strong fan base.
Her work has also been reissued by Bear Family Records. Although in her seventies, Shepard continues to regularly tour and perform. Her touring show, "The Jean Shepard Show," has toured the U.S. and she performs at the Grand Ole Opry regularly.
In 2005, Shepard celebrated 50 years as a member of the Opry and is the longest-living female member of the Opry to date. 
In 2011, Shepard was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame with fellow Oklahoma native Reba McEntire and songwriter Bobby Braddock.

</doc>
<doc id="5989808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989808" title="Cornelia Cinna minor">
Cornelia Cinna minor

Cornelia Cinnilla (c. 97 BC – 69 BC), daughter of Lucius Cornelius Cinna (one of the great leaders of the Marian party), and a sister to suffect consul Lucius Cornelius Cinna, was married to Gaius Julius Caesar, who would become one of Rome's dictators. Cinna's political party was called the Populares, and his union with Cornelia identified Caesar with this faction.
Caesar and Cornelia married in 84 BC.
When Lucius Cornelius Sulla commanded Caesar to divorce Cornelia, the young husband refused to do so and chose rather to be deprived of her fortune and to be proscribed himself. Cornelia bore him his daughter Julia Caesaris, in c. 76 BC.
Cornelia was the matron of Caesar's household in their home at the Subura in Rome for sixteen years. She died in 69 BC, during Caesar's quaestorship, and left him a daughter.
Caesar delivered an oration in praise of her from the Rostra.
In keeping with Roman naming conventions, Cornelia is known by the feminine form of her "gens" name.
References.
"This entry incorporates public domain text originally from:"

</doc>
<doc id="5989816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989816" title="Unidentified">
Unidentified

Unidentified is a 2006 science fiction Christian film produced by Rich Christiano and Alvin Mount. It was written and directed by Rich Christiano and stars Jonathan Aube, Josh Adamson, Michael Blain-Rozgay, Jenna Bailey, Lance Zitron, and the popular Christian pop rock musician Rebecca St. James, starring in her first film. The film deals with UFOs and how they could possibly play into the end times.
Synopsis.
In a small Texas town, a man, while driving home on a back highway at night, claims to have encountered a UFO. Two reporters from a national magazine are sent to investigate the incident because their editor wants to publish a story on the controversial subject of UFOs. Brad (Josh Adamson) thinks UFOs are a hoax, Keith (Jonathan Aube) senses that something is out there. Each man tries to prove the other wrong. 
Production and release.
In May 2005, Rich Christiano wrote, co-produced, and directed the film, his second feature length movie. Dave Christiano served as story consultant. It was released in theaters in April 2006 under Five & Two Pictures. It was rated PG for thematic elements.
Reception.
Reviews were negative. Joe Leyden of "Variety" wrote "It's not quite awful enough to qualify as camp, which may work against its finding any audience", and credited it with actors with "more sincerity than talent", but a script which "buries its one good idea".
Philip Martin of the "Arkansas Democrat-Gazette" wrote, "...the cinematic equivalent of a Jack Chick cartoon tract, a modestly artful form of proselytizing," but "one hopes the people who enjoy this sort of thing will find it."

</doc>
<doc id="5989818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989818" title="Václav Korunka">
Václav Korunka

Václav Korunka () (born December 25, 1965 in Jilemnice) is a former Czechoslovakian cross country skier who raced from 1988 to 1999. He earned a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary while his best individual Winter Olympics finish was a 13th in the 50 km event in 1992.
Korunka also won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1989 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. His best individual finish at the Nordic skiing World Championships was a 8th in the 15 km event in those same championships.
Korunka won three FIS races in his career as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5989819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989819" title="Decay-accelerating factor">
Decay-accelerating factor

Complement decay-accelerating factor, also known as CD55 or DAF, is a protein that, in humans, is encoded by the "CD55" gene.
Decay accelerating factor is a 70 kDa membrane protein that regulates the complement system on the cell surface. DAF recognizes C4b and C3b fragments that are created during C4 (classical complement pathway and lectin pathway) and C3 (alternate complement pathway) activation. Interaction of DAF with cell-associated C4b and
C3b proteins interferes with their ability to catalyze the conversion of C2 and factor B to active
C2a and Bb and thereby prevents the formation of C4b2a and C3bBb, the amplification convertases of the complement
cascade - thus blocking the formation of the membrane attack complex. 
This glycoprotein is broadly distributed among hematopoietic and non-hematopoietic cells. It is a determinant for the Cromer blood group system.
Pathology.
Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria.
Because DAF is a GPI-anchored protein, its expression is reduced in persons with mutations that reduce GPI levels such as those with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria; in that disorder, RBCs with very low levels of DAF and CD59 undergo complement-mediated hemolysis.
Infectious diseases.
DAF is used as a receptor by some coxsackieviruses and other enteroviruses. Recombinant soluble DAF-Fc has been tested in mice as an anti-enterovirus therapy for heart damage; however, the human enterovirus that was tested binds much more strongly to human DAF than to mouse or rat DAF. Echoviruses and coxsackie B viruses that use human decay-accelerating factor (DAF) as a receptor do not bind the rodent analogues of DAF. and DAF-Fc has yet to be tested in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="5989824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989824" title="Oakford, Pennsylvania">
Oakford, Pennsylvania

Oakford is a neighborhood within the boundaries of both Bensalem Township and Lower Southampton Township. It is located in the northwestern section of Bensalem Township and in the south central section of Lower Southampton Township. The zip code is 19053.

</doc>
<doc id="5989835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989835" title="Del Delker">
Del Delker

Del Delker is an American contralto sacred music female vocalist who has sung on the Voice of Prophecy radio ministry since 1947. 
Delker has recorded over forty albums for Chapel Records since the early 1950s. Among the songs she is best known for are "The Love of God", "Ten Thousand Angels", and "The Night Watch". In addition to her scores of recordings in English, she has also recorded several gospel albums in Spanish and Portuguese, as well as religious music for children. 
Delker has toured the world with Voice of Prophecy revivals and performed in many nations, often singing Christian hymns in the native languages. 
She was a good friend of composer Hugh Martin who at one point worked as her piano accompanist and later penned a new version of his Christmas classic "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" entitled "Have Yourself A Blessed Little Christmas" which Delker recorded in 1999. In 2002, she released her autobiography "Del Delker: Her Story" cowritten by Ken Wade and published by Pacific Press.

</doc>
<doc id="5989851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989851" title="Christian headcovering">
Christian headcovering

Christian headcovering is the veiling of the head by women in a variety of Christian traditions. Some cover only in public worship, while others believe they should cover their heads all the time. The Biblical basis for headcoverings is found in . Though head covering was practiced by most Christian women up until the 20th century, it is now a minority practice among contemporary Christians in the West.
History.
Old Testament.
, and are references in the Old Testament referring to a headcovering for women. Although there is no positive command for women to cover their heads in the Old Testament, there are non-canonical rabbinical writings on "tzniut", meaning "modesty" (Shulchan Aruch, Rabbi Jacob ben Asher's "Stone of Help" 115, 4; Orach Chayim 75,2; Even Ha'ezer 21, 2 4).
New Testament.
During the ensuing centuries, women have worn head coverings during the meetings of the church, that is, when "praying or prophesying" take place (). However, during the twentieth century, the practice of headcovering gradually disappeared from many churches, which dropped their requirement that women cover their heads during worship services. At different points in history, the style of the covering varied.
Catholicism.
The requirement that women cover their heads in church was introduced as a universal law for the Latin Rite of the Church for the first time in 1917 with canon 1262 of its first Code of Canon Law. It was not addressed in the 1983 revision of the Code, which declared the 1917 Code abrogated. According to the new Code, former law only has interpretive weight in norms that are repeated in the 1983 Code; all other norms are simply abrogated. There is no provision made for norms that are not repeated in the 1983 Code. Some have argued that it is still obligatory, advancing several grounds for their opinion, including the claim that headcovering for women is a centennial and immemorial custom (cf. canon 5 of the Code of Canon Law) It was never universally obligatory for members of the Eastern Catholic Churches.
In some countries where women no longer as a matter of course wear hats when going outdoors, Catholic women do wear headcoverings in church. Traditionalist Catholic women do. The forms range from a mantilla to a hat or a simple headscarf. If mantillas are worn, they are usually black (or any color but white) for married and white for unmarried women.
For men, the 1917 Code of Canon Law prescribed that they should uncover their heads unless approved customs of peoples were against it. In the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church it is obligatory for bishops to wear the zucchetto headcovering during certain parts of the liturgy, while use of the biretta, once obligatory for all diocesan clergy (as opposed to members of religious institutes), remains permitted for them. In all rites of the Catholic Church, bishops wear a mitre or a corresponding headcovering in church. Nevertheless, the mitre is removed in certain parts of the liturgy, and the zucchetto is also removed during the Eucharistic Prayer, which is always done uncovered, even for bishops, cardinals or the Pope.
Protestantism.
Among the Protestant reformers, Martin Luther encouraged wives to wear a veil in public worship and John Knox and John Calvin both called for women to wear headcoverings in public worship. Other commentators who have advocated headcovering during public worship include John Gill, Charles Spurgeon, Matthew Henry, A. R. Fausset, A. T. Robertson, Harry A. Ironside and Charles Caldwell Ryrie. In fact, until the 20th century no Reformed theologian taught against head coverings for women in public worship. While Anabaptists, Amish, and Mennonites advocate the wearing of headcoverings at all times, as a woman might pray or prophesy at any time, the Reformed teaching is that "praying and prophesying" refers to the activities taking place in public worship, as the Apostle Paul is dealing with public worship issues in 1st Corinthians, chapter 11. Their proof text is that women are in the same epistle commanded not to speak in the meetings of the church, so the apostle is obviously not addressing a practice women are to observe while they are publicly praying or preaching themselves. Anabaptists disagree and many women in their communities are so concerned with violating what they believe to be a command outside of public worship that they wear headcoverings to bed and in the shower, as they might offer a prayer then as well, and thus be in sin. Reason, however, would dictate that if Christian women were to wear head coverings at all times, then men, who in the same passage are commanded to uncover the head, would always be forbidden to wear hats or cover their heads. The Reformers understood the head covering mandate for women in public worship to be a sign of her submission to her husband, as the Scriptures declare "Christ is the head of man, man is the head of the woman". Anabaptists have argued, however, that a woman is obligated to rebel against her husband if he forbids her to wear the covering at all times, for it is better to obey God than to obey man. (1st Corinthians 11:3)
In Sweden the use of veil was common in older times, but faded away in the early 20th century and when women started going to church without a veil in the mid 1920s it caused little concern and within a decade most agreed that Swedish Christian women were not veiled, nor ever had been, nor should be.
Current practice.
Headcovering, at least during worship services, is still promoted or required in a few denominations and among the more traditional Catholics. Among these are Catholics who live a plain life and are known as Plain Catholics. Some Anabaptist denominations, including the Amish, Old Order Mennonite and Conservative Mennonites, the Old German Baptist Brethren, the Hutterites, and the Apostolic Christian Church; Christ's Forgiveness Ministries; some Pentecostal churches, such as the Church of Our Lord Jesus Christ of the Apostolic Faith, The Pentecostal Mission, the Deeper Christian Life Ministry, and the Christian Congregation in the United States, like Congregação Cristã no Brasil; the Laestadian Lutheran Church, the Plymouth Brethren; and the more conservative Scottish and Irish Presbyterian and Dutch Reformed churches. In those Protestant denominations which have no official expectation that women cover, some individuals choose to practice headcovering according to their understanding of 1 Corinthians 11.
Eastern Christianity.
Some Eastern Catholic, Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox Churches require women to cover their heads while in church; an example of this practice occurs in the Russian Orthodox Church. In Albania, Christian women often wear white veils, although their eyes are visible; moreover, in that nation, in Orthodox Christian church buildings, women are separated from men by latticework partitions during the church service.
In other cases, the choice may be individual, or vary within a country or jurisdiction. Among Orthodox women in Greece, the practice of wearing a head covering in church gradually declined over the course of the 20th century, and today is only practiced by very elderly women of a particular generation that is now over 80 years old. In the United States, the custom can vary depending on the denomination and congregation, and the origins of that congregation.
The male clergy of the Eastern Catholic and Orthodox Churches often have long hair and untrimmed beards if they are monastics, but married clergy often have standard haircuts. Eastern Orthodox clergy of all levels have head coverings, sometimes with veils in the case of monastics or celibates, that are donned and removed at certain points in the services. In US churches they are less commonly worn.
Bishops, archimandrites and archpriests wear mitres when wearing their liturgical vestments, which have their own rules concerning donning and doffing.
Orthodox nuns wear a head covering called an apostolnik, which is worn at all times, and is the only part of the monastic habit which distinguishes them from Orthodox monks.
Western Christianity.
In Continental Europe and North America at the start of the 20th century, women in most mainstream Christian denominations wore head coverings during church services. These included many Anglican Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian and Roman Catholic Churches. At worship, in parts of the Western World, many women started to wear bonnets in lieu of headcoverings, and later, hats became predominant. However, eventually, in the North America, this practiced started to decline, with some exceptions, such as among conservative Mennonites and Amish, for example. However, in nations in regions such as the Indian subcontinent, nearly all women wear head coverings during church services.
Restorationist Christianity.
Within the congregation, a female Jehovah's Witness may only lead prayer and teaching when no baptized male is available to, and must do so wearing a head covering. Female head covering is not required when evangelizing or when participating in congregation meetings or Bible study courses being led by another, or any aspect of Christian or family life.
Jehovah's Witnesses males are instructed to remove headcoverings when they represent even a small group in public prayer. A male Witness may or may not choose to remove his headcovering while praying privately or listening to another's public prayer, according to "the dictates of his personal conscience".
Reasons.
There are four main reasons that the Apostle Paul gives for head covering in .
1. Creation Order: The first reason for head covering is the order of authority found in a pre-fall creation. The roles of headship are listed in which states "“Christ is the head of every man, and the man is the head of a woman, and God is the head of Christ”". So a head covering, being a Christian symbol of submission to authority is forbidden to be worn by the man, who is the head. In contrast, the woman is commanded to wear it to symbolize her submission to male authority. Paul expands upon this creation order in where he says "“For a man ought not to have his head covered, since he is the image and glory of God; but the woman is the glory of man. For man does not originate from woman, but woman from man; for indeed man was not created for the woman’s sake, but woman for the man’s sake. Therefore the woman ought to have a symbol of authority on her head…”". Paul pointing back to Genesis as a reason for head covering is used as an argument against the view that head covering was merely a cultural custom.
2. Angels: The second reason for head covering is "because of the Angels". This comes from where Paul says "“Therefore the woman ought to have a symbol of authority on her head, because of the angels.”" We cannot know for certain what Paul meant by this verse since it is only given as a reason and not explained. Some popular interpretations of this passage are 1) An appeal to not offend the angels by our disobedience 2) a command to accurately show them a picture of the created order (, ) 3) a warning for us to obey as a means of accountability, since the angels are watching () 4) to be like the angels who cover themselves in the presence of God () 5) to not be like the fallen angels who did not stay in the role that God created for them ().
3. Nature: The third reason for head covering is what nature teaches us about gender distinctions (). Paul gave the example of how nature teaches us about our hair lengths. He said, "“Does not even nature itself teach you that if a man has long hair, it is a dishonor to him, but if a woman has long hair, it is a glory to her? For her hair is given to her for a covering”" (). What he is saying is there are distinct differences between men and women seen in the natural order (like our hair lengths). When a gender distinction is disregarded and crossed (like men having long hair and women having short hair) that dishonors a person. Since a head covering in this context is a feminine symbol of being under male authority, what nature teaches us is that it’s for women only and for a man to wear a covering would be dishonorable. This is exactly what Paul said in .
4. Church Practice: The final reason for head covering is an appeal to the standard practice of all churches. Paul said this in , "“But if one is inclined to be contentious, we have no other practice, nor have the churches of God.”" The churches of God were spread out geographically over thousands of miles over such places as modern day Israel, Turkey & Greece. All these churches had a mixture of Jews and Gentiles fellowshipping in them and are from different cultures. Despite this, they all practiced head coverings showing that this was a Christian symbol rather than one of culture.
Objections.
Some Christians interpret the passage as a cultural mandate that was only for the first-century Corinthian church. However it cannot be said there is any evidence that Paul was seeking to distinguish Christian women from temple prostitutes with short hair. There appears to be a lack of historical evidence showing that short hair was the distinguishing mark of a prostitute in Corinth during Roman times or that Roman Corinth was a center of temple prostitution, bearing in mind depictions of prostitutes in Roman wall paintings (29) and Strabo's comments in Geography 8.6.20c referring to temple prostitutes which applied only to Greek Corinth in existence several centuries before the time of Paul, not the Roman Corinth of Paul's day; 
Other Christians believe that long hair is intended to be the headcovering (see 1 Corinthians 11:14-15). Still others believe that a woman’s husband is her covering. Yet another view, propagated by feminist theologian Katharine Bushnell, holds that 1 Corinthians 11 itself even teaches that women should not cover their heads at all.

</doc>
<doc id="5989858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989858" title="Appear">
Appear

Appear Networks Systems AB is a Swedish provider of enterprise mobility solutions. The main product, Appear IQ, is a cloud based enterprise mobility platform (PaaS / MBaaS) which offers a mobile development platform and a hosted operational environment. The development SDK enables cross-platform and device agnostic app development. A back end integration SDK to enable apps to integrate with enterprise software is also included. Appear products are offered as cloud-based services (SaaS/PaaS) however can also be provided as a traditional on-site installation depending for larger customers. 
History.
Appear's founding is the result of joint research between three leading universities: Harvard Business School (HBS), M.I.T. MediaLab (MIT) and Royal Institute of Technology (KTH). 
In 2000, initial research was conducted on context-aware services and local wireless broadband networks -both at KTH and HBS, under the project name "Bluesolid". Meanwhile in Stockholm, a team of KTH engineers designed the first prototype of a mobile middleware platform. 
Then in 2001, Bluesolid officially became Appear Networks and corporate headquarters were established in Stockholm, Sweden. As of mid-2014, the company remains privately held.
Products.
Appear IQ 8 (AIQ8), available both as a turnkey solution and a hosted service, provides a scalable and holistic approach to enterprise mobility. Core modules include support for cross-platform application development using HTML5 and native application development. Appear IQ is an MADP that helps ISVs extend their enterprise software to mobile. It simplifies the traditional challenges associated with the lifecycle of enterprise-grade HTML5 hybrid apps: build, integration, deployment and analysis. Template applications exist for rail and air transportation as well as other field service verticals such as construction and logistics.
Appear IQ supports iPhones, iPads, Android based phones and tablets as well as Windows Mobile based devices.

</doc>
<doc id="5989862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989862" title="Applicant (sketch)">
Applicant (sketch)

Applicant is a dramatic sketch written by Harold Pinter. Originally written in 1959 and first published by Eyre Methuen in 1961, it was first broadcast on BBC Radio on the Third Programme "between February and March 1964," along with Pinter's other revue sketches, "That's Your Trouble", "That's All", "Interview", and "Dialogue for Three".
A revised and much-expanded version of "Applicant" is incorporated in the last scene of Act One of Pinter's play "The Hothouse", wherein the character still called Lamb is "tested" in ""a soundproof room"" by Miss Cutts, the successor of Miss Piffs, and her colleague Gibbs (58–78).
According to Pinter's official authorised biographer Michael Billington, the sketch (and the scene in "The Hothouse") was inspired by and reproduced details of "his own experience 'a guinea pig'" at the Maudsley Hospital in London" in 1954, in which he took part to earn "ten bob or something" and about which he told Billington: ""The Hothouse" was kicked off by that experience. I was well aware of being used for an experiment and feeling quite powerless" ("Harold Pinter" 102, 104).
Setting.
An "office" (Pinter, "Applicant" 231).
Synopsis.
Applying for a job, Lamb, who identifies himself in the dialogue as a "physicist" (231), is given a psychological test by Miss Piffs. She ""attaches"" "electrodes" and "earphones" to him and Lamb is subjected to a ""piercing high pitched buzz-hum"" (232). Before he has recovered, Miss Piffs bombards him with social, medical and sexual questions (232–34), in response to which he says ""in a high voice"", "Well, it depends what you mean really—" (234). At the climax of her interrogation she ""presses the other button and the piercing buzz-hum is heard again"" (234). Lamb ""collapses"", and ""Silence"" falls, as ""He lies face upwards"", as Miss Piffs ""looks at him"" and ends the sketch with "Thank you very much, Mr. Lamb. We'll let you know" (234).

</doc>
<doc id="5989863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989863" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1945">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1945

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1945 according to "The Billboard". Prior to the creation of the Hot 100, "Billboard" published multiple singles charts each week. In 1945, the following three charts were produced:
Shown is a list of songs that topped the Best-Selling Retail Records chart.
NOTE: In the 10 February and 17 November 1945 issues, there was a tie for the best-selling record for that week. 

</doc>
<doc id="5989864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989864" title="Domaine Fournier">
Domaine Fournier

Domaine Fournier is an estate in the Sancerre area of the Loire Valley in France. Their of vineyards are spread across the Sancerre appellation and they also have sites in Pouilly Fume and Menetou Salon. The Sancerre vineyards include sites in the villages of Verdigny, Bue and Maimbray.
The Estate is directed by the Claude Fournier, who is also the winemaker. His brother, Jacques, manages their vineyards and another brother, Daniel, is the owner/chef of the restaurant La Tour on the main square of Sancerre.

</doc>
<doc id="5989884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989884" title="Pavel Benc">
Pavel Benc

Pavel Benc () (born July 10, 1963) is a Czech cross country skier who raced from 1985 to 1997. He earned a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 kilometer event at the 1988 Winter Olympics. His best individual Winter Olympics finish was a 25th in the 30 kilometer event, during the 1994 Winter Olympics. Benc's best finish was 5th in the 50 kilometer event at the 1991 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. His best overall finish was second in a 15 kilometer event in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5989890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989890" title="Misericordia">
Misericordia

Misericordia is the Latin for "mercy", derived from "misericors", "merciful", which is in turn derived from "misereri", "to pity", and "cor", "heart". In Medieval Latin, the word "misericordia" denoted various merciful things, and these senses were borrowed into English (AHD).

</doc>
<doc id="5989893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989893" title="Lady Well">
Lady Well

The Lady Well is a holy well in Glasgow in Scotland.
When Christianity came to Britain, pagan holy and healing wells were aggressively rededicated to the Virgin Mary and other saints while remaining places of Old Religion practice. Also known as 'Our Lady's Well', Glasgow's Ladywell is an artesian spring noted on early city maps and can be reliably assumed to predate the city. It lay just outside the city wall and Drygate Port in medieval times and will have refreshed Romans travelling the old Carntyne Highway east-west between forts along the Antonine Wall. Today it is erroneously believed to have been sunk for use of commoners denied access to a nearby Priest's Well, and/or to have been capped in the early 19th century out of fears of pollution or plague. 
In fact, its wellhead was jointly rebuilt by the Merchants House and City Council in 1835-6 for enclosure in a new wall when the Fir Park behind it was turned into a gardened burial ground. The Ladywell was still in public use while most wells in Glasgow were closed, after fresh water piped from Loch Katrine transformed the city's health and sanitation in the 1860s. An old article says the Ladywell was the last public well to be closed but gives no date. The classical wellhead installed by the 1836 restoration bears no resemblance to the original - an open round one - and remains there today. The current lintel stone (its second) notes the 1836 rebuild and another by the Merchant's House in 1874. A plaque commemorates its most recent refurbishment by Tennent Caledonian Breweries in 1983. The Ladywell remains capped.

</doc>
<doc id="5989904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989904" title="Earcon">
Earcon

An earcon is a brief, distinctive sound used to represent a specific event or convey other information. Earcons are a common feature of computer operating systems and applications, ranging from beeping when an error occurs to the customizable sound schemes of Windows 7 that indicate startup, shutdown, and many other events. 
The name is a pun on the more familiar term icon in computer interfaces. Icon sounds like "eye-con" and are visual, which inspired D.A. Sumikawa to coin "earcon" as the auditory equivalent in a 1985 article, 'Guidelines for the integration of audio cues into computer user interfaces.'
Although the term is most commonly applied to sound cues in a computer interface, examples of the concept can be seen in broadcast media such as radio and television:
Earcons are generally synthesized tones or sound patterns. The similar term auditory icon refers to recorded everyday sounds that are used for the same purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="5989914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989914" title="National Liberal Youth (Romania)">
National Liberal Youth (Romania)

The National Liberal Youth (, TNL) is the youth organisation of the National Liberal Party (PNL) of Romania. It is a nationwide body, as part of the PNL local, county and national organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="5989924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989924" title="George Grant (author)">
George Grant (author)

George Grant (born in Houston, Texas in 1954) is an evangelical writer and a Presbyterian Church in America (PCA) pastor. 
He was a church planter and pastor in Texas for ten years. He then served as an assistant to D. James Kennedy at the Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church and taught at Knox Theological Seminary. Following his move to Tennessee in 1991, Grant founded the King’s Meadow Study Center and Franklin Classical School in Franklin. He is the author of more than 60 books and hundreds of articles. He is currently involved in church planting in Middle Tennessee and serves as the pastor of Parish Presbyterian Church in Franklin, Tennessee.
Family.
Grant lives near Franklin with his wife and co-author Karen. They have three grown children and three grandchildren.
Education.
Grant has degrees from the University of Houston, Whitefield Theological Seminary, Belhaven College and Knox Theological Seminary.
Beliefs.
Grant holds to the standards of the Westminster Confession and looks to Francis Schaeffer (1912–1984), founder of L'Abri in Switzerland, and Thomas Chalmers (1780–1847), founder of New College Edinburgh, as his chief spiritual and intellectual influences. He has also been profoundly influenced by Martin Bucer (1491–1551), Jan Amos Comenius (1592–1670), Charles Haddon Spurgeon (1834–1892), Abraham Kuyper (1837–1920), G.K. Chesterton (1874–1936), J.R.R. Tolkien (1892–1973), and C.S. Lewis (1898–1963). In recent years, he has closely associated himself and his writing with the Ligonier Ministries of R.C. Sproul (b. 1939).

</doc>
<doc id="5989948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989948" title="Ladislav Švanda">
Ladislav Švanda

Ladislav Švanda (born February 14, 1959) is a former Czech cross country skier who raced from 1982 to 1990. He earned a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary while his best individual Winter Olympics finish was a 15th in the 50 km event at those same games.
Švanda also won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1989 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. His best individual finish at the Nordic skiing World Championships was a 9th in the 50 km event in 1987.
Švanda's best career World Cup finish was seventh twice (1985, 1986).

</doc>
<doc id="5989950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989950" title="Toby Nixon">
Toby Nixon

Toby Nixon is an American politician from Washington state and a former Republican member of the Washington House of Representatives from the 45th Legislative District.
He was appointed to a vacant House seat in 2002, and was elected as an incumbent in 2004. He served on the House Committee for State Government Operations and Accountability as a ranking member, and is known for his advocacy on behalf of open government. He also served on the Technology, Energy and Communications Committee and the Transportation Committee.
In the spring of 2006, Nixon announced that he would not be a candidate for re-election but instead that he would be running for the State Senate seat being vacated by retiring Senator Bill Finkbeiner. In November 2006, Nixon lost the race to Eric Oemig. 
In November 2009, Nixon was elected with 65% of the vote to serve on the King County Fire Protection District No. 41.
Nixon lives in Kirkland, Washington with his wife Irene and children.

</doc>
<doc id="5989955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989955" title="Belvidere School District">
Belvidere School District

The Belvidere School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Belvidere in Warren County, New Jersey, United States. 
Students from Harmony Township, Hope Township, and White Township attend Belvidere High School as part of sending/receiving relationships.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the district's three schools had an enrollment of 525 students and 75.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 6.94:1.
The district participates in the Interdistrict Public School Choice Program, having been approved on July 14, 2000, to participate in the program. Seats in the program for non-resident students are specified by the district and are allocated by lottery, with tuition paid for participating students by the New Jersey Department of Education.
The district has a nine-member Board of Education, with one additional member from each of the three sending districts.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "DE", the fifth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2010-11 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Senior members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5989958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989958" title="Romantic guitar">
Romantic guitar

The early romantic guitar is the guitar of the Classical and Romantic period of music, showing remarkable consistency in the instrument from 1790 to 1830. By this time guitars used single strings of six or more (compared to, for example, the Baroque guitar with nine or ten strings paired to make five courses). The romantic guitar eventually led to a different type of guitar in Spain: the fan-braced Spanish guitars of Torres, which may be seen as the immediate precursor of the modern classical guitar.
History.
The first unaltered guitar strung with single strings rather than pairs of strings was a guitar built by Ferdinando Gagliano in 1774, in Naples. This guitar, displayed in the Heyer museum in Cologne before it was dispersed, showed some main differences between the baroque guitar and what would later become the classical guitar. For example, it had 5 single strings, inlaid brass frets on the neck, a long neck (11 frets where the fretboard met the body) relative to string length, a pegged, terminal bridge, and a characteristic figure-8 shaped tuning head. This “missing link” lacks only a sixth string before resembling the distinctive early romantic guitar.
The earliest extant six string guitar was built in 1779 by Gaetano Vinaccia (1759 – after 1831) in Naples, Italy. The Vinaccia family of luthiers is known for developing the mandolin. This guitar has been examined and does not show tell-tale signs of modifications from a double-course guitar. Authenticity of guitars before the 1790s is often in question. This also corresponds to when Moretti's 6-string method appeared, in 1792.
France also began to produce six string, single-stringed guitars around the same time, and some years later Spain began as well. The Italian, French, and Spanish six-string guitars all differed from the baroque guitar in more or less the same ways. Other than the differences pointed out in the first single-string guitar above, the guitar gradually had more pronounced curves and a larger body, ornamentation was somewhat restrained and was placed mostly around the edges of the body and sound hole. The decorative rose covering the sound hole was also removed to allow more volume. Frets of the instrument were changed from tied gut to fixed strips of harder material (first ebony or ivory, then metal). And the wooden pegs were later on replaced by metal tuning machines.
Technique.
The abundance of instructional books in this period reveals that there was no standard way to play the instrument. They mainly used earlier traditions; for example the right hand was supported on a table, even though the Spanish guitarist Nicario Juaralde warned against resting the little finger on the table for more right hand freedom. Mainly the thumb and first two fingers were used for plucking and in the 19th century free stroke (tirando – letting the fingertips rise after the note is played) was typically used. Because of the narrow fretboard, the left-hand thumb was used by some guitarists to play notes on the sixth string; however Sor mentions this negatively in his method – Sor suggests that the left-hand thumb should rather be centered at the neck (and notes that neither bass-string fingering choices, nor holding/supporting of the guitar require the ""high"" thumb positioning). Romantic guitars were often held by a strap around the player’s neck, and Dionysio Aguado invented a “tripodion” for holding the instrument. Unlike most classical guitarists today, players were divided as to whether or not use fingernails. Fernando Sor, for example, did not, while his compatriot, Aguado, did use them. Aguado was also the first guitarist to advocate a relaxed relationship between the player and the instrument. His method encourages the player leaning back in his chair, with two feet solidly on the ground rather than using a footstool, and the edge of the chair is used to keep the guitar from sliding down to the right, projecting the neck upward and closer to the player’s torso rather than way out to the left.
Composers.
Composer-guitarists.

</doc>
<doc id="5989973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989973" title="Domaine du Vieux Lazaret">
Domaine du Vieux Lazaret

Domaine du Vieux Lazaret is a vineyard spanning over in the Rhône Valley in southern France. It was originally the site of a Lazarist hospice in the eighteenth century.
History.
The origin of the name "Vieux Lazaret" dates back to the 18th century, when a hospice (or "Lazaret") existed in the village of Châteauneuf-du-Pape. This hospice, provided by the Lazarists, offered comfort and shelter for the poor and infirm. The Lazarists were a silent order of monks, which were founded in 1625 by St Vincent de Paul to look after the sick and the needy in the French countryside. 
The buildings eventually fell into disuse, and were sold by the commune during the 19th century to the Quiot family. Afterwards, the Quiot family used the structures as agricultural buildings.
Modernization.
While originally situated in the village of Châteauneuf-du-Pape in close proximity to other properties owned by the Quiot family, these original buildings have today been extended and modernized, and now form the main center of the agricultural activities of Vignobles Jérôme Quiot.
Vineyard.
The Domaine du Vieux Lazaret is the largest estate in Châteauneuf-du-Pape, and covers over in 35 different parcels for the production of Châteauneuf-du-Pape AOC. Due to its size, the vineyard covers a complex variety of soil types. Modern winemaking techniques, along with rigorous selection, are employed in this area to produce wine. The Quiot family has owned vineyards in this region for over 200 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5989999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989999" title="Liberal Student Clubs (Romania)">
Liberal Student Clubs (Romania)

The Liberal Student Clubs (, CSL) are the student organisations of the National Liberal Party of Romania. They have representation at the national level, National Coordinating Office, president Radu Surugiu, CSL organisations are found in all university cities ("centre universitare") like Timişoara, Iaşi, Cluj-Napoca, and Bucharest.

</doc>
<doc id="5990000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990000" title="Danilov">
Danilov

Danilov (), or Danilova (feminine; Дани́лова) is a common Russian last name (translating to 'son of Daniel'). Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5990002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990002" title="Community Media Association">
Community Media Association

The Community Media Association (CMA) is the UK membership association for community broadcasting. Founded in 1983 as the Community Radio Association, the name of the organisation was changed in 1997 to the Community Media Association (CMA) to reflect the growing convergence of digital communications. The CMA is a non-profit making organisation, supporting Community Radio and Television and community-based Internet projects. Its mission is to enable people to establish and develop communications media for cultural and creative expression, community development and entertainment.
The CMA defines community media projects as, "a third tier of not-for profit broadcasters, owned and run by local people, mostly volunteers, which enable communities throughout the UK to use media to create new opportunities for regeneration, employment, learning, social cohesion and inclusion as well as cultural and creative expression."
The CMA represents community media to Government, industry and regulatory bodies such as Ofcom. Membership currently exceeds 600, bringing together established organisations, aspirant groups and individuals within the sector. The CMA provides a range of advice, information and consultancy, offering support to anyone with an interest in community-based broadcasting.
Much of the CMA’s work has a strategic emphasis and in 2004 the organisation was heavily involved in liaison with Government regarding actual and proposed legislation on Community Radio, Public Service Broadcasting, BBC Charter Review, Local and Community Television, the Broadcasting Code, Media Literacy, Digital Switchover, the Community Radio Fund and Spectrum allocation.
The CMA's head office is located in Sheffield and the CMA is affiliated to the World Association of Community Radio Broadcasters.

</doc>
<doc id="5990011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990011" title="Nathan King (singer-songwriter)">
Nathan King (singer-songwriter)

Nathan King is a pop/rock singer-songwriter from Christchurch, New Zealand.
History.
King's musical career began with his band Zed who released two multi-platinum albums 
".Silencer" (2000) and "This Little Empire" (2003). Zed toured in New Zealand, Australia and Europe playing shows supporting bands like Robbie Williams, Coldplay, The Calling and Ash.
In 2001 he was nominated as best songwriter and won the Award as best male vocalist at the New Zealand Music Awards. 
In 2005 King began a solo career after Zed decided to take an extended break. His first solo album, "The Crowd", produced by Brady Blade and Greg Haver, was finally released in September 2008. It debuted at #22 on the RIANZ New Zealand Album Chart before reaching a peak at #14.
In 2009 he took part at the "Classic Hits Church Tour", alongside, among others, Greg Johnson and Boh Runga. 
In 2011 he formed a new group, named "Paper Plane", with his 3 touring band mates. Their first single, "Enemies", was released in September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5990016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990016" title="InCablenet">
InCablenet

InCablenet is one of the largest cable broadcasting companies in India. It provides cable television, internet, and telecommunications services for major cities such as Mumbai, Ahmedabad and Delhi. InCablenet is part of the media division in Hinduja Group called IndusInd Media & Communications Ltd. (IMCL). The Holding Company for IMCL is called Hinduja Ventures, previously known as HTMT. The company's office is in MIDC, Andheri which is a locality in Mumbai, India.
Group Companies.
The InCablenet offices in MIDC Andheri in Mumbai also house the offices of Shop 24 seven, a teleshopping channel with a pan-Indian presence. The channel is a joint venture between the Hinduja Group and Planet-e-Shop, a US-based teleshopping channel owned by Ludwell Denny. The channel is loosely based on Planet-e-Shop. For the purposes of this venture, the subsidiary company Hinduja Ventures or HTMT, as it was then known, was involved. The MIDC office also houses an arm of Hinduja Ventures that provides funding for Hindi mainstream cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="5990023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990023" title="Kaew Nawarat">
Kaew Nawarat

Major General Prince Kaew Nawarat (; ; Birth name: Kaew na Chiangmai) was the 36th and last King of Lanna and Prince Ruler of Chiang Mai, reigning from 1910 to 1939 (Thai calendar 2454-2482). He succeeded Intavaroros Suriyavongse (1897–1910). His seat was within Lanna's capital Chiang Mai, but he never held any true administrative power. With him ended the reign of the Seven Princes Dynasty.
Early life.
Naovarat was born September 29, 1862, at the royal residence of Chiang Mai (คุ้มหลวงนครเชียงใหม่) as the 6th son of Phra Choa Intavichyanon, 7th ruling prince of Chiang Mai and Mae Choa Kew.
In 1877, when he was 15 years old and his father still ruled Chiang Mai, Naovarat was appointed as Vice minister of treasury. That same year, he brought 300 Chiang Mai and Lamphun families to Chiang San. In 1882, he became the Minister of treasury, responsible for bringing the royal tribute to King Rama V in Bangkok in 1886. He became the Minister of interior in 1899.
Marriage and family.
When he was 22 years old, he married Mae Choa Jammary, daughter of Choa Rajapakinai Panfar. After that he married Choaying Fai, Mom Buakew, and Mom Sae. He had 4 sons and 2 daughters with his wives; with Mae Choa Jammary:
And with Mom Kew:
Reign.
In 1909, Naovarat became acting ruling Prince of Chiang Mai. Following his brother's death in 1911, he officially took the throne. His duties included commanding Northern soldiers to quash rebels, building roads in Chiang Mai and another province, and being special guard of the King as Major General of Royal Thai Army.
In 1914, Chao Dara Rasmi, the Princess consort of Chulalongkorn, who had a great part within the merger of Lanna with the Kingdom of Thailand, returned to Chiang Mai. The king gave her a residence at the Chedi Ngarm Palane Sala. In 1923 he built the current South Building as a wedding gift to his daughter Chao Siriprakai Na Chiengmai. Within this building, King Rama VII and Queen Rambhai Barni stayed during 1926 on a royal visi to Chiang Mai.
In 1933 Princess Phra Raja Jaya Chao Dara Rasmi died and the king oversaw her coffin being put to lay in state at the Chedi Ngarm Palace (remained in state from December 9, 1933 to April 23, 1934).
In 1934 he built the building of the current U.S. Consulate General at Chiang Mai, which replaced the old teak house.
In 1938, the king's daughter, the princess Chao Siriprakai Na Chiengmai died.
Naovarat became sick in early 1938, but he went to Bangkok when King Ananda Mahidol came back to Bangkok. He became sick again in March 1938. Upon his death in 1939, the royalty was abolished and the throne of the Lanna Kings, who had reigned over a Kingdom that was founded in the same period as Sukhothai and which existed for several centuries more, was replaced with a governors seat, a seat which was appointed from Bangkok.
His coffin lay in state at the "Chedi Ngarm Royal Villa" from June 3 to July 23, 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="5990029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990029" title="Paul Foley">
Paul Foley

Paul Foley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5990036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990036" title="Siti Cable">
Siti Cable

SITI Cable (formerly known as Wire and Wireless (India) Limited (WWIL)) is one of India's largest Multi System Operator (MSO). India, which provides digital cable television services in major cities such as Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Banglore, Hyderabad, Indore, Patna etc. The company's Head office is located in Noida.
SITI Cable deploys State-of-the-art technology for delivering multiple TV signals to enhance consumer viewing experience. Its product range includes, Analogue Cable Television, Digital Cable Television, Broadband and Local Television Channels.
History.
WWIL was formed as a part of the de-merger of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited – ZEEL, formerly known as Zee Telefilms Limited (ZTL) – the publicly listed flagship company of Zee Group. As per the Scheme of Arrangement approved by the High Court in Mumbai, all the cable TV distribution business within ZEEL and Siti Cable Networks Limited (Siti Cable) was transferred to WWIL as of 31 March 2006. Siti Cable was a 100% subsidiary of Zee Telefilms Limited. The cable operations of Siti Cable were launched in June 1994. SITI Cable was known as Wire and Wireless (India) Limited till 5 September 2012 wherein after it is renamed as SITI Cable Network Limited

</doc>
<doc id="5990044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990044" title="Peter Newman (actor)">
Peter Newman (actor)

Peter Newman (Born October 2, 1942) is famous for his voice work for Rankin/Bass.
Career.
In "ThunderCats" he provided the voices of Tygra, Wilykat, Bengali, and Monkian. In "SilverHawks" he provided the voices of Quicksilver, Mumbo Jumbo, and Timestopper. He also played the evil Duke of Zill & Wack Lizardi in "". In 1987, Newman also provided the voice of the camp director of Camp Mimi-Mon for the Rankin/Bass show "Mini Monsters".

</doc>
<doc id="5990058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990058" title="Liberal Women Organisation (Romania)">
Liberal Women Organisation (Romania)

Organizaţia Naţională a Femeilor Liberale (National Organisation of Liberal Women in Romanian) is the women's wing of the National Liberal Party of Romania (PNL). It represents the women of the PNL local, county and national organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="5990063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990063" title="USS Limestone (IX-158)">
USS Limestone (IX-158)

USS "Limestone" (IX-158), a designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for limestone, a rock consisting chiefly of calcium carbonate, which yields lime when burned.
The ship was laid down 5 January 1944 by Barrett & Hilp, Belair Shipyard, in San Francisco, under a Maritime Commission contract (MC Hull 1338), and named on 7 February 1944. Launched on 25 March 1944, sponsored by Mrs. Leo Heagerty, she was renamed and redesignated "Limestone" (IX-158) on 23 May 1944, acquired by the Navy on 14 October 1944, and placed in service the same day.
Service history.
"Limestone" was towed to Subic Bay, Philippine Islands, for use as a United States Army and United States Marine Corps stores barge. "Limestone" served near the advance bases in the Pacific until she returned to the United States in 1946. She was placed out of service 12 December 1946 at Seattle, Washington, and was sold to Foss Launch and Tug Company on 11 September 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="5990070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990070" title="Mistress Quickly">
Mistress Quickly

Mistress Quickly is a fictional character who appears in several plays William Shakespeare. She is an inn-keeper, who runs the Boar's Head Tavern, at which Sir John Falstaff and his disreputable cronies congregate. 
The character appears in four plays: "Henry IV, Part 1", "Henry IV, Part 2", "Henry V" and "The Merry Wives of Windsor".
Character and role.
In all the plays Quickly is characterised as a woman with strong links to the criminal underworld, but who is nevertheless preoccupied with her own respectable reputation. Her speech is filled with malapropisms, double entendres and "bawdy innuendo".
Role in the plays.
In "Henry IV, Part 1", Mistress Quickly is described as the proprietor of the Boar's Head Tavern in the London neighborhood of Eastcheap. She is married, as Prince Hal asks after her husband, referring to him as "an honest man"; he does not appear in the play. 
In "Henry IV, Part 2", she asks the authorities to arrest Falstaff, accusing him of running up excessive debts and making a fraudulent proposal of marriage to her (implying that she is now a widow). Mistress Quickly has a friendship of long standing with Doll Tearsheet, a prostitute who frequents the tavern, and protects her against aggressive men she calls "swaggerers". At the end of that play, Mistress Quickly and Doll Tearsheet are arrested in connection with the beating to death of a man. 
In "The Merry Wives of Windsor" she works as nurse to Caius, a French physician, but primarily acts as a messenger between other characters, communicating love notes in a plot largely concerned with misdirected letters.
In "Henry V", she is referred to as Nell Quickly. She is with Falstaff at his deathbed, and describes his death to his friends. She marries Falstaff's ensign, Ancient Pistol, despite have previously been engaged to Corporal Nym. While Pistol is away in France, he receives a letter from which he learns that "my Doll is dead", having succumbed to the "malady of France" (syphilis), though it is unclear whether this refers to Doll Tearsheet or Quickly.
"Master Quickly".
Alan Skinner's novel "Master Quickly" attempts to fill in the gaps in Shakespeare by revealing the truth about her neglected husband.

</doc>
<doc id="5990073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990073" title="Sara Haden">
Sara Haden

Sara Haden (November 17, 1899 - September 15, 1981) was a character actress in Hollywood films of the 1930s through the 1950s.
Early life.
She was born Sarah Haden on November 17, 1899 (some sources say 1897) in Galveston, Texas. Haden was the daughter of another character actress, Charlotte Walker, one of the great stage beauties at the turn of the century, who was later active in silent films and early talkies. An attractive woman, Haden however lacked the beauty of her mother, as she early on had the appeal of a lonely school marm and thus was always cast in character roles. 
Career.
Haden first appeared on the stage in the early 1920s.
She made her film debut in 1934 (one year after her mother's retirement) in the Katharine Hepburn vehicle "Spitfire". Haden later became a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract player in the late 1930s and had smallish roles in many of the studio's films, most notably in the Andy Hardy series starring Mickey Rooney, cast as the spinsterish Aunt Milly Forrest. 
Haden made her last film in 1958 but was active on television up until a 1965 guest spot on "Dr. Kildare". She was most notable for her stern, humorless characterisations such as a truant officer in Shirley Temple's "Captain January" (1936), but she also played the much-loved teacher Miss Pipps who is unjustly fired in the Our Gang comedy "Come Back, Miss Pipps" (1941). 
Her other films include "Poor Little Rich Girl" (1936), "The Shop Around the Corner" (1940), "Woman of the Year" (1942), and "The Bishop's Wife" (1947). Her television appearances include episodes of "Climax!", "Bourbon Street Beat", and "Bonanza". She also had a guest appearance on "Perry Mason" as Florence Harvey in the 1959 episode, "The Case of the Romantic Rogue."
Personal life and death.
She was married to film actor Richard Abbott from 1921 to 1948. There may have been children. Haden died on September 15, 1981 in Woodland Hills, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5990081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990081" title="Avcon">
Avcon

Avcon is a company that manufactures charging interfaces for battery electric vehicles (EV). The lettering convention is Avcon for the company and AVCON (capitals) for the EV charging head.
The AVCON conductive interface was used by the Ford Ranger EV truck and the Honda EV Plus. The AVCON conductive EV charging system consists of a rectangular charging head (the male handle) which plugs into an AVCON inlet (the female receptacle) mounted on the vehicle.
It is compatible with the November 2001 version of the SAE J1772
"SAE Electric Vehicle Conductive Charge Coupler" recommended practice for surface vehicles.
The American and Japanese plug-in vehicles that came to market in 2011 such as the Chevrolet Volt and Nissan Leaf use a round connector based on the 2009 revised SAE J1772 specification for level 2 charging.
Conductive versus inductive charging systems - the historical battle.
The AVCON conductive interface was the primary competitor to the Magne Charge inductive charging paddle used by the General Motors' Saturn EV1 and Chevy S10 EV, plus the 2002 Toyota RAV4 EV. Ford and Honda chose AVCON as a more cost effective EV charging solution to transfer the same 6KW AC power to the EV's on-board charging system (208 to 240 VAC, 40 amp circuit into the charging head).
Many public EV charging installations funded by the California Air Resources Board (CARB - money came from DMV fees) had to have both an inductive and a conductive AVCON charging head. This meant twice as much money was spent because the simple, cost-effective AVCON was not adopted by all Automakers. These public EV charging installations did not use Avcon model charging heads; they used the more expensive EVII ICS-200 model AVCON charging heads.
Automakers abandoned their promise to CARB to produce production EVs for public purchase by using a CARB mandate loophole (selling slow neighborhood EVs or carts to obtain their CARB credits) and very few production EVs were actually sold to the public (either inductive or conductive).
Success of the conductive system.
CARB now endorses SAE J1772 (SAE J1772-2009), the evolutionary conductive charging successor to the AVCON based on the SAE J1772-2001 standard. Previously in 2002, AVCON was ultimately endorsed by the California Air Resources Board (CARB) over Magne Charge, which caused GM to retire inductive paddle technology.
Since conductive EV charging AVCONs can be used by all EVs by using an AVCON adapter box that provides a 240V NEMA 14-50 outlet, and inductive EV charging cannot, some RAV4 EV drivers have taken to bringing their SPI TAL inductive charger with them. This allows RAV4 EVs with an inductive charging system to recharge from public, conductive, AVCON EV charging heads. This practice will fade away since virtually all 2011 and later production Electric Vehicles are equipped with a SAE J1772 charge port. Drivers of the few 2011 and later or conversion vehicles are either using SAE J1772 adapters that connect to their chargers or are putting SAE J1772 charge ports in their vehicles.
Charging stations.
With no current production EVs available using the AVCON standard, EV charging station hosts (the companies giving the free electric power: Costco, shopping malls, etc.) withdrew their support for the cost of repairs of their public AVCON EV charging stations. The Electric Auto Association (501.3c nonprofit) members have stepped up by having EV charging funds the public can donate to so these EV charging stations can be repaired after vandals damage them. This keeps the EVs on the road by extending their range for very little electricity cost to the host.
AVCON stations are being converted to SAE J1772 (SAE J1772-2009) or phased out starting in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5990088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990088" title="Aglianese Calcio 1923">
Aglianese Calcio 1923

Aglianese Calcio 1923 is an Italian association football club located in Agliana, Tuscany. It currently plays in the Eccellenza after being relegated from Serie D following a playoff loss to Fortis Juventus. Its colors are green and black.

</doc>
<doc id="5990092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990092" title="Dolní Čermná">
Dolní Čermná

Dolní Čermná "(Ger. Niedertscherma)" is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 1,350 inhabitants.
Village Jakubovice is administrative part of Dolní Čermná. Village Horní Čermná lies next to Dolní Čermná ("dolní" means "the lower", "horní" means "the upper").

</doc>
<doc id="5990093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990093" title="Ain al-Yaqeen">
Ain al-Yaqeen

Ain al Yaqeen ("Heart of the Matter" in English) is an Arabic news magazine published weekly, focusing on political topics. 
Profile.
"Ain al Yaqeen" has also an English edition. It is published online. The magazine is seen as a government publication or as a semi-official weekly political magazine.
Contents.
After it was revealed that a member of the royal family had indirectly funded one of the hijackers in the September 11 attacks, Prince Nayef in an article published in the English edition of the weekly on 29 November 2002 claimed that the Jews were behind the attacks.
See also.
List of magazines in Saudi Arabia

</doc>
<doc id="5990097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990097" title="Westlink (road)">
Westlink (road)

The Westlink road in Belfast, Northern Ireland is a dual carriageway throughpass, designated the A12, connecting the M1 to the M2 and M3 motorways which run south, north and east of the city, respectively. The road forms part of European route E01.
History.
Originally planned in 1964 as the Belfast Urban Motorway, the route was to have been fully grade-separated and would have completely encircled the city centre. Due to lack of money and public opposition only the western portion was completed and this was originally not fully grade-separated.
The entire road was built to dual two-lane standard. The southbound section from Grosvenor Road to Broadway was widened to three lanes in 2002. Major upgrade work completed in 2009 extended the third lane to the newly completed Broadway underpass, where the road now seamlessly merges into the M1 Motorway.
The underpass opened on Friday 4 July 2008. This earned it the nickname 'The Wetlink'.
The Westlink was built in two phases. Phase 1, connecting the M1 at Broadway to Grosvenor Road opened in February 1981. Both of these junctions were built as at-grade roundabouts, with a traffic-light junction serving Roden Street and Mulhouse Road half way between. Phase 2, extending the scheme from Grosvenor Road to York Street, was completed in March 1983. This section has two grade-separated junctions at Divis Street and Clifton Street and passes under Peter's Hill. The York Street terminus is at-grade and links to the M2 and, since its opening in January 1995, to the M3.
Criticism / Future Plans.
A necessary innovation, the Westlink has nonetheless garnered much negative publicity over the years, owing to rush-hour traffic bottlenecks at its major intersections. The major renovation work from 2006-2009 has seen the full grade-separation of the Broadway and Grosvenor Road junctions via underpasses and a third traffic lane is being added in both directions between Broadway and Divis Street. Left-in/left-out sliproads provided at Mulhouse Road (for access to the Royal Victoria Hospital), the closure of access to Roden Street and the provision of a segregated busway from Broadway into the Europa Bus Centre were also completed. 
Detractors of this scheme point out that it will merely cause additional bottlenecks at the entry/exit point at York Street, where scheduled redevelopment is not expected to be completed until 2018. Construction is set to begin in 2013 on a complex system of underpases and flyovers linking the Westlink to the M2 and M3.

</doc>
<doc id="5990109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990109" title="Jean-Baptiste-Éric Dorion">
Jean-Baptiste-Éric Dorion

Jean-Baptiste-Éric Dorion (September 17, 1826 – November 1, 1866) was a journalist and political figure in Canada East.
He was born in Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pérade, Lower Canada in 1826, the son of Pierre-Antoine Dorion. In 1842, he found work as a clerk in a store at Trois-Rivières. He was editor and publisher of a small newspaper there, "Gros Jean l'Escogriffe". He moved to Montreal in 1844 and helped found the Institut canadien de Montréal. In 1847, he helped launch "L'Avenir" with George Batchelor. In the same year, he also helped found the Société Mercantile d’Économie, an association for store clerks, and served as secretary. He supported annexation to the United States. In 1852, "L'Avenir" ceased publication. Shortly afterward, Dorion moved to Durham (later L'Avenir). In 1854, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Drummond and Athabaska. He opposed the bill to abolish seigneurial tenure because he felt it was unfair to settlers. He was defeated in the 1857 election, but reelected in 1861 and 1863. In 1862, he founded another newspaper, "Le Défricheur". He opposed Confederation, because he thought that the provinces would be dominated by the federal government.
He died in L'Avenir in 1866 after suffering a heart attack.
His older brother Antoine-Aimé was a lawyer, member of the Legislative Assembly, co-premier for the Province of Canada and member of the Canadian House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5990123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990123" title="D.I.G.">
D.I.G.

D.I.G. may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5990134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990134" title="Paul Foley (executive)">
Paul Foley (executive)

Paul Foley (12 March 1914 – October 1983) was an American business executive. He was President & CEO, Interpublic Group of Companies (IPG) and is inducted into the AAF Advertising Hall of Fame.
Foley was a creative director at McManus, John & Adams, then president of McCann-Erickson before his role at IPG.
Campaigns in which he was involved included Pontiac, Buick, Coca-Cola, Exxon, Nabisco, Del Monte, Nestle.

</doc>
<doc id="5990135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990135" title="Howard Mechanic">
Howard Mechanic

Howard Lawrence Mechanic was an undergraduate student at Washington University in St. Louis who went into hiding for 28 years after being accused of throwing a cherry bomb at the university's ROTC building during a Vietnam War protest in May 1970.
Mechanic denied throwing the firecracker. No one was injured, but Mechanic was charged under the Civil Obedience Act of 1968 and sentenced to five years in prison. During his appeals, he fled and subsequently lived under the assumed name of "Gary Robert Tredway" in Scottsdale, Arizona.
His identity as Howard Mechanic became known when he decided to run for office on the Scottsdale City Council in 2000. He was discovered following an interview with reporter Penny Overton of the "Scottsdale Tribune", who became suspicious after running a background check. Mechanic tried to dissuade Overton from publishing the story by falsely claiming that he had leukemia, but the newspaper published the story anyway. Mechanic turned himself in on February 10, 2000, and was immediately sent to prison to serve out his term. New charges were also filed against him of faking his identity and using a false name to acquire public documents including a driver's license and a passport.
Mechanic received a pardon from President Bill Clinton in January 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5990138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990138" title="Horní Čermná">
Horní Čermná

Horní Čermná () is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 1,000 inhabitants.
Village Nepomuky is administrative part of Horní Čermná. Village Dolní Čermná lies next to Horní Čermná ("dolní" means "the lower", "horní" means "the upper").

</doc>
<doc id="5990140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990140" title="2003 CONCACAF Champions' Cup">
2003 CONCACAF Champions' Cup

The 2003 CONCACAF Champions' Cup was the 38th edition of the annual international club football competition held in the CONCACAF region (North America, Central America and the Caribbean), the CONCACAF Champions' Cup. It was won by Club Toluca after a 5-4 aggregate win over Monarcas Morelia in the final. The tournament was held between March 6 and October 8. The 16-team format was scrapped for an eight-team format in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5990159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990159" title="Reform of the administrative divisions of China">
Reform of the administrative divisions of China

In recent years there have been calls to reform the administrative divisions and levels of China.
The abolishment of district public offices is an ongoing reform to remove an extra level of administration from between the county and township levels. There have also been calls to abolish the prefecture level, and some provinces have transferred some of the power prefectures currently hold to the counties they govern. There are also calls to reduce the size of the provinces. The ultimate goal is to reduce the different administration levels from five to three, (Provincial, County, Village) reducing the amount of corruption that goes on in between and reducing the number of government workers to reduce budget.
Although actual proposals differ in their details, many of the proposals contain the following points:
Redrawing the provinces.
The current province boundaries of China were mostly drawn during the Yuan, Ming, and Qing Dynasties, and are criticized by some as relics of a divide and rule policy that prevailed during those times. Current provinces frequently transcend major cultural and geographical divides, encompassing areas that have little in common. On the other hand, many cultural blocs, such as the Yangtze delta, the Huai watershed, or the Hakka lands, are divided along boundaries that do not actually indicate any geographical or cultural divide. Proponents for redrawing province boundaries believe that boundaries should be redrawn to better reflect cultural and geographical divides, which would in turn help to reduce conflict within provinces, promote regional cooperation, and increase administrative efficiency.
Opponents of this, on the other hand, point to the fact that despite disparities within provinces, these boundaries have remained more or less stable for many centuries, and form an important part of identity for all Chinese. Opponents also doubt whether realigning province borders to cultural boundaries would really help in promoting regional cooperation, or simply lead to increasing regionalism.
Making the provinces smaller.
Proponents point to the size of current provinces, such as Henan, Shandong, and Sichuan, all of which have populations of close to 100 million people. It is said that such enormous size puts a staggering burden on provincial governments, resulting in inefficiency and poor responsiveness to grassroots needs and desires, as well as inability to concentrate on specific areas of development. In addition, some proponents of province shrinking believe that the current size of larger provinces has given them too much bargaining power with the central government, and is a negative influence on the territorial integrity of China.
Opponents of province shrinking believe that increasing the number of provinces would simply increase the inefficiency of governmental bureaucracy. They also believe that smaller provinces would make the coordination of pan-regional efforts more difficult and, consequently, affect economic development. Moreover, they believe that current provinces are important parts of identity for individual Chinese and should not be tampered with.
A variation on this theme is a call to increase the number of municipalities by carving major cities out of the provinces, which would basically achieve the same effect. The recent establishment of Hainan province (out of Guangdong) and Chongqing municipality (out of Sichuan) can be seen as experiments along this vein. Proposals have been made for the municipality status of cities such as Guangzhou, Nanjing, Wuhan, and Chengdu.
Abolishing the prefecture level.
This proposal has recently gathered quite a lot of popularity. The reasons are based on the history of prefectures.
By the constitution of China, provinces are supposed to govern counties directly—and prefectures (autonomous ones excepted) are neither mentioned nor endorsed. So when prefectures were originally being set up, they were an "unofficial" quasi-level to help provinces govern very large numbers of counties. As a result, prefectures are (unlike provinces or counties) often seen as nothing more than bureaucratic institutions.
However, the constitution does allow for some cities, which "are" a constitutionally guaranteed level of administration, to be "prefecture-level" (in the sense that they can take surrounding counties under them), though the original intention was likely to have just a few very large cities in each province be prefecture-level cities that govern only the counties in their immediate suburbs. The rest of each province would still consist of counties under unofficial prefectures. (This was, in fact, the general situation before the 90's.)
In recent years, however, there has been a trend to replace prefectures wholesale with prefecture-level cities. This takes advantage of the ambiguous wording in the constitution, and basically turns unofficial prefectures overnight into "official" levels endorsed in the constitution. This process took place very fast—most provinces now govern all or most of their counties through only prefecture-level cities. In other words, an extra level of government has been "inserted" into the administrative structure.
Proponents of reform say that this twist in events undermines the entire administrative structure of China by "sneaking in" an extra level "out of nowhere". More levels, they argue, lead to more corruption, more government spending, more inefficiency and idleness, and greater distance between the grassroots and the government. In addition, they claim that this arrangement over-emphasizes prefecture capitals (now they can claim, nominally and legally, to "be" the entire prefecture), and they argue that this has given prefectures license to sap resources that would otherwise go directly to counties. This in turn accentuates regional conflicts and the rich-poor gap. Also, if provinces are shrunk as well (see the proposal above), then there is even less need left for any prefectures at all to exist—after all, they only exist because provinces are too large.
Opponents of this change believe that it is unrealistic to expect any change to come to current provincial boundaries, and hence prefectures are here to stay, at least in the short term. Moreover, they claim that the sheer size of provinces (which, according to them, do not need to be shrunk) means that prefectures are needed as an intermediary level. Finally, they defend the establishment of prefecture-level cities by arguing that it helps in encouraging urbanization, and cooperative development of entire regions.
Hainan and Chongqing, already mentioned above as apparent experiments in province shrinking, can also be seen as experiments in the abolishment of prefectures. Hainan has two prefecture-level cities, but those control only districts (i.e. their own urbanized area); all the counties of Hainan are under the direct charge of the province, with no prefecture-level intermediary. Chongqing, which is province-sized (despite its status as a municipality), has no intermediate prefecture-level subdivisions of any sort.
In addition, the provinces of Zhejiang, Fujian, Hubei, and Henan have initiated a number of reforms, giving counties a wide range of rights currently held by prefectures.
Increasing the size of counties and townships.
The abolishment of district public offices is part of this reform; originally set up as an intermediate level to help counties deal with very large numbers of towns and township, they are now being phased out, and towns and townships are being enlarged to partially fill their place. In effect, this reform is already being carried out in most parts of the country. In addition, there are proposals to merge smaller counties together as well.
Proponents of this believe that the sheer size of the Chinese bureaucracy (and hence, the sheer amount of resources that it consumes) is due to the extraordinary number of counties and townships—and they believe that the number can be reduced.
Opponents of this believe that the population density of China means that tiny counties and townships are needed for effective government. They also claim that any drastic change to grassroots-level government would have adverse effects on social stability.
Bypassing the provincial hierarchy.
Another reform is to have certain institutions of the central government form institutions which completely bypass the number provincial hierarchies. The model for this is federal institutions of the United States of America and the purpose is to prevent provincial and local interference in some functions of the central government. The Military Area Commands of the People's Liberation Army have long been administered in this fashion precisely to prevent local officials from exercising
control and influence over the military. One recent example of this reform has been the People's Bank of China which in 1999 abolished all provincial and local branches creating regional districts which do not correspond to provincial boundaries. A similar reform has been suggested for the judicial system creating circuit and district courts which do not correspond to provincial boundaries to reduce corruption and government payroll.

</doc>
<doc id="5990161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990161" title="Ion Andreescu">
Ion Andreescu

Ion Andreescu (; 15 February 1850 – 22 October 1882) was a Romanian painter of great renown.
Biography.
He was born in Bucharest into a merchant's family. In 1869 he entered Theodor Aman's Fine Arts School. 
By 1872 he was an instructor of drawing and calligraphy at the Bishop's School in Buzău. In 1873 he left the Bishop's School for the Tudor Vladimirescu Communal Secondary School, also in Buzău. Then, in 1875 he left the Communal Secondary School for Buzău's Craftsmanship School.
Influenced by Nicolae Grigorescu, he left Romania for Paris to further his education. In Paris, he began painting at Barbizon. His work was exhibited with the works of better-known painters such as Manet, Monet and Renoir. 
In 1881 he returned to Romania, ill with tuberculosis. His death followed shortly in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="5990170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990170" title="German submarine U-2342">
German submarine U-2342

German submarine "U-2342" was a short-lived Type XXIII U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during the Second World War. She was built at Hamburg during 1944 as a modern Type XXIII ""Elektroboote"", a small coastal class designed to strike ships along the coastlines of Britain and liberated Europe, particularly the English Channel, although none ever served there. "U-2342" was placed under the command of "Oblt.z.S." Berchtold Schad von Mittelbiberbach, an ex-Marine Sergeant Major who received a rapid promotion in the final months of 1944. She was his first submarine experience.
The fate of "U-2342" was not unusual, as the seas around the German coastline were subject to very heavy allied air attack during the final two years of the war, with the Royal Air Force seeking to restrict German movement by sowing thousands of air-dropped naval mines. This tactic delayed the production and training of new boats and disrupted coastal shipping. It also wrecked a number of new boats, including "U-2342", before they had a chance to enter the Battle of the Atlantic.
"U-2342" was travelling in a convoy of ten boats taking essential supplies and personnel to Norway on Boxing Day 1944. The operation was highly secret, and submarines were used to disguise it from any prying reconnaissance aircraft. Whilst just north of Swinemünde, "U-2342" activated an air-dropped mine and fell out of the convoy, slowly sinking as the other boats carried on their passage northwards. Rescue vessels found some of the crew, but seven sailors, including the boat's captain were not found, lost in the explosion.
Demolition experts blew up the wreck in 1954 to clear the seaway, and parts were taken to shore, where they were broken up for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="5990182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990182" title="1921 Tour de France">
1921 Tour de France

The 1921 Tour de France was the 15th Tour de France, taking place June 26 to July 24, 1921. The total distance was 5484 km and the average speed of the riders was 24.720 km/h. The race was won by Belgian Leon Scieur. The Belgians dominated the entire race, partly due to the absence of the French Pélissier brothers, who were on bad terms with the Tour organisation. Scieur's victory was largely uncontested; Hector Heusghem came close after the sixth stage, but lost time later. The organisation tried to get the cyclists to attack more by several means, but this failed.
Changes from the 1920 Tour de France.
The 1920 Tour de France had been dominated by Belgian cyclists, who won twelve of the fifteen stages, and the top seven of the overall classification. The French cyclists Henri and Francis Pélissier had left the 1920 Tour de France after Henri received a penalty from the Tour organisation for throwing away a tire, and they were still fighting. Therefore, the Pélissier brothers did not join the 1921 Tour de France. Two veteran cyclists who did join the race were Ernest Paul and Lucien Pothier, both forty years old. Paul rode his first Tour de France in 1908, while Pothier had started in the first Tour de France in 1903, and finished second.
The winner of 1920, Philippe Thys, was the dominant stage racer of the time, but he was recovering from an illness and could not compete for the victory.
The economic impact of World War I was still not over, so as in the previous years there were not sponsored teams, but the cycling companies had bundled their forces under the nick La Sportive. The cyclists were divided in two categories, this time named "1ère class" (first class), the professionals, and "2ème classe" (second class), the amateurs. This year, some of the second class cyclists would finish higher than some of the first class cyclists.
The 1921 Tour de France saw the introduction of foreign press. They followed the race in their own cars.
For the first time, an inhabitant from Monaco joined the Tour de France. Laurent Devalle needed more than twenty-seven hours for the fifth stage, and would finally give up in the eleventh stage.
Race details.
Overall, the Tour did not have any major events. This troubled the Tour organizer and newspaper owner Henri Desgrange, who sanctioned cyclists that were not combative enough in his view.
In the first stage, Honoré Barthélemy had to fix a flat tire eleven times. Despite this, he still finished in second place behind Louis Mottiat, with Léon Scieur in third place. In the second stage, won by Romain Bellenger, Scieur finished in second place, almost one hour before Mottiat and Barthélemy, so Scieur was leading the race. Scieur improved his lead by winning the third stage, and was already leading by 12'38" over his closest opponent, Hector Heusghem.
In the fourth and fifth stage, both won by Mottiat, Scieur managed to increase his lead to almost half an hour.
In the sixth stage, the first real mountains were to be climbed. Hector Heusghem took off on the Tourmalet, reached the top there first, rode solo over the Aspin and the Peyresourde and finished with a 24 minute margin. This brought the difference between Scieur and Heusghem back to slightly over four minutes. The press predicted a new duel between Scieur and Heusghem.
The seventh and eighth stage did not change this difference. In the ninth stage the race was decided, as Heusghem lost ten minutes to Scieur. From that moment it was easy for Scieur to control the race, and the other cyclists could only ride for stage victories. In the tenth stage, Scieur punctured on the climb to Allos. It was an unwritten rule that cyclists would not attack when opponents were repairing their bicycle, but Heusghem was desperate and broke this rule. Scieur was angry, and after he completed his repair he caught back Heusghem. He then told Heusghem that this was not the way professional cyclists behaved, dropped Heusghem, and crossed the finish line first, and even added another six minutes to his lead.
The French crowd was pleased by the stage victory of Félix Goethals in stage eleven. In the twelfth stage Heusghem won, albeit in the same time as Scieur. Henri Desgrange was angry at the cyclists for not attempting to beat Scieur, so he had the cyclists leave separately in the thirteenth stage. The "second class" cyclists started two hours earlier than the sponsored "first class" cyclists. Although the stage was won by an unsponsored cyclist from the second class, Félix Sellier, this did not help for the general classification, as Scieur and Heusghem still finished together. The Tour organisers wanted the second class cyclists to start two hours later in the fourteenth stage, but they threatened with a strike, and the cyclists could start together. The fourteenth stage had a remarkable incident: Scieur's wheel broke, and 11 spokes were broken. According the rules, a broken item could only be replaced when repair was not possible. Because there was no Tour official close to Scieur who could verify that the wheel was broken beyond repair, Scieur strapped the broken wheel to his back and rode with it for more than , which left scars on his back that remained there for years. In the last stage, Scieur finished a few minutes behind Heusghem, but his victory was never in danger.
Results.
In each stage, all cyclists started together. The cyclist who reached the finish first, was the winner of the stage.
The time that each cyclist required to finish the stage was recorded. For the general classification, these times were added up; the cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey.
General classification.
The final general classification, calculated by adding the stages times, was won by Léon Scieur, who received 15.000 Francs. Originally, the two results of the two classes were separated, and the winner of the second class, Victor Lenaers, reportedly won 20.000 Francs in total during this race. Modern sources combine the results for the two groups.
Aftermath.
As in the years before, the Belgian cyclists had dominated the entire race. The French press and audience did not like this, and wanted the brothers Pélissier, who did not join because of a fight with the Tour organisers, to enter the race again. They would ultimately do this in 1923, when Henri won the race as the first French cyclist in eleven years.
The winner in 1921, Scieur, would start the Tour three more times, but would never win a stage again and never complete the race.

</doc>
<doc id="5990212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990212" title="Book Tower">
Book Tower

The Book Tower is a , 38-story skyscraper located at 1265 Washington Boulevard in Downtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Washington Boulevard Historic District. Construction began on the Italian Renaissance-style building in 1916 as an addition to the original Book Building and finished a decade later. Designed in the Academic Classicism style, it is 475 feet (145 m) and 38 stories tall (not including two basement levels), with two mechanical floors at the top encased in the green copper roof, a roofing style shared by the nearby Westin Book Cadillac Hotel. Retail and gallery floors used to reside on the first and second floors, with businesses previously occupying the rest. The building is currently unoccupied.
History.
Named after the famous Book Brothers of Detroit, it was briefly the tallest building in the city until the completion of the Penobscot Building in 1928. A taller Book Tower of 81 stories was to be built at the opposite end of the Book Building, but the Great Depression cancelled those plans. The building contains a cartouche by the Detroit architectural sculptor Corrado Parducci.
From its opening through the mid-1970s the Book Tower remained a prestigious address on Washington Boulevard. Like many structures in the city, its fortunes declined until 1988 when the owners defaulted on the mortgage. In 1989, Travelers Insurance, the principal mortgage-holder, took possession and sold the building to developer John Lambrecht who previously purchased and renovated the Cadillac Tower a few blocks east. Lambrecht had similar plans for the Book Building and Tower, however his untimely death later that year brought things to a halt.
Lambrecht's widow attempted to manage the property and made some improvements, but she was unable to maintain momentum. On July 25, 2006, she sold the Book Tower to the Pagan Organization, a New York-based investment group. Pagan's early plans call for a renovation and conversion of both the Book Tower and Book building into a mix of retail, residential, and office units. The Pagan Organization created the Northeast Commercial Services Corp. to manage the building. Northeast Commercial Services Corp. filed for Chapter 11 protection Wednesday, May 24, 2007, after defaulting on its mortgage loan. The last tenant, Bookie's Tavern, closed its doors January 5, 2009, and moved to a new location downtown.
In November 2009, Key Investment Group of Clinton Township, Michigan announced intentions to buy and renovate the building as a mixed use development with high rise residential units, office space, and retail. Weeks earlier, the investors revealed that they were looking to purchase the building from AKNO Enterprises of Vancouver for a green renovation. In January 2010, Rosemarie Dobek, CFO of Key Investment Group, reported that the group is pursuing plans for a US$320 million green renovation to include the Book Tower and four other Detroit buildings.
In August 2013, Book Tower owner ANKO Enterprises of Vancouver, British Columbia, filed a tax abatement for a future renovation of the building; however, specific plans have not yet been disclosed.

</doc>
<doc id="5990219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990219" title="4NYC">
4NYC

4NYC is an album by Jordan Rudess which was recorded live September 24, 2001 and released September 10, 2002.
The album came about as part of Rudess's reaction to the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. In an effort to raise money for the American Red Cross and to help ease the pain associated with the great loss he and the people of New York felt, he and his wife organized a benefit concert. The tracks comprise performances from that concert and improvisations done in Rudess's studio the following week.
Track listing.
All other tracks are studio recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="5990224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990224" title="Ahmedabad Spinning and Weaving Company Limited">
Ahmedabad Spinning and Weaving Company Limited

The Ahmedabad Spinning and Weaving Company Ltd. was the first textile mill and garments company established in Ahmedabad and one of the first textile mills of India. It was opened on May 30, 1861 and started by enterprenuer, Ranchhodlal Chhotalal.

</doc>
<doc id="5990236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990236" title="Chi Tu">
Chi Tu

Chi Tu (Malay: "Tanah Merah") is an ancient kingdom mentioned in the history of China. The Sui Dynasty (581-618) annals describe an advanced kingdom called Chi Tu. The location of Chi Tu was disputed to be around Kelantan or Pahang state in Malay Peninsula, or in Songkhla and Pattani Province of southern Thailand. The best evidence to support the Kelantan theory was when the envoys left Chi Tu, the sail took 10 days to reach Champa, this indicates the kingdom was located somewhere ‘red earth’ around the main river of Kelantan. The inscribed Buddhagupta Stone found in Kedah mentioned a Raktamrttika, the meaning is red earth land. 
Chi Tu Kingdom.
The royal family's name is Chu-dan and the king is Li-fo-duo-se. According to Chinese records, Chi Tu was built by "kit mow" (Mon-Khmer) peoples who sailed from the coast of Funan (southern Indochina). Centuries later, the local inhabitants, replaced Funan peoples. "...Chi Tu is a derivation nation of Funan, located in within the southern sea, sailing hundred days to reach, the majority terrain was red, thus named Red Earth Kingdom (Chi means red, Tu means earth). East bordering Po-Lo-La, West bordering Po-Lo-So, South bordering "Ho Lo Tan", thousands of square miles in land area. The king has three wives and the kingdom embraced Buddhism...".
Chi Tu kingdom along with Langkasuka, Kedah and others were early important trade centers (approximately 100 BCE to 700 CE). During this period, ships coming from China and Funan (from Indian Ocean as well) stop at the coast of Malay Peninsula. They get the local porters to transport the goods, using rafts, elephants and manpower along the Early transpeninsular routeway and part of the ancient Spice Route (Sea Route).
Sources from Indian scholars.
J.L. Meons (1937) believed that early Srivijaya was located in Kelantan and K.A. Nilakanta Sastri (1949) supported the idea. The Kelantan theory may not be far-fetched, since Chinese Sui Dynasty annals of the 7th century describe an advanced kingdom called Chi Tu as being in Kelantan, the name was later changed to "Sri Wijaya Mala". The capital of Sri Wijaya Mala was called "Valai", and it was situated along the upper Kelantan river of Pergau, known for its rich gold mines.

</doc>
<doc id="5990244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990244" title="L.A. Posse">
L.A. Posse

The L.A. Posse is a former American hip hop record production team.
History.
The L.A. Posse first rose to prominence in 1987 when Def Jam founder Russell Simmons signed them to produce LL Cool J's album "Bigger and Deffer". The team was made up of Dwayne "Muffla" Simon, Darryl "Big Dad" Pierce, Bobby "DJ Bobcat" Ervin and Mark "DJ Pooh" Jordan.
Bigger and Deffer was a huge success and led to L.A. Posse producing albums for Whodini, The Real Roxanne and LL Cool J's next LP, "Walking With a Panther". During this period, Muffla also co-wrote the Run-D.M.C.'s single "Beats to the Rhyme".
In 1989, the L.A. Posse left Def Jam and signed with Atlantic Records, producing the album, "The Young Son of No One", by Breeze, which yielded the charting rap single "L.A. Posse". Following this, the group recorded their own album, "They Come in All Colors", in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="5990247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990247" title="Armando Picchi Calcio">
Armando Picchi Calcio

Armando Picchi Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Livorno, Tuscany. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are all-dark red.
The team was founded in 1971 by Enzo Picchi, uncle of the late Armando Picchi, a football player and manager, and a native of Livorno, and now it is the second team in Livorno by importance, behind A.S. Livorno Calcio of Serie B. Alongside its first time, Armando Picchi Calcio can boast of a fine youth sector, that won two Italian championships at the "Allievi" and "Juniores" level, respectively in 1973 and 1974. Cristiano and Alessandro Lucarelli played for Armando Picchi in their youth years.

</doc>
<doc id="5990251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990251" title="At War with the Army">
At War with the Army

At War with the Army is a 1950 musical comedy film directed by Hal Walker and starring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis and introducing Polly Bergen. It was filmed from July through August 1949, and released on December 30, 1950 by Paramount. It was re-released in 1958 by OMAT Pictures.
Although filmed before "My Friend Irma Goes West", it was held back until the sequel to Martin and Lewis' smash film debut "My Friend Irma" was released.
Plot.
Set at an army post in Kentucky at the end of 1944, Vic Puccinelli and Alvin Korwin are former nightclub partners who are now enlisted in the United States Army. First Sergeant Puccinelli (Dean Martin) now ranks above his former equal, Private First Class Korwin (Jerry Lewis).
Puccinelli is desperately trying to get transferred from his dull job to active duty overseas, but is not only refused transfer but is to be commissioned a Warrant Officer. Meanwhile, Korwin desperately wants a pass to see his wife and new baby. In addition, they both have to rehearse for the Army's talent show and avoid the wrath of Alvin's platoon sergeant, Sergeant McVey (Mike Kellin).
Along the way they both sing a few songs, and they do an impression of Bing Crosby and Barry Fitzgerald by recreating a scene from "Going My Way" for the talent show. Further complications include a Post Exchange worker who is pregnant, a company commander who gets all his information from his wife, a scheming supply sergeant, and a defective Coca Cola machine.
Production.
When Martin and Lewis signed their film contract with Paramount Pictures, they were allowed to make one film "outside" the studio per year through their own company, York Productions. This film was made under that provision, with the stars taking a small salary in exchange for 90 percent of the film's profits.
However, upon its release, Martin and Lewis ended up in a long, drawn-out legal battle. After several years, they relinquished all financial interest in this film in exchange for not having to make any more of these "outside" ones. The copyright on this film was not renewed in 1977, resulting in its public domain status.
The film is based on a play by James B. Allardice that ran for 151 performances from 1948-49 with Mike Kellin and Kenneth Forbes repeating their roles.
The producers opened up the play by adding a sequence of an Absent Without Leave Lewis in drag fending off the amorous advances of his drunken platoon sergeant, a sequence on an obstacle course and the addition of several songs written by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans.
One of the later Martin and Lewis films, "Sailor Beware" had a working title of "At Sea with the Navy".
Copyright status.
This film's copyright was registered to York Pictures Corp. and Screen Associates, Inc. on January 23, 1951 (LP 679), and was renewed on December 7, 1979 (RE43009). However, the film has since lapsed into the public domain.
DVD release date.
As this film is in the public domain, there have been at least a dozen DVD releases from a variety of companies over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="5990252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990252" title="Integrin alpha M">
Integrin alpha M

Integrin alpha M (ITGAM) is one protein subunit that forms the heterodimeric integrin alpha-M beta-2 (αMβ2) molecule, also known as "macrophage-1 antigen" (Mac-1) or "complement receptor 3" (CR3). ITGAM is also known as CR3A, and cluster of differentiation molecule 11B (CD11B). The second chain of αMβ2 is the common integrin β2 subunit known as CD18, and integrin αMβ2 thus belongs to the β2 subfamily (or leukocyte) integrins. 
αMβ2 is expressed on the surface of many leukocytes involved in the innate immune system, including monocytes, granulocytes, macrophages, and natural killer cells. It mediates inflammation by regulating leukocyte adhesion and migration and has been implicated in several immune processes such as phagocytosis, cell-mediated cytotoxicity, chemotaxis and cellular activation. It is involved in the complement system due to its capacity to bind inactivated complement component 3b (iC3b). The ITGAM (alpha) subunit of integrin αMβ2 is directly involved in causing the adhesion and spreading of cells but cannot mediate cellular migration without the presence of the β2 (CD18) subunit.
In genomewide association studies, single nucleotide polymorphisms in ITGAM had the strongest association with systemic lupus erythematosus, with an odds ratio of 1.65 for the T allele of rs9888739 and lupus.
In histopathology, immunohistochemistry with antibodies against CD11B is frequently used to identify macrophages and microglia.

</doc>
<doc id="5990255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990255" title="B.Slade">
B.Slade

Anthony Charles Williams II (born in San Diego, California), better known by his stage name B.Slade, formerly known under the gospel moniker Tonéx ( ), is an American singer, songwriter, actor, multi-instrumentalist, rapper, dancer, producer, and activist from San Diego, CA. He has gone by various names and aliases, but his primary stage name of choice had for years been "Tonéx". In 2010, he began using the stage name B.Slade in order to repackage himself.
Williams has released several hundred songs on dozens of albums over the span of his career, while producing several others for both gospel and secular artists. He has won six Stellar Awards, a GMA Award, and received 2 Grammy nominations: one for Best Contemporary Soul Gospel Album for his 2004 gold album, "Out The Box" and another in 2009 for Best Urban/Soul Alternative Performance for his single, "Blend", from his 2009 mainstream (albeit theoretically Gospel) album, "Unspoken".
Known more for his gospel recordings, his musical efforts have been known to blend a smorgasbord of styles, including pop, r&b, jazz, soul, funk, hip hop, rock, latin, electro, punk and trance. His primary influences include Stevie Wonder, Billy Joel, Prince, Michael Jackson, Walter Hawkins, David Bowie, and Janet Jackson. His distinct sound and eclectic style of music led him to give his music its own genre per se, calling it "Nureau".
Life and music career.
Early life.
Born in 1975, Williams grew up in the San Diego, California area. His father, Dr. Anthony Williams, was Senior Pastor of the Truth Apostolic Community Church in suburban Spring Valley and served as a district elder in the California District Council of the Pentecostal Assemblies of the World (PAW). His mother, Dr. E.B. Williams, was a licensed minister in the PAW and served the church as Assistant Pastor. Anthony was the youngest of the Williams' six boys. Gospel music was the preferred choice at home, but other sounds made their way into Williams' environment. His father played saxophone for James Brown and Jackie Wilson, his mother sang in various girl groups, and his older brothers sneaked funk and R&B recordings into the house. By age 10, he had recorded an album of his own at home (produced by Virgil Brookins). Deciding early on a musical career, he took the name "Tonex" by the time he was 13, sometimes spelling it "Tonéx"; at the age of 16 he and his parents Pastor A.C. Williams and Dr. E.B. Williams hired his first personal manager, Benjamin Jimerson (aka Benjamin Jimerson-Phillips) in 1991. Jimerson, who has since become a relatively successful movie producer, stated: "From the first moment I saw Tonex and he sang his first note, I realized I was dealing with a young man destined to become a major celebrity."
1996–2000: Early career.
Rescue was still a small label, and "Pronounced Toe-Nay" was issued in a limited production run and distributed mostly from the back of Williams' car. Young gospel fans, however, quickly caught on to the innovative variety of music on Pronounced Toe-Nay. The album's producer, T. Boy, was an alter ego of Tonex himself. The album was divided by style into seven sections: hip-hop/rap, retro/funk, the future, jazz, mellow grooves, soul/gospel, and bonus tracks. In the recordings of Kirk Franklin and others, hip-hop had previously made inroads into gospel music, but this kind of wild eclectic mix was completely new. At the time, the digital reproduction of music was in its infancy, and rare copies of the album became prized possessions. "Pronounced Toe-Nay" garnered the attention of the producers at the 14th Annual Stellar Awards and placed him on the billing, and that performance by Tonéx made such a bold statement and had such an impact, it has been compared to the impact Michael Jackson made on the Motown 25th Anniversary Special back in 1983 when he introduced the moonwalk to the world.
2000–2004: As a rising gospel artist.
By this time, national labels had come calling. Tonéx was signed to an unusual three-way deal that affiliated him with the successful and growing gospel label Verity, the pop imprint Zomba, and the durable hip-hop label Tommy Boy. Tonéx made his national debut with a re-release of his most successful independent album "Pronounced Toe-Nay" in 2000. His first high-profile television appearance was performing a medley of "Trinity" and "One Good Reason" on the Stellar Awards, which was a coup as Tonéx was a relative unknown at the time. He has dubbed his particular genre-spanning musical style "nureau."
Upon its release, "Pronounced Toe-Nay" bore 5 different record label logos: Rescue Records, the independent label that originally released the album; Mo' Soule Steppyn Records, Tonéx's then-active vanity imprint label; Tommy Boy Gospel, the label to which Tonéx was signed as an artist; Verity Records, the label to which his independent label Rescue Records sold his album's masters; and Jive Records, the mainstream umbrella over Verity Records. All of the material was produced, arranged, composed and performed by Tonéx, with guest appearances from his mother E.B. Williams, and the rapper Big J.
Some executives wanted to develop Tonéx's career in a secular direction, but he turned them down and kept to religious themes. "There are a lot of people who do similar things to what I do in R&B but I wanted to use gospel lyrics," he explained in an interview quoted on the Sphinx Management Web site.
After going through numerous revisions, his second album "O2" was released in 2002. According to Tonéx, the title of his second album referred to the year of release, to the element oxygen, and to the album's status as his second major recording. "O2" matched the stylistic eclecticism of Pronounced Toe-Nay, with each track diverging completely from the one before. The album spawned a major Christian radio hit in "God Has Not 4Got", a Stellar Award-winning song that displayed Tonéx's ability to create traditional choral gospel music as well as innovative pop fusions. USA TODAY gave it 3 stars (3 out of 4). The music video for the single "Bout A Thang" received heavy rotation on BET and MTV Australia, and featured energetic hip-hop dance and an urban image not usually associated with Gospel artists. "O2" also featured a love song, "You", directed toward the artist's then-wife Yvette Williams (née Graham), a vocalist who at times went by the name Ms. Tonéx.
Becoming known to the wider contemporary Christian music community as a result of several music industry awards and award nominations, Tonéx went on tour with contemporary gospel artists and Men of Standard after the release of "O2". Tonéx was moved up from opening act to headliner as audiences reacted enthusiastically to his music and his high falsetto voice. He performed once more at the Stellar Awards early in 2004 and won several awards.
Even though "O2" brought him more mainstream success, Tonéx said that this album was not what he had in mind for release. He continued to release independent projects via the internet that showcased even more of his versatile creativity. Probably his most acclaimed of these works, Tonéx released "Oak Park 92105" in 2003 on his now defunct Nureau Underground website in 2003, stating it was this album that he intended to release after "Pronounced Toe-Nay", and not "O2". "Oak Park 92105" was a double album that mainly dealt with Tonéx's life growing up in the Oak Park community nestled in the eastern tip of southeast San Diego, California. It was eventually re-released on iTunes in 2005 with some new songs; however, the album did not come without controversy, as Tonéx opted to include a "parental advisory: explicit lyrics" notice on the front cover of the album, making it the first album by a Christian-based artist to carry the notice. Tonéx said the "explicit lyrics" notice is not a result of "cussing" on a record but rather content that "might be a little too deep for children." 
2004–2006: Out The Box and accolade.
His 2004 live double CD "Out The Box" earned him the most widespread acclaim so far. Divided into segments ranging from traditional gospel and praise anthems to splashes of urban dance, rock, and hip-hop, the ambitious "Out The Box" was a sprawling double disc set with 36 tracks, which included innovative intros, interludes, and a number of studio tracks. The supporting cast included a 10-piece band, 4 dancers, a 16-voice ensemble, and a 40-voice choir. Notable guest appearances on the album included Kirk Franklin, who plays piano in the live version of "God Has Not 4Got" and appears as an artist on "Since Jesus Came", and frequent Prince percussionist Sheila E, who appears on the Latin-flavored "Todos Juntos".
"Out The Box" debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" magazine Top Gospel Album Chart in September 2004, appeared on "Billboard"’s Top 200 and Top R&B Chart, was #5 on the Contemporary Christian Chart, and to date has sold over 500,000 copies. He also netted a Grammy nomination for Best Contemporary Soul Gospel Album the following year, and had another bonafide Christian radio hit with the ballad "Make Me Over". In 2005, Tonéx won a total of six Stellar Awards including "Artist of the Year" for "Out The Box."
2006–2010: Controversy, turbulence, and retirement from gospel.
In July 2004, his father died, forcing him to take on the responsibility of becoming senior pastor of their family's church in his stead. He also divorced his wife of 5 years, Yvette. In 2006, Verity Records sued Williams for one million dollars citing breach of contract. Subsequently, Tonéx announced that he would retire from the Gospel music industry, frustrated by politics and mistreatment. Following the announcement, Kirk Franklin posted a personal blog on his own website sympathizing with the artist feeling "the weight of an industry that is only built to make money, not heal broken souls." He continued releasing music independently, using MySpace as his primary vehicle for promotion.
In March 2007, a reconciliation with Zomba Label Group was announced, which would be a joint venture for his Nureau Ink label. The deal was struck under the auspices of new Zomba president "Jazzy" Jordan (who previously had guided the careers of R. Kelly and Salt-N-Pepa). With a new record deal under his belt, he was preparing to release a double disc set titled "", which was slated to be released on September 11, 2007, and was purportedly supposed to do for his career what "Thriller" did for Michael Jackson and what "Purple Rain" did for Prince. However, in June 2007, another split with Zomba was announced, fueled by his leaking of the vitriolic and profanity-laden song "The Naked Truth", along with several similarly themed blogs and videos. Tonéx cited label frustration as one of the reasons he leaked the song, and he soon faced much scrutiny within the Gospel arena for the explicit language and the angry tone of the song and its subsequent blogs. He later would close down his social networking sites for several months before resurfacing on the web in January 2008.
Recreating a softer gospel-friendly image, Williams changed his stage name to Ton3x (or TON3X) in 2008. He left the Verity Records family and signed under the umbrella of Battery Records, a label imprint of Sony/BMG. His only Battery Records release was the album "Unspoken", released on March 17, 2009. The first single from that album, entitled "Blend", was unexpectedly nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Urban/Alternative Performance, despite very little promotional/financial support from Sony/Battery and garnered the artist his first non-gospel Grammy nomination. That year, he would also present awards at the Grammy pre-telecast, including the first 2 awards given to Lady Gaga, who was already backstage preparing for her show-opening performance.
In September 2009, The Word Network aired an appearance of Tonéx on "The Lexi Show". Starting out as another promotional tool for his music, the interview unexpectedly changed directions, leading to Williams candidly expressing his views on sexuality and revealing his own same-sex attraction. Though his sexual orientation had already been highly speculated within the African American and gospel communities, the unapologetic tone of these revelations were condemned by conservative Christians, and bookings and appearances were universally cancelled, eventually leading to Williams being excommunicated. The artist would later say that he was "caught off guard" by the show's line of questioning but that he answered every question truthfully.
On December 29, 2009, Tonéx's website, as well as his Twitter and Facebook accounts, reported that the artist's mother, Evangelist and vocalist E.B. Williams, had died the day before. Williams would soon end his pastoral duties at his family's church.
On June 9, 2010, Tonéx announced what would be his final mixtape, the digital-only release "The Parking Lot". The mixtape was also distributed in NYC that night after what would be his final performance. On June 15, 2010, the brand Tonéx/TON3X was officially and permanently retired. A "Tonéx Vault" was created on Bandcamp to share rare and previously unreleased material like the shelved Verity project, "Gosp0p".
2010–present: Rebirth as B.Slade and a return to independence.
Recreating himself as an out indie R&B/glam pop artist, the artist formerly known as Tonéx underwent a re-branding, dubbing himself B.Slade and using digital media to release his new music and philosophies. The name change was inspired by the character Brian Slade from the art film Velvet Goldmine. Though he continues to receive much resistance from his past, conservative gospel fans, his new-found transparency and honest lyrics have helped him carve a niche in the LGBT music genre, which itself is slowly gaining acceptance in the mainstream field. Albums announced and partially produced under the Tonéx brand like "A Brilliant Catastrophe", his Michael and Janet Jackson tribute mixtape, and the long-awaited, aforementioned "Stereotype" were all officially released during this time. B.Slade performed "You Make Me Feel (Mighty Real)" as a tribute to disco singer Sylvester at the 7th Annual OUTMUSIC Awards. His full-length album "Diesel", was released via his own label Suxxess Records on July 19, 2011.
After completing his stint in the musical "The Who's Tommy" in the summer of 2011, B.Slade began work on his next concept album, "Knowing." An ambitious "pop opera" narrating a dystopian take on the future of the major record label monopoly, the album will serve as a soundtrack that the artist plans to turn into a feature film musical. "Knowing" was scheduled for a release on Christmas Day 2011 (another album entitled "Stealth" was released on this day instead), but after a few delays was released discretely in memory of Whitney Houston on February 11, 2012.
In the fall of 2012, B.Slade embarked on his "Sex, Drugs and Sushi US Tour", doing shows in Chicago, New York and taking residency at the WitZend in Venice, LA during the months of September and November. He was nominated for four awards at the 8th Annual OUTMUSIC Awards, winning one for Best R&B/Soul Song. He released another album, "Stunt B%$@H", on January 25, 2013.
Acting and musical theatre.
Along with the many changes made by Williams in 2008, a foray into acting became part of his long list of endeavors. Williams made his film debut in the 2008 Charlie Murphy comedy "The Hustle", which was released to home video in 2011. In September 2008, he played the role of James "Thunder" Early in a San Diego production of the Broadway musical "Dreamgirls". Later in 2008 and early 2009, Williams played the character of Rolin in "Princess & The Black Eyed Pea" at the Lyceum Theater in San Diego. In 2011, he played the starring role in San Diego Repertory Theatre's production of "The Who's Tommy", His performance earned him the Craig Noel Award for Best Male Lead Performance in a Musical.
TV and movie soundtracks.
Williams sang and produced the opening song for the hit UPN TV series "One on One". His production was featured on the song "Off We Go" from the J. Lo/Ben Affleck film "Gigli" and in BET Films original movie "The Walk" starring Eva Marcille. "Cry No More" from the album "Pronounced Toe-Nay" was featured in the HBO film "Prison Song" starring Q-Tip and Mary J. Blige, while the track "The Good Song 2005", a remake of the song "The Good Song", was included on the of the action movie "xXx: State of the Union" starring Ice Cube. B.Slade's song "Don't Wake Me" was featured on the second episode of the BET series "Second Generation Wayans". In 2013, he produced the score for the 44th Annual NAACP Image Awards telecast.
Media appearances.
In 2005, Williams co-hosted the 20th Annual Stellar Awards with Donnie McClurkin and Yolanda Adams. As "DJ Tonéx" he hosted his own syndicated contemporary gospel radio show in partnership with SupeRadio Networks and Blue Sky Productions entitled "Club Virtue" from 2005 to 2007. He also briefly hosted the BET J (now Centric) show "Lifted" which blended positive secular and gospel music programming. In 2010, "The New Yorker" published a lengthy article on the artist, highlighting his journey as one of the first major gospel artists to come out.
Public image.
Williams' appearance has included extremely conservative suits with close cropped hair, outlandish, flamboyant garb with feather boas, fur coats, punk-inspired multi-colored hairstyles, Sanjaya-like headpieces, Stevie Wonder-style dreadlocks and also platform shoes, that brought to mind the "glam" rock bands of the 1970s and 1980s. As Tonéx, his image raised eyebrows in the conservative gospel and contemporary Christian music communities, and he eventually took the sharper edges off his look for a short time. But he made no apologies. "It wasn't me trying to make a statement; I've always been different," he told George Varga of the San Diego Union-Tribune. "And it really worked. Out of church, people are always asking me what my tattoos mean."

</doc>
<doc id="5990263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990263" title="C3a receptor">
C3a receptor

The C3a receptor also known as complement component 3a receptor 1 (C3AR1) is a G protein-coupled receptor protein involved in the complement system.
Although its official name implies it only binds C3a, it also binds C4a.

</doc>
<doc id="5990272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990272" title="Dolní Dobrouč">
Dolní Dobrouč

Dolní Dobrouč "(German: Liebenthal)" is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 2,500 inhabitants.
Villages Horní Dobrouč and Lanšperk "(German: Landsberg)" are administrative parts of Dolní Dobrouč.

</doc>
<doc id="5990273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990273" title="Thaltej-Jodhpur Tekra">
Thaltej-Jodhpur Tekra

The Jodhpur Tekra are a small group of hills located in the western part of Ahmedabad in India. These hills are named after 'jodhpur state'in Rajasthan. During Maharaja Abhay Singhji's time, Jodhpur state army attacked Ahmedabad city and captured it from Muslim rulers. All the majar thikana's of marwar state participated in this war like the Thakur of Nimaj, the Thakur of Ras, Thakur Abhay Singh of Balunda, and Thakur Kusal Singh of Auwa.Thakur Abhay Singh of Balunda looted Nangara & Nishan from the sultan of Ahmedabad, which is still kept in balunda garh,during holi..thikana's damami pour Opium water on Nangara in the remembrance of that famous victory,Thakur Aabay singhji also build a gate in the fort called Fateh pole after this victory 
The PIN code for this area of the city is 380015. The Government Polytechnic Ahmedabad is situated here. Chinubhai Chinai Road, Vikram Sarabhai Road and Chimanlala Girdharlal Road are important roads of this area. Urban residential developments in Jodhpur tekra area means hills are not experienced except for grading slopes on the roads.
Thaltej tekra is the area where the Doordarshan Tower of Ahmedabad is located.

</doc>
<doc id="5990284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990284" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1944">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1944

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1944 according to "The Billboard". Prior to the creation of the Hot 100, "Billboard" published multiple singles charts each week. In 1944, the following two charts were published:
Shown are the songs that topped the Best Selling Retail Records chart in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="5990294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990294" title="Octav Băncilă">
Octav Băncilă

Octav Băncilă (; February 4, 1872 – April 3, 1944) was a Romanian realist painter and left-wing activist. He was the brother of Sofia Nădejde, a feminist journalist, and the brother-in-law of Ioan Nădejde (an atheist and socialist thinker, editor of the magazine "Contemporanul").
Biography.
Born in Botoşani, he remained an orphan at age 4, and was raised in Iaşi by his much older sister and her husband, who first encouraged Octav's talent and passion for art). After completing primary school, he entered the Fine Arts School in Iaşi, where he was taught by Gheorghe Panaiteanu Bardasare, Constantin Daniel Stahi, and Emanoil Bardasare, graduating in 1893. Between 1894 and 1897, he lived and studied abroad on a scholarship: first in Italy and France, and finally in Germany, where he studied under Nicholaos Gysis at the Akademie der Bildenden Künste in Munich (it is not known whether he ever graduated).
Upon his return, he attempted to open a studio in downtown Iaşi, but financial constraints forced him to settle on the outskirts; it was during that time that Băncilă began exploring his major themes: the lives of peasants, factory workers, impoverished Jewish traders and artisans, conscripted soldiers, and of nomadic Roma people. After 1901, he taught calligraphy and art in primary schools in the city. Impressed by the outcome of the 1905 Revolution in the Russian Empire, he was soon active in socialist circles, and became an acquaintance of major intellectual figures on the Left, including Gala Galaction and Paul Bujor.
In 1907, following the crushing of the Romanian Peasants' Revolt, Băncilă began traveling the country and attempting to gather evidence of government repression and violence. The result was a series of twelve paintings (not all of them surviving), including his famous figure of an old peasant standing open-armed (titled "Înainte de 1907", "Before 1907"), several images of dead bodies piled up in fields (being looked on by soldiers), and the eponymous "1907", depicting three ragged peasants running into rifle fire.
Following the outbreak of World War I, he became involved in pacifist causes, using his work to comment on the results of conflict. In 1916, he was appointed professor at the Fine Arts School in Iaşi (a position he kept until his retirement in 1937). With Constantin Ion Parhon and Bujor, Băncilă founded, in 1919, the short-lived Laborer Party ("Partidul Muncitor"), soon fused into the Peasants' Party.
He remained critical of social and political developments inside Greater Romania, was supportive of strike actions in the Jiu Valley, and used his art to attack anti-Semitic trends in Romanian society. Towards the end of his life, he became to sympathise with communism (he was not, however, affiliated with the Communist Party of Romania).

</doc>
<doc id="5990296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990296" title="Complement receptor 2">
Complement receptor 2

Complement receptor type 2 (CR2), also known as complement C3d receptor, Epstein-Barr virus receptor, and CD21 (cluster of differentiation 21), is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CR2 gene.
CR2 is involved in the complement system. It binds to iC3b (inactive derivative of C3b), C3dg, or C3d. B cells have CR2 receptors on their surfaces, allowing the complement system to play a role in B-cell activation and maturation 
Interactions.
CR2 on mature B cells form a complex with two other membrane proteins, CD19 and CD81(=TAPA-1). The CR2-CD19-CD81 complex is often called the B cell coreceptor complex, because CR2 binds to antigens through attached C3d (or iC3b or C3dg) when the membrane IgM binds to the antigen. This results in the B cell having greatly enhanced response to the antigen.
Complement receptor 2 has been shown to interact with CD19.
Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) binds to B cells at CR2 during infection of these cells. Yefenof et al. (1976) found complete overlapping of EBV receptors and C3 receptors on human B cells.
Isoforms.
The canonical Cr2/CD21 gene of subprimate mammals produces two types of complement receptor (CR1, ca. 200 kDa; CR2, ca. 145 kDa) via alternative mRNA splicing. The murine Cr2 gene contains 25 exons; a common first exon is spliced to exon 2 and to exon 9 in transcripts encoding CR1 and CR2, respectively. A transcript with an open reading frame of 4,224 nucleotides encodes the long isoform, CR1; this is predicted to be a protein of 1,408 amino acids that includes 21 short consensus repeats (SCR) of ca. 60 amino acids each, plus transmembrane and cytoplasmic regions. Isoform CR2 (1,032 amino acids) is encoded by a shorter transcript (3,096 coding nucleotides) that lacks exons 2-8 encoding SCR1-6. CR1 and CR2 on murine B cells form complexes with a co-accessory activation complex containing CD19, CD81, and the fragilis/Ifitm (murine equivalents of LEU13) proteins.
The CR2 gene of primates produces only the smaller isoform, CR2; primate complement receptor 1, which recapitulates many of the structural domains and presumed functions of Cr2-derived CR1 in subprimates, is encoded by a distinct CR1 gene (apparently derived from the gene Crry of subprimates).
Isoforms CR1 and CR2 derived from the Cr2 gene possess the same C-terminal sequence, such that association with and activation through CD19 should be equivalent. CR1 can bind to C4b and C3b complexes, whereas CR2 (murine and human) binds to C3dg-bound complexes. CR1, a surface protein produced primarily by follicular dendritic cells, appears to be critical for generation of appropriately activated B cells of the germinal centre and for mature antibody responses to bacterial infection.
Immunohistochemistry.
Although CR2 is present on all mature B-cells and follicular dendritic cells (FDCs), this becomes readily apparent only when immunohistochemistry is performed on frozen sections. In more conventional paraffin-embedded tissue samples, only the FDCs retain the staining pattern. As a result, CR2, more commonly called CD21 in the context of immunohistochemistry, can be used to demonstrate the FDC meshwork in lymphoid tissue. 
This feature can be useful in examining tissue where the normal germinal centres have been effaced by disease processes, such as HIV infection. The pattern of the FDC meshwork may also be altered in some neoplastic conditions, such as B-cell MALT lymphomas, mantle cell lymphoma, and some T cell lymphomas. Castleman's disease is typified by the presence of abnormal FDCs, and both this, and malignant FDC tumours may therefore be demonstrated using CR2/CD21 antibodies.

</doc>
<doc id="5990301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990301" title="2002 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup">
2002 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup

The 2002 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup, a tournament open to all soccer teams in the United States, ran from June through October.
The Columbus Crew won the Cup with a 1-0 victory over the defending-champion Los Angeles Galaxy in the final at Columbus Crew Stadium. Just three days before, Los Angeles had won MLS Cup 2002.
Every third-round game featured an MLS team against an A-League squad. Although MLS won seven of the eight games, four went to overtime, including San Jose's memorable 4-3 win over Seattle. The Des Moines Menace turned in the best performance by a PDL team, taking Rochester to overtime in a 3-2 second-round loss.
Open Cup Bracket.
"Home teams listed on top of bracket"
Schedule.
Note: Scorelines use the standard U.S. convention of placing the home team on the right-hand side of box scores.
First round.
Seven D3 Pro League, five PDL, and four USASA teams start.
Second round.
Eight A-League teams enter.
Third round.
Eight MLS teams enter.

</doc>
<doc id="5990304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990304" title="BattleForce">
BattleForce

BattleForce was originally created by FASA Corporation, a wargame set in the "BattleTech" universe designed to allow the simulation of larger-scale actions. Units typically represent lances, but there are provisions for allowing the counters to represent larger units/formations, such as companies, battalions, and so forth.
Normal Battletech game play usually is set up for small encounters (up to 12 units per side). Though large battles are possible using the normal games rules for Battletech, the game can consume a lot of time to play. BattleForce was designed to remedy this problem.
The game allows wide use of units (vehicles, Battlemechs, air vehicles, etc.).
Revision and Revival.
In 2006, Battletech was relaunched, revising and reprinting many its rule sets under the name of the "" rule set. A supplementary rulebook called "Strategic Operations" includes several chapters for revised and updated edition of BattleForce and its successor Battleforce 2. New units have been added to BattleForce game (including new units added to Battletech since its launch, including Large Naval Vessels). While BattleForce's elements appear in "Interstellar Operations" which will be a component of large scale combat operations on interstellar scale (Solar System to Solar System vs planetary operation which BattleForce is originally conceived for).
Basic Rules.
In its simplest description the game of BattleForce is still a tactical level game comparable to BattleTech, but on a slightly larger scale. Individual vehicles still retain statistics to track, but are much simplified over the normal game of BattleTech.
For example, in BattleTech a BattleMech combat robot is tracked internally for 8 locations and for exterior armor in 11 locations, but in the game of BattleForce there is a pair of stats for armor and internal structure as a whole, both of which are usually single digit numbers between 1 and 9.
Combat units are grouped together and move together in small units rather than independently.
There are also far less complicated rules for movement and for variables like terrain and movement's effect on weapon accuracy.

</doc>
<doc id="5990317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990317" title="Ignorability">
Ignorability

In statistics, ignorability refers to an experiment design where the method of data collection (and the nature of missing data) do not depend on the missing data. A missing data mechanism such as a treatment assignment or survey sampling strategy is "ignorable" if the missing data matrix, which indicates which variables are observed or missing, is independent of the missing data conditional the on the observed data.
This idea is part of the Rubin Causal Inference Model, developed by Donald Rubin in collaboration with Paul Rosenbaum in the early 1970s. 
Pearl devised a simple graphical criterion, called "back-door",
that entails ignorability and identifies sets of
covariates that achieve this condition.
See also.
Missing at random

</doc>
<doc id="5990319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990319" title="Maninagar railway station">
Maninagar railway station

The Maninagar Railway Station is a major railway station in South Zone, Ahmedabad, India. This railway station is in a developed suburb of Ahmedabad, Maninagar. Maninagar said to be a cosmopolitan suburb, is often referred to as the cultural capital of Ahmedabad. The main population consists of Gujarati, Sindhi has one of the finest eateries of Ahmedabad like Lijjat Khaman, Kamal Pizza. Nearby is Ahmedabad's only notable lake, Kankaria. Gita mandir in north maninagar is one of the largest Muslim areas in Maninagar

</doc>
<doc id="5990326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990326" title="Ottawa—Vanier (provincial electoral district)">
Ottawa—Vanier (provincial electoral district)

Ottawa—Vanier (formerly known as Ottawa East) is a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario since 1908.
It is composed of the eastern part of downtown Ottawa.
The riding is represented in the Legislative Assembly by Liberal Madeleine Meilleur. She defeated Conservative Bruce Poulin, who was acclaimed as the Ontario Progressive Conservative candidate for Ottawa-Vanier for the October 10, 2007 provincial election.
The riding, with a large Franco-Ontarian population in Vanier, Overbrook, Lower Town, and in adjoining neighbourhoods, has been one of the most solidly Liberal in the country in recent years, having elected Liberals both federally and provincially in every election since 1971.
A sizable minority of the riding is in the former city of Vanier, which was merged with Ottawa in 2000. Vanier has long been home to much of Ottawa's francophone population, but between 1992 and 2001, the size of this linguistic group has fallen by almost 50%. Since 2003, the population of the entire riding has fallen by almost 10% at a time when the rest of the nation's capital increased by approximately 5.2%. The riding now has the second oldest population in Ottawa.
In many ways the riding which used to be known as a French riding with an English face has become a largely English-speaking riding (65%) with a French face. The riding also contains the wealthiest part of Ottawa, Rockcliffe Park, which gives some support to the Progressive Conservatives, but also to the Liberals. The neighbourhoods with higher proportions of anglophone residents, including Sandy Hill and New Edinburgh also tend to vote Liberal, but with significant support for the Ontario New Democratic Party. The riding is characterized by below average voter turn-out and an annual loss of approximately 1% in voter support for the provincial Liberals since 1987 thereby reducing their support from approximately 74% to 50% (1987–2007).
Geography.
In 2003, it was redefined as the part of the City of Ottawa east and north of a line running south along the Rideau Canal from the interprovincial boundary to Mann Avenue, northeast to Nicholas Street, southeast to Highway No. 417, and east to the abandoned Canadian Pacific Railway to the hydroelectric transmission line, north to Innes Road, northeast to Blair Road, northwest to Montreal Road, east and northeast to Regional Road No. 174, northeast to Green's Creek, north to the Ottawa River.
History.
The provincial electoral district was created in 1908 as "Ottawa East". The name was changed to "Ottawa—Vanier" in 1999.
Members of the Legislative Assembly/Members of Provincial Parliament1.
This riding has elected the following members of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario:
1 In 1938, the title of members of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario was changed from "Members of the Legislative Assembly" (MLAs) to "Members of Provincial Parliament" (MPPs).

</doc>
<doc id="5990335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990335" title="Molch">
Molch

The Molch (German language: "newt" or "salamander") was an unsuccessful, one-man series of German midget submarines created during World War II. Built in 1944, it was the first mini-submarine of the "Kriegsmarine", but was not successful in combat operations and suffered heavy losses.
The Molch was based on torpedo technology, and carried two G7e torpedoes attached externally on either side of the craft. It was fully electrical and was created for coastal operations, with a range of at . The front section of the boat held a large battery. Behind the battery was the operator's position, which sat between two small trimming tanks. Behind the operator sat the electric motor. The complicated system of tanks made it difficult to control during combat operations. The first of 393 boats were delivered on June 12, 1944 and were built by AG Weser in Bremen.
The Molch were first used in the Mediterranean against the Allied "Operation Dragoon" in 1944. The submarines were a part of the "K-Verband 411" flotilla. On the night of September 25 they attacked Allied battleships, with the loss of ten out of the twelve Molch submarines in the flotilla. Shortly after, the remaining two were sunk by Allied warship bombardment off the Sanremo coast.
Other Molch flotillas were sent to the Netherlands in December 1944, but were also unsuccessful. From January to April 1945, Molch and Biber submarines went out on 102 sorties, losing seven of their own and sunk only seven small ships. Due to the ineffectiveness of the Molch in combat operations, it was later used as a training vessel for more advanced midget submarines.

</doc>
<doc id="5990339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990339" title="White Tee">
White Tee

"White Tee" is a 2004 song by Dem Franchize Boyz, which appeared on their debut album "Dem Franchize Boyz", released on So So Def Records and Universal Records.
Controversy.
An article in the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", which mentions the song, and the fashion statement, stated that after the release of the song, many clubs and school began to ban the use of white t-shirts on the basis that the shirts were associated with gangs.
Music video.
The video for the song begins with a faux news report by "Robert Watson" from Atlanta, who is holding a microphone with ""DFB"" on it. He is talking about waiting from a call from the governor, when his phone rings. He then tells the camera that he "just saved a bunch of money on wardrobe by switching to White Tee's", in reference to Geico commercials. The video then progresses into the song, where everyone is shown wearing white t-shirts as they perform numerous activities such as riding "quads", dancing on cars, skateboarding and riding bikes.
Remix.
The official remix features So So Def labelmates Jermaine Dupri & The Kid Slim, the remix is the last track (hidden track) off the group's next album, On Top of Our Game.

</doc>
<doc id="5990341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990341" title="Giuseppe Pulie">
Giuseppe Pulie

Giuseppe Pulie (born December 26, 1964) is a former Italian cross country skier who competed from 1988 to 1996. He won a silver medal in the 4 x 10km relay at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville.
Pulie's best finish at the Nordic skiing World Championships was 14th in the 10km event in 1991. His best finish in any race was 7th at a 1996 event in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="5990366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990366" title="In the Beauty of the Lilies">
In the Beauty of the Lilies

In the Beauty of the Lilies is a 1996 novel by John Updike. It takes its title from a line of the abolitionist song "The Battle Hymn of the Republic."
Summary.
Beginning in 1910 and ending in 1990, it covers four generations of the Wilmot family, tying its fortunes to both the decline of the Christian faith and the rise of Hollywood in twentieth century America. In her apprasial of Updike's work New York Times critic Michiko Kakutani wrote: "Mr. Updike’s stunning and much underestimated 1996 epic, “In the Beauty of the Lilies,” tackled an even wider swath of history his Rabbit Tetralogy. In charting the fortunes of an American family through some 80 years, the author showed how dreams, habits and predilections are handed down generation to generation, parent to child, even as he created a kaleidoscopic portrait of this country from its nervous entry into the 20th century to its stumbling approach to the millennium."
Part I.
The first section, set mainly in Paterson, New Jersey, is centered on Clarence Wilmot, a minister in his forties who abruptly loses his faith one very hot afternoon shortly before a dinner party. His loss of faith is presented as coinciding with the fainting spell of the 17 year old silent film actress Mary Pickford, who is at local landmark Lambert Castle making a film with D.W. Griffith. His decision to leave the ministry has serious social and financial consequences for his wife and three children, 16 year old Jared, 14 year old Esther and 10 year old Ted. Unable to find work suitable for a man of his education, Clarence is reduced to selling encyclopedias door to door, a job he performs poorly. Growing more and more depressed and withdrawn, he only finds solace in the nickelodeon cinemas of the time and dies prematurely.
Part II.
The remainder of Clarence's family moves to the small town of Basingstoke, Delaware to live with Clarence's sister Esther. This next section which covers the 1920s, focuses on Clarence's youngest son Ted. A quiet child, he grows up to be a diffident adult, much like his father. He gradually becomes involved with an equally shy young woman called Emily with a stunted and deformed foot whose family is socially looked down on, possibly because it is rumored her mother is part black. On their first date they see the Greta Garbo feature "Flesh and the Devil". (The film stars of the 1920s are frequently mentioned, but unlike his father, Ted takes little pleasure in movies, finding them exhausting and intrusive). His mother and Aunt Esther (Clarence's sister), disappointed with Ted's choice of Emily as a girlfriend and his general lack of ambition, sends him to stay with his older brother Jared in New York City. Jared has married the daughter of a bootlegger and is involved in shady schemes himself. Ted is uncomfortable with the job Jared finds for him as a rent collector in immigrant neighborhoods and feels out of place at the speakeasies Jared and his friends frequent. He decides to return home and marry Emily; his mother and aunt resign themselves to Ted's choice of a bride and find him a job as a postman which he works at contentedly for decades. His marriage to Emily proves emotionally and sexually fulfilling, and by the end of the second section they are the parents of a baby daughter named Esther.
Part III.
In the following section, Esther (nicknamed Essie) becomes the main protagonist. A beautiful and confident, if somewhat arrogant, little girl, she decides at a young age that she wants to be a movie star. She gets her first real break at eighteen when she agrees to a photo shoot with a photographer who noticed her at a beauty contest. He asks to photograph her topless and after hesitating, she agrees. Later she moves to New York City to stay with her wealthy cousin Patrick who has offered to further her career. Assuming that Patrick is expecting sexual favors from her, she tries to seduce him, but Patrick rebuffs her and later tells her he is a homosexual. Esther finds work modeling and gradually begins appearing in films, typically as a spunky girl next door similar to Judy Garland. Renamed Alma DeMott, She gradually becomes a minor celebrity. A number of actual Hollywood personalities from this time are featured, including Gary Cooper and Clark Gable who are two of her first co-stars. She has a brief affair with Gable, and Cooper gives her fatherly advice about acting. Harry Cohn also makes an appearance. At age 29, just when she is fearing her career is starting to decline, Alma becomes pregnant and gives birth to a son she names Clark, in honor of Clark Gable who is recently deceased. She makes a successful comeback in a series of musicals, but her son grows up neglected.
Part IV.
The final section focuses on Clark and jumps ahead to the late 1980s when he is an aimless young man halfheartedly working as a ski lift operator for his great uncle Jared in Colorado. The evening after an altercation with another employee, he meets a young woman called Hannah who invites him home with her. It turns out she lives in a religious commune, similar to that of the Branch Davidians. Clark agrees to stay on, partially out of aimlessness and attraction to Hannah, but also because the group's puritanical stance on modern American pop culture, particularly movies, appeals to him (ironically reversing the stance of his great grandfather who abandoned religion and embraced the newly born film industry). The group consists of several young adults and their children, led by the charismatic but controlling Jesse. Turning more and more away from modern American life, the group grows increasingly paranoid and isolated, refusing to send its children to school and shooting at a school bus driver. This eventually leads to a siege similar to that at Waco. Jesse orders Clark and the other adult male followers to shoot all the women and children; Clark however rebels and shoots Jesse instead. This action ends up saving most of the women and children, although Clark is shot and killed himself soon afterward. A number of Clark's relatives, including Ted (now a widower in his nineties) view the siege on the television news. Despite their shock and grief they are proud that the young man most of them had dismissed years ago as a loser has saved so many lives.

</doc>
<doc id="5990368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990368" title="USS Midnight">
USS Midnight

USS "Midnight" is the name of two ships in the service of the United States Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="5990373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990373" title="German submarine U-85">
German submarine U-85

U-85 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="5990375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990375" title="BEEB">
BEEB

BEEB was a short-lived, weekly, children's magazine centred on the BBC's most popular programmes at the time of its publication. It was published by Polystyle Publications and was created as a competitor to ITV's Look-in magazine. It lasted 20 issues between 29 January 1985 and 11 June 1985. There was no announcement in the last issue, or any resolution to the ongoing comic serials.

</doc>
<doc id="5990384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990384" title="Barbara Nichols">
Barbara Nichols

Barbara Marie Nickerauer (December 10, 1928 – October 5, 1976), better known as Barbara Nichols, was an American actress who often played brassy comic roles in a number of films in the 1950s and 1960s.
Early life and career.
Nichols was born as Barbara Marie Nickerauer in Queens, New York. She began modeling for pinup magazines in the late 1940s. In the mid-1950s, she moved to Hollywood and began appearing regularly in second leads in a number of films including "Miracle in the Rain" (1956), "The King and Four Queens" (1956), "The Naked and the Dead" (1958), "The Pajama Game" (1957), "Sweet Smell of Success" (1957), "That Kind of Woman" (1958), "Where the Boys Are" (1960).
On Broadway, she appeared in the 1952 revival of "Pal Joey" (she also appeared in the 1957 film version) and in "Let It Ride" (1961).
Nichols was a popular model in cheesecake magazines of the era and was considered a minor rival to Marilyn Monroe, along with Jayne Mansfield, Mamie Van Doren, Cleo Moore, Greta Thyssen, Diana Dors and Sheree North. Unlike the rest, Nichols rarely starred in films, but had showy supporting roles in A-films starring such actors as Clark Gable, Susan Hayward, Sophia Loren, and Doris Day. One of her few starring roles was in the 1965 science fiction film "The Human Duplicators". 
Nichols was also a frequent guest star on many television series including "It's a Great Life", "The Jack Benny Television Show", "The Twilight Zone" (in the episode "Twenty Two)", "The Untouchables", "The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters", "Going My Way", "Batman" (episodes 35 and 36), "Hawaii Five-O", and "The Beverly Hillbillies". Her final film was "Won Ton Ton, the Dog Who Saved Hollywood" in 1976.
Death.
Nichols died on October 5, 1976 from complications of a damaged spleen and liver which had initially occurred about twenty years earlier in an automobile accident. She is interred at Pinelawn Memorial Park in Farmingdale, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5990387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990387" title="James J. Hill House">
James J. Hill House

The James J. Hill House in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States, was built by railroad magnate James J. Hill. The house, completed in 1891, is near the eastern end of Summit Avenue near the Cathedral of Saint Paul. The house, for its time, was very large and was the "showcase of St. Paul" until James J. Hill's death in 1916. It is listed as a U.S. National Historic Landmark, operated by the Minnesota Historical Society. It is also a contributing property to the Historic Hill District.
The home has 36,000 square feet (3,344 square meters) of living area.
History.
Hill bought three lots on Summit Avenue in 1882, during an era when wealthy citizens were scrambling to build fashionable homes in the neighborhood. The street offered a commanding view of downtown St. Paul and the Mississippi River area, making it a highly desirable location. The family previously lived in the Lowertown area in St. Paul, near Ninth and Canada streets. As new warehouses and railroad tracks crowded the Lowertown residential area, and as Hill's collection of paintings and sculpture overflowed the house, the Hill family thought it was desirable to move. Hill also realized that recent improvements in home technology, such as electric lighting, plumbing, ventilation, and fireproofing, could be incorporated into a new home. Moreover, since Hill was becoming a socially prominent person in the community, a new home would stand as a tribute to his status as the "Empire Builder".
The house was designed by an East Coast architectural firm, Peabody, Stearns and Furber, at a time when other homes in the neighborhood were designed by local architects such as Clarence Johnston and Cass Gilbert. The house was designed in the Richardsonian Romanesque style, with a massive, rugged style featuring randomly sized blocks of stone, sturdy pillars, rounded arches, and a generally strong horizontal emphasis. Hill supervised the design and construction closely. As an example, when the Lewis Comfort Tiffany Company submitted designs for the stained glass windows, Hill replied that they were, ""anything but" what I want," and the job went to A.B. Cutter and Company of Boston. Later, in 1889, Hill fired the architects because they had overridden his orders to the stonecutters in Massachusetts, and hired the Boston firm of Irving and Casson to finish the project. The St. Paul Pioneer Press reviewed the house just before it was completed in 1891, saying:
Solid, substantial, roomy, and comfortable is the new home of James J. Hill and family. ... There has been no attempt at display, no desire to flaunt an advertisement of wealth in the eyes of the world. Just a family home... impressive, fine, even grand in the simplicity of design, but after all a St. Paul home.
Interior.
The interior features an art gallery that housed Hill's collection of painting and sculpture. It even had a pipe organ, installed after someone suggested to Hill that other wealthy people had pipe organs in their homes. The house had a hybrid system of gas and electric lighting, with rotary switches on the walls to turn on the electric lights. However, there were no electrical outlets installed, because during that era electricity was only used for lighting. The woodwork in the house is very intricate, with hand-carved woodworking in the central hallway, the formal dining room, and the music room. Other rooms in the house, particularly on the second floor where most of the family members lived, do not have hand carved woodwork, but the woodwork is still richly colored and nicely detailed.
The first floor, in addition to the art gallery, music room, hall, and formal dining room previously mentioned, also had a library, a drawing room, and Mr. Hill's home office. The second floor contained Mr. and Mrs. Hill's rooms, two guest rooms, and rooms for their five daughters, Gertrude, Rachel, Clara, Ruth, and Charlotte. The third floor contained rooms for their sons James, Walter, and Louis (who later succeeded his father as president of the Great Northern Railway). It also had a room that served as a gymnasium and school room for the children, as well as quarters for the servants.
Later history.
After James J. Hill died in 1916 and his wife died in 1921, the children eventually moved out. In 1925, four of the daughters purchased the house from the estate and donated it to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis. The church used it for the next fifty-three years as space for offices, residences, and a teacher's college for women. Fortunately, the church preserved it well and did not make any significant alterations, although most of the original furniture was sold during this period. In 1961, the United States Department of the Interior designated the house a National Historic Landmark. The Minnesota Historical Society acquired the house in 1978, after the Archdiocese consolidated its offices elsewhere. The house has been restored and is now open for tours.

</doc>
<doc id="5990391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990391" title="Elusive Isabel">
Elusive Isabel

Elusive Isabel is a novel by Jacques Futrelle first published in 1909. Set in Washington, D.C., it is a spy novel about an international conspiracy of the "Latin" countries against the English-speaking world with the aim to take over world control.
Plot summary.
The eponymous heroine, Isabel Thorne, is a young woman, half British, half Italian, who works for the Italian secret service and who has been commissioned to bring about the signing of the secret contract right in the capital of the enemy by representatives of all countries involved, both European and American. Her brother, an inventor, has devised a secret weapon by which missiles can be fired from submarines (see also depth charge) which will, it is hoped, secure military dominion over the rest of the world.
Members of the U.S. Secret Service, who have been alerted, are assigned to prevent the signing of this "Latin compact" and bring to justice those involved who have no diplomatic immunity. One young representative by the name of Grimm, however, although absolutely loyal to his government, falls in love with the beautiful foreign agent.
In the end Isabel Thorne, who reciprocates her admirer's love, becomes estranged from her employer, the Italian government, because she does not want Grimm, who has been captured by the conspirators and knows all their secrets, to be murdered. Stripped of all her power and possessions, she unites with him at the end of the novel, no longer elusive.
A trivial novel in its time, "Elusive Isabel" has been completely forgotten but can now be easily accessed via the Project Gutenberg web site.

</doc>
<doc id="5990395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990395" title="Antero Alli">
Antero Alli

Antero Alli was born 11 November 1952, in Finland. Alli currently resides in Berkeley, California, where he conducts workshops and stages theatrical productions, some of which have been released as films. Alli is also a professional astrologer and has authored books on experimental theatre, astrology and Timothy Leary's 8-circuit model of consciousness.
Film and theatrical work.
Alli refers to his thirty years of work in experimental theatre as "paratheatre", a term borrowed from the writings of Jerzy Grotowski. He conducts private workshops in the Bay Area, some of which have evolved into public productions and provided the material for his films.[http://www.paratheatrical.com/workings.html
Between 1976 and 1999, Alli wrote and directed a series of stageplays exploring mystical themes in "Circles" (1976), "Coronation at Stillnight" (1977), "The Conjunction" (1978), "Chapel Perilous" (1983), "Animamundi" (1989), and "Hungry Ghosts of Albion" (1999). Between 1992 and 2002 Antero co-curated the Nomad Film Festival, a Pacific coast touring venue featuring short experimental films and videos.[http://www.filmthreat.com/index.php?section=interviews&Id=9] Since 1993, Antero has redirected his focus to the creation of underground feature-length art films with mystical themes such as "The Oracle" (1993), "The Drivetime" (1995), "Tragos" (2001), "Hysteria" (2002), "Under a Shipwrecked Moon" (2003) and "The Greater Circulation" (2005), a cinematic treatment of Austrian poet Rainer Maria Rilke's "Requiem For a Friend."
Writing.
Alli's books span a number of subjects, but all share common themes with his paratheatrical efforts: archetypes, personal mythology and the use of ritual to transform consciousness. Like his colleague Rob Brezsny, Alli proposes a free will approach to astrology, which advocates providing clients with the information to make decisions instead of deterministic predictions. In "Towards an Archaeology of the Soul" (2003), Alli presents a detailed account of the theories and processes that go into his own paratheatrical creations.
Between 1991-95, Alli was editor/publisher of Talking Raven Quarterly, a Seattle-based literary journal featuring the writings of Robert Anton Wilson, Hakim Bey, and Rob Brezsny among others.[http://www.paratheatrical.com/pages/talkingraven/raven.html]
In Spring and Fall 2006, Alli taught a course on his book "AngelTech" at Robert Anton Wilson's Maybe Logic Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="5990399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990399" title="Jan Mayensfield">
Jan Mayensfield

Jan Mayensfield is an aerodrome serving Olonkinbyen in Jan Mayen, Norway. Operated by the Norwegian Armed Forces, it serves the island's only population at the combined military and meteorological station. It has a dirt runway numbered 06–24.
The airfield was built in connection with the LORAN-C transmitter at Olonkinbyen and was completed in 1960. Jan Mayensfield is served eight times per year by Lockheed C-130 Hercules aircraft of the 335 Squadron from Bodø Main Air Station, which provide supplies and change crew at the outpost. The nearby Beerenberg volcano can cause a Kármán wind, which creates difficult landing conditions.
History.
North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the Norwegian Armed Forces started construction of a military communications outpost at Olonkinbyen in 1958. At first a LORAN-A transmitter was built, followed by a LORAN-C transmitter in 1960. In August, it was announced that the island would receive an airfield to allow continual operation of the transmitter. Originally, the aerodrome consisted of a section of the island's dirt road. This was chosen to reduce the bureaucracy of construction. The first aircraft to land was a Consolidated PBY Catalina of the Royal Norwegian Air Force on 17 September 1960.
The first civilian aircraft was a Douglas DC-4 operated by Braathens SAFE, which landed with some journalists on board on 29 October 1961. Other early aircraft operating to Jan Mayen were the Grumman HU-16 Albatross and the Douglas DC-6. The head officer of the Norwegian military's communications division was later criticized by Chief of Defence Bjarne Øen, who concluded: "Gentlemen, I will not have any construction of airports on Norwegian soil by the Communications Division without the plans being presented to the Central Command."
In 1970, a sudden eruption in Beerenberg forced the immediate evacuation of the station. A Hercules was dispatched to the island and successfully landed on the strip. Thereafter the Hercules became the regular military aircraft at Jan Mayen. Aircraft gradually took over more of the transport to the island, and from 1973 all supplies except diesel and special freight was transported by ship. From 1975 the 333 Squadron would occasionally drop mail and supplies using the P-3 Orion as a supplement to the landings of the Hercules.
Facilities.
Jan Mayensfield's single regular service is the Royal Norwegian Air Force's Lockheed C-130 Hercules, which operate to the island eight times per year. The aircraft are part of the 335 Squadron, based at Gardermoen Air Station, although the flights from Jan Mayen operate from Bodø Main Air Station. The runway is not open for commercial traffic, although it can be used for research and search and rescue operations.
The dirt runway is being aligned 06–24. Jan Mayensfield has variable weather conditions, a lot of fog and often has a Kármán wind. The Kármán wind is created in the wake of the Beerenberg volcano, resulting in regular vortex streets and lee-waves. This can cause sudden change to the wind direction on the island.
Accidents and incidents.
In 1991, a C-130 Hercules aircraft from the Royal Norwegian Air Force almost crashed after take off due to Karman wind suddenly shifting.

</doc>
<doc id="5990405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990405" title="Peter Lown">
Peter Lown

Peter Lown (born May 29, 1947 in Bolton, Lancashire, England) is a former field hockey player.
Lown competed for Canada at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada. There the resident of Edmonton, Alberta finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5990408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990408" title="That's My Boy (1951 film)">
That's My Boy (1951 film)

"That's My Boy" is a 1951 film starring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis and marked the first time that Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis actually had "roles" as opposed to previous efforts in which they played an extension of their nightclub act. It was released on May 13, 1951 by Paramount Pictures.
Plot.
Junior Jackson (Jerry Lewis) is the nerdy son of a former All-American football hero, Jarring Jack Jackson (Eddie Mayehoff). His mother (Ruth Hussey) is another former star athlete, having been a champion Olympic swimmer. Junior is something of a disappointment to his father, who has a difficult time understanding how two athletes could produce such a weakling.
Junior is more interested in animal husbandry than sports, but his father has other plans. In exchange for free tuition to college, Bill Baker (Dean Martin) makes a deal with Jarring Jack to turn his son into a football star.
Junior somehow makes the team, in addition to falling for beautiful co-ed Terry Howard (Marion Marshall). He is too shy to talk to her, however, so she winds up falling for Bill. Some misadventures follow, including Junior scoring a touchdown—for the opposite team.
To keep up the ruse (and free education), Bill and Terry continue to support Junior and build his new-found confidence. Junior confides to Bill that he intends to marry Terry, so a guilt-ridden Bill gets drunk and makes a scene at Terry's dorm. As a result, he is expelled.
Junior, finding out the truth about Bill and Terry, is determined to make things right. He goes on to win the big game single-handedly and lives up to his father's expectations, who proudly exclaims, "That's my boy!"
Production.
"That's My Boy" was filmed from December 6, 1950 through January 10, 1951. Location scenes were at Occidental College in northeast Los Angeles.
Spin-off.
A single-season CBS television series based on this film aired from 1954-1955, with Mayehoff reprising his role as Jarring Jack Jackson. Gil Stratton played "Junior" Jackson, and Rochelle Hudson was cast as the wife and mother, Alice Jackson.
DVD release.
The film was included on an eight-film DVD set, the "Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis Collection: Volume One", released on October 31, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5990416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990416" title="Jacky Lee">
Jacky Lee

Jacky Lee was an American quarterback who played college football at the University of Cincinnati after playing football at Akron Ellet High School, and professional football in the American Football League (AFL, 1960–1969). In 1960, he was the first-round draft choice of the American Football League's Houston Oilers, where he backed up George Blanda in the Oilers' 1960 and 1961 AFL Championship seasons, and Len Dawson in the Kansas City Chiefs' 1969 AFL and World Championship season. He was one of only twenty men who played in each of the ten years of the AFL's existence. Lee retired in 1969 after dislocating his shoulder.

</doc>
<doc id="5990427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990427" title="Nigel Dempster">
Nigel Dempster

Nigel Richard Patton Dempster (1 November 1941 in Calcutta, India – 12 July 2007 in Ham, Surrey) was a British journalist, author, broadcaster and diarist. Best known for his celebrity gossip columns in newspapers, his work appeared in the "Daily Express" and "Daily Mail" and also in "Private Eye" magazine. At his death, the editor of the "Daily Mail" Paul Dacre was reported as saying: "His scoops were the stuff of legend and his zest for life inexhaustible".
Career.
The son of an Australian mining engineer, who was fifty when Dempster was born, and an English mother, he was educated at Sherborne School in Dorset. After gaining three O-levels, he was ultimately expelled at 16 for being a "disruptive influence" after several misdemeanours.
After short periods working in the City and in public relations, Dempster joined the "Daily Express" in 1963 and remained at the title until 1971. Here he was a contributor to the 'William Hickey' column, and used his contacts to gain stories about the aristocracy and other public figures. He was then on the staff of the "Daily Mail" from 1971 to 2003, where he was initially deputy to Paul Callan, but replaced him as the newspaper's diarist in 1973. While Dempster was sometimes inaccurate, for instance dismissing suggestions that Prince Charles would marry Lady Diana Spencer, he forecast in 1975 that Harold Wilson would soon resign as Prime Minister, three months before he did so in 1976. Supposedly this took everyone by surprise, but a contact of Dempster's had overheard the Foreign Secretary James Callaghan discussing it. Dempster was also close to Princess Margaret, despite breaking news of her liaison with Roddy Llewellyn.
Dempster also wrote for "Private Eye" from 1969, where he was responsible with Peter McKay for the "Grovel" column, but left in 1985, shortly before Ian Hislop succeeded Richard Ingrams as editor. In "Grovel", Dempster was able to include material which could not be published elsewhere, and the column was the location of the first articles in the "Eye" to which James Goldsmith took exception. According to Hislop, Dempster fell out with the publication because he felt (in common with colleague Auberon Waugh) that he should be editor instead of Hislop. The differences allegedly began over an article making false accusations concerning the Conservative politician Cecil Parkinson and his new secretary (after Sara Keays) in "Eye" 606. The issue had to be reprinted (606A) after a court action with the offending and inaccurate item omitted. According to another source it ended when Dempster revealed that Richard Ingrams' marriage was in serious difficulties; Ingrams, an admirer, had previously called Dempster the "greatest living Englishman". As a result of the differences with "Private Eye" Dempster was nicknamed 'Nigel Pratt-Dumpster' whenever he was subsequently mentioned, and became a frequent target of parody by the magazine. After he left the "Eye", he began writing his column for the "Mail on Sunday" in 1986, and thus it now appeared seven days a week.
Reportedly a difficult colleague, Dempster missed out on scoops about Diana, Princess of Wales, and even boasted at one point that he had not met her, according to his "Daily Telegraph" obituary. He began to drink more, with several incidents involving police breathalysers, and wrote less; his columns had actually been the work of four people rather than Dempster alone. In the view of observers, Dempster's column in his last years lost its bite, and in his industry he was considered something of a relic: "by now a brand rather than a journalistic asset". Paul Dacre, who succeeded Sir David English as editor of the "Mail" in 1992, reportedly held a low opinion of Dempster's column, and revived the 'Ephraim Hardcastle' feature, under the responsibility of Dempster's old colleague on the "Eye" Peter McKay, in 1996.
Dempster retired from editing the "Daily Mail" and "Mail on Sunday" diaries bearing his name in 2003 and lived with Lady Camilla Dempster, his ex-wife, who helped nurse him through the effects of progressive supranuclear palsy, a nervous disorder with some characteristics of Parkinson's Disease.
Personal life.
Dempster married, in 1971 (divorced 1974), Countess Emma Magdalen de Bendern, a daughter of Count John Gerard de Bendern and the former Lady Patricia Sybil Douglas.
He married Lady Camilla Osborne in 1977 (divorced 2002). She was the former wife of Robert John Brownlow Harris and was the daughter of John Osborne, 11th Duke of Leeds and his second wife, Audrey Young, a painter. By his second marriage, Dempster had a stepdaughter, Emily Kate Godolphin Harris (born 1972), and a daughter, Louisa Beatrix Dempster (born 1979).
On 29 May 2004 Dempster converted to Roman Catholicism at the Brompton Oratory in London. He had been taking instruction for seven months prior to this and was a regular member of the congregation. Dempster died on the 12 July 2007. According to his biographer, Tim Willis: "At his funeral, the priest declared that Dempster might have to spend a million years in purgatory — and paused just long enough to shock the congregation, before adding that, in eternity, a million years would pass in the snap of a finger."

</doc>
<doc id="5990434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990434" title="Look-in">
Look-in

Look-in was a long-running children's magazine centred around ITV's television programmes in the United Kingdom, and subtitled "The Junior "TVTimes"". It ran from 9 January 1971 to 12 March 1994. Briefly, in 1985, a BBC-based rival appeared called "BEEB", and later in 1989, "Fast Forward", which went on to outsell "Look-in".
Format.
"Look-in" had interviews, crosswords and competitions, and it had pictures and pin-ups of TV stars and pop idols of the time. Its main feature however was the many comic strips of the favourite children's television programmes. These included "Battlestar Galactica", "Follyfoot", "The Tomorrow People", "The Six Million Dollar Man", "Charlie's Angels", "Worzel Gummidge", "Knight Rider", "The A-Team" and "Robin of Sherwood".
When the magazine started, it was edited by Alan Fennell and the strips were written by Angus Allan. Fennell left in 1975, and the art editor, Colin Shelborn took over as editor. The covers in the 1970s were paintings by Arnaldo Putzu, an Italian working in London who created many cinema posters in the 1960s; among them were designs to publicise the Carry On films. His "Look-in" covers were mostly painted using acrylics.
Introduced mainly as a vehicle for children to find out what was on ITV, it included highlight listings for each ITV region, of programmes likely to appeal to its target market, but "Look-in" became more than that, it was at the hub of every fashion throughout its run, things like Skateboarding, BMX and YoYoing all had their profiles raised and became more popular through "Look-in". Although primarily a television magazine, it also often featured articles on sport such as "On The Ball" with Brian Moore, as well as science articles written by Peter Fairley. DJ Ed Stewart became a regular face in "Look-in", appearing in the first issue in a feature about a day in his life, he was later given his own pages called 'Stewpot's Newsdesk' which ran until 1980. Alan Fennell who edited Look-in wrote episodes for most of Gerry Anderson's series.
After television, the next biggest topic featured was pop music. This usually comprised interview articles and pull-out pin-ups of the top acts of the day, from ABBA and Bay City Rollers in the 1970s to BROS in the 1980s. Picture strips on pop groups featured life stories on ABBA and The Beatles (among others) and went on to become original adventures stories for groups such as Madness and Bucks Fizz.
In September 1981 "Look-in" changed its look, adopting a new logo and with photo covers replacing the cover paintings. By the late 1980s, the comic was struggling to compete with glossier teen magazines and sales were dropping. By the early 1990s, "Look-in" was catering for a younger age group by featuring picture strip stories based on cartoons and short and choppy fact-file type articles. The final issue was published in 1994.
During its run, "Look-in" annuals and Summer Special issues were released each year. In 2007 Carlton Books published a compilation reprint; "Best of the Seventies", under their Prion and Sevenoaks imprints. This was followed-up by a "Best of the Eighties" the following year.
Picture strips.
The mainstay of "Look-In" was the picture strips. The following is a selected list of various strips featured...
TELEVISION BASED
MUSIC BASED
MISCELLANEOUS

</doc>
<doc id="5990437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990437" title="Boodikka">
Boodikka

Boodikka is a fictional character featured in comic books published by DC Comics. Boodikka is a tall, well-muscled humanoid alien female with pink skin and reddish black hair. Her name is a play on the ancient British warrior-queen Boudica.
Fictional character biography.
At three centuries of age, the warrior Boodikka of the planet Bellatrix was originally recruited by the sphere-like Chaselon of Barrio III to join the then-reconstituted Green Lantern Corps. Not long before, Boodikka had belonged to something called the "Bellatrix Bombers", a group of women mercenaries for hire by planets to clear the spaceways of hostile forces. The "Bellatrix Bombers" had broken up at some point, the majority of the team apparently having been killed along the way.
Initially Hal Jordan was dismayed and otherwise put off by Boodikka's inherently aggressive attitude. Nevertheless, despite this, Kilowog, a renowned trainer in the Corps – the first trainer of Jordan himself – (the original "Green Lantern: Emerald Dawn)", was only too eager to train someone so challenging and gave her his recommendation as a candidate. Jordan, it seemed, did indeed reject her. Things moved quickly at this point, and Boodikka soon found herself thrust into battle with Star Sapphire. She and the rest of the Corps joined in the fight against Hal's one-time love, the mercenary Flicker, and an entire Teban convoy.
Some time later, new recruits of the Green Lantern Corps were shown the Book of Oa, a book kept by the Guardians of the Universe which told tales of Green Lanterns past, present, and future. They learned stories which would help them be better Green Lanterns. Kilowog spent time with the recruits, telling them more stories of the Corps during their training. The new members had this training disrupted when they went to Earth to help free Hal Jordan from the influence of the villain Eclipso. They were no match for the eclipsed Jordan and Star Sapphire. Eclipso managed to escape the Corps and soon they returned to Oa. Guy Gardner was awarded a ring by the Guardians of the Universe to act as temporary Green Lantern of Space Sector 2814.
She would quickly prove to be a skilled power ring wielder, a worthwhile addition to the Green Lantern Corps. Nevertheless, her problem with authority and authority figures would still pose a continuing problem. She was often at odds with Kreon of Tebis, another new recruit to the Corps. As the former Chieftain of the Teban battle fleet, he was used to discipline and military precision. Their infighting had even jeopardized Oa and the Guardians during a Qwardian invasion. Guy Gardner had returned to Oa to take the yellow power ring of Sinestro. Without Kilowog to guide them, the Green Lanterns were in chaos. Their trainer had gone to Earth to help free Hal from Eclipso. Gardner fought the Qwardians where the Green Lanterns could not.
Kreon.
Kreon and Boodikka came to blows when the rival Green Lantern criticized her for being an undisciplined fighter. Kilowog then separated them, but their disagreement seemed to be spreading amongst the rest of the Corps with sides being drawn between male and female recruits. Running out of options, Kilowog brought the two squabbling Green Lanterns to John Stewart as a "guest lecturer" in cooperation and tolerance. Stewart could not teach the two Green Lanterns to like each other, but he could teach them to need each other. Taking the initiative he performed a mind scan on the two recruits and somehow exchanged their consciousnesses. The two Green Lanterns were taken one step out of reality.
Soon, each came face to face with their ultimate fears. The fear of Kreon was represented by "Mama Denata" and seemed to represent his fear of the uncontrollable. Boodikka's fear was "the Chain Men" which represented the suffocation she felt by authoritative restraints. The two – independently – seemed to be unable to directly fight their fears. Instead, the two had no choice but to learn to work together or be defeated. Boodikka had no problem handling Kreon's nemesis and called upon him to return the favor and defeat "Mama Denata" and assist her. Kreon also did not suspect he would have much trouble with "the Chain Men" and accepted Boodikka's offer. The two rivals exchanged nemeses and were triumphant... and a newfound respect was born.
Boodikka never lost her love of battle. She eagerly fought against the incarnation of Entropy, even though the encounter then-seemed to mean certain death. Boodikka proved to have come a long way as a Green Lantern, then working as a team with the other members of the Corps to defeat Entropy.
In a space sector far removed from our own galaxy, Boodikka was assigned to investigate the deaths of multiple alien races. These numerous races had suddenly destroyed themselves in an apparent mass-suicide, environmental destruction, or otherwise massive wars. Upon arriving on a world already in the midst of tearing itself apart, Boodikka encountered Guy Gardner. He and his colleagues, the "Gardners of the Universe," had been dispatched to solve the same problem as Boodikka.
Guy sought to prove to his leadership abilities to his team of super-powered aliens from across known space. It was not long until Gardner got into an altercation with the Green Lantern. It was during this fight that Guy realized his yellow ring was powered by the energy of the Green Lanterns' power rings. Fully charged then, Gardner's yellow power ring enabled him to recognize the true threat. Created in the anti-matter universe of Qward, his power ring negated the mental block of the real attackers. Gardner used his ring to free the others from their trance. He would learn the true story from a native.
Boodikka's respite would not last long. An alien race called the had come to cleanse known space. On two occasions in their sordid past they had been nearly annihilated by alien invaders – then since confining themselves to eradicating all other life in the universe to insure their pseudo-religious quest would never again be in harm's way. The Ophidians would entrance their victims before causing them to fight amongst themselves all the way to extinction. As the Ophidian ship managed to elude them, Boodikka and Gardner had to join their minds together to achieve the speed needed to overtake them. When they reached the ship, it exploded. Whether this was a result of feedback from the two fighting off the mind control or self-destruction, is unknown. The pair now had no way to find the Ophidian's homeworld. After the battle, Boodikka called upon the Guardians of the Universe to consult in the matter of recovering Gardner's Qwardian power ring. The Guardians, however, had determined Gardner was working toward the same ends they were. Although they would be watching Gardner, they decided not to act on Gardner for the time being.
A fierce warrior, Boodikka was well-versed in many combative arts including the use of short-swords, handguns, and explosives. Often she would visit her own mother for combat. On Bellatrix, this was considered a good time. Boodikka's own grandmother had been killed by her own daughter. Arisia, a former Green Lantern of Graxos IV and onetime love of Hal Jordan, told this story to Justice Leaguers Power Girl, Doctor Light, and Maya when they inquired about women in the Green Lantern Corps.
At one point the Green Lantern Corps were called upon to help Hal Jordan on the planet Maltus. He had been fighting the Maltusian gods known as the Triarch and was also under attack by the Darkstars and the L.E.G.I.O.N. Boodikka was as smitten as any Bellatrix women would be regarding the fighting prowess of Lobo, bounty hunter and L.E.G.I.O.N. operative. The two stopped in mid-fight and went "somewhere" at Lobo's suggestion for a formidable love-making session that would last some time. Lobo did not take kindly to interruptions, and the two of them missed the entire fight.
Adding to her existing duties, Boodikka eventually became a kind of recruiter for the Corps. In her search she would encounter Barin, a young soldier of a kindred warrior species who she believed would prove to be an asset to her brethren. As events would turn out, Barin was not quite at a point where he was ready to fight solo. Upon his first outing alone he was quickly besieged by a kind of space mongrels. Overwhelmed, Barin went into shock. Kilowog found him in a comatose state. The would-be Lantern was brought to Oa where he was connected to life support systems. Since the destruction of Oa by both the Parallax-ridden Hal Jordan and its resurrection by Kyle Rayner, Barin's ultimate fate remains unknown.
Emerald Twilight and beyond.
Her next mission was to stop Hal Jordan from reaching Oa during "Emerald Twilight" by the direct order of the Guardians of the Universe. Although she fought well, she was no match for Jordan's willpower. Because she was unwilling to give up her ring freely, Jordan severed Boodikka's hand to take her ring from it. Jordan left her floating in space, who continued on towards Oa where he would soon become Parallax entirely. Jordan later mentioned that he had left Boodikka, along with the other Green Lanterns he had confronted on the way to Oa, with "enough power to survive" even after taking their rings.
Later it was revealed that Boodikka had indeed survived, joining "The Brotherhood of the Cold Flame" on the planet Xudar with other former Green Lanterns to find the means to atone for the crimes of Hal Jordan during "Emerald Twilight". ""After the utter rape and destruction of our brothers and sisters in the Corps, we survivors found one another and pledged an oath – to bind together in honor of the fallen, doing all that we could to heal the scars of the past,"" she told Tom Kalmaku, the longtime confidant of Hal Jordan. The Brotherhood of the Cold flame, using the spirit of the deceased Kilowog, created the "Dark Lantern," an instrument of their vengeance against Boodikka's wishes.
Boodikka was later discovered by Hal Jordan and Guy Gardner on the Manhunter homeworld of Biot, in a state of suspended animation with other Green Lanterns – including Ke'Haan, Laira, Kreon, Graf Toren, Jack T. Chance, and Hannu the Lost Lanterns – Hal Jordan had left for dead during "Emerald Twilight." At some point in time the Manhunters, in concert with Hank Henshaw, had gathered up these former Green Lanterns, put them into suspended animation, and used their energies as a battery to create more advanced Manhunters. Strangely, upon being freed from her slumber Boodikka seemed shocked that she no longer had her hand, and following commentary implied her last conscious memory was of fighting the Parallax-possessed Hal Jordan despite having lived some time after her maiming (and free of any kind of captivity) on Xudar as part of the "Brotherhood of the Cold Flame". How or why Boodikka was captured while on Xudar (assuming she still remained there) remains unknown. During the confrontation with the Manhunters, Kreon dies and his ring chooses Boodikka. She resumes her duties in the Green Lantern Corps, replacing her lost hand with an emerald one fueled by her Power Ring energies.
Boodikka and her fellow Lost Lanterns kept their distance from Hal Jordan, until Parallax (in the form of Kyle Rayner) brought him to Qward, and they followed, knowing that "The Corps doesn't abandon its own". When Parallax killed Chance, she attempted to vaporise him, which her ring recognised as an illegal action, consequently shutting down, leaving her helpless. Boodikka then went with Ke'Haan and Laira to find Ion, deep beneath Qward. Instead, they run into the Anti-Monitor. Ke'Haan was killed, but the others managed to rescue Ion, and return to Oa. At the same time, the Guardians had rewritten the Book of Oa, allowing Lanterns to use lethal force, returning control of the ring to Boodikka.
Post-Sinestro Corps War.
Boodikka became a member of the Alpha Lanterns, an internal policing force within the Corps itself, soon after the Sinestro War and the enactment of the Second Law of the Book of Oa. The Alpha Lanterns make sure that no Corps member performs an illegal action using a power ring. Each Alpha Lantern receives a second power ring and receives direct connections to the Book of Oa's Laws and the Central Power Battery. However, the process involves surgical alteration into a hybrid of the individual recruit's biological form and updated Manhunter technology. In other words, Alpha Lanterns are cyborgs.
Boodikka and the Alpha Lanterns are seen in "Final Crisis". Fellow Alpha Lantern Kraken is revealed to be taken over by Granny Goodness during Hal Jordan's trial after the Alphas had arrested Hal for the murder of Orion.
Brightest Day.
Alpha Lantern Boodikka is shown to have been controlled by Cyborg Superman. As she attacks Kyle Rayner, Soranik Natu, and John Stewart, Green Lantern member Hannu ambushes her and manages to damage her severely. This temporarily frees her from Cyborg Superman's control and she instructs the other Lanterns to recharge the battery with the energy she has absorbed. Her fellow Lanterns are able to repair her enough for her to fight, and she joins in the attack on the Cyborg Superman's base. During the battle, the Cyborg's body is destroyed, and his consciousness attempts to take control of Boodikka's body. Boodikka's consciousness fights back, defeating him. On her return to Oa, Boodikka is made a member of the Lantern Honor Guard, her emotions restored due to the way she was freed from the Cyborg's control. However, Ganthet noted immediately that there was something different about her. Boodikka asserts this is because Ganthet's newly discovered emotions allowed her to be who she is (Boodikka's true self, now in control of her body again), not what she is (an Alpha Lantern).
Reign of Doomsday.
Boodikka later appears at the remains of the destroyed planet New Krypton, where she encounters Batman and Supergirl of the Justice League. Boodikka explains that the Guardians had sent her on a mission to survey the ruins as a follow-up to the initial Green Lantern Corps inspection of the planet that took place during the "World of New Krypton" storyline. Suddenly, the heroes are attacked by Doomsday, who strikes Boodikka across the back before she has a chance to react. Due to her injuries, Boodikka is unable to effectively wield her ring, and is nearly captured by the creature before being rescued by Supergirl. With Starman and Saint Walker of the Blue Lantern Corps serving as a distraction, Batman and Supergirl are able to get the injured Boodikka to the JLA Watchtower. Doomsday follows them aboard, and just as he is about to attack them, Cyborg Superman emerges from Boodikka's body and states that Doomsday attacked Boodikka and the JLA members in order to get to him.
After Doomsday captures Supergirl and Cyborg Superman and then flees the Watchtower, Starman mentions that Boodikka is healing herself in the JLA medical facility, and that she should soon have enough energy to return to Oa.
Following the "War of the Green Lanterns" storyline, Boodikka and the Alpha Lanterns were killed by Alpha Lantern Varix that who felt that the Alpha Lanterns were being corrupted into judgement against John Stewart during his trial, Varix then killed himself. Afterwards, the bodies of Alpha Lanterns were interned on Oa.

</doc>
<doc id="5990470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990470" title="Darryl Bootland">
Darryl Bootland

Darryl Bootland (born November 2, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right wing currently with the Allen Americans of the Central Hockey League.
Playing career.
Bootland was drafted 252nd overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft by the Colorado Avalanche from the Toronto St. Michael's Majors of the Ontario Hockey League. After his final year in the OHL, Bootland signed with the Detroit Red Wings as a free agent to a three-year contract on August 29, 2002. 
Bootland made his NHL debut with the Red Wings in the 2003–04 season, recording two points (1–1–2) and 74 PIM in 22 games. Bootland spent the next three years with the Red Wings affiliate, the Grand Rapids Griffins of the AHL before getting recalled by the Red Wings on March 5, 2007, playing in 6 games. 
On July 6, 2007, Bootland signed with the New York Islanders. He appeared in 4 games with the Islanders before he was traded to the Anaheim Ducks in exchange for Matt Keith on January 9, 2008.
On October 7, 2008, Bootland signed a 25 Game Professional Tryout Agreement with the Manitoba Moose of the AHL. On December 15, 2008, Bootland signed with Salzburg EC in Austria. 
On September 2, 2009, Bootland signed with the Kalamazoo Wings of the ECHL. Darryl was signed to the Wings by his brother Nick, who was the Wings Director of Hockey Operations and Head Coach. While starting the 2009–10 season with the Wings, Bootland then signed for a second try-out stint with the Moose. Upon his return to Kalamazoo Bootland left again for Austria, signing with the Vienna Capitals on February 1, 2010.
The following season, Darryl continued his journeyman career, by returning to the Islanders minor-league affiliates in accepting a try-out to the Bridgeport Sound Tigers training camp. On October 1, 2010, he was assigned and signed with the Islanders CHL affiliate, the Odessa Jackalopes for the 2010–11 season.
After returning to the Kalamazoo Wings for the 2011–12 season, Bootland produced his best numbers since 2006, scoring 53 points in 67 contests. A free agent, Bootland opted for a second stint in the CHL, signing a one-year contract with the Allen Americans on July 25, 2012.
Personal.
Darryl's older brother Nick played for Kalamazoo in the New IHL in 2007-08. Nick was named Head Coach and Director of Hockey Operations for the Kalamazoo K-Wings on 5/29/2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5990473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990473" title="The Regent's School">
The Regent's School

The Regent's School, Bangkok is a British International School which offers British and international education to students aged 3 up to 18 (Nursery to Year 13). Most of the students are day students but 10% of the student population make up the boarding community as it is also a boarding school. The school itself is situated in the capital city of Thailand near Rama 9 with the boarding house situated close by. It has a sister campus in the UK known as The Regent's School, UK, at Riddlesworth Hall School. 
History.
The Regent’s School, Bangkok was established in 1999, by Dr. Virachai Techavijit after he founded The Regent's School, Pattaya 4 years before. The school The UK Campus is the result of equity participation by Dr. Virachai. Both schools have boarding facilities. 
Accreditation.
The school is accredited internationally by CfBT, and nationally by ONESQA.
Demographics.
Of the students currently enrolled, there are over 50 nationalities. Last majority of teachers and boarding staff are British. There are also Australian, New Zealand, Canadian and American staff. All are first language English speakers except for Thai, Mandarin, Spanish and French language teachers.
Memberships.
The school is a member of FOBISSEA (Federation of British International Schools in South East Asia), CIS (Council of International Schools) and BSA (British Boarding School Association). The holistic curriculum is derived in part from the membership of Round Square and the IDEALS of internationalism, democracy, environmental, adventure, leaderships and service.
Curriculum.
The Regent’s School’s study programme is based on the English National Curriculum, leading to IGCSE (International General Certificate of Secondary Education.) Then the International Baccalaureate diploma in the sixth form. The Regent’s is an official test centre for CIE (Cambridge International Examinations) and for Edexcel.

</doc>
<doc id="5990489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990489" title="Farthing Common">
Farthing Common

Farthing Common is an area of common land about 10 km northwest of Folkestone in East Kent. It is one of the highest points of the North Downs at 185 metres above sea level, and was the junction of the ancient trackway along the Downs from Folkestone, with the Roman road (now the B2068 Stone Street) between Lympne and Canterbury.
From the common there are extensive views across Kent and on a clear day it is possible to see as far as the Cliffs at Fairlight in Sussex and even the South Downs. Just east of Farthing Common are Postling Downs which is a rich area of semi-improved chalk grassland with a variety of plant species including orchids.
Farthing Common saw the final King of the Mountains climb during the first stage of the 2007 Tour de France, which was held in Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="5990496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990496" title="Ooh, Aah &amp; You">
Ooh, Aah &amp; You

Ooh, Aah & You was a series of short programs for children which aired during the Playhouse Disney line up. They were a pair of monkey puppets. This series of short skits debuted in July 2005. On March 31, 2007, they became the official hosts of Playhouse Disney. They introduced the various long format (22 minute) and short format (1-3 minute) shows that aired on the network.
It completed its run on February 13, 2011, the day before Disney Junior debuted, meaning that the short programs and mascots were eliminated all together and reruns of segments were removed completely. After the daily sign-off was presented for the very last time on that day, the mascots were removed from Disney Junior completely for the time being. It was considered to be a lost television series since it was never to be found anywhere because it was never picked up by Disney Junior. The segments and short programs of the show were briefly seen on Disney Junior's official website as part of its "Fan Favorites" week on the week of July 18, 2011. It currently airs on Disney Junior: The Channel every weekday morning at 10:55 a.m. ET or 11:25 a.m. ET.
Characters.
Marty Stelnick Season 1 and Later Simon Kennday Season 2 as Ooh, Aah's older brother the calm blue monkey, loves to read and listen to classical music.
Jason Hopley Season 1 and Later Matt Moore Season 2 as Aah, Ooh's younger brother the hyper red monkey, loves to dance, sing, and play.
Episode List (According To Youtube).
1. Happy Monkey January 1 2007 Long Format
2. Loud & Quiet January 12 2007 Short Format
3. Banana Power February 6 2007 Short Format
4. I Spy Bananas February 16 2007 Short Format
5. Halloween March 30 2007 Long Format
6. Ooh's Birthday May 25 2007 Long Format
7. Coconut Song June 8 2007 Long Format
8. Monkercise June 29 2007 Short Format
9. Monkey Dance August 3 2007 Short Format
10. Monkey See, Monkey Do August 17 2007 Short Format
11. Monkey In The Middle September 4 2007 Short Format
12. Twinkle Twinkle September 28 2007 Short Format
13. Banana Day January 30 2007 Short Format
14. Cowboy Day October 12 2007 Long Format
15. Penguins & Elephants November 21 2007 Short Format
16. Hide And Seek December 21 2007 Short Format
17. Valentine's Day January 25 2008 Long Format
18. Friendship Day February 1 2008 Long Format
19. Pretend Fleas February 13 2011 Short Format
20. Pirate Day

</doc>
<doc id="5990502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990502" title="M. Vasalis">
M. Vasalis

M. Vasalis (The Hague, 13 February 1909- Roden 16 October 1998) was a Dutch poet and psychiatrist. M. Vasalis is the pseudonym of Margaretha Droogleever Fortuyn-Leenmans. Vasalis is her Latinized maiden name.
Vasalis studied medicine and anthropology at Leiden University and in 1939 established herself as psychiatrist in Amsterdam. Later she worked in the same function in Assen.
Vasalis made her debut in 1940 with the collection 'Parken en woestijnen' (‘Parks and Deserts’). Her other poetry collections are 'De vogel Phoenix' (‘The Bird Phoenix’) from 1947 and 'Vergezichten en gezichten' (‘Views and Faces’) from 1954. Vasalis wrote some essays and a short story. Vasalis' work has been awarded multiple times.
She wrote traditional poems that were often characterized by the use of personification and anthropomorphism. Her poems often, after a series of nature impressions, end in a self-reflection.
Works.
1940 - Onweer, in Drie Novellen, met J. Campert en E. Eewijck
1940 - Parken en woestijnen
1945 - Fragmenten uit een journaal, in Criterium
1947 - De vogel Phoenix
1952 - Naar aanleiding van Atonaal, in Libertinage
1954 - Vergezichten en gezichten, een bloemlezing van verzen
1958 - Kunstenaar en verzet
1960 - De dichter en de zee, bloemlezing
1964 - (S)teken aan de wand, in Raam, toespraak
1977 - Dankwoord bij de uitreiking van de C. Huygensprijs 1974, in Literama
1982 - Het ezeltje, facsimile
1983 - Pijn, waarvoor geen naam bestaat, juryrapport over enkele gedichten van de Nederlandse auteur Bunnik
1984 - Dankwoord bij de aanvaarding van de P.C. Hooftprijs 1982
2002 - De oude kustlijn, nagelaten gedichten, op haar verzoek uitgegeven door haar kinderen op basis van haar eigen commentaar

</doc>
<doc id="5990508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990508" title="Méthode pour la Guitare">
Méthode pour la Guitare

__NOTOC__
The Méthode pour la Guitare is a method for the classical guitar originally written in French by guitarist and composer Fernando Sor.
The method was written with the "early romantic guitar" in mind (Sor mentions some 19th-century guitar-builders: J. Panormo, Schroeder of Petersburg, Alonso of Madrid, Pages and Benitez of Cadiz, Joseph and Manuel Martinez of Malaga, Rada, and Lacôte of Paris), but it is not only about instrumental technique, but also includes details about the theory of scales, harmony, sonority, composition, and above all music as an art.
French and German edition.
The first edition was in French and appeared in Paris in 1830 with the title of ‘’’’ Brian Jeffery (the modern publisher of A. Merrick's old English translation) mentions: ""It is the only version known to have Sor’s direct authority. Now extremely rare, it was never reprinted; indeed, an early biographer of Sor (Baltasar Saldoni in his Diccionario de Efemérides de Músicos Españoles, I, Madrid, 1868) says (he does not state on what authority) that Sor destroyed the plates."" During the same period Simrock in Bonn had brought out a parallel French and German edition: "Méthode pour la guitare = Guitarre-Schule (Bonn : N. Simrock, 1831)".
English Edition.
The English edition is a translation from the original in French made by A. Merrick, the organist of Cirencester, and published in London by Cocks & Co. probably in 1832, as ""Method for the Spanish Guitar"". (It is interesting that the French and German versions do not carry the word ""Spanish"" in the title). This version is today available from Brian Jeffery's Tecla Editions.
Brian Jeffery mentions: ""Later in the century, in 1897, Frank Mott Harrison published in London a Method for the Guitar by Ferdinando Sor, a work of small value which says (of course wrongly) that the original was written in Spanish.""
Coste's adapted and augmented version.
After Sor’s death, Napoléon Coste, one of his pupils, published a revision of the original called (alt.). Matanya Ophee states that in Coste's revised and augmented version, there is an introduction which is helpful in better understanding Sor, and some of the circumstances under which Sor wrote the original method.
Brian Jeffery controversially regards Coste's version somewhat negatively (""travesty of the original" ... "bears little resemblance to the original""), even though the title immediately makes it clear, that it is not the original, but was adapted and augmented by Coste (augmented incidentally, with numerous pieces of high quality). Today Coste's version is highly regarded in its own right (the title mentioning of Sor, possibly being more a sign of respect, than what Jeffery has termed ""a disservice to his friend’s memory""). Matanya Ophee has written: ""He is certainly not hostile to Sor and to his memory"".
Various details.
In the method (in plate VII, example 27), Sor quotes bars 22 to 25 of Sonata Op.35, No.1 by Jan Ladislav Dussek; mentioning "that the celebrated Düssek had the texture of the orchestra in view when he wrote for the pianoforte the passage in example twenty-seventh, plate VII."

</doc>
<doc id="5990509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990509" title="Daniel Wasson">
Daniel Wasson

Daniel Wasson (born June 15, 1984 in Ardmore, Oklahoma) is an American soccer player who last played for Minnesota Stars FC in the North American Soccer League.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Wasson grew up in Colorado Springs, Colorado, attended Liberty High School, and began his college soccer career at the United States Air Force Academy where he scored 23 goals in 37 games and was named to the all-conference second team, two regular season all-tournament teams and the MPSF all-tournament squad as a freshman. He transferred to the University of Tulsa prior to his junior year, and subsequently he appeared in 43 games, scoring 8 goals and 6 assists, being named to the all-MVC first team, the all-Midwest Region second team, and his team's Defensive Player of the Year.
During his college years he also played with Colorado Springs Blizzard and Chicago Fire Premier in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
Wasson was drafted in the fourth round (38th overall) of the 2006 MLS Supplemental Draft by the Colorado Rapids. He played 22 games for Rapids in 2006 and 2007 before leaving the club to try his hand in Europe.
He signed with German side SV Meppen, and then moved to VfL Osnabrück II and then returned to the United States at the end of the 2008/2009 season.
On March 31, 2010, Wasson signed for the newly formed USSF Division 2 Professional League club NSC Minnesota Stars. He scored the first goal in NSC Minnesota's history on April 16, 2010, the only goal of a 1-0 victory over the Carolina RailHawks.

</doc>
<doc id="5990511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990511" title="211 West Fort Street">
211 West Fort Street

211 West Fort Street is a 27-story skyscraper in Downtown Detroit, Michigan. Construction began in 1961, and finished in 1963. The building stands at the southeast corner of Fort Street and Washington Boulevard. It was constructed adjacent to the Detroit Trust Company Building, designed by Albert Kahn in 1915, as offices for the Detroit Bank and Trust Company, later known as Comerica. The bank occupied space in the building until 1993, when it moved to One Detroit Center. In the courtyard between the two buildings is a sculpture based on the bank's logo at the time.
The building currently houses offices for the Detroit Economic Club, United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan, the United States Attorney and several other tenants.
Architecture.
The building is designed in the International style, with dark-tinted windows set into precast concrete frames. The frames project from the façade giving the building a distinctive grid pattern. Mechanical equipment is located on floors 8 and 27th floors. Floor 27 is double-height and enclosed by a wall recessed from the grid to create a colonnade which is illuminated at night. The building's address "211" is displayed along the roof line. This replaced earlier signs for Detroit Bank and Trust and Comerica. On the eighth floor, louvers replace glass in the concrete frames giving a uniform appearance to the façade from floors 2 through 26.
The two-story lobby is enclosed by glass and is recessed on the north and west sides allowing for a covered arcade on two sides. Elevator banks and other interior walls are covered by black granite and floors are travertine. The site slopes from north to south allowing for a service entrance and parking garage at street level facing Congress Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5990515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990515" title="USS Trefoil">
USS Trefoil

USS "Trefoil" has been the name of two ships of the United States Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="5990516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990516" title="Midnight Ridazz">
Midnight Ridazz

Midnight Ridazz is a late-night group bicycle ride that celebrates bicycle culture in Los Angeles. The ride takes place on city streets, has no sponsors, is not sanctioned by any government agency, and does not require registration or membership in a club. The ride follows different routes each month, generally between 15 and 40 miles long. Traditionally, the ride has taken place on the second Friday of every month at about 10:00 PM from a starting point in Echo Park; however, the surge of popularity it has enjoyed in recent years has made it possible for rides to occur much more frequently and in diverse parts of the city. If the ride passes through downtown Los Angeles it is traditional for the route to include the 2nd Street Tunnel.
History.
Midnight Ridazz began in February, 2004 when six cyclists and two skateboarders in Echo Park took an impromptu tour of the fountains in downtown Los Angeles. The idea of taking a monthly late night group bicycle ride to see interesting and unusual aspects of Los Angeles not ordinarily accessible or meaningfully experienced from an automobile spread quickly by word of mouth, and within several months the group grew to over five times its original size. Before the ride celebrated its first anniversary in February 2005, the monthly turnout had swollen to well over a hundred riders. As the ride grew, the social and organizational dynamic changed. What had started out as a small gathering of friends had become first a neighborhood and then a citywide phenomenon. Several of the original riders voluntarily took on the responsibility of planning routes, printing route slips for distribution to participants, inventing themes for the rides and publicizing them, and helping riders with mechanical difficulties along the way.
By the summer of 2006, Midnight Ridazz had grown to such an extent that often more than a thousand riders could be expected to show up at the traditional meeting point in the parking lot of the Pioneer Chicken fast-food restaurant on Echo Park Avenue off of Sunset Boulevard. The rapid growth of the ride was beginning to overwhelm the neighborhood where riders met, and perhaps more importantly, it was beginning to overwhelm the organizers. The ride had grown unwieldy; riders were getting lost, altercations and accidents involving riders and frustrated motorists were becoming common, and it was no longer practical to stop the ride to wait for participants with mechanical problems. The organizers' response to this was to step down and allow responsibility for the rides to devolve to the participants, and to encourage splitting Midnight Ridazz from one large monthly ride into several more frequent regional rides. The transition worked remarkably well, due at least in part to the advent of a Midnight Ridazz website with a discussion forum and a ride calendar open to anybody who wished to organize and announce a group ride.
Culture and ethic.
Midnight Ridazz is rooted in a punk ethos. It was partly the aim of the original riders and organizers to challenge both the dominant means of transportation and the prevailing mode of entertainment in Los Angeles, a city largely designed around the private automobile and one in which weekend entertainment is widely assumed to involve some kind of commercial transaction. Midnight Ridazz and its most prominent promoters do not overtly claim to be engaging in activism, apart from taking the position that "riding a bicycle in this country in and of itself IS the political act." Ridazz bears some resemblance to the pro-bicycle Critical Mass phenomenon in that both involve large groups of cyclists temporarily taking over city streets in public view. However, it is distinct from Critical Mass in that the routes are planned by self-appointed caretakers, and the atmosphere revolves around party culture and fun rather than political demonstration. 
Inclusiveness has long been a dominant cultural component in Midnight Ridazz. Rides are usually planned and paced so as to allow any reasonably healthy adult with a roadworthy bicycle and the ability to ride it to participate. Accordingly, the rides have attracted a wide cross-section of the cycling community in Los Angeles--bicycle messengers, bicycle commuters, utility cyclists, fixed gear enthusiasts, recreational riders, racers, and so on—although the convergence of different groups of cyclists has not been without occasional friction.
Influence on Los Angeles bike culture.
Midnight Ridazz has inspired many new regular rides and bicycle groups in the Los Angeles area and has been credited with helping to popularize bicycle ride culture in Los Angeles. An incomplete list of Los Angeles bike rides, clubs, and institutions arising from or in concert with Midnight Ridazz includes:
Documentaries.
"Midnight Ridazz One Year", 2005
DV, 6:38 min. 
Directed by Andrew Vontz
on Youtube
"Midnight Ridazz (Part 1)", 2006 
DV, 2:52 min.
Directed by Joel Kuwahara
on OurMedia
"Midnight Ridazz (Part 2)", 2006
DV, 3:05 min.
Directed by Joel Kuwahara
on OurMedia
"Ride On", 2006
DV, 12 min.
Directed by Kim Jensen
"Midnight Ridazz the Movie 2007", 2007
DV, 8:32 min
Directed by Shawn Bannon
on Youtube
Influence on bike culture outside Los Angeles.
Midnight Ridazz has spread to several other cities with San Diego, Santa Barbara, and Davis, California hosting occasional group rides using the name. A Midnight Ridazz chapter also exists in Ferrara, Italy.
Josh Anderson, founder of "Bike Gang" in Grand Junction, Colorado, cites an "Alternative Press" article about Midnight Ridazz as his inspiration for organizing the group/ride.
Theme rides.
Most rides have specific themes, which are often reflected in the route, and also in the graphic design of the commemorative spoke cards which are usually distributed to riders at the meeting points. It is common, but not mandatory, for participants to wear costumes matching the theme. Past themes include: 
The Annual All City Toy Ride.
Since December 2006 the Midnight Ridazz have hosted "The All City Toy Ride". The charity bicycle ride traditionally takes place on the second Friday in December.
Participants are asked to bring a toy up to $25 in value to be donated to a local charity. Past charities to receive toys from the event include The Los Angeles Department of Child Services, The Los Angeles Fire Department's: Spark of Love, The Alliance for Children's Rights, Los Angeles Legal Aid and the East LA Women's Center. 
The event consists of several rides, each originating for different parts of Los Angeles County. Past areas have include East Hollywood/ Bicycle District
Highland Park, Long Beach, North Hollywood, Pasadena, San Gabriel Valley, South Central LA, Glendale, Mid City, South East LA and West Los Angeles. The rides have traditionally converged on the Gazebo of the Olvera Street Plaza in down town Los Angeles. After the rides converge, they ride a short distance (1–6 miles) to the After Party where the toys are collected by the charity organization. 
An after party traditionally follows with talmales, beer, dj's and live music. In 2010 Midnight Ridazz hosted the 5th annual All City Toy Ride. This year's ride saw a record 15 official rides from throughout LA county.

</doc>
<doc id="5990520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990520" title="Sleeping People">
Sleeping People

Sleeping People is an instrumental rock band from San Diego, California that formed in early 2002. They first started playing live at the end of that year as a trio consisting of Joileah Concepcion (guitar), Kasey Boekholt (guitar) and Brandon Relf (drums), with bassist Kenseth Thibideau joining the group in 2003. In 2005, the band released their self-titled debut album through Temporary Residence records. Around that same time, guitarist Joileah left the band due to relocation, and her friend Amber Coffman replaced her on guitar. With Amber they wrote and recorded 3 tracks that appeared on their second album, "Growing". In early 2007, Joileah returned to her former position, and the original lineup resumed. The style of instrumental rock they play is sometimes referred to as math rock, which is characterized by complex, atypical rhythmic structures, stop/start dynamics and angular, dissonant riffs.

</doc>
<doc id="5990526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990526" title="Wax Trax! Records discography">
Wax Trax! Records discography

This is the discography of Wax Trax! Records.
Wax Trax Records (1980-1992)
Wax Trax/TVT Records (1993-2000)

</doc>
<doc id="5990529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990529" title="Marco Albarello">
Marco Albarello

Marco Albarello (born May 31, 1960) is an Italian cross country skier who competed from 1982 to 2002. He was born in Aosta. His best known victory was part of the 4 x 10 km relay team that upset Norway at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer. He also won four other medals at the Winter Olympics with three silvers (10 km: 1992; 4 x 10 km: 1992, 1998) and one bronze (10 km: 1994).
Biography.
Albarello also won four medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with one gold (15 km: 1987), two silvers (4 x 10 km: 1985, 1993), and one bronze (4 x 10 km: 1997).
At the Opening Ceremony for the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin on February 10, he and his 4 x 10 km relay teammates (Maurilio De Zolt, Giorgio Vanzetta, and Silvio Fauner) who won the gold at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, were among the last carriers of the Olympic torch before it was lit by fellow Italian cross country skier Stefania Belmondo. Albarello was the coach of the Italian national cross-country ski team until May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5990547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990547" title="Asialoglycoprotein receptor">
Asialoglycoprotein receptor

The asialoglycoprotein receptors are lectins which bind asialoglycoprotein, glycoproteins from which a sialic acid has been removed to expose galactose residues. The receptors, which are located on liver cells, remove the target glycoproteins from circulation.

</doc>
<doc id="5990554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990554" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1943">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1943

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1943 according to "Billboard magazine". 
The "National List of Best Selling Retail Records" was the first to poll retailers nationwide on record sales.
The new chart was billed as a "trade service feature," based on the "10 best selling records of the past week" at a selection of national retailers from New York to Los Angeles.
Shown is a list of songs that topped the National List of Best Selling Retail Records chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5990572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990572" title="Ari Vallin">
Ari Vallin

Ari Vallin (born on March 21, 1978) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman, currently with Oulun Kärpät of SM-liiga. 
Jn the 2003–2004 SM-liiga playoff finals in Finland against TPS, Vallin was the player who scored the sudden death goal in overtime therefore making the Kärpät team the new champions.

</doc>
<doc id="5990575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990575" title="Shuck">
Shuck

Shuck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5990578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990578" title="KIIT">
KIIT

KIIT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5990581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990581" title="Jean Alexandru Steriadi">
Jean Alexandru Steriadi

Jean Alexandru Steriadi (29 October 1880 - 23 November 1956) was a Romanian painter and drawing artist. He made portraits and compositions based on a strong, expressive drawing; then he evoluated towards impressionistic influenced landscapes in which the subtle harmony is combined with a refined sense of picturesque ("The Morizzi House", "Ships in the Brăila Harbour"). Jean Alexandru Steriadi was an honorary member of the Romanian Academy since 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="5990592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990592" title="Megophrys">
Megophrys

Megophrys is a genus of frogs (Anura) in the family Megophryidae. They occur in the Malay Peninsula and the Malay Archipelago.
They commonly have elongated upper "eyebrows" and are thus known as Asian horned frogs. They belong to the suborder Mesobatrachia and are therefore by no means close relatives of the South American horned frogs ("Ceratophrys"), which are Neobatrachia.
Species.
Currently five species are included in "Megophrys":

</doc>
<doc id="5990597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990597" title="Nicole Garza">
Nicole Garza

Nicole Garza (b. October 13, 1982 in Miami) is an American actress of film and television. She has appeared on such TV series as "The O.C.", "Gilmore Girls", "Entourage", "Invasion", "How I Met Your Mother", and has a recurring role on the Oxygen series, "Campus Ladies". Her film debut was in 2005's "Self Medicated" and she followed that up with roles in "Underclassman" and "The List". Nicole and her identical twin sister Natalie were also the "Doublemint Twins" of 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5990598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990598" title="Greater Nottingham Partnership">
Greater Nottingham Partnership

The Greater Nottingham Partnership (GNP) was formed in 1994 by Nottingham City Council and Nottinghamshire County Council with the aim of improving partnership working across the Greater Nottingham conurbation and attracting more government regeneration funding into the area.
The GNP represents the conurbation’s local authorities, Ashfield, Broxtowe, Gedling and Rushcliffe besides the original two. It also includes companies, public service agencies, voluntary organisations and community groups with a common interest in developing the economy of the Greater Nottingham area to the benefit of all.
Over the years, the GNP has expanded to include the business, public, voluntary and community sectors, giving birth to the four sector model. It now has a forum of 24 people, representing a broad range of organisations working across the Greater Nottingham area.
The East Midlands Development Agency (EMDA) contacted the GNP to discuss the delivery of the government's regeneration agenda across Greater Nottingham. Consequently, in April 2002 the GNP also became the Sub-regional Strategic Partnership for the Greater Nottingham conurbation.

</doc>
<doc id="5990609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990609" title="Alfred Pfaff">
Alfred Pfaff

Alfred Pfaff (16 July 1926 – 27 December 2008) was a German football player and World Cup winner with West Germany in 1954.
Life.
Pfaff was capped seven times between 1953 and 1956 for the West German national team, scoring two goals as an inside forward. 
The highlight of his career was winning the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland. Pfaff had an appearance in the preliminary round against Hungary (3–8) and scored a goal in the 26th minute. 
His club was Eintracht Frankfurt with whom he won the 1959 German Championship, and in 1960 reached the finals of Champion's Cup against Real Madrid. The left-footed "Don Alfredo" was the head of the team. Pfaff was a true playmaker with exceptionally good ball control and great skills at free kicks. Pfaff probably would have accumulated more than seven caps if Fritz Walter had not played the same role for West Germany as Pfaff played for Eintracht Frankfurt. In 1954, Atletico Madrid offered him 180,000 D-Mark but his wife Edith was against a move to Spain. Possibly Pfaff's greatest game was the 6–1 against Rangers F.C. in the 1959–60 semifinal first leg of the European Champion Clubs' Cup, which was followed by a 6–3 win of Eintracht Frankfurt in Glasgow in the second leg. He ended his career in 1962 at the age of 36.
Besides his sports career, Pfaff was an innkeeper and had a bar near the Hauptwache in Frankfurt. Since the 1960s, he lived as a barkeeper and hotel keeper in Zittenfelden in Morretal, Odenwald).

</doc>
<doc id="5990623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990623" title="Noah Clarke">
Noah Clarke

Noah Clarke (born June 11, 1979 in La Verne, California) is an American hockey player who plays left wing for the Belfast Giants in the British Elite League.
Playing career.
Clarke scored his first career NHL goal on March 12, 2007 against the Edmonton Oilers, becoming the first native of Southern California to record a goal for the Kings. Clarke was signed by the New Jersey Devils in 2007. In May 2008, he signed a two-year contract with HC Ambri-Piotta in the Swiss National League. In Ambrì, Clarke played with former NHL player Erik Westrum and was coached by the 1980 Olympic Gold Medalist John Harrington, he left on 17 December Ambri and moved to Rauman Lukko. The following season Clarke returned to Ambri before splitting the year again with HC Slavia Prague of the Czech Extraliga.
On July 16, 2010, Clarke signed a one-year contract as a free agent to play in Germany with Augsburger Panther of the DEL. Noah is now playing for the Belfast Giants in the British Elite Ice Hockey League

</doc>
<doc id="5990628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990628" title="Michael Pertwee">
Michael Pertwee

Michael Pertwee (24 April 1916 – 17 April 1991) was a British playwright and screenwriter. Among his credits were episodes of "The Saint", "Danger Man", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "B-And-B", "Ladies Who Do", and many other films and TV series.
He was the brother of Jon Pertwee of "Doctor Who" fame, the son of Roland Pertwee, a noted screenwriter and actor of the 1910s-1950s, the cousin of Bill Pertwee, a noted character actor, and the uncle of actor Sean Pertwee.

</doc>
<doc id="5990631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990631" title="Hell's Winter">
Hell's Winter

"Hell's Winter" is the second full-length solo album by American hip hop artist Cage and his first for the Definitive Jux label. It was released on September 20, 2005 and received very favorable reviews, including a spot in Rhapsody's list of "The 10 Best Albums By White Rappers". This is the first Cage album ever that contains no mention of the word "bitch", nor is there any reference to the long lived feud with Eminem.
Track listing.
The samples of the menacing voice saying "Beware, I live!", "I hunger", "Run, coward!", and "Beware, coward!" in the song "Grand Ol' Party Crash" are from the 1982 arcade game Sinistar. "Stripes" samples King Crimson's "Epitaph" (from the band's 1969 album "In the Court of the Crimson King") and Richard Nixon's 1974 resignation speech.
Limited Edition.
"Hell's Winter" is also available as a "Limited Edition" 2-disc set. Disc 2 is an instrumental version of the complete album. It also features a computer software program called UMIXIT by Cakewalk. The program allows the user to remix two songs from "Hell's Winter".

</doc>
<doc id="5990632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990632" title="Eugen Drăguţescu">
Eugen Drăguţescu

Eugen Drăguţescu (1914-1992) was a famed Romanian painter and graphic artist

</doc>
<doc id="5990635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990635" title="Twenty Four Seven Tour">
Twenty Four Seven Tour

The Twenty Four Seven Tour (also known as the Twenty Four Seven Millennium Tour and 24/7 World Tour) is the eighth concert tour by American singer, Tina Turner. The tour promoted her final studio album, Twenty Four Seven. Although she stated this numerous times in the past, Turner announced that feat would be her final "show stopping" tour. She stated she would continue to make records and perform at small venues and award shows. The tour was sponsored by E*Trade.
Actress Gloria Reuben served as a background dancer and singer during the first North American leg of the tour.
According to Pollstar, the 2000 tour became the highest grossing tour in North America. This status was achieved over her peers, Barbra Streisand and Bruce Springsteen as well as, newcomers 'N Sync and Britney Spears. The North American tour dates grossed over $80 million.
However, Turner would return to touring in 2008 with her .
Background.
After her recording breaking 1996 world tour, Turner decided to take a longer break between albums and tours. Initially, Turner planned an elaborate co-headlining tour with Elton John. The two performed a duet of Turner's hit "Proud Mary" and John's The Bitch is Back on the VH1 special, "Divas Live '99". During rehearsals, Turner felt unease with the music and stopped everyone from playing and then instructed John on how to play the song.
The tour plans were cancelled and Turner went to the studio to record her final studio album. Along the way, Turner also performed the Super Bowl XXXIV presume ceremonies.
To introduce the tour, Turner stated: It's a play. It's an act. For the moment, it's a small movie, so to speak. That's why I like all of the stuff and the action and the playoff between me and the girls. It's life on that stage for that two hours.
Development.
As mentioned above, the tour initially was set to promote her latest studio album. During promotion, Turner acknowledge the tour as her final one as she enters pseudo-retirement. She comments: 
I've been performing for 44 years; I really should hang up my dancing shoes. I can't keep up with Janet Jackson. I'm not a diva like Diana Ross. I'm rock 'n' roll, but I'm happy I can do it one more time, so people can remember me at my best."
The album played a prominent role in the tour as Turner rehearsed "Whatever You Need", "When the Heartache is Over", "Talk to My Heart", "Falling", "Don't Leave Me This Way" (which was to be included in a ballads medley with "Two People" and two other unknown songs) and "Twenty Four Seven". When Turner decided to do a retrospective of her career, she included her first hit, "A Fool in Love", the first time Turner performed the song live since the 1970s. Turner also rehearsed "Ooh Poo Pah Do" but replaced with "Get Back". Additionally, she included some of her have favorite R&B hits including, "Hold On, I'm A Comin'" and "I Heard It Through the Grapevine".
For her final outing, Turner wanted a stage that was sleek and modern. Her original concepts included the framing of an "apartment building" that had cabins and access ramps. Also included were risers with visible staircases and front drop for the musicians. Fisher, also wanted to create a volcano effect with the staging, have it split into two sets. This inner stage included a video screen and a ramp leading to an upstage platform. There was an additional ramp that lead downstage. The main feature of the stage was the "cantilever arm". A 2' wide, 60' long platform that extended Turner into the audience. Initially, Turner did not want the arm as the same concept was used for her and she did not want to repeat herself. However, after seining video animations, Turner wanted the arm included. For stadium shows, a roof for the stage was added along with additional video screens. The arm was extended an additional 20 feet. It took at least seven hours to construct the stage.
The stage was constructed by McLaren Engineering Group.
Critical reception.
Josh L. Dickey (Spartanburg Herald Journal) praised the tour, stating, "'In fact, the only low points came during Turner's protracted absences for outfit changes, when the backing crew was forced to carry the show. Minus Turner's soaring vocals—which cut sharply though the Target Center's infamously muddy acoustic chamber—the band seemed awkward and cursory.
Mark Brown (Rocky Mountain News) gave the performance at the Pepsi Center an "A", citing "From minute one, Turner bursts onto the stage with energy and finesse that only the Queen will process. Belting out her memorable hits, Turner proves it doesn't take media trickery to have success. She may be rolling down the river but Turner is creating an untouchable path. "
Martine Bury (VIBE) praised Turner's performance at the Allstate Arena, "From her signature rendition of Creedence Clearwater Revival's 'Proud Mary' to the way she heats up dance floors with her most recent single, 'When the Heartache is Over' that sultry, gravelly voice tells ardent stories like no other."
Broadcasts and recordings.
The opening night of the tour at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota, aired live on VH1's Opening Night Live on March 23, 2000. The concert at the Sopot Hippodrom aired on TVP1 on August 15, 2000. An additional television broadcast aired on BBC Three. The concert footage was filmed at the Oakland Arena performance on May 8, 2000. The performances filmed at the Wembley Stadium were lated used for the DVD release in 2001. The DVD was certified platinum in the US and UK.

</doc>
<doc id="5990636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990636" title="Mika Kuusisto">
Mika Kuusisto

Mika Kuusisto (born December 13, 1967 in Jurva) was a cross country skier who competed during the 1990s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville and also had his best individual Winter Olympics finish with a 23rd in the 50 km event in those same games.
Kuusisto also won a bronze in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1991 Nordic skiing World Championships. He also won his only individual race at a 1997 event in Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="5990644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990644" title="Whatever We Wanna">
Whatever We Wanna

Whatever We Wanna is the eighth studio album by LeAnn Rimes, released June 6, 2006. The album is similar to her R&B influenced "Twisted Angel" but has a more rock-oriented sound. The album was released and promoted exclusively in Europe, Taiwan, and Brazil. It was originally slated to be released in the U.S. (and even appeared in the US iTunes store briefly), however, the release was pulled due to the success of her single (from "This Woman"), "Something's Gotta Give" (which peaked at #2 on "Billboard"’s Top Country Songs), leading to an increase in sales of "This Woman".
Singles.
Three singles were released from the album. "And It Feels Like" was released as the lead single from the album on May 5, 2006. The second single, "Strong", was released in Germany on June 23, 2006. The third and final single from the album was Rimes' duet with Brian McFadden, "Everybody's Someone", which was released on September 25, 2006.
Personnel.
Credits for "Whatever We Wanna" were adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="5990647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990647" title="Val Meredith">
Val Meredith

Valerie Meredith (born 22 April 1949 in Edmonton, Alberta) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2004. She was a realtor by career.
She was a town councillor in Slave Lake, Alberta from 1973 until 1977 when she became Mayor, serving until 1980.
In 1988, Meredith made an unsuccessful attempt to enter politics as a Reform party candidate in the Surrey—White Rock—South Langley riding. Her second campaign for the riding in 1993 was successful. She was re-elected in 1997 and 2000 in South Surrey—White Rock—Langley as the Reform party transitioned into the Canadian Alliance then the Conservative Party. In all, she was a member of the 35th, 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments.
In early 2001, she temporarily joined the Democratic Representative Caucus group in protest of Stockwell Day's Alliance Party leadership.
Following electoral district restructuring and the formation of the new Conservative Party, Meredith attempted to become the Conservative candidate in South Surrey—White Rock—Cloverdale. She lost the party's riding nomination to Russ Hiebert and left federal politics after the 2004 general election. Following her departure from federal politics, she became a partner in The Parliamentary Group, a political lobby organisation based in Ottawa.
Meredith's father is J. Donovan Ross, an Alberta cabinet minister who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1952 until 1971. She has four children from a former marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="5990661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990661" title="African Academy of Languages">
African Academy of Languages

The African Academy of Languages (ACALAN; ; ) is a Pan-African organization founded in 2001 by Mali's then-president Alpha Oumar Konaré, under the auspices of the African Union, for the harmonization of Africa's many spoken languages. The first head of ACALAN was Mali's former minister of Basic Education Adama Samassekou. As 2006 was declared by the AU as the Year of African Languages, June 21 saw the inauguration of the interim Governing Board of ACALAN in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Since December 2009, Prof. Sozinho Francisco Matsinhe of Mozambique has led ACALAN.

</doc>
<doc id="5990664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990664" title="Matt Ryan (ice hockey)">
Matt Ryan (ice hockey)

Matthew Ryan (born November 12, 1983) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for Nottingham Panthers of the Elite Ice Hockey League.
Playing career.
Undrafted, Ryan played Junior hockey with the Wexford Raiders of the OPJHL before committing to a collegiate career at Niagara University of the CHA. After posting an impressive 19 points in his freshman year, Ryan left in his following sophomore year for the higher level of competition in the Ontario Hockey League. In his second year with the Guelph Storm in 2003–04, Ryan scored a career high 77 points on the way to reaching the Memorial Cup. 
On August 2, 2004, Matt was signed by the Los Angeles Kings to a three-year entry level contract. In 2004–05, his first professional season, Ryan scored 24 points with the Kings AHL affiliate, the Manchester Monarchs. He matched his offensive out with the Monarchs the following season and made his NHL debut with the Kings on December 31, 2005 against the Dallas Stars finishing 2005–06 with 12 games recording an assist. 
Matt played the next two seasons strictly with Manchester before signing a one-year contract with German team, Augsburger Panther of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. During the 2008–09 season, Matt's contract with the Panthers was suspended after he returned home to Canada for personal reasons on November 11, 2008. Ryan returned later in the season and became the Panthers most dependable role player and was re-signed for a further year on June 10, 2009. 
On June 15, 2010, Ryan signed a one-year contract with Austrian league team, Villacher SV.
On Jule 16, 2012, Ryan signed with Italian team Hockey Milano Rossoblu.

</doc>
<doc id="5990667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990667" title="Alexi Giannoulias">
Alexi Giannoulias

Alexander "Alexi" Giannoulias ( or ) (born March 16, 1976) is an American politician who served as Illinois Treasurer from 2007 to 2011. A Democrat, Giannoulias defeated Republican candidate State Senator Christine Radogno in November 2006 with 54 percent of the vote, becoming the first Democrat to hold the office in 12 years and, at the age of 30, the youngest state treasurer in the nation.
On July 26, 2009, Giannoulias announced his candidacy in the 2010 election for the seat in the United States Senate held by Roland Burris. Burris, who was appointed by Governor Rod Blagojevich to fill the seat vacated by Barack Obama following Obama's election as President of the United States, chose not to seek election. Giannoulias won the Democratic primary on February 2, 2010, then faced Republican Mark Kirk as well as Green Party candidate LeAlan Jones and Libertarian Michael Labno in the general election in November 2010. Kirk won the election.
Background.
Giannoulias was born in Chicago to Greek immigrants. His mother, Anna, is from Chania, and his late father, Alexis, was from Kalavryta. He has two older brothers, Demetris and George. Giannoulias attended The Latin School of Chicago and then the University of Chicago before transferring to Boston University. Giannoulias graduated cum laude with a bachelor’s degree in economics. He then moved to Greece to play basketball with Panionios B.C. for a year (1998–99).
Giannoulias had played basketball at The Latin School of Chicago, and played Division III basketball at the University of Chicago. He then played Division I basketball at Boston University.
After returning from Greece, Giannoulias attended Tulane University Law School. Upon earning his law degree, Alexi returned to Chicago to help manage Broadway Bank, a community bank in Chicago's Edgewater neighborhood that was founded by his father in 1979.
Giannoulias served on the board of directors of the Community Banker’s Association of Illinois Legislative Committee, the South Side/Wabash YMCA, and the Edgewater Chamber of Commerce. Giannoulias also founded and chaired the AG Foundation, a not-for-profit charity that donated money to treat child-related illnesses, curb poverty and assist disaster relief organizations.
2006 campaign for Illinois State Treasurer.
Although the state Democratic Party led by House Speaker Mike Madigan backed his opponent, Paul Mangieri, in the primary, Giannoulias was endorsed by U.S. Representatives Jan Schakowsky and Jesse Jackson, Jr. and by then-Senator Barack Obama.
The Chicago Sun-Times news group also endorsed Giannoulias in the general election, arguing that he would “bring valuable private enterprise experience from banking to the job” and praising his “creative” policy proposals like a securities-lending program, improving Bright Start, and promoting green energy. Running on a campaign platform that emphasized comprehensive ethics reform for the Treasurer’s office, Giannoulias won the March 2006 primary and went on to defeat Republican candidate Christine Radogno in the general election.
Actions in office.
Ethics reform.
On his first day as State Treasurer, Giannoulias "signed an executive order to enact the most comprehensive, widest-ranging ethics package of any elected official in the state", according to his official state website. "The order prohibits Treasurer from accepting contributions from banks, Treasurer’s Office employees and contractors who do business with the office." He also moved to foreclose on two debt-ridden hotels built in the 1980s by politically connected insiders in Springfield and Collinsville.
Hartmarx.
In 2009, Giannoulias worked to encourage Wells Fargo to cooperate in the sale of Chicago-based clothing manufacturer Hartmarx Corp., which was at risk of liquidation and had filed for Chapter 11 protection. The success of this sale with Giannoulias’ support saved over 600 jobs at an Illinois Hartmarx factory that otherwise would have been closed.
Wells Fargo, a primary lender for Hartmarx, is also “the money custodian for the treasurer’s office, holding its cash and other financial assets." Giannoulias publicly challenged Wells Fargo’s obstruction of the sale, stating that “Fargo’s intention to liquidate Hartmarx rather than allow a sale to buyers intent on keeping the company running will significantly jeopardize the business relationship between Wells Fargo and the state of Illinois.”
Giannoulias cited the fact Wells Fargo received over $25 billion in federal TARP bailout funds as further reason why the bank should have supported the sale of Hartmarx instead of pursuing the company’s liquidation. In a public statement, Giannoulias said, ""We expect companies that get state and federal taxpayer money to invest it in American jobs and American workers, not destroy companies that still have a chance to succeed.""
Green Rewards.
Giannoulias launched the "Green Rewards" program, which gives a $1,000 rebate to Illinois residents who purchase a new hybrid or other fuel-efficient vehicle.
Purchase of Israel Bonds.
In January 2009, the state of Illinois purchased $10 million worth of Israel Bonds. Giannoulias said: ""This is a good way to safely diversify our portfolio, especially during a time when some of our other investment options aren't generating as much revenue because of the market fluctuations here in the United States."" According to Giannoulias, the Israel Bonds will mature in three years with a 2.43% rate of return, compared to U.S. government bonds yielding a 1.51% return during the same period.
Scholarship programs.
In addition to revamping the Bright Start savings program, Giannoulias created several new scholarship programs for Illinois college students.
The Fallen Heroes Scholarship Program, which Giannoulias designed in a partnership with the Illinois Department of Veterans Affairs, awards an initial investment of $2,500 in college savings to children who have lost a parent in military service since 2001.
In 2008, Giannoulias announced the creation of the Bright Start Scholarship Program, which will award $3.5 million in need-based scholarships over 7 years, until 2015. More than 250 students received scholarships in 2008, the first year of the program. The scholarships were designed by Giannoulias as a public–private partnership, with the funding for the scholarships donated by a private firm at no cost to the state or taxpayers. Giannoulias also developed the Cultivate Illinois Excellence in Agriculture scholarship in 2008. This program awards ten $2,000 scholarships each year to students pursuing degrees in agriculture-related fields.
Bright Start.
As Illinois Treasurer, Giannoulias is responsible for overseeing the Illinois' Bright Start college saving program. Bright Start provides parents with the opportunity to invest in a tax-free account to save for their children's college education. Enrollees are eligible for several state tax benefits and can invest in various stock and bond options. Before Giannoulias took office, SavingForCollege.com ranked Bright Start 47th out of 48 in the nation. Giannoulias helped reform the program, and Bright Start went from being one of the worst programs in the country to one of the best. Morningstar called the transformation “a Cinderella story.”
In 2008, one of the twenty-one funds in Bright Start, Core Plus, began experiencing excessive losses and eventually lost 38% of its value. In the same year, the overall Bright Start program’s benchmark grew by 5.4%. Within the Illinois Bright Start program, 2.5% of investors had invested their entire portfolios in Core Plus and suffered a 38% loss; others experienced smaller losses.
As the Associated Press reported, "It turns out the Oppenheimer team handling Core Plus — a team the company has now fired — was putting money into risky, complicated investments that tanked in 2008 amid the general financial meltdown." In 2009, Oregon, Nebraska, New Mexico, Texas, Maine and Illinois all investigated OppenheimerFunds’ handling of the their college savings programs for impermissible investments and misconduct. Oppenheimer was selected to lead the program by Giannoulias' predecessor, former Illinois Treasurer Judy Baar Topinka, in December 2006, a month before Giannoulias took office.
After the credit markets collapsed in the fall, new contributions into the fund were halted on December 4, 2008. In January 2009, the treasurer’s office announced that no further contributions would be made to the Core Plus fund and that the state would be investigating the losses.
According to the Associated Press, Illinois was the first state to take action. In January 2009, at the request of Giannoulias, the Illinois Attorney General initiated its own probe of OppenheimerFunds, issuing subpoenas on the company. At the time, the losses attributable to OppenheimerFunds' impermissible investments were estimated to be "in excess of $85 million."
Despite the problem associated with OppenheimerFunds' handling of Core Plus, Bright Start remains a highly regarded 529 college savings program. In April 2009, Consumer Reports studied college savings programs across the country “to see how well they performed during last year’s stock-market plunge.” Consumer Reports “found five that are worthy of an A,” and ranked Bright Start as one of the top five college savings programs in the nation. In April 2009, Money Magazine selected Bright Start as one the “best low-risk 529 plans.” In December 2009, Kiplingers selected Bright Start as one of the best state 529 plans in the country, choosing it as the best plan for “low fees.” Morningstar, Inc., which had previously ranked Bright Start in its top 5 in 2008, has acknowledged the issues relating to Core Plus but, citing Illinois’ swift action in dealing with the issue, reported in 2009 that “the plan still holds plenty of appeal.”
In December 2009, the Illinois Attorney General's Office and the Office of the State Treasurer announced that Illinois had reached a settlement with OppenheimerFunds. Eligible accountholders who lost money in Core Plus would receive $77 million from OppenheimerFunds. As the scope of the settlement was expanded during negotiations with OppenheimerFunds to include more accountholders, the total loss addressed by the settlement is $150 million. The payout from this settlement brings the losses for the 2.5% of Bright Start investors who were fully invested in Core Plus down to 17%.
The Treasurer's Office used some of the investment fees from the Bright Start program to purchase a hybrid vehicle to "so Bright Start staff have a way to travel the state and sign families up for the program" and used to promote other Treasurer's Office programs. The vehicle was never used for personal use by Giannoulias.
Other efforts as Treasurer.
Giannoulias started a pilot program in 2007 to sell the abandoned contents of safe deposit boxes on eBay, scrapping the state's annual live auctions.
Broadway Bank.
From 2002 to 2006, Giannoulias worked as a senior loan officer and vice president at Broadway Bank, a community bank founded by his father. When he left the bank in 2006, it was one of the most profitable banks in Illinois. Four years later, on January 26, 2010, Broadway Bank entered into a consent decree with the FDIC that ordered Broadway to increase its capital.ur Two dozen small- to medium-sized banks in Illinois and nearly 200 banks nationwide have failed since the October 2008 economic crash.
Broadway Bank’s struggling financial situation is due to delinquent real estate loans and foreclosed properties. From 2002 to 2006, Broadway’s lending in construction and development loans increased sixfold, to $356 million. During Giannoulias’ tenure, Broadway also increased its brokered deposits, which generally command high interest rates. When Giannoulias left the bank in 2006, brokered deposits made up 80% of all deposits at Broadway. When the housing market crashed in late 2008, commercial real estate loan performance deteriorated and Broadway Bank, which had focused its lending in real estate, suffered.
Nine percent of the value of the bad loans originated while Giannoulias was chief loan officer.:1
At the end of business on Friday, , the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation, Division of Banking, seized Broadway Bank and appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as receiver. The FDIC in turn named MB Financial Bank as the institution receiving Broadway Bank's deposit accounts. The FDIC announced that it and MB Financial Bank would share $878.4 million in losses, for a cost of $394.3 million to the federal Deposit Insurance Fund.ur
Loans made by Broadway Bank.
Broadway Bank made real estate development loans to Tony Rezko, a political fundraiser and real estate developer who was later convicted of fraud and money laundering. Broadway Bank made these loans before Rezko was investigated, indicted, or convicted for any crimes. Before his conviction, Rezko also received loans from other Chicago banks, including Bank of Chicago, First Bank and Trust of Illinois, GE Capital, Harris Trust and Savings, LaSalle Bank, and Manufacturers Bank.
Giannoulias himself did not make the Rezko loans.
Rezko defaulted on loans made by Broadway, and, in 2006 Broadway was the first bank to foreclose on one of Rezko’s delinquent loans, forcing him to declare bankruptcy. Broadway Bank also refused to cover nine bad checks written by Rezko for a total of $450,000 in early 2008
Giannoulias never accepted campaign contributions from Rezko.
Broadway Bank also loaned money for real estate developments to Michael Giorango, who has been convicted for prostitution and bookmaking. Giannoulias has stated that he was not part of the loan committee that approved the loans to Giorango.
2010 U.S. Senate campaign.
Giannoulias ran against Republican nominee Mark Kirk, Green Party nominee LeAlan Jones, and Libertarian nominee Mike Labno.
On March 2, 2009, Giannoulias stated on CNBC that he was forming an exploratory committee in order to assess a potential candidacy for the US Senate in 2010. On July 26, 2009, he officially announced his candidacy for the United States Senate at the Hilton Chicago, the same place then-Senator Barack Obama endorsed Giannoulias for State Treasurer in 2006. He was introduced to the crowd by Congressman Bill Foster.
Giannoulias was elected the Democratic nominee for US Senate in Illinois in the February 2, 2010, primary, with 39.0% of the vote. David H. Hoffman received 33.8% and Cheryle Jackson received 19.7%.
Endorsements.
Giannoulias was endorsed by Planned Parenthood, the Service Employees International Union (SEIU), AFSCME, the AFL-CIO, the League of Conservation Voters, the Human Rights Campaign, the Chicago Sun-Times, and the Sierra Club (Planned Parenthood, the League of Conservation Voters, and the Human Rights Campaign had all supported Congressman Kirk in previous races).
On May 28, 2010, the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) endorsed Giannoulias, calling him "a strident supporter of LGBT equality – including supporting marriage equality, repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act, repeal of “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” and supporting an inclusive Employment Non-Discrimination Act."
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin, the Assistant Majority Leader and second-highest ranking Democrat in the Senate, endorsed Giannoulias and served as the chairman of the Giannoulias campaign.
President Obama expressed his support of Giannoulias’ Senate bid and joined him on the campaign trail.

</doc>
<doc id="5990677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990677" title="Downholland">
Downholland

Downholland is a civil parish in Lancashire, England on the West Lancashire Coastal Plain. The area contains several villages including Haskayne, Barton and Downholland Cross, and the Leeds and Liverpool Canal and the A5147.
Downholland was originally a township in the parish of Halsall, becoming formally a separate parish in 1866. It formed part of West Lancashire Rural District and, since 1974, is part of the West Lancashire district.
Google Maps misspells its name as "Downhollnad". Coincidentally, Downholland is located very near the Argleton field.

</doc>
<doc id="5990683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990683" title="Kimberly Corman">
Kimberly Corman

Kimberly "Kim" Corman is a fictional character in the "Final Destination" series, portrayed by A. J. Cook. Kimberly serves as the protagonist of "Final Destination 2". She is a college student from White Plains, New York, and is one of the survivors of the Route 23 pile-up.
Character arc.
Background.
Kimberly was born in White Plains, New York to Michael Corman. She is very close to her father, especially after her mother's death during a carjacking. Kimberly continues to blame herself for what happened since she stayed behind from her mother in an appliance store to watch a newsfeed about Tod Waggner's suicide. Her mother was shot in their car when it was hijacked by street thugs. She is attending college with her friends Gina McKlank, Dano Estevez and Frankie Whitman, and was originally going to spend her spring break with her friends in Daytona Beach, Florida with her friends.
"Final Destination 2".
In the film, Kimberly decided to take Route 23 as a shortcut to Florida. While driving, Kim had an ominous vision of a highway pile-up caused by a log truck derailment at the end of the vision a mysterious truck coming out of nowhere rams into her car. Stalling her car sideways to prevent other drivers from going further, Kim and a handful of other drivers watches closely as vehicles ahead crash one another and explode in the highway. To her surprise, another truck (the same truck that killed her at the end of her vision) smashes her SUV with her friends still in it, killing them, although she is rescued by Officer Burke. Kimberly and other survivors are interrogated by Officer Burke afterwards, with Kimberly explaining her vision's similarity to Alex Browning's vision, and that now they are all in Death's List. The survivors disregard this until survivor Evan Lewis died in his apartment later that night, alarming everyone of Death being after them. With Burke's help, Kimberly consult the help of Clear Rivers (the only survivor of Flight 180 that time) to save the remaining others. Nevertheless, their attempts prove unsuccessful. Clear leads Kimberly and Officer Burke to mortician William Bludworth, who helps the latter by claiming that new life can defeat Death. Kimberly realizes that pregnant survivor Isabella Hudson can save them, however this proves false since Isabella was meant to live even in the premonition. After two more deaths, Kimberly sacrifices herself for Officer Burke's safety by driving the van she is riding to a lake, however Officer Burke rescues her and sends her to a hospital for recovery. Thinking she and Officer Burke finally cheated Death, they went to a picnic with the Gibbons family, who tells them how their son Brian Gibbons was saved from Death by the survivors. To everyone's surprise, Brian is incinerated nearby due to a barbecue grill malfunction. 
"Final Destination 3".
In the alternate ending of "Final Destination 3", a newspaper blows by, revealing Kimberly and Burke ran into each other at a hardware store and a Camaro (belonging to Evan) ran through the store, knocking them into a nearby woodchipper. Kimberly's coat was tangled and was snatched into the machine. Burke attempted to save her, and both were dismembered, with the attending physician who signed their death certificates being Dr. Ellen Kalarjian. However, while this is an alternate ending, as every other character in the Final Destination series has died, it can be safely assumed that they too faced a gruesome end. Franchise producer Craig Perry had stated that the newspaper article can be taken as canonical.
Kimberly, alongside Burke, is the longest surviving character in the series with 4 and a half years. The Route 23 Pile-Up that was meant to kill them happened in March of 2001 and Kimberly and Thomas died in late 2005, shortly before the deaths of Wendy, Julie and Kevin.
Casting.
The role of Kimberly Corman was given to Canadian actress A. J. Cook, who previously starred in the 1999 film "The Virgin Suicides". Cook described her role as "a very strong girl, very determined because her mother died a year earlier, right in front of her eyes, so she’s had to grow up quick." Cook added that "it's rare to find one strong female lead in a horror film, not to mention two name="Film Threat"></ref> Director David Ellis and producer Craig Perry were amazed by her sensitivity and vulnerability in her performance, and she was hired instantly. Ellis and Perry praised her act, with Perry stating that "[they were at the beginning of what's going to be a long successful career for her." Ellis describe her role as "a girl who can have some fun cause they're going on a trip and they'll gonna have a good time, yet someone who can stand up to Clear, to come and challenge Clear on a race, and to bother with Clear." The character's surname was based by writer Jeffrey Reddick to American director Roger Corman, who directed the horror comedy film "The Little Shop of Horrors". Originally, Kimberly and her father Michael's surname was "Burroughs" (in honor of Canadian actress Jackie Burroughs, who starred as Kate Flynn in the acclaimed crime thriller film "The Grey Fox") instead of Corman in the original script, but the writers decided to change it in the script revision.
Reception.
Cook's performance met mixed reviews among critics. Robert Koehler of "Variety" said that "the giddy sequences also help in getting past the generally awful thesping, led by Cook, whose blurry grasp of emotions betrays Ellis' apparent disinterest in his actors." David Grove of "Film Threat" panned Cook's acting, stating that "she’s no great actress, but she’s a real looker" and teased that "since when did a horror movie suffer from having two dumb blondes as leads", the other actress referring to Larter." Dustin Putman of "TheMovieBoy.com" commented about Cook's emotional scenes: Taking over where Devon Sawa's Alex took off, A. J. Cook (2001's "Out Cold") is serviceable as the premonition-fueled Kimberly, but doesn't evoke enough emotion in the scenes following the brutal deaths of her close friends. Nevertheless, Robin Clifford of "Reeling Reviews" stated that "Cook was strident as the catalyst that sparks events with her premonitions of disaster and her fervent desire to cheat the Reaper." Brett Gallman of "Oh, The Horror!" claimed that Cook and fellow actor Michael Landes were "serviceable as leads."

</doc>
<doc id="5990691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990691" title="Dumitru Ghiaţă">
Dumitru Ghiaţă

Dumitru Ghiață (22 September 1888 - 3 July 1972) was a Romanian landscape painter. He painted still life depictions of flowers and compositions in a simple, direct, sober coloured style, in a synthetic drawing recalling folk traditions ("Peasants at the Fair", "Winter at Târgoviște", "Autumn in the Woods").

</doc>
<doc id="5990694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990694" title="Wendy Christensen">
Wendy Christensen

Wendy Christensen is a fictional character in the "Final Destination" series, portrayed by Mary Elizabeth Winstead. Wendy serves as the protagonist of "Final Destination 3". She is a college student from the fictional town McKinley in Pennsylvania, and is one of the survivors of the Devil's Flight roller-coaster crash. She is the tenth and final survivor; although it was ambiguous if she survived at the end of the movie. However, in 2011, franchise producer Craig Perry stated that he believes both Wendy and her sister Julie are in fact, dead. 
The character is depicted as an intelligent, yet obsessive-compulsive "control freak" who becomes depressed over the course of the film as she fails to save the lives of those around her.
Character arc.
"Final Destination 3".
Wendy lived in McKinley, Pennsylvania, with her sister Julie Christensen. She was shown to be a control freak. She was dating Jason Wise, and was friends with Kevin Fischer and Carrie Dreyer. She was the school photographer for the yearbook. Wendy and her friends celebrated at the amusement park for their senior field trip. At the start of the film, Wendy admits that she doesn't care for Kevin. Though as the movie goes on she slowly forms a caring relationship between herself and Kevin.
Before getting on a roller coaster ride known as Devil's Flight, Wendy began to have the feeling of "having no control". Shortly after being seated on the coaster, she suffered a premonition of the entire ride derailing and brutally killing her and all the other passengers. She panicked, and managed to get several of her fellow students off, before realizing her boyfriend Jason and best friend Carrie were still on the roller-coaster. She fails to get them off the ride in time and witnesses the derailment of the roller-coaster and the death of Jason and Carrie.
After the incident, she is determined to leave McKinley due to the bad memories, but begins noticing the photographs she took on the night of the roller-coaster ride carries ominous clues to how the other survivors eventually meet their end. She then pairs up with Kevin to save the other survivors; She ends up only managing to rescue Ian, her sister Julie and Kevin from their second intended deaths. Shortly after, Ian unintentionally helps Wendy escape her second death, but he himself is killed instead. Wendy, Kevin and Julie believe they have managed to escape Death, but five months later, during a chance reunion, Wendy receives another premonition that foretells their deaths in the subway crash. Her attempts to stop the subway are for naught, as the film cuts to black, with sounds of the train derailment being heard, just as she runs towards the exit door. Following this, Wendy's fate, along with Kevin's and Julie's following the premonition is unknown.
In an alternate ending found on the DVD, Wendy did not receive the premonition and the film ends with the subway barreling straight into her, explicitly showing her death.
Casting.
In the DVD features, it is revealed by James Wong that he originally intended for Wendy to be a "perky blonde". Alexis Bledel was also revealed to have tried out for the role. Winstead, who had previously auditioned for the previous two films, eventually won the role as she brought emotion and character that impressed Wong and Morgan.
Reception.
Winstead's performance was met with generally positive reception among critics. James Berardinelli says she "does as competent a job as one could expect in these dire circumstances." Felix Gonzalez, Jr. speaks positively of Winstead and Merriman's performances, saying "the film is not entirely unwatchable. Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Ryan Merriman are likeable in the lead roles." Frank Ochieng also calls Winstead a "passable leading lass" and TheDailyMacabre even goes on to say "Winstead is a stronger lead than A.J. Cook". 
Louis B. Hobson however criticizes her and Merriman's performances, saying "Merriman and Winstead have basically two emotions. They're either grieving or terrified." Waffle Movies adds "the performance is too much", likening her performance to "the person who shows up to a Halloween costume party wearing a formal evening gown." 

</doc>
<doc id="5990696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990696" title="1993 World Rally Championship season">
1993 World Rally Championship season

The 1993 World Rally Championship season was the 21st season of the FIA World Rally Championship. The season consisted of 13 rallies. Juha Kankkunen won his fourth drivers' world championship in a Toyota Celica Turbo 4WD, ahead of François Delecour and Didier Auriol. The manufacturers' title was won by Toyota, ahead of Ford and Subaru.
Lancia dropped the Martini Racing works team, while the Lancia Delta continued through privateers Jolly Club and Astra Racing.

</doc>
<doc id="5990698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990698" title="Cousins Subs">
Cousins Subs

Cousins Submarines, better known as Cousins' Subs, is a U.S. sub sandwich chain founded in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Cousins' Subs is a regional chain with restaurants in the Midwest. While the majority of franchises are in Wisconsin, locations can also be found in three other states: Arizona, Minnesota and Florida.
Overview & History.
Founded by two cousins from Jersey City, NJ, Bill Specht moved to Milwaukee in the later 1960s. After arriving, Specht was unable to find his favorite childhood sandwiches, and was prepared to learn to live without them.
In the 1970s, Sprecht was unhappy with his then-current job, and decided to start a business making his childhood sandwiches. With James Sheppard, a cousin, they opened the first location on 19 June 1972, hence the name "Cousins'". Specht and Sheppard opened their first restaurant in Milwaukee—located at 60th Street and Silver Spring Drive.
After opening the shop, they partnered with a local baker to make their "own" bread, highlighted in the slogan "Better Bread, Better Subs".
Current history.
Until 1985, all Cousins Subs locations were company-owned & operated. The chain continued to open company-owned stores until 2004. In October of the same year, Cousins' announced that it would be selling 25 of their 40 company-owned stores to franchisees in order to adopt a more traditional franchise growth model. The locations in Arizona, Minnesota, and Florida soon followed, & as of June 2014, there are 124 locations. 
James Sheppard died 2 July 2007 due to long term surgery and health problems.
Menu.
Other than sandwiches, Cousins' also sells Cookies, Potato Chips, Soups, French Fries, and Peanut Butter-flavored Rice Krispies Treats. Also, there are different types of bread available, including Multi-Grain & other cheese-flavors.

</doc>
<doc id="5990704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990704" title="Fanny Garrison Villard">
Fanny Garrison Villard

Helen Frances “Fanny” Garrison Villard (December 16, 1844 – July 5, 1928) was a women's suffrage campaigner and a co-founder of National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. She was the daughter of prominent publisher and abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison.
Biography.
Early years.
Helen Frances Garrison, known to family and friends as "Fanny," was born December 16, 1844, the only daughter of abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison.
Garrison married publisher and railroad tycoon Henry Villard. While raising her children, she led a life fairly typical life of a woman in a traditional upper-class marriage.
Activism.
After her children were grown and her husband died in 1900, Fanny Garrison Villard became more active in peace groups and women's rights. She joined the American Woman Suffrage Association, and marched against the First World War in New York in 1914.
Death and legacy.
Fanny Garrison Villard died on July 5, 1928.
Her son, Oswald Villard, was a prominent pacifist and civil rights activist and longtime editor of "The Nation" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="5990707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990707" title="Applegate, Oregon">
Applegate, Oregon

Applegate is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. It is located west of Medford on Oregon Route 238 and the Applegate River. The community was probably named for Lindsay Applegate, who, along with his brothers Jesse and Charles, explored the Applegate Valley while blazing the Applegate Trail.
Wine production.
In 2001, the Applegate Valley AVA became the sixth official wine appellation in Oregon.
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Applegate has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="5990713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990713" title="Monteagle">
Monteagle

Monteagle may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="5990723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990723" title="Montreat">
Montreat

Montreat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5990731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990731" title="Leonardo Vitale">
Leonardo Vitale

Leonardo Vitale (Palermo, June 27, 1941 - Palermo, December 2, 1984) was a member of the Sicilian Mafia who was one of the first to become an informant, or pentito, although originally his confessions were not taken seriously. Vitale was a "man of honour" or member of the Altarello di Baida "cosca" or family, Altarello being a small village just outside of Palermo. The Vitale family had a long history of Mafia membership and Leonardo himself was groomed by his uncle and presented for membership into Cosa Nostra in order to continue his family's Mafia tradition.
Confession.
He walked into a Palermo police station on the evening of March 29, 1973, and declared that he was a member of the Mafia and confessed to various acts of extortion, arson and two homicides. In front of dumbfounded police officers he explained how a Mafia family is organised and revealed the existence of the Mafia Commission, long before the pentito Tommaso Buscetta exposed Mafia secrets to judges who were prepared to listen. 
Vitale said he joined the Mafia at nineteen at the behest of his uncle. He proved his willingness to kill by shooting a horse and subsequently he murdered a rival mafioso. He went on to take part in extorting and intimidating landowners and shopkeepers, and later carried out a second killing. Vitale would eventually rise to the rank of "capo-decina" or captain within the crime family, leading a crew of "picciotti" or "soldati", otherwise known as soldiers. In explaining why he had turned himself in, something that was unheard of from a mafioso at that point, Vitale claimed to have had a spiritual crisis and wanted to unburden himself. Whilst held in custody he smeared excrement on himself and practised self mutilation as his own act of contrition.
While testifying against his fellow Mafiosi, Vitale reminisced about his life: ""I have made a fool of my life, by the evil that has rained on me from the time I was a child... My sin was having being born into a Mafia family and of having lived in a society where everyone is a Mafioso and are respected for it; while those who are not are treated with contempt.""
His case came to trial in 1977. Vitale's testimony lead to a number of alleged mobsters being indicted, but all were acquitted when their defence lawyers cast doubt on Vitale's mental state by pointing out his self-mutilation and other odd habits. In the end only Vitale and his mafioso uncle were imprisoned, and Vitale spent most of his time in a mental asylum.
Legacy.
In early 1984 Tommaso Buscetta became an informant and gave a vast amount of information on the Mafia in Sicily that subsequently backed up a lot of Vitale's own testimony.
In the light of this, Vitale was declared sane and released in June 1984. On December 2 that year he was shot dead as he left a church after attending Mass with his mother and sister. No-one was convicted of his murder but there remains little doubt the Mafia were behind it.
Vitale's original written testimony was used in the Maxi Trial several years later, where Magistrate Giovanni Falcone declared that "it is to be hoped that at least after his death Vitale will get the credence he deserved." According to Falcone the Mafia understood the importance of Vitale's revelations much better than the Italian justice system at the time and killed him when the moment was most opportune.

</doc>
<doc id="5990735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990735" title="Jamie Hunt">
Jamie Hunt

Jameson Hunt (born April 20, 1984 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who last played for Graz 99ers of the Austrian Hockey League.
Playing career.
Undrafted, Jamie signed as a free agent with the Washington Capitals from Mercyhurst College. He played a solitary game in the NHL in the 2006–07 season with the Capitals.
On August 18, 2009, Hunt returned to North America from a season in Germany with Augsburger Panther to sign a one-year contract with the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League. After scoring 17 points in 42 games, despite enduring injury, Hunt re-signed to a one-year contract with the Wolves on August 3, 2010.
After playing 27 games in the 2010–11 season with the Wolves, Hunt was released from his contract and signed with Austrian team, Graz 99ers, for the remainder of the year on January 31, 2011.
Jamie was also an excellent lacrosse player, playing for (also an assistant captain) the Calgary Raiders in the Alberta Jr. A Lacrosse League.

</doc>
<doc id="5990737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990737" title="Guy Gabaldon">
Guy Gabaldon

Guy Louis Gabaldon (March 22, 1926–August 31, 2006) was a former United States Marine who, at age 18, captured (or persuaded to surrender) roughly 1,500 Japanese soldiers and civilians during the battles for Saipan and Tinian islands in 1944 during World War II. Though Gabaldon was recommended for the Medal of Honor, he received the Silver Star Medal, which was upgraded by the Marine Corps to the Navy Cross in 1960.
That same year, his heroic exploits on Saipan were the basis for a Hollywood film "Hell to Eternity". He was called 'Gabby' by his friends, and was an outspoken member of right-wing political organizations. In 1964, he unsuccessfully ran for US Congressman in his Southern California district. In 1990, he authored a book entitled, "Saipan: Suicide Island".
Early years.
Gabaldon was born in Los Angeles, California. His family was Mexican-American, and he was one of seven children. He was raised in East Los Angeles and, as a ten-year-old, he helped his family by shining shoes on Skid Row. Gabaldon became a member of a multi-ethnic gang known as the "Moe Gang". At age 12, he moved out of his home to live with the Nakano family, which was of Japanese-American heritage and whom he considered his extended family. He attended language school every day with their children and learned to speak Japanese. He also learned about their customs and culture.
World War II.
At the outbreak of World War II the Nakanos, his "adopted" family, were sent to a relocation camp named the Heart Mountain Relocation Center, in Wyoming. He traveled to Alaska to work in a cannery. On March 22, 1943, Gabaldon's 17th birthday, he joined the United States Marine Corps. He received his basic training at Camp Pendleton, completed the Enlisted Marine Japanese Language School at Camp Elliot in San Diego, and was assigned to Headquarters and Service Company, 2nd Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, as a scout and observer.
The Pied Piper of Saipan.
The United States considered the possibility of a full scale invasion of the Japanese mainland but later decided that such a feat would be costly, with an estimated one million American casualties. The capture of Saipan was considered essential for the establishment of airfields which would accommodate the B-29 Superfortress bombers to be used for the planned invasion. On June 15, 1944, an armada of 535 ships carrying 127,570 U.S. military personnel which included Marines from the 2nd and 4th Marine Divisions, began the invasion of Saipan. Japanese soldiers seldom surrendered during World War II and, as the American military invasion went badly for the Japanese, they were ordered by their superiors on Saipan to kill seven American Marines or soldiers for every soldier they lost, or commit suicide.
Gabaldon began taking and bringing in prisoners the night of the first day that he arrived on Saipan. According to Gabaldon:
"The first night I was on Saipan, I went out on my own...I always worked on my own, and brought back two prisoners using my backstreet Japanese."—Guy Gabaldon
Gabaldon was reprimanded by his superior officers, and threatened with a court-martial for leaving his post. However, the next night he went out and did it "again". He carefully approached a cave, shot the enemy guards outside, moved off to one side of the cave, and yelled in Japanese, "You're surrounded and have no choice but to surrender. Come out, and you will not be killed! I assure you will be well-treated. We do not want to kill you!"
The next morning he returned with 50 Japanese prisoners. As a result, Gabaldon was permitted by his commanding officer to act as a "lone wolf" operator.
On July 7, 1944, after spending a night near Saipan's northern cliffs, Gabaldon heard and listened to thousands of Japanese soldiers and civilians preparing for a large "banzai charge." Gabaldon quickly reported this information, which enabled the Marines to prepare an overwhelming defense. The attack was disastrous for the Japanese, and the surviving Japanese returned to their positions.
The next day, on July 8, Gabaldon captured two more enemy guards. He convinced one of them to return to his cave, with an offering of surrender. Shortly thereafter, a Japanese officer showed up. After speaking to Gabaldon, the officer accepted the conditions of surrender—and over eight hundred Japanese soldiers and civilians surrendered to Gabaldon, who turned them over to the U.S. military authorities. For his exploits, Gabaldon became known as "The Pied Piper of Saipan".
Tinian.
Gabaldon continued to capture more Japanese soldiers on Tinian. While back on Saipan fighting Japanese guerrillas still on the island, he was seriously wounded in an enemy machine gun ambush. He was credited with the capture of approximately 1,500 Japanese soldiers and civilians on Saipan and Tinian and was recommended for the Medal of Honor by his commanding officer Captain John Schwabe, who noted that Gabaldon single-handedly captured more than "ten times" the number of prisoners taken by legendary Medal of Honor recipient, Sgt. Alvin C. York, in World War I. Despite this recommendation, Gabaldon was awarded a Silver Star Medal.
Post World War II.
Gabaldon received an Honorable Discharge from the Marine Corps as a result of his combat wounds. In 1960, the Marine Corps elevated his Silver Star Medal to the Navy Cross, the second highest US military decoration for valor.
After returning to civilian life, he moved to Mexico and ventured into various businesses such as a furniture store, fishing, and the import-export of Mexican goods. When his first marriage to June Gabaldon ended in divorce, he met the woman who became his second wife, Ohana Suzuki, while working in Mexico.
Gabaldon's World War II exploits became public when in 1957, he was the invited guest of "This is Your Life", a popular television program aired by NBC in the 1950s. Hosted by Ralph Edwards, the show presented the life stories of entertainment personalities and "ordinary" people who had contributed in some way to society.
The fact that Gabaldon captured at least 1,500 Japanese prisoners was verified on the national program by Marines Corps intelligence officers Colonel Walter Layer, Colonel John Schwabe, Major James High, and several enlisted men from military intelligence.
Hollywood producers became interested in Gabaldon's story and in 1960 released the film "Hell to Eternity" where his actions on Saipan were memorialized. He was portrayed by American actors Jeffrey Hunter as an adult and by Richard Eyer as a boy. Gabaldon himself served as an adviser in the filming of the movie.
Navy Cross.
THE SECRETARY OF THE NAVYWashington
The President of the United States takes pleasure in presenting the NAVY CROSS to <br> PRIVATE FIRST CLASS GUY L. GABALDONUNITED STATES MARINE CORPS RESERVE<br>for service as set forth in the following<br><br>CITATION:<br><br>For extraordinary heroism while serving with Headquarters and Service Company, Second Marines, Second Marine Division, in action against enemy Japanese forces on Saipan and Tinian, Mariana Islands, South Pacific Area, from 15 June to 1 August 1944. Acting as a Japanese Interpreter for the Second Marines, Private First Class GABALDON displayed extreme courage and initiative in single-handedly capturing enemy civilian and military personnel during the Saipan and Tinian operations. Working alone in front of the lines, he daringly entered enemy caves, pillboxes, buildings, and jungle brush, frequently in the face of hostile fire, and succeeded in not only obtaining vital military information, but in capturing well over one thousand enemy civilians and troops. Through his valiant and distinguished exploits, Private First Class GABALDON made an important contribution to the successful prosecution of the Campaign and, through his efforts, a definite humane treatment of civilian prisoners was assured. His courageous and inspiring devotion to duty throughout reflects the highest credit upon himself and the United States Naval Service. <br>For the President,"W. B. FRANKE",<br>Secretary of the Navy
Later years.
In 1964, he unsuccessfully ran for the United States Congress as a Republican in California.
In 1970, he moved to Saipan with his wife where he established a seafood business and ran a youth camp. He lived there for 20 years.
In 1990, he authored and self-published a book; "Saipan: Suicide Island", also re-printed as "America Betrayed". 
In 1995, he returned to California.
In 2003, he moved to Old Town, Florida.
In September 2004, Gabaldon was honored by the Pentagon, in a ceremony which recognized the contributions of Hispanic American World War II veterans.
Various organizations have requested the Medal of Honor for Gabaldon, but their requests have been rejected. After lobbying by the Hispanic community, the case to upgrade his Navy Cross to the Medal of Honor is currently under review by the Department of Defense.
Death.
On August 31, 2006, Gabaldon died in Old Town, Florida of heart disease. He was buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery. Gabaldon is survived by his wife, Ohana; his sons Guy Jr., Ray, Tony, Yoshio, Jeffrey and Russell; his daughters Aiko, Hanako and Manya.
Two members of his "adopted" family were actor Lane Nakano and his twin Lyle.
Awards and recognitions.
On November 23, 1960, the Marine Corps upgraded Gabaldon's Silver Star Medal to a Navy Cross. Next to the Medal of Honor, this is the second highest US military decoration.
During his lifetime, Gabaldon received many awards and recognitions, including resolutions honoring him from the City of Los Angeles, the City of Chicago, and the Commonwealth of Northern Marianas.
On November 12, 2005, he was the recipient of the Chesty Puller Award from the World War II Veterans Committee, a prominent organization which showcases the veterans of World War II and their history.
On July 7, 2006, he was honored by Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa of Los Angeles and the Los Angeles City Council. The Mayor and the City Council sent a resolution to the White House requesting the Medal of Honor for Gabaldon. That same year the World War II Veteran’s Committee in Washington, D.C., featured Gabaldon on the cover of their quarterly magazine. Also in July, Gabaldon was honored by the National Council of La Raza, a national organization and a leading Latino civil rights advocate.
In addition to the Hollywood movie "Hell to Eternity", which recounted Gabaldon's heroism during World War II, Hollywood producer Steve Rubin made a documentary film about Gabaldon titled "East L.A. Marine: The Untold True Story of Guy Gabaldon". Military artist Henry Godines also unveiled a commissioned portrait, titled "The Pied Piper of Saipan, Guy Gabaldon".
Military awards and decorations.
Gabaldon's military awards include:

</doc>
<doc id="5990740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990740" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1942">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1942

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1942 according to "The Billboard". 
The National Best Selling Retail Records chart was the first to poll retailers nationwide on record sales. The chart was billed as a "trade service feature," based on the "10 best selling records of the past week" at a selection of national retailers from New York to Los Angeles.
Shown is a list of songs that topped the National Best Selling Retail Records chart in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="5990760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990760" title="Staro Sajmište">
Staro Sajmište

Staro Sajmište (Serbian Cyrillic: Старо Сајмиште) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Novi Beograd and it was the site of the World War II Sajmište concentration camp (1941–1944).
Location.
Staro Sajmište is located in the Novi Beograd's Block 17, between the street of "Zemunski put" (extension of the "Savski most" bridge), the "Mihajlo Pupin" boulevard (extension of the Branko's bridge) and the Sava river. It extends into the non-residential neighborhood of Ušće on the north, along the Sava quay into the new Park Republika Srpska on the east and into the newly developed Savograd on the west. "Sajmište" street curves within the settlement. South of the "Zemunski put", a "Sajmište" parking lot is located where the unappropriately parked cars are being tolled to.
History.
Before 1941.
In the period between the World Wars, settlements began to form on the left bank of the Sava river, closer to Belgrade, as the only existing settlement on the marshy territory of today's Novi Beograd at that time was the village of Bežanija, quite far away from Belgrade. Settlements were known as the Novo Naselje ("new settlement") and Sajmište ("fair ground"). Settlements developed without any urbanistic plans.
A complex of buildings was built in Sajmište in 1938. It was the site of the new Belgrade fair (hence the name), spreading over an area of 15,000 m² with modern and artistic buildings and constructions, including high metal spike construction. It hosted international fairs, with task of promoting the economy of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia as well. In September 1938 one of the exhibitions on the fair was the first presentation of television in this part of Europe (it will be 18 years before first television station in communist Yugoslavia will appear).
War years.
After the April war of 1941 when Germany and its allies occupied and partitioned the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, entire Syrmia region (including the left bank of the Sava) became part of the Independent State of Croatia where they set the Ustaše regime. Nazi secret police, Gestapo, took over Sajmište. They encircled it with several rings of barbed wire turning it into what they referred to as "collection center" - a euphemism for a prison. It eventually became a concentration camp. Until May 1942 Germans used Sajmište concentration camp to mostly kill off Jews from Belgrade and other parts of Serbia. From April 1942 onwards, Serbian prisoners were transported in from Jasenovac and Stara Gradiška concentration camps run by ISC Croatian Ustaše. Partisans captured throughout Serbia were also sent to Sajmište. Detainees were also sent in from other parts of Yugoslavia, especially Serbs after major German offensives on briefly liberated territories. Executions of captured prisoners lasted as long as the camp existed.
Among others, prisoners included Serbian women, children and the elderly from Kozara region, entire Jewish families from Belgrade and other cities, Romani families, as well as entire Serbian populations of different Syrmian villages. November 1946 report released by Yugoslav State Commission for Crimes of Occupiers and their Collaborators claims that close to 100,000 prisoners came through Sajmište's gates. It is estimated that around 48,000 people perished inside the camp.
From 1945.
After the war the settlement was totally neglected for years and gradually started falling apart. Former fair buildings were awarded to some prominent artists (painters and sculptors) as their ateliers. Finally on July 9, 1987, Belgrade City Assembly decided to make Staro Sajmište a cultural site, thereby protecting it from real-estate expansion development. On April 21, 1995, a monument in remembrance of Sajmište victims was unveiled along Sava, one day ahead of the 50-year anniversary of Hitler admitting defeat on April 22, 1945.
However, almost nothing was done to conserve the area and today Staro Sajmište is in a very bad shape. Few remaining old artists have no resources to renovate the complex themselves and the area became the gathering site for vagrants and criminals, so the ateliers are often looted. The population of the neighborhood was 2,250 in 2002.
After the new site of the Belgrade Fair was constructed on the right bank of the Sava, Sajmište became known as "Staro Sajmište" ("old fair ground").

</doc>
<doc id="5990763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990763" title="1300 Lafayette East Cooperative">
1300 Lafayette East Cooperative

The 1300 Lafayette East Cooperative is a large, 336 unit luxury housing cooperative in the Lafayette Park neighborhood of the near-east side of Detroit, Michigan. The building is notable for its address "1300" displayed in giant numerals on the North and South sides of the roof which are visible for miles in Detroit and Windsor.
History.
Constructed in 1961 and completed in 1964, 1300 Lafayette East stands at 30 floors. The building incorporates a ground floor with 2 story marble lobby, recreation, meeting, and commercial space. A mezzanine houses a resident party room and offices, and above it rise 28 residential floors. The building is constructed atop a two-floor underground parking garage. Apartments in the building have unobstructed views of the surrounding cityscape, downtown, the Detroit River and Windsor, Ontario. Designed by Gunnar Birkerts, the building incorporates a number of innovative and elegant construction and modern architectural design elements in its reinforced concrete construction.
Thirteen Hundred was originally designed as the first phase of a two building complex, with the second phase twin apartment building facing Larned Street at the corner of Rivard, immediately south of Lafayette Boulevard. However, market conditions existing at the time of completion resulted in the cancellation of the second project. Eventually this site was developed as the Carlton Apartments.
Thirteen Hundred has always had an impeccable reputation which has attracted a number of notable residents, among them the singer Diana Ross. The building's owners fell on hard times in the 1970s due to a declining city population and a mixture of extremely spacious studio to four bedroom apartments, which were not favorable in the rental market at the time. After a mortgage default by the owner, the building briefly became the property of the U.S. in an unusual manner - without the involvement of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, who had insured the mortgage. In 1979 the building was subsequently converted to co-op ownership - on the initiative of the tenants, who organized to avoid a sale to commercial interests or to the City of Detroit. Television cable is run on the side and hooked up at the very top for Comcast.
Zoned schools.
The community is zoned to Detroit Public Schools. Residents are zoned to Chrysler Elementary School, Duffield K-8 for middle school, and Martin Luther King High School.

</doc>
<doc id="5990764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990764" title="List of United Kingdom Parliament constituencies (1955–74)">
List of United Kingdom Parliament constituencies (1955–74)

Constituencies in 1950-1955 | 1955 MPs | 1959 MPs | 1964 MPs | 1966 MPs | 1970 MPs | Constituencies in 1974-1983
This is a list of all constituencies that were in existence in the 1955, 1959, 1964, 1966, and 1970 General Elections. 
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5990765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990765" title="Jari Räsänen">
Jari Räsänen

Jari Räsänen (born January 28, 1966 in Maaninka) was a Finnish cross country skier who competed from 1988 to 1998. He won two bronze medals in the 4 x 10 km relay at the Winter Olympics (1992, 1994).
Räsänen also won four 4 x 10 km relay medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with three silvers (1989, 1995, 1997) and a bronze (1991). He also won two FIS races at 10 km, one in 1994 and the other in 1995 (Both in Finland).

</doc>
<doc id="5990769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990769" title="Miller Motorsports Park">
Miller Motorsports Park

Miller Motorsports Park is an auto, motorcycle, bicycle and kart racing facility located in the unincorporated Erda area just outside Tooele, Utah.
The Track.
The Full course is a 23-turn (28-apex), road circuit run counterclockwise. The front stretch can see vehicles reaching speeds of . Smaller configurations of the track can be made from the full course, including a outer course that does not use the tighter infield lay-out, as well as two layouts that each use half of the full course and can be run simultaneously. At almost , it is the longest road racing facility in North America. It is about ½ mile (0.8 km) longer than the previous holder, Road America. The Outer course is one of the fastest road courses in North America, with AMA Superbikes posting average speeds over . 
Its corner names (in order) are Sunset Bend, Dreamboat, Work Out, Scream, Black Rock Hairpin, Right Hook, Knock Out, Demon, Devil, Diablo, Indecision, Precision, Fast, Faster, Gotcha, Mabey Y'll Makit, Satisfaction, Agony, Ecstasy, 1st Attitude, 2nd Attitude, Bad Attitude, Tooele Turn, Kink, Club House Corner, Wind-Up, and Release.
Located to the North of the main track Miller Motorsports Park also contains a kart track that can be configured as a first-rate supermoto track with the inclusion of two dirt sections. The main straight approaches in length and in width. 
The facility has a paddock that contains 220 team garages, 40 day garages, 27 grand prix garages located along the hot pits, an on-site medical facility, five million dollar Club House, vintage car museum, and a helicopter pad.
Miller Motorsports Park has been named as the exclusive Ford High Performance Driving School providing a wide range of driver training programs including an opportunity to drive one of four Ford GT's on course.
During the annual Tour de Utah bicycle race, the park is known for hosting the tour's "trademark" time-trial stage.
History.
This track was originally conceived as a novelty track for Larry H. Miller, owner of the NBA's Utah Jazz and various automobile dealerships in the area, to use as a personal playground, with a budget of about $5 million. Due to enormous local motorcycle and auto industry support the concept gradually grew into an $85 million plus project, one of a kind in the U.S.
The track was designed by world renowned engineer Alan Wilson. 
The kart track was opened in September 2005 and the large track was opened to the public on 1 April 2006 when APEXtrackdays hosted the first motorcycle track day. A ceremony conducted by Miller kicked off this inaugural event.
In 2006, the track's first year of operation, it hosted the Utah Grand Prix with the American Le Mans Series, a Honda Summit of Speed AMA Superbike double-header event, and the Discount Tire Sunchaser, a nine-hour endurance race of the Rolex Sports Car Series. The Sunchaser was shortened to 1,000 km (620 miles) for 2007 and 2008, and to 250 miles for 2009 and 2010.
The track is also host to a WERA Grand National motorcycle roadracing event and the regional motorcycle road racing series Masters of the Mountains, promoted by the Utah sport bike association. 
The facility was named Motorsports Facility of the Year on 8 November 2006 by the Professional Motorsport World Expo in Cologne, Germany.
On 14 July 2007, the track hosted its first-ever NASCAR event with a Grand National West Series race on the Outer Track. The series has visited Miller every year since then, having switched to the outer course.
On 22 August 2007, Miller Motorsports Park announced a three-year deal to bring the FIM Superbike World Championship to the track; the Superbike World Championship will race at the track for the first time on 1 June 2008 with the AMA Superbike Championship. To avoid direct comparisons between World Superbike and AMA Superbike, and because of sponsorship issues, the two championships will race on different configurations of the circuit. World Superbike will use the Outer course, while AMA Superbike and its support classes will use the Full course.
The American Le Mans Series and Rolex Sports Car Series did not return to the Utah Grand Prix for 2011, and a K&N Pro Series West race was substituted. It was also announced that AMA Superbike would return to the track in 2011 with World Superbike.

</doc>
<doc id="5990780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990780" title="The Succession Wars">
The Succession Wars

The Succession Wars is a FASA Corporation wargame set in the "BattleTech" universe, representing the struggle for power at a strategic level.
Players assume the role of one of the five House Lords of the Inner Sphere, and fight to conquer all the other Houses and become the undisputed leader of a restored Star League. The rules are fairly simple by wargame standards, but ambiguous in places. The game uses an area-based mapboard. Units must be transported by JumpShips to move from region to region. The counters come in different sizes, representing leaders, Mech units, conventional forces, JumpShips, manufacturing centers, and markers. The game also comes with C-bill play money and events cards.
The main scenario is set in the "BattleTech" universe of 3025, shortly before the Fourth Succession War, and is unbalanced, in keeping with the unequal balance of power. There is also a First Succession War scenario, in which all players start off on an equal footing.

</doc>
<doc id="5990783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990783" title="Jim Jontz">
Jim Jontz

James Prather Jontz (December 18, 1951 – April 14, 2007) was an American politician who represented the Indiana's 5th congressional district, comprising rural north central Indiana, centering on Kokomo and Logansport. He served in the United States House of Representatives from 1987 to 1993. He was previously a state representative.
Early life, education, and early political career.
He was born in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1951. He graduated at the age of 17 from North Central High School in Washington Township in Indianapolis. 
Jontz began his collegiate studies at Williams College and transferred to Indiana University, where he graduated with honors (Phi Beta Kappa) in less than three years with a degree in geology. He was active in Crisis Biology and lobbied on behalf of a host of environmental causes while a student on the IU Bloomington campus. Despite a heavy study load, and involvement in student government and extra curricular affairs, Jontz co-founded the Indiana Public Interest Research Group as a Senior working project. He obtained a Master's Degree in History from Butler University, and graduated from Valparaiso University School of Law during his third term as State Representative .
His political career began in 1974, sparked by his opposition to a dam-building project in Central Indiana. Running for a seat in the Indiana House of Representatives against the dam's sponsor, John Guy, the House Majority Leader, he was elected at age 22 by a margin of only 2 votes. He was reelected five more times as a Democrat in a heavily Republican district, even after Republican gerrymandering in 1980 drastically re-drew his district. He was elected to the Indiana Senate in 1984, where he served for only two years before being elected to the U.S. House.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Elections.
Jontz was elected to Congress in 1986 after the retirement of 16-year incumbent Republican Bud Hillis. However, the Republican nominee, State Senator James Butcher, was wounded from a fractious Republican primary, allowing Jontz to win narrowly. He was handily reelected in 1988, but faced much stiffer competition in 1990. Jontz was a progressive Democrat, which seemingly made him a hard fit for his mostly rural north central Indiana district, centering on Kokomo and Logansport. 
Jontz relied on two key strategies for his congressional elections. First, he embraced a very personal style of populist politics that included frequent appearances in every community in his district. Secondly, Jontz assembled a highly talented and dedicated staff of individuals to work with him, and later many of them-including Tom Sugar, Mike Busch, and Kathy Altman-held prominent government positions.
Jontz was narrowly defeated in 1992 by Steve Buyer, an Army officer, Gulf War veteran, and lawyer making his first bid for office.
Committee assignments.
During his six-year tenure, he simultaneously held committee memberships on the House Agriculture, Education and Labor, Veterans Affairs, and Select Committee on Aging. He also championed the preservation of the ancient forests in the Pacific Northwest, and worked to foster collaborations between organized labor and environmentalists. He was considered by colleagues to be one of the hardest working members of the U.S. Congress.
His campaigns for Congress drew national attention. Celebrity supporters included singers Carole King, Bob Weir, and Don Henley, designer Liz Claiborne, and actors Bonnie Franklin and Woody Harrelson. Most of this support stemmed from Jontz's work on environmental issues.
1994 U.S. Senate election.
Jontz attempted to return to Washington in 1994 by challenging three-term Senator Dick Lugar He lost to Lugar by more than 600,000 votes, and even lost his old congressional district.
Post-congressional career.
Following his 1994 defeat, Jontz subsequently moved to Portland, Oregon, where he began working as Executive Director for the Western Ancient Forest Campaign. In 1999, Jontz helped organize the Alliance for Sustainable Jobs and the Environment (ASJE). While with WAFC, Jontz built an extremely effective grassroots organizing campaign, which pushed aggressively to protect forests, remove federal subsidies that financed clearcutting, and preserve millions of acres of previously unprotected roadless areas in National Forests. During his tenure with WAFC, he travelled extensively around the country forming relationships with state and local forest protection groups. As a result, Jontz was revered by forest activists throughout North America. In the spirit of Martin Luther King, Jr., Jontz participated in acts of civil disobedience — including blocking a logging road in the Siskiyou National Forest in Oregon — to raise awareness about the plight of ancient forests. Those courageous acts were hailed by forest advocates as further proof that Jontz was one of the greatest leaders of the modern environmental movement. In 1998, Jontz was elected president of Americans for Democratic Action (ADA). He was most recently the ADA president emeritus and served as a project coordinator for ADA's Working Families Win project.
Jontz died on April 14, 2007 in Portland, following a lengthy battle with colon cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="5990787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990787" title="Sardar Salim Jan Khan Mazari">
Sardar Salim Jan Khan Mazari

Sardar Salim Jan Khan Mazari (born 1940) is a prominent figure in the politics of Sindh province of Pakistan.
Sardar Salim Jan Mazari has been elected MPA for Kashmore on many occasions and has also served as a provincial minister for Sindh.
In October, 2002, he contested elections for the National Assembly of Pakistan but later resigned and contested for the Local Body Elections. Currently, Sardar Salim Jan Khan Mazari is serving as the District Nazim of Kashmore.

</doc>
<doc id="5990791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990791" title="Women Writers' Suffrage League">
Women Writers' Suffrage League

The Women Writers' Suffrage League (WWSL) was an organization in the United Kingdom formed in 1908 by Cicely Hamilton and Bessie Hatton.
The organization stated that it wanted "to obtain the Parliamentary Franchise for women on the same terms as it is, or may be, granted to men. Its methods are the methods proper to writers – the use of the pen."

</doc>
<doc id="5990800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990800" title="1982–83 OHL season">
1982–83 OHL season

The 1982–83 OHL season was the 3rd season of the Ontario Hockey League. Fifteen teams each played 70 games. The Oshawa Generals won the J. Ross Robertson Cup, defeating the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds. The Niagara Falls Flyers move to North Bay, Ontario, becoming the Centennials. The Guelph Platers are granted an expansion franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="5990807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990807" title="Malat">
Malat

Malat (, also Romanized as Malāţ) is a village in Daryasar Rural District, Kumeleh District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,034, in 326 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="5990821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990821" title="LNER Class K5">
LNER Class K5

The London and North Eastern Railway Class K5 consisted of a single rebuild of LNER Class K3 2-6-0 No. 206 (later No. 61863), rebuilt in 1945 by Edward Thompson. The rebuilt locomotive had a new boiler and two, instead of three, cylinders following earlier rebuilds of other Gresley designs. The clear aim of the rebuilds was to move away from the well established three cylinder policy achieving similar results through higher boiler pressure and two larger cylinders. Easier maintenance and greater availability was the objective.

</doc>
<doc id="5990829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990829" title="Wick Park Historic District">
Wick Park Historic District

Wick Park Historic District is a historic neighborhood on the north side of Youngstown, Ohio, with Wick Park as its centerpiece. During the first half of the 20th century, the residential district surrounding Wick Park included some of the city's most affluent neighborhoods. The district is "roughly bounded by 5th Ave, Park Ave, Elm St. and Broadway".
History.
In the era of industrialization, Youngstown's wealthiest business leaders and professionals migrated away from the downtown to the wooded areas near the city's northern border. These semi-suburban neighborhoods were secluded from the noisy activity of the city's steel mills and retail businesses. Wick Avenue is sometimes described as Youngstown's version of Euclid Avenue (Cleveland's Millionaire's Row), or Fifth Avenue in New York City: it was home to the community's most established families. 
Although some of these mansions have survived, few are currently used for residential purposes. Youngstown State University, whose campus is located south of Wick Park, purchased several of these homes and renovated them for administrative use. One campus-area mansion now holds the Arms Family Museum of Local History.
Surrounding features.
Running through the western portion of the district is Fifth Avenue, which is lined with stately homes that were built by members of the area's elite. The most well-preserved of these homes are located along the upper reaches of the street, near Gypsy Lane, in the North Heights neighborhood. On the western edge of Wick Park, on Fifth Avenue, stands the Neoclassical landmark Stambaugh Auditorium, which is also listed on the National Register. 
The most prominent landmark located south of the Wick Park Historic District is the former Pollock estate, which sits along the main artery of Wick Avenue. Restored and expanded in the 1980s, the mansion was turned into an upscale hotel known as the Wick-Pollock Inn. Since the hotel's closure in the late 1990s, the university allowed the renovated structure to sit vacant. However, in February 2010, the YSU Board of Trustees voted to restore the home and designate it as the official residence of the university president. YSU students have led recent efforts to restore the historic sunken garden located behind the structure. 
The George J. Renner, Jr. House, a house listed individually on the National Register, is also included in the district.
Revitalization.
Wick Park is named for donor James Wick, a Youngstown-area industrialist. The park occupies a central portion of the district and, maintained by the Youngstown Department of Parks and Recreation, is well tended. While it remains an important site of recreation, Wick Park draws fewer residents than the Metroparks' Mill Creek Park, which is the second largest metropolitan park in the United States behind New York City's Central Park. A recent effort to revitalize the park is being led by a coalition of local organizations including the Raymond John Wean Foundation, CityScape, Wick Park Neighborhood Association (www.wickparkneighbors.org) and Treez Please.

</doc>
<doc id="5990834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990834" title="LNER Class L1">
LNER Class L1

The London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) Class L1 was used for two different types of 2-6-4T steam locomotive at different times:

</doc>
<doc id="5990836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990836" title="John Bowen">
John Bowen

John or Jack Bowen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5990844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990844" title="Movsas Feigins">
Movsas Feigins

Movsas or Movša Feigins (28 February 1908 – 11 August 1950) was a Latvian chess master.
Biography.
Movsas Feigins was born in Dvinsk (then Russian Empire, now Daugavpils, Latvia). He won at Riga 1930, and was Latvian Champion in 1932 (after a play-off). In 1932, he tied for 3rd–5th at Riga. The event was won by Vladimirs Petrovs. In 1936/37, he tied for 4th–5th at Hastings. The event was won by Alexander Alekhine. In 1937, he tied for 15th–16th in the Kemeri 1937 chess tournament (Salo Flohr, Petrovs and Samuel Reshevsky won); took 2nd in Brussels ("Quadrangular", Alberic O'Kelly de Galway won); took 3rd, behind Petrovs and Fricis Apšenieks, in Riga (7th LAT-ch, Triangular), and took 2nd in Riga ("Quadrangular", Paul List won). In March 1939, he took 6th at Kemeri–Riga (Flohr won).
Feigins played for Latvia in five official Chess Olympiads. He also played at the 3rd unofficial Chess Olympiad at Munich 1936. 
He won two individual medals: bronze in 1933 and silver in 1936.
In September 1939, when World War II broke out, Feigins, along with many other participants of the 8th Chess Olympiad decided to stay permanently in Argentina.
In March 1941, Feigins tied for 6th–8th in the Mar del Plata 1941 chess tournament (Gideon Stahlberg won). In 1946, he took 3rd at Buenos Aires (La Roge). He died in poverty in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="5990847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990847" title="Pennsylvania Route 86">
Pennsylvania Route 86

Pennsylvania Route 86 (abbreviated PA 86, officially SR 886) is a state highway in northwest Pennsylvania. The northern terminus of the route is at U.S. Route 6, U.S. Route 19, and Pennsylvania Route 408 in Cambridge Springs. The southern terminus is at Pennsylvania Route 27 in Meadville.
Due to the presence of Interstate 86 (State Route 86) in Erie County, PA 86 is officially State Route 886.
Nearby attractions include Allegheny College and Woodcock Lake.
From 1936 to 1983, PA 86 extended from US 19 north of Waterford to PA 27 in Meadville. In 1983, the northern terminus was moved to its present location at US 6 and US 19 in Cambridge Springs.
Route description.
PA 86 begins at an intersection with PA 27 in Meadville, heading north on two-lane undivided North Main Street. The road passes a mix of homes and businesses, heading into more residential areas and passing to the east of Allegheny College. The route runs near more homes before briefly heading into West Mead Township, where it is known as North Main Street Extension. PA 86 crosses into Woodcock Township and becomes an unnamed road, passing through a mix of farms and woods with some homes. The route continues northeast and forms a short concurrency with PA 198. The road passes through the residential community of Grange Hall before continuing through more agricultural areas with occasional homes. PA 86 becomes Center Street prior to entering Woodcock, where the road passes a few residences on Main Street. The route crosses into Cambridge Township and becomes an unnamed road again, continuing through farmland and woodland with some homes. The road curves to the north and continues into Cambridge Springs, where it becomes South Main Street. Here, the route passes homes, turning northeast and heading into the commercial downtown. PA 86 crosses a Western New York and Pennsylvania Railroad line and immediately ends at an intersection with US 6/US 19 and PA 408.

</doc>
<doc id="5990854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990854" title="Coleman A. Young Municipal Center">
Coleman A. Young Municipal Center

The Coleman A. Young Municipal Center is a government office building and courthouse located at 2 Woodward Avenue in Downtown Detroit, Michigan. Originally called the City-County Building, it was renamed for the former Detroit Mayor Coleman A. Young, shortly after his death in 1997. It serves as the City of Detroit government headquarters.
The Coleman A. Young Municipal Center houses offices, courtrooms, and meeting rooms. The class-A office building stands near the Renaissance Center, Hart Plaza, One Detroit Center, Courtyard by Marriott - Downtown Detroit, and the Millender Center.
Architecture.
The modernist International-style building was designed by the architectural firm of Harley, Ellington and Day. Construction began on the skyscraper in 1951 and was completed in 1954. It is 20 floors tall, and including the basement has 21 total floors. 
Three sides of the building's exterior are faced with white Vermont marble with black marble spandrel panels beneath the windows of the Courts Tower to emphasize the building's vertical lines. The verticality of the tower section, with its white marble-clad piers and dark spandrels, offers a distinct contrast with the 14-story Administration Tower office section, in which horizontal lines are emphasized. The brick of the Randolph Street facade was not covered with marble to allow for a more economical future expansion. 
Towers.
The 14-story portion of this complex is called the Administration Tower and is tall, from the ground to the mechanical penthouse roof parapet. The Administration Tower holds offices for the City of Detroit and Wayne County, as well as doctor clinics, laboratories, a municipal library, and the City Council auditorium chambers on the 13th floor. 
The 20-story portion of this complex is called the Courts Tower and is tall. It contains office space on floors 1 through 8, and courtrooms, judges chambers, and jury rooms on floors 9 through 19, with the 20th floor housing the building's mechanical equipment. 
A marble wall element rises high stands west of the Courts Tower, and is connected to the tower by a canopy that forms the Woodward Avenue entrance. Bas reliefs of the Detroit and Wayne County seals are carved in the wall, along with a quote from the Bible (2 Corinthians 3:17) "Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty".
Statue.
The "Spirit of Detroit," a tall bronze statue by sculptor Marshall Fredericks, is located at the Courts Tower's marble wall element. As one of Detroit's most easily identifiable landmarks, a sketch of the statue appears as the central element of most of the logos of Detroit's city departments and services. 
When Detroit sports teams (the Red Wings, Pistons and Tigers) have been in contention for their league's championship, the statue has traditionally been outfitted with a huge version of the appropriate team's jersey.
Skyway.
An enclosed skyway over Randolph Street connects to the Millender Center, Courtyard by Marriott - Downtown Detroit, and the Renaissance Center as a sort of "enclosed city within a city". Entrance from the walkway to the third-floor level requires a security pass, and persons without a pass must return to the main floor entrance.
Operations.
The Coleman A. Young Municipal Center is operated by the Detroit-Wayne Joint Building Authority, which was created in 1948 by the Michigan Legislature. The building contains a library, a courthouse, and the city hall. 
When it opened, the City-County Building replaced both the historic Detroit City Hall and Wayne County Building. Many Wayne County offices have since moved to the nearby Guardian Building which now serves as the county's headquarters. The offices of the Wayne County Clerk remain in the building as does one division of the Wayne County (Third Judicial) Circuit Court, Circuit Court Administrative Offices and the Wayne County Probate Court.
On June 28, 2008, the Coleman A. Young Municipal Center was struck by lightning during a series of intense thunderstorms, and caused a transformer fire within the building. It re-opened for service on July 9, 2008. The smoke and fire damage is easily visible across the river, in Windsor, Ontario, where many windows have been removed, or have shattered.

</doc>
<doc id="5990868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990868" title="Schönau">
Schönau

Schönau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5990869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990869" title="Jari Isometsä">
Jari Isometsä

Jari Olavi Isometsä (born September 11, 1968 in Alatornio, now a part of Tornio) is a former Finnish cross country skier who competed from 1990 to 2006. He won three bronze medals in the 4 x 10 km relay at the Winter Olympics (1992, 1994, 1998).
Isometsä also won four medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with two silvers (4 x 10 km: 1995, 1997) and two bronzes (4 x 10 km: 1991, 10 km + 15 km combined pursuit: 1995). In the World Cup, he took four victories in races between 10 km and 30 km.
Isometsä was among the six Finnish skiers who were caught of doping in the Finnish 2001 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships scandal for taking hydroxyethyl starch (HES), a blood plasma expander usually used to cover up the use of erythropoietin (EPO) in athletes. He was stripped of his silver medal in the 10 km + 10 km combined pursuit and served a two year suspension from the FIS, IOC, and World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), effectively ending his career as a world-class skier.
Since July 2009 Isometsä has worked as a sales manager for football club FC Honka.
In 2013, Isometsä received a 6-month suspended sentence after the Helsinki District Court found that he had committed perjury when witnessing to the court in 2011 that he was unaware of any doping use in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="5990873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990873" title="Philip Mayfield">
Philip Mayfield

Philip William Mayfield (born 7 November 1937 in Williams Lake, British Columbia) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2004. He was previously a minister in the United Church of Canada.
Mayfield was elected in Cariboo—Chilcotin electoral district for the Reform Party in 1993. He was re-elected in 1997 and 2000 thus serving in the 35th, 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments.
He retired from politics in 2004 after completing his third term in federal office.

</doc>
