<doc id="5922015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922015" title="Edward Ellice (Scottish politician)">
Edward Ellice (Scottish politician)

Edward Ellice, the younger (19 August 1810 – 2 August 1880) was a Scottish Liberal Party politician.
He was the eldest son of Edward Ellice, from his first marriage to Hannah Althea Grey, the youngest sister of Earl Grey, and was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge. In 1832, he was appointed as Private Secretary to Lord Durham for his diplomatic mission to Russia.
Ellice was an unsuccessful candidate for Inverness Burghs in the 1835 general election, but was elected to represent Huddersfield in a May 1837 by-election. In the general election that year he was elected to represent St Andrews Burghs, a seat he held until 1880.
Ellice continued as Durham's private secretary during his term as Governor General of the Province of Canada; whilst he was working in Canada, his wife was briefly captured during the Rebellions of 1837. He remained a backbencher throughout his political career, taking special interest in the reform of the Poor Laws. He supported the idea of "clearance", but viewed indiscriminate forcible eviction of the peasantry as "cruel and indefensible" (Spain, 2004).
He was offered a peerage by William Gladstone in 1869, but declined the offer, and retired from Parliament in early 1880, shortly before his death. 
Ellice married Katherine Balfour, daughter of General Balfour of Balbirnie, in 1834. Following her death in 1864, he married in 1867 Eliza Stewart, daughter of Thomas Campbell Hagart of Bantaskine, widow of Alexander Spiers of Elderslie.

</doc>
<doc id="5922018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922018" title="Just Say No (play)">
Just Say No (play)

Just Say No, a 1988 play by American writer Larry Kramer, was an attack on the Ronald Reagan administration and the Mayor of New York, Ed Koch, over what Kramer saw as their hypocrisy and inertia in responding to AIDS. It was less successful than Kramer's previous play, "The Normal Heart", possibly due to its sharply political tone. In nineteen years there have only been three major productions of Just Say No - in New York at the WPA in 1988, in Chicago at the Bailiwick Theatre in 1999 and in Los Angeles at Theatre of NOTE in 2007.
�

</doc>
<doc id="5922019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922019" title="Monster (Walter Dean Myers novel)">
Monster (Walter Dean Myers novel)

Monster is a young-adult drama novel by American author Walter Dean Myers and was published by Harpercollins in 1999. It was nominated for the 1999 National Book Award for Young People's Literature, won the Michael L. Printz Award in 2000, and was named a Coretta Scott King Award Honor the same year.
The book uses a mixture of a third-person screenplay and a first-person diary format to tell, through the perspective of Steve Harmon, an African American teenager, the story of his trial for felony murder in the state of New York.
Plot.
The novel's plot focuses on 16-year-old Steve's experiences during his trial both while waiting in prison and inside the actual courtroom. He is an aspiring filmmaker who records the events of his trial in screenplay format, interspersed with personal journal entries of exposition and his own thoughts.
Steve's trial involves four young men (three black and one Hispanic) all allegedly involved in a robbery that ended in a murder. At this stage, only two of the men are still on trial—James King and Steve—since the other two—Richard "Bobo" Evans and Osvaldo Cruz—have entered into a deal by pleading guilty. Sandra Petrocelli, the state prosecutor, opens the trial by deeming the four young men, including Steve, "monsters." 
Petrocelli first calls to the stand the youngest of the four: Osvaldo Cruz. Cruz describes his participation with three others in a drugstore robbery that resulted in the unplanned murder of the drugstore's proprietor, Alguinaldo Nesbitt. According to Cruz, the original plan was that Steve would go into the drugstore, check for police or citizens, and then make a signal if the coast was clear. After King and Bobo robbed Nesbitt, Cruz would be responsible for slowing down any person who chased them. All sources indicate that Nesbitt, however, drew a gun to defend himself against the robbers, which one of the robbers then wrestled him for, causing Nesbitt's death when the gun discharged. Bobo takes the witness stand to confirm that James King pulled the trigger and Steve, who he hardly knew, was indeed meant to signal an all-clear, though Bobo admits that he never learned what the exact signal was, since he assumed King knew and simply followed King's lead.
A small giveaway is what has linked Bobo and King to the robbery in the first place: in addition to money, Bobo (and, according to him, King too) took five cases of cigarettes as an afterthought to the robbery, which an employee of the drugstore later noticed. In the meantime, Bobo, and possibly King, sold the cigarettes to a man named Salvatore Zinzi who dealt in stolen goods. When Zinzi was arrested for buying stolen goods, the police offered to shorten his sentence if he would testify against Bobo and King. In his self-serving testimony, Zinzi thus confirms that he bought five cases of cigarettes from James King and Bobo Evans which they said came from a robbery.
King's lawyer, Asa Briggs, argues that neither King nor Steve were ever involved in the robbery whatsoever, since the only eye-witness to the robbery, the elderly Lorelle Henry, mentioned seeing merely two robbers, which Briggs argues can be accounted for by Bobo and Cruz alone. Lorelle Henry testifies as a key witness that she saw two men begin an argument with Nesbitt and seize him by the collar before she hurriedly left the store, moments before the shooting. 
Steve's own lawyer, Kathy O'Brien, is doubtful towards Steve's innocence, but wisely has him distance himself from King. Steve appears to know King and Cruz only as remote acquaintances, and to know Bobo even less. Steve testifies that he does not particularly remember where he was on the day of the robbery, but that he certainly was not a participant. O'Brien and Briggs systematically continue to cast the honesty of Petrocelli's witnesses in doubt. Although many of the testimonies contradict, even the most incriminating toward Steve claims only that he acted as a lookout in the first stage of the robbery; even so, the death penalty is a possibility for him.
Others testify, including a teacher at Steve's school named George Sawicki, who heads the film club. Sawicki proudly defends Steve's moral character. The three lawyers—Briggs, O'Brien, and Petrocelli—finally make their closing statements, before the jury decides on a verdict. James King is found guilty of murder and Steve is found not guilty. As Steve triumphantly moves to hug O'Brien, she coldly turns away, leaving Steve to wonder why.
Themes and format.
The novel talks about the theme of identifying, peer pressure, (de-)humanization, and the relative or subjective nature of the truth. The style in which this book was written is not typical of novels, giving the impression of a screenplay, written by Steve Harmon. Using visuals like "fade in", "voice over", and “fade out. One critic said, "Presented alternately as the firstperson, handwritten memoir... a neatly typed screenplay." Critics have commented on the "surface effects – marginalia, drawing, photographs, mugshots, and video stills – to offer an analysis of the complex identities that emerge in the context of such surfaces." Another critic complemented, ""Monster" is an experiment in form and structure," demonstrating Steve's "vent his passionate perplexity."
Autobiographical elements.
As a young man, he struggled with a speech impediment that caused many of his classmates and teachers to ridicule him and think him unintelligent. Myers often got into trouble at school for selling drugs in school and on the streets. When trying to defend himself against the ridicule, many labeled him a “Monster" much like how Steve Harmon was labeled a "Monster." Later, while working as a construction worker, Myers decided to follow advice given to him by his high school writing teacher and began writing at night after work, just as the character Steve Harmon writes throughout the novel.
In New York City there is a long established law that allows a person to use deadly physical force when they reasonably believe it is necessary and there is no chance of retreating from danger. In most cases of robbery when the suspect is a minor (case depending) they are only held until they are 18. However, when there is a murder involved this rule no longer applies and the juvenile can be incarcerated for much longer.

</doc>
<doc id="5922022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922022" title="Air Tahoma Flight 185">
Air Tahoma Flight 185

Air Tahoma Flight 185 was a scheduled cargo flight from Memphis to the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport conducted by Air Tahoma as part of a contract to freight parcels for courier firm DHL. On August 13, 2004, the flight crashed during approach to landing just one mile short of the runway. The Convair 580, which is a twin engine turboprop, was destroyed upon impact. The first officer was killed and the captain received minor injuries.
History of the flight.
On August 13, 2004 at about 00:49 Eastern Daylight Time, Air Tahoma, Inc., Flight 185 crashed about one mile south of Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG), in Florence, Kentucky while on approach to runway 36R. The first officer was killed and the captain received minor injuries. The airplane was destroyed by impact forces. The flight was operating as a cargo flight for DHL Express from Memphis International Airport to CVG. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the flight, which operated on an instrument flight rules flight plan.
Official investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board determined that the probable cause of this accident was fuel starvation resulting from the captain’s decision not to follow approved fuel crossfeed procedures. Different output pressure settings on the fuel boost pumps coupled with the open crossfeed valve resulted in both engines drawing fuel from the left tank. All of the fuel from the airplane’s left tank that was not used by the engines was transferred into the right tank due to the pressure differential between the boost pumps. During the airplane’s descent to landing, the fuel in the left fuel tank became exhausted. Both engine-driven fuel pumps drew air from the exhausted left tank into the fuel system, resulting in a dual-engine flameout.
Contributing to the accident were the captain’s inadequate preflight planning, his subsequent distraction during the flight, and his late initiation of the in-range checklist. Further contributing to the accident was the flight crew’s failure to monitor the fuel gauges and to recognize that the airplane’s changing handling characteristics were caused by a fuel imbalance.

</doc>
<doc id="5922025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922025" title="Ashurst LLP">
Ashurst LLP

Ashurst LLP is a global law firm headquartered in London, United Kingdom and a member of the 'Silver Circle' of leading UK law firms. Ashurst is the UK's 7th largest law firm by revenue. It has 24 offices in 14 countries across Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East and North America and employs around 1,700 legal advisers.
Its principal business focus is mergers and acquisitions, corporate and structured finance. The firm also has practices in other areas including investment funds, antitrust, energy, transport and infrastructure, intellectual property, IT, dispute resolution, financial services, tax, real estate, regulatory, telecommunication and employment.
History.
Ashurst Morris Crisp.
The firm was founded in 1822, at 6 Old Jewry in the City of London. The first 100 years of Ashurst Morris Crisp, as it was then known, were dominated by three men: progressive political activist William H. Ashurst, liquidation mastermind John Morris and corporate specialist Sir Frank Crisp.
Ashurst Morris Crisp grew to have one of the best pedigrees in the business. It spent years in the upper echelons of the City's corporate advisers.
Growth and Financial Crisis.
After rebranding as Ashurst LLP in 2003, the firm was faced with profits lagging its peer group and the risk of a contracting work force. One abortive initiative in 2004 that allowed the management to pay high performers additional bonuses was seen as symbolic of the defensiveness of the time. However, the team of veteran senior partner Geoffrey Green and managing partner Simon Bromwich were to begin having more success in managing the firm. Partly this involved a more actively managed partnership and a handful of discreetly handled exits. The firm was also able to make more progress in building up its core M&A practice, in particular improving its investment banking links, and dealing with quality problems in its foreign network. The firm was also aided by a continued strong performance from its finance practice. With partner profits rocketing in 2007 to take top earners past the £1m mark, placing the firm comfortably in the UK top 10 in profitability.
In 2008, the firm voted in highly rated corporate partner Charlie Geffen to succeed Green as senior partner after an election against veteran litigator Ed Sparrow. The credit turmoil that gripped financial markets in the summer of 2007, which became a full-blown banking crisis and recession the following year, had a substantial impact on Ashurst's core practice lines. Profits fell and revenue suffered a dip. But the firm quickly steered itself out of trouble, and figures began to rise again.
Combination with Blake Dawson.
Ashurst announced strong 2011 results, with profit per partner rising 5% to £723,000 and total revenue growing 3.5% to £303 million. As of the summer of 2011, Ashurst had over 900 lawyers, including over 200 partners, in 12 countries.
On 1 March 2012, Ashurst merged its Asian business with that of Australian law firm Blake Dawson, a member of the Big Six, Blake Dawson being renamed as Ashurst Australia across all offices.
Blake Dawson had its origins in Melbourne in 1841 when James Hunter Ross emigrated from Scotland and set up practice in a tent on the corner of Bourke and William Streets in Melbourne. In 1874, he adopted the name of Blake & Riggall, which remained unchanged for 114 years. In 1881, George Charles King Waldron commenced practice in Pitt Street in Sydney under the name of Dawson Waldron.
From the early years, these two firms played a significant part in the legal system in Victoria and New South Wales, with a substantial commercial, litigation and property practice. The firm's client base included large corporations, banks, mining and pastoral companies. 
Blake Dawson Waldron was formed in 1988 through a merger of Blake & Riggall (Melbourne, Brisbane), Dawson Waldron (Sydney, Canberra and Singapore), Collison Hunt & Richardson (Perth) and McCubbery Train Love and Thomas (Port Moresby). This merger brought together lawyers from all of the major commercial centres in Australia as well as important centres in the Asia and Pacific regions. Three further Asian offices were established, in Jakarta in 1988, Shanghai in 1995 and Singapore in 2009. 
In 2007, the firm underwent re-branding, and as part of this project, shortened its name to Blake Dawson. The name change drew some attention from the local press and the "Australian Financial Review", a respected business newspaper, published a story about a homosexual pornographic actor who shared the same name. Blake Dawson, the actor, had appeared in "The Diary" in 1982 and "Spring Semester" in 1985. The law firm continued to proceed with the name change after the story was published. In 2009, it was announced that the partnership of Blake Dawson was considering cutting up to 100 staff in a bid to reduce costs and preserve profit. Blake Dawson was the first top tier law firm in Australia to announce anticipated redundancies during the 2009 economic downturn.
As a result of the combination, Ashurst now has 1,700 lawyers and 3,500 staff working across 24 offices, with worldwide revenue exceeding £550 million. Ashurst has also gained new offices in Adelaide, Brisbane, Canberra, Jakarta, Melbourne, Perth, Port Moresby, Shanghai and Sydney. This significantly increases Ashurst's resources and its stronghold in the energy & resources, infrastructure and financial services sectors.
The business merger has propelled Ashurst to new heights, now 25th in the list of 100 largest law firms in the world by revenue and 7th in the list of largest UK law firms by revenue. It has overtaken Magic Circle firm Slaughter & May in total revenue, making it a serious contender for the top 5 in years to come.

</doc>
<doc id="5922038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922038" title="WAJN-LP">
WAJN-LP

WAJN-LP was a low-power television station in Brookston, Indiana, broadcasting locally on channel 43. Founded April 24, 2002, the station was owned by Jerald Nay. 
On August 31, 2011, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) cancelled the station's license due it being silent for greater than twelve months. The station's call sign was deleted from the FCC's database.

</doc>
<doc id="5922039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922039" title="Tamel (São Veríssimo)">
Tamel (São Veríssimo)

Tamel (São Veríssimo) is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Barcelos. It has a population of 3,115 inhabitants and a total area of 3.80 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5922051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922051" title="Daniel Lindström (album)">
Daniel Lindström (album)

Daniel Lindström is the eponymous debut album of Swedish pop singer Daniel Lindström, released in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5922058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922058" title="Tregosa">
Tregosa

Tregosa is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Barcelos. It has a population of 695 inhabitants and a total area of 5.05 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5922061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922061" title="List of United States Air Force Field Operating Agencies">
List of United States Air Force Field Operating Agencies

This is a list of Field Operating Agencies (FOA) in the United States Department of the Air Force that are active. FOAs report directly to a functional manager in either the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force or the Air Staff. FOAs perform field activities beyond the scope of any of the major commands. Their activities are specialized or associated with an Air Force wide mission.
Sources.
"Airman Magazine 2011 The Book" pp. 17-19

</doc>
<doc id="5922062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922062" title="James R. Spencer">
James R. Spencer

James Randolph Spencer is a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. He was born in Florence, South Carolina in 1949 and attended Clark College in Atlanta, Georgia, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in 1971. He earned Juris Doctor in 1974 at Harvard Law School. He is currently presiding over the highly visible trial of former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell who is charged with federal corruption.
After Harvard, he was commissioned as a Captain in the United States Army JAG Corps. He served in that capacity from 1975 until 1978. After being Honorably Discharged from the active duty, he took a job as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, serving there from 1978 until 1983. He also was recommissioned in the U.S. Army Reserves, serving as a Military Judge from 1981 until 1986. From 1983 until 1986, he served as an Assistant United States District Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia.
James R. Spencer was nominated by President Ronald Reagan on September 9, 1986 to the a seat on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Richmond Division. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 8, 1986 and received his commission on October 14, 1986. He was the first African American to be nominated to this position in this district.
In 1985, Judge Spencer earned a master of divinity degree from Howard University.
From 2004 to 2011, Judge Spencer was Chief Judge of the Eastern District of Virginia. He was succeeded as Chief Judge by Rebecca Beach Smith.
His wife, Margaret Spencer is a Judge on the Richmond, Virginia Circuit Court. 
Judge Spencer took Senior Status on March 25, 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="5922065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922065" title="Frigyes Riedl">
Frigyes Riedl

Frigyes Riedl (Ladomér, September 12, 1856 – Budapest, August 7, 1921) was a prominent Hungarian essayist, critic and literature historian. His most famous work is the monography of János Arany, one of the most important 19th century Hungarian poets.

</doc>
<doc id="5922070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922070" title="Arnold Worldwide">
Arnold Worldwide

Arnold Worldwide is an advertising agency headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. The agency has 12 offices in 10 countries, including Boston, Lisbon, London, Madrid, Milan, New York, Prague, São Paulo Shanghai, Sydney, Toronto and Washington DC. The agency is part of Havas, a global advertising holding company based in France.
History.
Arnold Rosoff founded Arnold Worldwide, formerly Arnold & Co. and Arnold Communications, in 1946. Rosoff continued to serve as chairman until his retirement in 1986. Upon retirement, Rosoff sold the agency to his employees. Ed Eskandarian acquired the agency in 1990. 
Eskandarian grew Arnold "through about a dozen acquisitions". In 1995, Eskandarian, a former partial-owner of the Boston Red Sox, sold Arnold to Snyder Communications. Havas acquired Snyder Communications in 2000.
"Advertising Age" ranked Arnold as the 19th largest American agency in 2005 with revenues of $114m. A year later, "Advertising Age" listed Arnold Worldwide as the 28th largest American agency with revenues of just under $90m. According to "Adweek", Arnold Worldwide's revenue in 2009 was estimated at $235m. 
After struggling to gain accounts earlier in the year, Arnold Worldwide won the Panasonic account at the end of 2009. The agency hired Andrew Benett as CEO in February 2010 and had won eighteen new client accounts by the end of the year, earning them the "2010 Comeback Agency of the Year" title from "Ad Age". In 2011, "Ad Age" chose Arnold as one of 10 agencies to be included on its annual Agency A-List. "The Delaney Report", an industry newsletter, declared Arnold Worldwide "Best Ad Agency in the Nation" for the third quarter of 2010 as a result of their "strong new business track record." 
In 2010, Arnold opened an additional office in Amsterdam. The agency also formed Arnold KLP, which was the result of a merger between Arnold London and Euro RSCG KLP.
Eskandarian retired at the end of 2010.
Notable work.
truth.
Arnold Worldwide, along with Crispin Porter + Bogusky created work for truth, the largest and most successful youth smoking prevention campaign in the country. In 2009, a reader poll conducted by "Adweek" named truth the campaign of the decade. Arnold's work for truth has picked up two Emmy Awards.
Progressive.
Arnold Worldwide is the agency behind Progressive's "Superstore" campaign featuring Flo. Flo has appeared in more than 50 TV spots since the campaign's 2008 launch, "Entertainment Weekly"'s readers named Flo "Advertising's Greatest Icon" on February 6, 2011. 
Volkswagen.
Arnold Worldwide created the "Drivers wanted" campaign for Volkswagen of America with the slogan “On the road of life there are passengers and there are drivers. Drivers wanted.” The slogan is the most recognized in the American automotive industry. The campaign launched in 1995 and was the driving force behind Volkswagen's ad campaigns for more than a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="5922080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922080" title="2001 Minnesota Twins season">
2001 Minnesota Twins season

The 2001 Minnesota Twins marked the beginning of the Twins’ ascendancy in the American League Central Division. After finishing the 2000 season last in the division with a disappointing 69-93 record, the 2001 team rebounded to finish 85-77, good enough for second place in the division. The six-year run of winning seasons that followed is the longest such stretch in franchise history. In his last year as manager, Tom Kelly continued the development of a core of young players who would win their division the following year.
Regular season.
Offense.
The team had consistent starters, many of whom performed well. First baseman Doug Mientkiewicz, who had a disappointing 1999 season and spent most of 2000 in the minors, had what seemed to be a breakout year, hitting .306 with 14 home runs and 74 RBI. Second baseman Luis Rivas appeared to be on the verge of breaking out as well, hitting .266 but stealing a team-leading 31 bases. Shortstop Cristian Guzman built on his solid 2000 season by batting .302, stealing 25 bases, and once again leading the major leagues in triples with 14. His numbers were solid enough to earn him his first and only all-star berth. Third baseman Corey Koskie had his best year, hitting .276, with 26 home runs and 103 RBI. Amazingly, he also stole 27 bases. A.J. Pierzynski had a solid year for a catcher, batting .289 with 7 home runs. The ”Soul Patrol” outfield of Jacque Jones in left, Torii Hunter in center, and Matt Lawton in right continued to impress, although Lawton was traded midway through the season. The biggest offensive question mark was the designated hitter position, with David Ortiz spending much of the year injured—as was often the case during his Twins tenure. He started only 78 games as the DH, with Chad Allen starting 22 and Brian Buchanan 19.
Pitching.
Brad Radke, Eric Milton, and Joe Mays capably filled the first three spots in the starting rotation throughout the year, with Milton and Mays earning all-star berths for their efforts. The final two spots were question marks, with Kyle Lohse making 16 uninspired starts, and J.C. Romero eleven. (The team had still not figured out that Romero was better suited to the bullpen.) Because of the weak back end of the rotation, the team traded Lawton for pitcher Rick Reed midway through the year. Reed did not quite meet expectations, going 4-6 with a 5.19 ERA in twelve starts.
The bullpen was in flux. LaTroy Hawkins struggled as the team’s closer, leading to Eddie Guardado earning 12 saves. Guardado, Jack Cressend, Todd Jones, and Mark Redman had serviceable years, but Bob Wells, Héctor Carrasco, and Juan Rincón did not.
Defense.
Like most of Tom Kelly’s teams, the defense was exceptional. It was anchored by Mientkiewicz, who earned a Gold Glove award for his efforts. Rivas and Guzman were an impressive double-play combination, while Koskie improved defensively. After a season of uncertainty behind the plate in 2000, Pierzynski solidified the catcher position, backed up by Tom Prince. The speedy ”Soul Patrol” outfield of Jones, Hunter, and Lawton was fun to watch. Lawton’s departure left a void that Brian Buchanan would attempt to fill. However, as the team fell out of contention, he would give way to the platoon of Bobby Kielty and Dustan Mohr, known by fans collectively as ”Dusty Kielmohr.”
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
Other batters.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
Farm system.
LEAGUE CO-CHAMPIONS: New Britain

</doc>
<doc id="5922099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922099" title="The Danny Thomas Hour">
The Danny Thomas Hour

The Danny Thomas Hour is an American anthology television series that was broadcast on NBC during the 1967-68 television season.
Synopsis.
"The Danny Thomas Hour" comprised various formats, including dramas, comedies and musical-variety hours, produced on videotape and film. Thomas hosted the dramas and the musical-variety hours, starring in the latter. One of the comedies was an hour-long sequel to his former situation comedy, "The Danny Thomas Show" (aka "Make Room for Daddy"). Thomas also starred in all of the comedy episodes, both those based on his old show and those which were not.
Notable guest stars.
Notable guest stars included:
Episodes.
1) "The Wonderful World of Burlesque edition" {videotape} (September 11, 1967)
Phil Silvers, Cyd Charisse, Nanette Fabray, Tennessee Ernie Ford, guests<br>
2) "Instant Money" {film} (September 18, 1967) featuring Sid Caesar, Don Adams, Abby Dalton, Richard Deacon<br>
3) "The Scene" {film} (September 25, 1967) Robert Stack, Geraldine Chaplin, Michael J. Pollard<br>
4) "It's Greek To Me" {videotape} (October 2, 1967) featuring Juliet Prowse, Vic Damone, Buddy Hackett, Joe Besser<br>
5) "The Demon Under the Bed" {film} (October 9, 1967) Bing Crosby, George Maharis, Joan Collins, Mary Frances Crosby<br>
6) "The Danny Thomas Hour from Sea World" {videotape} (October 23, 1967)
John Gary, Maura McGivney, The Young Americans, guests<br>
7) "Fame is a Four-Letter Word" {film} (October 30, 1967) Barry Sullivan, Michael Rennie, Richard Conte, Geraldine Brooks, Aldo Ray, Carolyn Jones<br>
8) "Make More Room For Daddy" {videotape} (November 6, 1967) featuring Marjorie Lord, Rusty Hamer, Angela Cartwright, Sid Melton, Amanda Randolph, Hans Conried, Jana Taylor, Edward Andrews<br>
9) "The Enemy" {film} (November 20, 1967) Sammy Davis Jr., Henry Silva, Peter Brown<br>
10) "The Zero Man" {film} (November 27, 1967) Red Buttons, Nehemiah Persoff, Stephen McNally<br>
11) "The Royal Follies of 1933" {videotape} (December 11, 1967)
Shirley Jones, Gale Gordon, Ken Berry, Hans Conried, Bob Hope, guests; Johnny Carson, narrator<br>
12) "The Cricket on the Hearth" {animated film} (December 18, 1967) Roddy McDowall, narrator<br>
13) "Is Charlie Coming?" {film} (December 25, 1967) Van Johnson, Janice Rule, Jack Carter, Alan Hewitt<br>
14) "America, I Love You" {videotape} (January 8, 1968)
Andy Williams, Polly Bergen, Van Johnson, Louis Prima, guests<br>
15) "The Cage" {film} (January 15, 1968) Bobby Darin, Dean Stockwell, Lloyd Nolan, Arch Johnson, Sugar Ray Robinson<br>
16) "The Measure of a Man" {film} (January 22, 1968) Richard Kiley, Bradford Dillman, Anne Baxter, Clarence Williams III, Walter Brooke<br>
17) "The Last Hunters" {film} (January 29, 1968) Richard Todd, Olivia DeHavilland, Dane Clark<br> 
18) "One For My Baby" {film} (February 5, 1968) Janet Leigh, Ricardo Montalban, Charles Ruggles, Rick Jason, Strother Martin<br>
19) "Fear is the Chain" {film} (February 19, 1968) Van Heflin, Horst Buchholz, May Britt<br>
20) "Thomas at Tahoe" {film} (February 26, 1968)<br>
(March 4, 1968) James Whitmore, Enzo Cerusico, Dorothy Provine, Hal March, Rose Marie, Walter Pidgeon, Jeanne Crain<br>
22) "Two For Penny" {film} (March 11, 1968) featuring Bill Bixby, Donna Loren, Michael Constantine<br>
23) "The Wonderful World of Burlesque edition" {videotape; repeat of December 11, 1966 special} (March 18, 1968)
Carol Channing, Mickey Rooney, Wayne Newton, guests

</doc>
<doc id="5922109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922109" title="Várzea">
Várzea

Várzea may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5922111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922111" title="Winstead's">
Winstead's

Winstead's is a hamburger chain based in Kansas City, Missouri. The chain opened in 1940 and has nine locations in Kansas and Missouri. Apart from its burgers, Winstead's is known for the Streamline Moderne style of its original restaurant, and "skyscraper" sodas and milkshakes built to serve five or six. The chain is owned by Haddad Restaurant Group.
"Food Network Magazine" rated Winstead's the Best Hamburger in the state of Kansas. Food critic Calvin Trillin considers Winstead's to have the world's best cheeseburgers.
History.
Winstead's Drive-In was founded in Springfield, Illinois by Kathryn Winstead in 1936. Winstead's was one of the first drive-in restaurants in the United States. Customers would back into a stall, flash their lights, and a car hop would come out to take the order and deliver food. Around 1938, Kathryn's brother Jack opened a second Winstead's in their hometown of Jacksonville, Illinois. A sister of Jack and Kathryn opened another location in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
In 1932, Fannie Winstead Garst moved from Sedalia, Missouri to Springfield, Illinois, after her husband, Jesse D. Garst, died. Fannie moved to Illinois to live with her sisters Kathryn and Nellie Winstead. In exchange for room and board, Fannie helped her sisters run the Winstead's Drive-In in Springfield. The Winstead family was originally from Smithton, Missouri, and they wanted to return to their Missouri roots. The Winstead sisters returned to Missouri and opened Garst's Drive-In in July 1937. The new drive-in in Sedalia was the first drive-in restaurant west of the Mississippi River.
Nellie and her husband, Gordon Montgomery, began discussing with Kathryn the possibility of opening a Winstead's in Kansas City, Missouri, in the area of the Country Club Plaza. The Winstead sisters found a location just to the east of the Country Club Plaza, near 47th and Main streets; however, they were hesitant to open at the location because Kansas City was run by political machine boss Tom Pendergast, and all new development in and around the Plaza area was run through the powerful real estate developer J.C. Nichols. Nellie and Kathryn Winstead decided to move forward with the Kansas City store, and it opened in 1940. Fannie Winstead Garst remained in Sedalia, where she continued to operate Garst's Drive-In. Instead of offering only car hop service, the new location in Kansas City, built in a Streamline Moderne style, accommodated customers both inside and outside the restaurant. The sisters struggled to keep the restaurant open during World War II as a result of beef rationing; however, the restaurant flourished following the end of the war. They eventually bought the property that they were initially leasing from J.C. Nichols. A second Kansas City area Winstead's was opened in Lee's Summit, Missouri. Johnny Ray's Drive-In is now located in the former Winstead's building in Lee's Summit.
Kathryn Winstead retired from the restaurant business in 1952, and she turned over control of the business to Nellie and Gordon Montgomery. They added french fries and milkshakes to the limited menu in 1957. Kathryn Winstead died in 1967, and the Montgomerys sold Winstead's restaurant two years later to Morris and Victor Lerner, brothers who owned King Louie International, a Kansas City-based corporation that ran bowling alleys and made bowling attire. The Lerners expanded by opening two new Winstead's locations - one in North Kansas City and the other in Overland Park, Kansas. 
In 1982, the Lerner family sold King Louie International to an investment group that considered closing or divesting themselves of the small chain. A local restaurateur, Nabil Haddad, a franchisee and a major stockholder in the McDonald's corporation, today oversees nine Winstead's locations in the greater Kansas City area. Each of the Winstead's locations has a distinctive tower on the front of an art deco-style building. 

</doc>
<doc id="5922118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922118" title="Várzea (Barcelos)">
Várzea (Barcelos)

Várzea is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Barcelos. It has a population of 1,648 inhabitants and a total area of 2.91 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5922127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922127" title="The Second Hundred Years">
The Second Hundred Years

The Second Hundred Years may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5922145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922145" title="Stay Under the Stars">
Stay Under the Stars

Stay Under The Stars is the critically acclaimed second major album by Teitur Lassen, released in Scandinavia in May 2006, and in the rest of the world in September 2006. It was recorded in London at Kensaltown Studios and produced by Martin Terefe (Ron Sexsmith, KT Tunstall, Jason Mraz). 
Following his departure from Universal Music, Teitur founded Arlo & Betty Records for this album and licensed the album to Scandinavia's Playground Music and North America's Equator Records. The album reached the top 10 in Denmark and has received favorable reviews worldwide. The song "All My Mistakes" appears on the CD release "Songs for Tibet", also featuring Alanis Morissette, Sting, Dave Matthews, Damien Rice and Imogen Heap.

</doc>
<doc id="5922153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922153" title="Crates (comic poet)">
Crates (comic poet)

Crates () was an Athenian Old Comic poet, who was victorious three times at the City Dionysia, first probably in the late 450s or very early 440s BCE (IG II2 2325. 52; just before Callias and Teleclides); a scholium on Aristophanes "Knights" 537 (test. 3. 2) reports that he was originally one of Cratinus' actors. Aristophanes at "Knights" 537–40 (424 BCE) refers to him as an important representative of the previous generation, and according to Aristotle in the "Poetics" (test. 5) the influence of the Sicilian comic poets made him the first Athenian comic poet to abandon the ‘iambic’ style and produce plays with a connected storyline. The "Suda" (test. 1. 1) reports that his brother was an epic poet named Epilycus (otherwise unknown).
Surviving works.
60 fragments (including four dubia) of Crates’ comedies survive, along with ten titles: 
Whether he is to be identified with Crates II, another comic poet to whom the Suda (test. 1) assigns three titles, "Thesauros" ("Treasure"), "Ornithes" ("Birds"), and "Philargyros" ("The Man Who Loved Money"), the first and last of which seem more appropriate for ‘Middle Comedy’, is unclear. The standard collection of the fragments is Kassel-Austin, "Poetae Comici Graeci IV" ; Kock numbers are now outdated and should not be used.

</doc>
<doc id="5922179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922179" title="Scooby-Doo! and the Legend of the Vampire">
Scooby-Doo! and the Legend of the Vampire

Scooby-Doo! and the Legend of the Vampire is the fifth of a series of direct-to-video animated films based upon the "Scooby-Doo" Saturday morning cartoons. It was completed in 2002, and released on March 4, 2003 and it was produced by Warner Bros. Animation (though it included a copyright for "Hanna-Barbera Cartoons, Inc." and a recreation of the 1968 Hanna-Barbera "Zooming Box" logo at the end).
This is the first direct-to-video movie to have the flatter, bright animation style of the "What's New, Scooby-Doo?" TV series, departing from the darker shading and effects used in the four prior released movies. It is also the first Scooby-Doo movie to return to the original format where the monster isn't real. The series returned to a lighter tone than that of the prior four grim and darker movies.
Plot.
The film takes place in Australia and Vampire Rock, a rock formation shaped like a vampire head. There is a legend of a vampire named the Yowie Yahoo, who lives in the rock. The film starts at Vampire Rock where the "Vampire Rock Music Festival" is being set up. Many people are excited for it, but some don't think it should take place because it would anger the Yowie Yahoo. One such person is Malcolm Illiwara, even though his own grandson Daniel is the manager of the contest. One night, as Malcolm and his grandson watch a sure-to-win performer named Matt Marvelous, the Yowie Yahoo appears. The Yowie Yahoo and its three vampire minions capture Matt Marvelous and take him away. Everybody is scared, and Malcolm blames the contest for what happened.
Meanwhile, Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. have arrive in Australia for a vacation after solving the mystery of the Sea Serpent Smugglers on a cruise ship. After seeing the harbor, the gang decides to go to the outback and see the music festival. When they arrive, they meet The Hex Girls, (the band the gang had met before in "Scooby-Doo and the Witch's Ghost") who are the opening act. They also see Daniel, Malcolm, and Russell, who runs the contest with Daniel. Malcolm says he has warned Daniel about what has happened and drives off. Daniel tells them that most of the performers have left because they are too scared of the vampires. Daniel and Russell then tell them about Wildwind, a musical group who performed at the Vampire Rock Music Festival the year before. They tell the gang Wildwind put on a great performance, but only got third place. They then went into Vampire Rock to camp, but were never heard from again. There were three performers, Dark Skull, Stormy Weather, and Lightning Strikes. Legend says that they have been turned into Vampires by the Yowie Yahoo. Daniel says he does not believe it, but then Russell reminded him that the three vampires who were with the Yowie Yahoo when it kidnapped Matt Marvelous looked just like the members of Wildwind.
Fred decides the best way to solve the mystery is to enter the contest as a band, in order to drive the Yowie Yahoo to capture them. Russell is skeptical, but Daniel thinks it is a good idea. The Hex Girls make them look like rock stars, and soon they are on stage. While they are practicing (but not very well), a golf cart approaches them. In it are Jasper Ridgeway, a snotty manager, and his band, the Bad Omens, who have three performers. They criticize the gangs playing and make them leave the stage so they can practice. Then the gang learns that Ridgeway was once the manager of Wildwind. Jasper says Wildwind was the greatest band he ever managed and is still haunted by their disappearance. He then complains about the head and camping, and goes back to his "trailer", leaving his band to practice. The gang grows suspicious of Ridgeway and thinks he might have put his band up to masquerading as vampires and getting rid of all the other performers. They split up, with Fred, Velma, and Daphne going to Jasper's trailer and Shaggy and Scooby staying at the food stands.
At the trailer, Fred, Velma, and Daphne find that Jasper has lots of mementos of Wildwind, including three copies of the suits the band members used. They also wonder why Jasper did not come to his trailer, (as they have been there); when he said he was going to. Meanwhile, Scooby and Shaggy get chased by the Wildwind Vampires, but eventually lose them. They end up back at the stage, where the Bad Omens are rehearsing. There, they witness the Yowie Yahoo and the Wildwind vampires capture the Bad Omens is the same way they captured Matt Marvelous. They tell the others. Jasper is sad they are gone, but then he says he shouldn't have gone back to his trailer, when in fact he was never there at all. Fred decides that everyone should sleep at the same place, so no one gets taken.
During the night, a band named Two Skinny Dudes arrives. They say they have been staying in Vampire Rock, but have not seen any. Jasper quickly forgets the Bad Omens and asks Two Skinny Dudes if they wanted him to be their manager, which makes the gang suspicious. The next day the gang and Daniel go to see Malcolm. He explains how Wildwind was foolish to go into Vampire Rock. He also says how vampires hate the sun, cannot run over running water, and cannot be seen in a picture. That night is the performance, and the Hex Girls start things off. However, the Yowie Yahoo and the Wildwind vampires appear and capture the Hex Girls. The crowd thinks it was an act, but the gang decides to investigate the rock.
Inside, Fred, Velma, and Daphne find lots of special effects equipment like fans and lights. However, they find the Wildwind vampires and get chased. Scooby and Shaggy get trapped by a group of dingoes. The sound of Fred, Velma and Daphne running scares off the Dingoes, but then the whole gang gets trapped by the vampires and the Yowie Yahoo. The gang is able to avoid them until the sun comes up. The sun reflects off Scooby-Doo's collar, which shines on the Yowie Yahoo and destroys him. However, the Wildwind vampires are not affected by the sun or running over water, and give chase to the gang. The Wildwind Vampires chase them until the gang and Daniel unleash a trap and capture the "vampires". Jasper and Daniel are confused, wondering who did it, but the gang knows. After splashing water on the faces to get rid of the makeup, the gang shows that it was Two Skinny Dudes and Russell. Daniel and Jasper are surprised, but get even more surprised when the gang unmasks them and it is shown that the members of Wildwind are the actual vampires. They explain how they wanted to start up their career, so they posed as dead and were planning to perform again. They used special effects to make the Yowie Yahoo and climbing equipment to fly around. When asked about the missing performers, they said they gave them free Great Barrier Reef Scuba diving tours and sent them away. Then the Hex Girls and Malcolm show up. They say they were left in the Outback because they did not want the trip, but Malcolm found them.
Wildwind are sent to jail. Daniel says that Mystery Inc's. band is the only one left, so they win. The film ends with the gang performing to the crowd and getting their band name, The Meddling Kids, joined by the Hex Girls.
Cast.
This was the first time since "The New Scooby-Doo Movies" that Frank Welker, Casey Kasem, Nicole Jaffe, and Heather North were all featured on a "Scooby-Doo" project. Frank Welker voices both Fred Jones and Scooby-Doo, because of Don Messick's death in 1997. Casey Kasem and Frank Welker do a commentary as Shaggy, Scooby, and Fred, for one of the DVD's special features. (During the opening credits, Shaggy humorously remarks, "Who's this, Casey Kasem, as Shaggy; I'm me, and I play myself, and Scooby wants to know who this, Frank Welker is.")
Significance.
This was the first animated Scooby-Doo film to be filmed in widescreen, although the Region 1 DVD was in full screen (cropping the left and right of the image), though not pan and scan as the camera stays directly in the center of the image. Like other television shows filmed in high-definition (such as "American Idol", "Father of the Pride", "Curious George", and "Out of Jimmy's Head") and other films filmed in high-definition (such as "The Proud Family Movie", ', "High School Musical", and '), the monitor the animation team would have worked from would have 16:9 and 4:3 safe areas so that the full screen version would not crop off too much of any important visual elements (such as characters). The film is available in widescreen (and HD) on Blu-ray, iTunes, and similar services in the USA.
Additionally, this is the first Scooby-Doo film to be colored using digital ink and paint, as opposed to the more traditional cel animation. However, What's New, Scooby-Doo? had already been colored using this process prior to this movie.
Follow-up film.
Scooby-Doo! and the Monster of Mexico, which was also released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5922183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922183" title="Albert E. Richardson">
Albert E. Richardson

Albert E. Richardson was a clockmaker from Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, who designed the first practical Teasmade. 
He designed the first practical Teasmade based on an alarm clock, a spirit lamp and a tipping kettle. He sold the design to gunsmith Frank Clarke of Birmingham, who patented it in 1902, calling it "An Apparatus Whereby a Cup of Tea or Coffee is Automatically Made".

</doc>
<doc id="5922184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922184" title="Viatodos">
Viatodos

Viatodos is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Barcelos. It has a population of 2,027 inhabitants and a total area of 4.01 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5922194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922194" title="Scribble Jam">
Scribble Jam

Scribble Jam was an annual hip hop music festival hosted in Cincinnati, Ohio. Dubbed "America's largest hip hop festival", sort of like Woodstock. it was co-founded in 1996 by "Fat" Nick Accurso, and Jason Brunson, founders of graffiti magazine "Scribble", and DJ Mr Dibbs, in the parking lot of a local nightclub. The following year's event benefitted from better publicity, and included MC, DJ and breakdance battles for the first time.
In 2000, with the addition of new partners Tony Heitz and Pase Rock, the festival grew in popularity, as tens of thousands of hip hop fans flocked to its grounds in early August. It has been known to attract up to 20,000 fans. In early April 2009, Scribble Jam organiser Kevin Beacham confirmed the persistent rumors that the event will not continue this year, citing the struggling economy and difficulty in securing funding as reasons.A kickstarter campaign is currently being held with the final goal being a 2014 Scribble Jam event.
For most of its existence, Scribble Jam refused corporate sponsorship, which Accurso explained as an attempt to keep the festival from being run by "those who don't understand hop culture", adding that outside marketing or promotion would "defeat the purpose" of the festival. By 2003, however, the festival had started accepting some corporate sponsors; that year's event was backed by Toyota/Scion.
Competition.
The centerpieces of the Scribble Jam festival are the five competitions, four of which are designed to highlight the main aspects of hip hop culture. They include the emcee competition or freestyle battle, the DJ battle or scratching competition, the B-boy battle or breakdancing competition, the graff-writer or graffiti competition, and the beatbox competition. Historically, the most popular of the competitions has been the freestyle battle, although all aspects of hip hop culture are well represented. The festival expanded its initial 1996 emcee and b-boy competitions to include the DJ competition in 1998. In 2003 the beatbox competition was added to the line-up. In the last five years of the festival a Production competition was added to the festival line-up, and there were performances by guests including KRS-One, Eminem, Sage Francis, Atmosphere, Blueprint, Eyedea, Mr Dibbs, Little Brother and Living Legends which greatly increased the festival's popularity.
Past winners.
As of Scribble Jam's conclusion in 2008 there have been thirteen emcee champions, eleven DJ champions, thirteen B-Boy champions, and six beatbox champions.
Beatbox battle.
There are only two production champions listed on the official Scribble Jam website: 

</doc>
<doc id="5922211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922211" title="Telephone numbers in South Korea">
Telephone numbers in South Korea

Telephone numbers in South Korea are organized and assigned using the following scheme.
Overview.
For example;
South Korea uses an open dialing plan with a total length (including 0) of 9 to 11 digits and, within city, subscriber numbers 7 to 8 digits long. Dialing from mobile phones to any type of phone except 010 numbers, the area code must be included.
In 1998, telephone numbers in Seoul starting with 2 and 6 added more digit (02-2XX-YYYY to 02-22XX-YYYY, 02-6XX-YYYY to 02-66XX-YYYY). Before area codes were shortened from 4 digit to 2~3 digit in June 2000, there were 1 digit exchange number (usually "2") with some 2 digit exchange numbers so some phone numbers like 0443-2-XXXX or 0525-40-XXXX existed. (now 043-652-XXXX and 055-340-XXXX)
Full list.
Area codes.
Before June 2000, South Korea used 2 to 4 digit area codes.
Domestic long-distance carrier codes.
It is not necessary to dial any carrier prefix before making a domestic long-distance call.
These prefixes are needed only when you want to choose a different carrier other than your default long-distance carrier (usually the same company that provides your phoneline).

</doc>
<doc id="5922215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922215" title="William I of Geneva">
William I of Geneva

William I of Geneva ( – 25 July 1195) was Count of Geneva from 1178 to 1195, in succession to his father, Count Amadeus I of Geneva. William's mother was Amadeus' wife, Matilda de Cuiseaux.
He died at the Château de Novel in Annecy.

</doc>
<doc id="5922218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922218" title="Spas-Klepiki">
Spas-Klepiki

Spas-Klepiki () is a town and the administrative center of Klepikovsky District of Ryazan Oblast, Russia, located on the Pra River (Oka's tributary) northeast of Ryazan. Population: 
It was founded in the 16th century as a settlement of Klepiki () and granted town status in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="5922221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922221" title="Vila Boa (Barcelos)">
Vila Boa (Barcelos)

Vila Boa is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Barcelos. It has a population of 1,640 inhabitants and a total area of 1.81 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5922229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922229" title="Carl M. Vogel">
Carl M. Vogel

Carl M. Vogel is a former Republican member of the Missouri Senate, representing the 6th District from 2003 through 2011. Previously he was a member of the Missouri House of Representatives from 1991 through 2000.
He graduated from Helias High School and later from the University of Missouri with a B.A. degree. He and his wife Kimberly have two children, Jacob and Kristen. 
He is currently the Manager of the Jefferson City Coca-Cola Bottling Company. He is a member of the St. Joseph Cathedral, the Lions Club, the Jaycees, the Knights of Columbus, and the Rotary Club.
He has previously served as the Jefferson City Housing Authority Commissioner. He is currently the chair of the Way and Means Committee, vice chair of the Small Business, Insurance and Industrial Relations Committee, and a member of the Economic Development, Tourism and Local Government Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="5922233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922233" title="Ship cradle">
Ship cradle

A Ship cradle is a support, made of wood or metal, to hold a ship or boat upright on land so that the vessel can be built or repaired. The vessel is chocked up by wooden chocks and fixed on the cradle. The ship cradle is built near the seashore, river side or water side or in a dry dock.
Overview.
Sometimes the whole support is called a "cradle", sometimes each section of this support is called a cradle. The cradle can be standing on the dock floor or it can be equipped with wheels so that the ship standing upon it can be transported from the dry docking installation to a parking area. For smaller boats, the cradle is equipped with rubber-tyred wheels, for larger and more heavy ships, the cradle is equipped with steel rail wheels.
Movement.
Most cradles with steel wheels can only be transported in the longitudinal direction of the cradle. The empty cradle that is shown here is equipped with wheels that can be rotated in the transverse direction, so that the ship can be transported also over rails in the transverse direction.
The fishing boat in the picture can also be transported in the longitudinal as well as the transverse direction. In this case a transverse carriage is used between the cradle and the rails on the shipyard.

</doc>
<doc id="5922252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922252" title="Max &amp; Erma's">
Max &amp; Erma's

Max & Erma's is a casual dining restaurant chain based in Columbus, Ohio. It operates throughout parts of the Eastern and Midwestern United States, and was founded in 1972 by Todd Barnum and Barry Zacks. The two businessmen purchased a local tavern in Columbus's German Village which had been operated by Max and Erma Visocnik since 1958. They retained the Max and Erma's name and created the theme restaurant which featured a converted bathtub that served as a sundae bar.
Max & Erma's was purchased by Pittsburgh-based equity investor G&R Acquisition Inc. in a $10.2 million deal in April 2008. The company declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy on October 26, 2009. It was acquired by American Blue Ribbon Holdings, owners of the Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurant chains, in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5922274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922274" title="John William Loudon">
John William Loudon

John William Loudon (born August 14, 1967) was a Republican member of the Missouri Senate, representing the 7th District from 2000 until 2008, leaving due to term-limits. Previously he was a member of the Missouri House of Representatives from 1995 through 2000.
Biography.
Early life.
He graduated from Westminster College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1989.
Career.
He operated a Public Relations business co-founded with his wife, Legacy Group of Missouri, Inc.
He was first elected to the Missouri House of Representatives in 1994, serving there through 1998. He was elected to the Missouri State Senate in 2000, and again in 2004. While in the Senate, Loudon founded and chaired the Senate’s Small Business, Insurance, and Industrial Relations Committee, was vice chair of the Governmental Accountability and Fiscal Oversight Committee, and a member of the committees on Education, Gubernatorial Appointments, and Judiciary and Civil and Criminal Jurisprudence.
While mostly known for business and labor issues including health insurance affordability and passage of bipartisan unemployment insurance reform that raised the weekly benefit amount from $250 up to $320, Loudon also passed legislation for a fallen workers license plate and a number of bills relating to liberty issues including passage of a model anti-SLAPP law, protecting citizen participation and public speech. He also passed state laws recognizing Bill of Rights Day and Tartan Day. He created significant controversy when he legalized the practice of midwifery by slipping a change into his omnibus health insurance reform bill.
Personal life.
He married Gina (Gentry) Loudon, Ph.D. in 1990, and they have five children, Lyda, Lily and Jack, Samuel, and Bo (Robert Brewster III). They reside in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5922276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922276" title="Harry Pilling">
Harry Pilling

Harry Pilling (23 February 1943 – 22 September 2012) was an English cricketer. Standing just tall he had the distinction of being the shortest English professional cricketer of modern times. A right-handed batsman, Pilling scored over 15,000 first-class runs for Lancashire, who he played county cricket for from 1962 to 1982. 
One of his most memorable innings for Lancashire was an unbeaten 70 against Sussex, which helped secure his county's first Gillette Cup success in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="5922277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922277" title="Vila Cova">
Vila Cova

Vila Cova may refer to several locations in Portugal:

</doc>
<doc id="5922280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922280" title="Crobylus">
Crobylus

Crobylus is thought to be an Athenian Middle Comic poet, although there is no specific ancient evidence to this effect. Eleven fragments of his comedies survive, along with three titles: "The Man Who Tried to Hang Himself", "The Woman Who Was Trying to Leave Her Husband or The Woman Who Left Her Husband", and "Falsely Supposititious". The standard edition of the fragments is in Kassel-Austin, "Poetae Comici Graeci" IV; Kock numbers are now outdated and should not be used.
Crobylus is said to have lived sometime after 324 BCE. He is sometimes confused with Hegesippus.

</doc>
<doc id="5922294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922294" title="David Ulevitch">
David Ulevitch

David A. Ulevitch (born December 5, 1981) is founder and current CEO of OpenDNS and founder of EveryDNS.
Ulevitch, the youngest child of Susan and Richard Ulevitch, was born and raised in Del Mar, California. Ulevitch's technology career started at an early age when he began working for ElectriCiti, a small regional ISP. In high school, he worked for a year at MP3.com.
Ulevitch attended Washington University in St. Louis, where he earned a degree in anthropology. While at Washington University, Ulevitch created EveryDNS to fill his need for web-based DNS management software. EveryDNS grew from a personal project to a service with nearly 100,000 users worldwide within a few years. Ulevitch was also in part responsible for the creation and operations of the California Community Colocation Project, which provided free colocation services to over 130 non-profits and after merging with the Online Policy Group successfully sued Diebold Election Systems in the Federal Court case "OPG v. Diebold".
Ulevitch is active in the startup community, speaking regularly at events and serving as a mentor to other entrepreneurs at I/o Ventures. 
Ulevitch's company, OpenDNS, was selected as a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5922302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922302" title="Coprinellus">
Coprinellus

Coprinellus is a genus of mushrooms in the family Psathyrellaceae. The genus was first described by Petter Karsten in 1879.
See also.
List of "Coprinellus" species

</doc>
<doc id="5922304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922304" title="Lost in Your Eyes">
Lost in Your Eyes

"Lost in Your Eyes" is the sixth single from American singer-songwriter, Debbie Gibson, and the first from her second album, "Electric Youth". Released in October 1988, the ballad climbed to number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and remained there for three weeks, becoming her most successful single. Additionally, it reached number three on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart. The song was written by Gibson in late 1987 and published by Creative Bloc Music, Ltd. and Deborah Ann's Music in early 1988 (rights now administered by the Music Sales Corporation (ASCAP). A beta arrangement had been performed on the "Out of the Blue Tour".
One variant mixed from the original multitrack, "Lost in Your Eyes" (Piano and Vocal Mix/3:34), was only available in Europe as Track 3 of the CD3 release #A8970CD. The song is mentioned by name in Kimya Dawson's, "Caving in," as the singer's preferred alternative to "Unchained Melody".
Re-recordings.
In 2006, Gibson rearranged the song with Tim and Ryan O'Neill for the O'Neill Brothers album "Someone You Love". In 2010, Gibson re-recorded the song in both English and Japanese as extra tracks for the Japan-exclusive album "Ms. Vocalist".

</doc>
<doc id="5922307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922307" title="Parasola">
Parasola

Parasola is a genus of mushrooms in the family Psathyrellaceae.
Species.
This list is incomplete.

</doc>
<doc id="5922311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922311" title="Administrative divisions of Tomsk Oblast">
Administrative divisions of Tomsk Oblast


</doc>
<doc id="5922323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922323" title="Trevor Hancock">
Trevor Hancock

Dr. Trevor Hancock was the first leader of the Green Party of Canada. Under his leadership, the party ran 60 candidates in the 1984 federal election. He is a public health physician, and currently serves as a Professor and Senior Scholar at the School of Public Health and Social Policy at the University of Victoria. He also consults with the World Health Organization. Together with Dr. Leonard Duhl, he created the Healthy Cities project that looks at environmental aspects of sustainable urban development as a determinant of health. In 2005, Dr. Hancock was also instrumental in initiating BC Healthy Communities- a provincial initiative focused on building capacity for healthy municipal governance.

</doc>
<doc id="5922325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922325" title="William Baziotes">
William Baziotes

William Baziotes (June 11, 1912 – June 6, 1963) was an American painter influenced by Surrealism and was a contributor to Abstract Expressionism.
Life and career.
Born and raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to Greek parents Angelos and Stella, Baziotes began his formal art training in 1933 at the National Academy of Design in New York City where he graduated in 1936. He studied with Charles Curran, Ivan Olinsky, Gifford Beal, and Leon Kroll. Baziotes taught through the Federal Art Project in from 1936-1938 and worked on their WPA Easel Project from 1938-1940. 
In the 1940s he became friends with many artists in the emerging Abstract Expressionist group. Although he shared the groups' interest in primitive art and automatism, his work was more in line with European surrealism Later in his career he taught extensively. His first solo exhibition was at Peggy Guggenheim's Art of This Century Gallery in 1944. With David Hare, Robert Motherwell, and Mark Rothko, Baziotes founded the "Subjects of the Artist School" in New York in 1948. He also taught at the Brooklyn Museum Art School, People's Art Center, the Museum of Modern Art, and at the City University of New York, Hunter College and New York University in Manhattan during the last ten years of his life.
Baziotes and his wife Ethel, whom he married in 1941, lived in the Morningside Heights area of northern Manhattan until his death from lung cancer in June 1963, aged 50. During his lifetime, he and his wife shared a love of ancient Greek art and sculpture as well as the poetry of Charles Baudelaire. Many of his paintings are inspired by the latter's poetry as well as by ancient art.
Some of his famous works are "Aquatic", "Dusk", and "The Room", all of which are in the Guggenheim Museum in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5922330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922330" title="Matt Bartle">
Matt Bartle

Matt Bartle (born February 20, 1965) is a Republican politician from Missouri. He was born in Columbia, Missouri.
He graduated from David H. Hickman High School, and went on to get a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from the University of Missouri, and a J.D. degree from Northwestern University. While at Northwestern, he was the editor of law review. He is an attorney.
He was first elected to the Missouri House of Representatives in 1998, and remained in that position through 2002. He was elected to the Missouri State Senate in 2002, and is currently the chair of the Judiciary and Civil and Criminal Jurisprudence Committee, vice chair of the Aging, Families, Mental and Public Health Committee, and a member of the Transportation Committee and the Commerce, Energy, and the Environment Committee. In January 2007, Sen. Bartle surprised many with a 17-hour filibuster against an appointee to the University of Missouri's Board of Curators. Bartle, a Christian conservative, was concerned about the appointee's views on stem-cell research. 
Bartle is unable to seek re-election, due to the state's term limits.
Personal life.
He is married, and has two children, Mack and Betsy, with his wife Annette. He is a member of the Phi Beta Kappa honorary, Beta Theta Pi fraternity, Mystical Seven, Abundant Life Baptist Church in Lee's Summit, Missouri, where he also teaches Sunday school, and the Blue Springs and Lee's Summit Chambers of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="5922338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922338" title="All My Loving (EP)">
All My Loving (EP)

All My Loving is an EP released by The Beatles in the United Kingdom on 7 February 1964 by Parlophone (catalogue number GEP8891). It is the Beatles fourth British EP, features four tracks from their albums "Please Please Me" and "With The Beatles", and was released only in mono. It was also released in Sweden, Australia and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="5922339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922339" title="Ada James">
Ada James

Ada Lois James (March 23, 1876 – September 29, 1952) was a suffragist, social worker, and reformer. Born in Richland Center, Wisconsin, she graduated from high school in 1894, taught school for several years, and soon became active in the woman's suffrage movement in which both her parents played prominent roles. 
In 1911 she became president of the newly formed Political Equality League, holding this office until 1913 when the league was combined with the Wisconsin Woman's Suffrage Association under the leadership of Mrs. Henry Youmans (q.v.). Ada James was active in many of the reform movements of the 1920s including pacifism, the advocacy of birth control, and prohibition. In 1922 she was vice-chairman of the Republican state central committee, and in 1923 was president of the Wisconsin Woman's Progressive Association, but left the organization when Robert M. La Follette, Sr., insisted on supporting Governor John J. Blaine. 
During the 1920s James was also engaged in a series of slander suits with Levi H. Bancroft (q.v.) growing out of her support of S. E. Smalley for the Republican nomination for a Wisconsin circuit judgeship. Active in social work, she administered the David G. James Memorial Fund established in 1922 for the relief of needy families in Richland County, Wisconsin. She was chairman of the county children's board for many years.
Remembered In Richland Center.
Ada James is remembered as Richland Center's and Richland County's most prominent suffragette and for her work with disadvantaged children and women. Ada came to the suffrage movement naturally because her mother, Laura, in 1882 was one of the founders of the Richland Center Woman's Club that worked tirelessly for women's suffrage. Indeed, the Woman's Club may have been the first suffrage organization formed in the state. Two years later the Woman's Club hosted the first regular convention of the Wisconsin Suffrage Association. In 1886, Susan B. Anthony spoke in favor of suffrage in Bailey's Opera House in Richland Center. 
In 1892, Ada and several other high school girls formed the Equality Club to assist in the campaign for women's suffrage. Later, in 1911, she was a founding member of the statewide Political Equality League. Ada served as its president for two years, including the crucial state referendum fight of 1912. Ada used unprecedented tactics - hiring a motorboat to distribute leaflets along the Wolf River and employing an airplane to drop brochures on county fair crowds - in this campaign. However, women's suffrage went down in a resounding defeat, by 90,000 votes; a trouncing Ada blamed primarily on the lavish spending by the brewing interests that feared women voters would support temperance. 
Late in 1912, after the ill-fated campaign, the Political Equality League and the Wisconsin Suffrage Association merged under the latter's name and Ada became a vice president. Although the WSA continued its work, World War I, which the United States entered in April 1917, created the conditions that compelled President Woodrow Wilson to support women's suffrage. In 1919, Wisconsin became the first state to ratify the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. Wisconsin won this distinction because Ada's father, former State Senator David G. James, traveled to Washington, D.C. via train and hand delivered the documents to just nose out Illinois for this honor. Women voted nationwide for the first time in the presidential election of 1920. 
With the suffrage battle finally won, Ada James devoted the remainder of her life to numerous other causes - temperance, pacifism, world peace, and assistance for underprivileged children. She became keenly interested in the latter cause when she began bringing poor children from Chicago to Richland County in the summers. These "sunshine children" caused her to realize that Richland County had its own underprivileged children. During 1920, Ada led a campaign that convinced the Richland County Board to create a Children's Board, the first such organization in the state. She poured her energy and money into this cause. Richland County's shelter for abused women and their children is named Ada James Place / Passages, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="5922345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922345" title="Shatsk, Russia">
Shatsk, Russia

Shatsk () is a town and the administrative center of Shatsky District of Ryazan Oblast, Russia, located on the Shacha River (Tsna's tributary) southeast of Ryazan. Population: 
In the 16th century, the so-called Shatsk Gates was a strip of open land through the forest useful for Tatar raids that the Russians had to fortify. Shatsk was founded in 1553 as a military outpost for defending the southern borders of the Grand Duchy of Moscow. It was granted town status by Catherine the Great in 1779.
Industries include vodka production and meat packing.

</doc>
<doc id="5922346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922346" title="WBCK (AM)">
WBCK (AM)

WBCK is a radio station in Battle Creek, Michigan, United States, owned by Current Radio. It broadcasts in the AM radio band at 930 kHz and has a sports format, known on the air as The Score. WBCK featured a full-service MOR/adult contemporary format for years, evolving into news/talk by the mid-1990s.
The sale of the Battle Creek Radio Group from Clear Channel Communications to Cumulus Media has been completed. 95.3 WBXX began to simulcast with the news/talk format of AM 930 and WBXX's former adult contemporary format moved to 104.9 (formerly WRCC). 95.3 FM became the permanent home of WBCK's news/talk format.
On March 21, 2008 AM 930 dropped the simulcast with 95.3 FM and started airing a classic country format and became known as Country 93. The format has since evolved from classic country to contemporary country.
On April 10, 2012 WBCK changed their format to sports, branded as "The Score." Programming comes from CBS Sports Radio. Current Radio purchased the station from Cumulus in 2013.
Midwest Communications purchased WBCK for $175,000 on January 23, 2014. The sale was approved by the FCC on March 26, 2014.
Michiguide.com reported on May 23, 2014 that Midwest Communications had also purchased a LPFM translator from the Calvary Radio Network in Battle creek (W274AQ on 102.7 MHz) for $USD 45,000, with the intention of repeating WBCK.

</doc>
<doc id="5922350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922350" title="Electric Youth (song)">
Electric Youth (song)

"Electric Youth" (Atlantic 88919; Atlantic UK A8919; Atlantic Japan 09P3-6130) is the seventh single from American singer-songwriter-actress Debbie Gibson, and the second from her second album "Electric Youth" (LP 81932). Produced by Fred Zarr and engineered by Phil Castellano for BiZarr Music, Inc., it became one of her most famous songs, peaking at number eleven on the Billboard Hot 100 and fourteen on the UK Singles Chart. Douglas Breitbart was executive producer.
Gibson had written the song as a statement about how young people of that era were seen and how their ideas were often ignored. As a teenager herself, she was a firm believer that the beliefs and ideas held by young people were just as important as those held by adults and the song reminded people of this. It also reminded them that the current youth would become the next generation of adults.
Music Video.
The music video was directed by Gibson and Jim Yukich and was nominated for a moonman at the 1989 MTV Video Music Awards for Best Art Direction in a video.
In 2006, elements of the music video (particularly the silhouette dance clips) were parodied by Cobie Smulders in the sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" for her character Robin Sparkles' own 1980's hit single, "Let's Go to the Mall."
Track listing (Special DJ release, Atlantic UK A8919A).
"PROMOTIONAL COPY NOT FOR SALE"<br>
"Electric Youth"
Track listing (Atlantic DM 86427).
"Electric Youth"
"We Could Be Together"
Both songs written by Deborah Gibson - Music Sales Corp., ASCAP

</doc>
<doc id="5922355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922355" title="List of basilicas in France">
List of basilicas in France

Basilica churches, many of great architectural significance, can be found throughout France. There are 167 which have been officially designated as minor basilicas by the Catholic Church. They are listed below by region, along with the date of designation. Where no date is given, the church is considered a basilica from the architectural point of view and not from the ecclesiastical.

</doc>
<doc id="5922356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922356" title="Anthony Pelle">
Anthony Pelle

Anthony Pelle (born December 1, 1972 in the Bronx, New York) is an American professional basketball player who was selected by the Denver Nuggets in the 2nd round (44th overall) of the 1995 NBA Draft. Pelle, who played collegiately at Villanova University and Fresno State University, did not appear in any NBA games but plied his trade in the Greek and Spanish leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="5922367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922367" title="Carolyn K. Peterson">
Carolyn K. Peterson

Carolyn K. Peterson was Ithaca, New York's first female mayor, first elected in 2003 and reelected in 2007. She is a member of the Democratic Party, and her current term ended on December 31, 2011.
History of same-sex marriage in New York State.
On February 27, 2004, New Paltz Mayor Jason West married 25 same-sex couples before a cheering crowd, in front of the Village Hall.
These weddings, coming on the heels of San Francisco's mayor Gavin Newsom led other New York mayors to act. On February 27, 2004, Nyack mayor John Shields announced that he would recognize the New Paltz marriages and on March 1, 2004, Ithaca's mayor Carolyn K. Peterson declared that she would recognize same-sex marriages performed in other jurisdictions.

</doc>
<doc id="5922370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922370" title="Seymour Trieger">
Seymour Trieger

Seymour Trieger was the second leader of the Green Party of Canada from 1984 to 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="5922372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922372" title="Semimaru">
Semimaru

He is said to have built his hermitage in a cave at Ausaka no Seki. Supposedly, on seeing the traffic on the road to the capital, he composed the following 
For this he became known as . For three years while Minamoto no Hiromasa travelled to the capital regularly, Semimaru is said to have tutored him on the secret techniques of and . Contradictory legends say that he was a blind master of the "biwa", and that he was a sighted common beggar. The above "waka" appears in the imperial anthology "Gosen Wakashū" and three of his other poems appear in the anthologies "Shin Kokin Wakashū" and "Zoku Kokin Wakashū".
In "nō" there is a play called ""Sekimaru"" that depicts the life of a woman named , who came to Afusaka no Seki and initially quarrelled with Semimaru, but eventually they fell in love and later had a painful separation. It is unclear if the Semimaru of this tale is the same Semimaru as the poet of the "Ogura Hyakunin Isshu".

</doc>
<doc id="5922378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922378" title="Texas State Highway 101">
Texas State Highway 101

State Highway 101 or SH 101 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas that runs from Bowie to Bridgeport. It was designated along its route in 1976, running from Bowie southeast parallel to US 81/US 287 along a previous routing of those US Routes, then turning south toward Bridgeport along a previous portion of SH 114.
Route description.
SH 101 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 81 on the far southeast side of Bowie, and travels southeast about 7 miles to Sunset. This section was the original routing of US 81 and US 287 before an upgraded routing was built for those routes. This section of SH 101 also remains within a mile of the upgraded US 81/US 287 along the entire route. In Sunset, the route sutns to the south, departing from it parallel routing with the US Routes, and continues southward tthrough Chico to its southern terminus on the north side of Bridgeport, where it meets U.S. Route 380 and SH 114. This section from Sunset to Bridgeport was a previous routing of SH 114 before it was redirected westward in 1976.
History.
SH 101 was previously designated by 1926 on a route from Snyder to Colorado City. By 1933, SH 101 extended south to Sterling City. By 1936, the route was complete from Snyder to Colorado City, but was still an earthen road. By 1939, it was completed, with a terminus just west of Sterling City. The section north of Colorado City was transferred to SH 208 in 1956, with the remaining portion of the route cancelled and transferred to the northern extension of SH 163 in 1957. The current route was designated on its current path in 1976 to replace US 81 and US 287, which were routed onto a new built upgraded parallel path, and State Highway 114, which was moved to a different routing in the state.

</doc>
<doc id="5922391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922391" title="Replicants (band)">
Replicants (band)

Replicants was a four-piece American rock band, consisting of Ken Andrews, Paul D'Amour, Greg Edwards, and Chris Pitman, which has been on hiatus since 1996. The group has only released one album, a self-titled cover album, in 1995. The band's name comes from the verb 'To replicate', or 'To copy', making fun of the band's status as "a tribute band".
Origin.
Some months after Paul D'Amour left Tool, where he played the role as the bass player, he joined Chris Pitman, a keyboardist, and Failure members Ken Andrews and Greg Edwards. The four decided to restrict their work to covering songs by famous bands active in the 70's and the 80's.
1996.
During the months of 1996, the band decided to follow different paths. Ken went on to perform as a solo artist, while Chris, Greg, and Paul joined Brad Laner of the band Medicine to form Lusk which put out one album "Free Mars", although the three have now moved on to other projects.

</doc>
<doc id="5922404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922404" title="Hohenberg an der Eger">
Hohenberg an der Eger

Hohenberg an der Eger is a town in the district of Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Eger, on the border with the Czech Republic, 11 km west of Cheb, and 14 km northeast of Marktredwitz. It was home to Hutschenreuther ceramic. Though best known for its ceramic production, Hohenberg has also produced some of Bavaria's elite soccer talent. Mauricio Göhlert played for the youth teams of SpVgg SV Weiden and Borussia Mönchengladbach before signing with SV Mitterteich in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5922406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922406" title="Rybnoye, Ryazan Oblast">
Rybnoye, Ryazan Oblast

Rybnoye () is a town and the administrative center of Rybnovsky District of Ryazan Oblast, Russia, located on the Vozha River (Oka's tributary) northwest of Ryazan. Population: 
It was first mentioned in 1597 as a settlement of Rybnino () and was granted town status in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="5922408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922408" title="Literature and Medicine">
Literature and Medicine

Literature and Medicine is an academic journal founded in 1982. It is devoted to researching and understanding the interfaces between literary and medical knowledge. Literary and cultural texts are used to examine concerns related to illness, trauma, the body, and other medical issues. Articles are provided by experts in a variety of fields in both medicine and the humanities and social sciences. There are two issues each year, one general, one thematic. 
The journal is published biannually in May and November by the Johns Hopkins University Press. Circulation is 497 and the average length of an issue is 164 pages.

</doc>
<doc id="5922424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922424" title="No More Rhyme">
No More Rhyme

"No More Rhyme" (Atlantic 88885; Atlantic Japan 09P3-6165) is the eighth single from American singer-songwriter-actress Debbie Gibson, and the third from her second album "Electric Youth" (LP 81932). Produced and arranged by Fred Zarr for BiZarr Music, Inc., with Douglas Breitbart as executive producer, this single, also released in Canada, Australia and Japan, reached number seventeen on the Billboard Hot 100 and number thirteen on the adult contemporary chart. It was her third ballad to be released as a single (following "Foolish Beat" and "Lost in Your Eyes").
The music video features actress Danica McKellar playing a cello. On the original recording, the cello soloist was Bob Osman.

</doc>
<doc id="5922426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922426" title="Lutheran Orthodox Church">
Lutheran Orthodox Church

The Lutheran Orthodox Church is a very small Lutheran Church in the United States. The church claims Apostolic Succession for its clergy. It does not consider itself a Protestant denomination but an Evangelical Catholic denomination, saying that this was the perspective of Martin Luther, the founder of Protestantism. The denomination views itself as a Lutheran-rite Catholic church. Women, however, are ordained as priests and may become bishops in the Lutheran Orthodox Church, unlike the practice of the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches.
The Lutheran Orthodox Church sprang from a desire to have an evangelical catholic denomination. In 2004 Samuel Guido and Ray Copp of the Lutheran Evangelical Protestant Church were offered the opportunity to be consecrated in Apostolic Succession by bishops with Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, and Anglican lineages. The process began in January 2004 and culminated on July 11, 2004, when LEPC Bishops Samuel Guido and Raymond W. Copp, both from Pennsylvania, as well as Bishop Tan Binh Phan Nguyen, an Anglo-Lutheran Catholic Church bishop from Atlanta, Georgia, were consecrated as bishops in Apostolic Succession in a ceremony held in New York City. The main consecrator, Archbishop Bertil Persson, Primate of the Order of Corporate Reunion, Presiding Bishop of the Apostolic Episcopal Church, Missionary General of the Brazilian Catholic Apostolic Church (ICAB) for Scandinavia, and Missionary General of The Philippine Independent Catholic Church for Scandinavia and all of Europe flew in from Sweden to conduct the ceremony. The co-consecrators were the Most Reverend Irl A. Gladfelter, Metropolitan Archbishop of The Anglo-Lutheran Catholic Church, the Most Reverend Peter Paul Brennan of the Ecumenical Catholic Diocese of New York, Archbishop Francis C. Spataro of the Apostolic Episcopal Church, Bishop Paget E. J. Mack of the African Orthodox Church, and Bishop Patrick E. Trujillo.

</doc>
<doc id="5922431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922431" title="Iron-binding proteins">
Iron-binding proteins

Iron-binding proteins are carrier proteins and metalloproteins which play many important roles in metabolism.
They bind Iron and can therefore inhibit microbial growth. Two iron-binding proteins are lactoferrin and transferrin.

</doc>
<doc id="5922442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922442" title="Amphis">
Amphis

Amphis (Greek: Ἄμφις) was an Athenian Comic poet of uncertain origin from approximately the 4th century BC. 
Pollux seems to refer to Amphis as a Middle Comic poet, and Amphis' own repeated references to the philosopher Plato place him in the early to mid-4th century BC. His name is not Athenian, and he was probably from the island of Andros (thus Kirchner).
Surviving Titles and Fragments.
49 fragments of his comedies survive, along with the following 28 titles.
The standard edition of the fragments and testimonia is in Kassel-Austin, "Poetae Comici Graeci" II; Kock numbers are now outdated and should not be used.

</doc>
<doc id="5922446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922446" title="Hohenleuben">
Hohenleuben

Hohenleuben is a town in the district of Greiz, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 12 km northwest of Greiz, and 19 km south of Gera.

</doc>
<doc id="5922450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922450" title="Josephine Hutchinson">
Josephine Hutchinson

Josephine Hutchinson (October 12, 1903 – June 4, 1998) was an American actress.
Life.
She was born in Seattle, Washington. Her mother, Leona Roberts, was an actress best known for her role as "Mrs. Meade" in "Gone with the Wind". Through her mother's connections, Hutchinson made her film debut at the age of thirteen in "The Little Princess", starring Mary Pickford. She later attended the Cornish School of Music and Drama in Seattle, and then moved to New York City where she began acting in theater. By the late 1920s she was one of the actors able to make the transition from silent movies to talkies. 
Hutchinson married Robert W. Bell, a stage director, in 1924. In 1926, she met the actress Eva Le Gallienne and became a member of Le Gallienne's Civic Repertory Theatre company. By 1927, the two women were involved in an affair and Hutchinson and Bell, who separated in 1928, were divorced in 1930. The press quickly dubbed her Le Gallienne's "shadow", a term which at the time meant lesbian. Both actresses survived the scandal in those heady days and carried on with their respective careers. 
Under contract with Warner Bros., Hutchinson went to Hollywood in 1934, debuting in "Happiness Ahead". She was featured on the cover of "Film Weekly" on August 23, 1935 and appeared in "The Story of Louis Pasteur" in 1936. 
At Universal she played Elsa von Frankenstein in one of her most memorable roles alongside actor Basil Rathbone and Boris Karloff in "Son of Frankenstein" (1939). She later played "Mrs Townsend" in "North by Northwest" (1959) and "Love is Better Than Ever", starring Elizabeth Taylor.
On television she made four guest appearances on "Perry Mason" between 1958-1962. In 1958 she played Leona Walsh in "The Case of the Screaming Woman." In 1959 she played Miriam Baker in "The Case of the Spanish Cross." In 1961 she played Miss Sarah McKay in "The Case of the Barefaced Witness," and in 1962 she played Amelia Corning in "The Case of the Mystified Miner." 
Hutchinson continued to work steadily through the 1970s in film, radio, and television, establishing a solid career in supporting roles. She appeared on, among other television programs, "Rawhide" in 1962, in the episode "Grandma's Money", "The Twilight Zone", and "Gunsmoke".
Personal life.
Hutchinson and Le Gallienne were intimately involved for a number of years, although Hutchinson was married three times. (Le Gallienne never married.) Hutchinson married James F. Townsend in 1935; they later divorced. She married, lastly, actor Staats Cotsworth in 1972; he died in 1979.
Death.
She died, aged 94, on June 4, 1998, at the Florence Nightingale Nursing Home in Manhattan. Her interment was in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5922463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922463" title="Hide and Creep">
Hide and Creep

Hide and Creep is an American horror/comedy film released in 2004. This film was based on an earlier short named "Birthday Call". Both the film and the short were directed by Chuck Hartsell and Chance Shirley, and were written by Chance Shirley. The film was produced by Crewless Productions, an Alabama based independent production company. "Hide and Creep" had its world premiere September 23, 2004 at the Sidewalk Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama.
File:http://www.horrorstew.com/images/HideandCreep.jpg
Synopsis.
A southern town is simultaneously attacked by a UFO and zombies (a reference to "Plan 9 From Outer Space", although it is unclear whether or not the two are related or coincidental in this film). A government agent (played by John Walker) parachutes in to investigate reports of UFO sightings. Upon arriving, he finds zombies springing from the graveyard. He is killed by one of them (this zombie virus is contagious, spread by biting). From here, the movie splits into four main stories.
Story 1.
Three men must defend their hunting club from attacking zombies, which can only be killed by head wounds. The men encounter the zombies outside their hunting lodge, but having neglected to bring any guns with them, they split up in the woods in an attempt to escape. Two of the men make it back to their hunting lodge and begin firing on the zombies. One of the men try to contact the sheriff's office, but the sheriff is out and they are advised by an agent from the Department of Home Land Defense to shoot the zombies in the head and avoid being bitten. The third man is wounded and makes it back to the lodge after his two friends have dispatched the zombies. His friends ask him what caused his wound and he claims he ran into a tree, when in fact he was bitten by a zombie. The men leave the woods to help defend the town. Eventually, the two non-infected friends are forced to kill the wounded man when he begins to show signs of infection. Lee, one of the remaining men, goes to a grocery store, where he is accused of being a zombie himself. The grocery store employees begin brutally beating him, which is eventually fatal. His friend (Keith) walks by the store and witnesses what is happening to him, but is too late to stop it. He goes to a strip club. The strippers have been zombified and chase him out, but he learns they are afraid of the dark. After calling the local radio station with this information, he returns to his house, which his two daughters have been left to defend alone. Keith takes his daughters and the secretary from the police station and her ex-boyfriend with him and they flee the town in Keith's SUV. However as they are leaving the town, Keith's youngest daughter states that she is hungry and wants something to eat. Keith promises her they will get some food soon. But she grabs Keith's hand and bites him, and the SUV careens off the road.
Story 2.
A man is found naked in the graveyard, looking for his car and girlfriend after being briefly abducted by aliens. He goes to the police station, where he is able to find a pair of pants, and meets up with a group of a couple other guys and the secretary of the police station. He and she go off into town, do very little, and ultimately ending up at the same house as the man in story 1.
Story 3.
The town's preacher is attacked by a zombie in his church and is forced to kill the zombie while sustaining a bite wound on his hand. A worried woman asks him to give an impromptu sermon later in the day to comfort the people of the town. The preacher then goes and looks for some alcohol to dull the pain in his hand. However he lives in a dry county. The preacher is forced to steal some liquor from a party being hosted by a pushy woman who borrowed folding chairs from him earlier in the day. The woman tries to stop him but he bites her, and is then horrified by his newfound bloodlust. Later, he gives his flock the requested sermon in the form of an angry rant. He tells his flock that they should not expect the comfort and answers that they seek, when they can't even be bothered to attend regular services. Then he tells them that this is the end of the world, and he states he has no answers and shows them the wound on his hand. A zombie walks in and then the preacher kills the zombie, protecting his flock when, yet again, they show themselves to be incapable or unwilling to act for themselves. The preacher then asks God to forgive him and shoots himself in the head and splatters his blood on a woman of his congregation, and she screams. This ends the preacher story thread.
Story 4.
The scene opens on Chuck sleeping on the floor of his store, "Chuck's Super Video World". He is awakened by one of his customers banging on his front door trying to return a DVD because the drop-box is full of anti-Hollywood pamphlets. The two men have a discussion about wide-screen vs. full-screen, and to make his customer happy, Chuck lets him have a free rental of the full-screen version of "Citizen Kane". 
Chuck then hears something in the back of his store and goes to investigate the noise. He finds nothing at first, but then a zombie grabs him and pulls him back into the store. The zombie and Chuck fight briefly, and Chuck knocks out the zombie with a VCR to the head. The VCR then ejects Chuck's missing copy of "Night of the Living Dead". 
Chuck attempts to contact the chief of police but he is out of town, and the secretary asks him to call back on Monday when the chief returns. Chuck then calls his mother and asks her how to get blood out of his t-shirt because he got blood on himself while fighting the zombie, and after she gives him a brief history of stain removal, she reveals that hydrogen peroxide works best. Chuck tells his mother what happened and makes plans to dispose of the corpse.
Chuck loads the zombie into his truck and takes it to the police station and leaves it there with a post it note on the head with his name and number on it and instructions for the police chief to contact him on Monday when he gets back. 
Chuck leaves to go to breakfast and becomes aggravated when the restaurant he chooses doesn't have any Coke but offers him Pepsi instead. Chuck is next seen eating his breakfast as the character Chris sits down and starts talking to him about the corpse that Chuck left at the police station when Barbara, the secretary at the police station, calls looking for Chris. 
The two men go to the cemetery to look for Barbara's car which was taken by the agent from the Dept of Homeland Defense. They get to the cemetery and find the agent and Michael, and give them both a ride back to the police station. Everyone decides to try to find Barbara's car while Chuck volunteers to stay behind in case someone calls the police station. 
Chuck kills time by smoking some confiscated marijuana and waiting for the college football game to come on. Chuck watches TV while waiting for the game to come on and is upset when the game is preempted for a news report about the zombies in town. The newscaster then calls the police station and gets Chuck. The newscaster assumes that Chuck is a cop, but Chuck corrects him and then asks the newscaster to put the game back on, but the newscaster is persistent and gets Chuck to talk about the zombies. After telling what he knows about the zombies, Chuck again tries to get the newscaster to put the game back on; unfortunately it does not work, and the news broadcast continues. 
Later Chuck finds out from a radio broadcast that the zombies are afraid of the dark and waits for night to fall before trying to make his escape. 
Chuck is the last character seen alive and he is about to leave the police station to make a run for it, when he hears that the game is about to be broadcast. Chuck checks his watch and sees that he has enough time to watch the game, and sits down to watch as the movie ends and the credits roll.
Birthday call.
Birthday call, the short which inspired Hide and Creep, takes place in a basement (again, in Thorsby Alabama) besieged by a horde of zombies, where a man calls his friend to wish him a happy birthday only to later discover that his companion has been bitten.
Reception.
Reviews have been positive to mixed. Rotten Tomatoes user review is 72%, professional reviews indicate 3 positive, 0 negative.

</doc>
<doc id="5922471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922471" title="We Could Be Together">
We Could Be Together

"We Could Be Together" (Atlantic 88896; Atlantic UK A8896; Atlantic Japan 09P3-6194) is the ninth single from American singer-songwriter-actress Debbie Gibson, and the fourth from the 1989 album "Electric Youth" (LP 81932). Originally produced by Fred Zarr, arranged by Zarr and Gibson, and engineered by Phil Castellano, this song was edited from its original recording for the single release. This song featured the great talents of Matt Finders. The catchy bubblegum pop number performed better overseas than at home, peaking at #22 in the United Kingdom but stalling at #59 in Australia and #71 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States.
Track listing.
"We Could Be Together" (Atlantic DM 86315)
"We Could Be Together" (U.S. Promo CD #PR2724-2)
All songs by Debbie Gibson - Music Sales Corp., ASCAP
"We Could Be Together" (U.K. 7" Single Atlantic A8896)

</doc>
<doc id="5922475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922475" title="Yvonne S. Wilson">
Yvonne S. Wilson

Yvonne S. Wilson (born March 22, 1929) is a Democratic politician from Missouri. She was born in Kansas City, Missouri.
She received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Lincoln University in elementary education in 1950, and a Master of Arts degree in sociology from University of Missouri-Kansas City in 1971. She served in the Kansas City school district for 35 years as a teacher, principal, and Director of Elementary Education.
She was first elected to the Missouri House of Representatives in a special election in 1999. She served in that body through 2002. In 2004, she was first elected to the Missouri State Senate. She serves on the following committees:

</doc>
<doc id="5922477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922477" title="The Second Hundred Years (TV series)">
The Second Hundred Years (TV series)

The Second Hundred Years is an American sitcom starring Monte Markham which aired on the ABC television network for one season from September 6, 1967 to March 28, 1968 (repeats were shown through September 1968).
Synopsis.
"The Second Hundred Years" was what was called a "high-concept" show—one which was based on circumstances which were extremely unlikely to occur in real life. The concept here was that one Lucius "Luke" Carpenter had left for Alaska in 1900 as part of a gold rush, but soon after his arrival was buried in a glacial avalanche. His burial was evidently so complete and so rapid that he survived in a state of suspended animation for 67 years. He was then thawed out and soon brought to the home of his now-elderly son, Edwin (portrayed by Arthur O'Connell), a land developer in Woodland Oaks, California. 
The humor centered around how Luke was younger, both in appearance and attitude, than both his son, who was 67 (referenced in the pilot), but also his grandson Ken, who at 33 was the exact age at which Luke had disappeared and been preserved, and who was a near double for his grandfather (not surprising, as both characters were portrayed by Markham). Difficulty adjusting to all of the technology of the modern era aside, Luke, who was an affable, light-hearted sort, was in some ways more at home in his new world than Edwin. Other times it would play on how both men had buttoned-down ways, but how Luke is treated differently than Edwin for it, such as when Luke considers remarrying and courts a young woman by taking her out on a date in a horse and buggy, to which he is treated as an old-fashioned romantic.
Reception.
The series drew overwhelmingly negative reviews, but premiered with strong ratings. By October, however, the series dropped to the bottom 25. In March 1968, the series was moved to Thursday nights (replacing "Batman") but was canceled by ABC a little more than a week later.

</doc>
<doc id="5922479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922479" title="Vila Cova (Barcelos)">
Vila Cova (Barcelos)

Vila Cova is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Barcelos. It has a population of 1,970 inhabitants and a total area of 9.56 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5922485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922485" title="Trooper Clerks">
Trooper Clerks

Trooper Clerks is an American animated Internet film that was nominated for the 2003 Official Star Wars Fan Film Awards, and won the animation category. It was made by Studio Creations.
Plot.
As written from the official site, "Trooper Clerks is a parody mixing the characters from Kevin Smith's Clerks universe with the settings and characters in George Lucas's Star Wars universe. The end result is a hilarious yet foul-languaged multimedia experiment that has captured the hearts and minds of thousands of fans."
Cartoons.
Trooper Clerks: The Animated One-Shot - Part I
Being told that their jobs are in peril due to cutbacks, Stormtroopers Dante and Randal embark on a quest to steal the Death Star plans by hiring the station's Sith duo in training, Darth Jay and Darth Bob.
Darth Jay is portrayed as Darth Maul from "" (with the black stripes on his face forming a pot leaf) and as told in the short film, Darth Bob is based on Darth Sidious (in fact, he is also called "Silent Palpatine".)
Trooper Clerks: The Animated One-Shot - Part II
Dante and Randal continue their quest of gainful employment while Darth Jay and Darth Bob pull every trick in the book trying to snatch the plans from its ultra-secure location.
Trooper Clerks: The Live-Action Trailer
This is a shot-for-shot recreation of the 1994 "Clerks" movie trailer. This was the first project the Studio Creations Team ever did with "Trooper Clerks", and it was made in 1998. "Clerks" director Kevin Smith wrote the creators an email upon watching the trailer online, encouraging them to do more with the parody if they choose to.

</doc>
<doc id="5922488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922488" title="Infocos">
Infocos

TIRS Infocos Informática is a Brazilian company specialized in providing services and products related to computer networks. Makers of the Kronos Linux-based server platform.

</doc>
<doc id="5922510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922510" title="Vila Seca (Barcelos)">
Vila Seca (Barcelos)

Vila Seca is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Barcelos. It has a population of 1,275 inhabitants and a total area of 6.08 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5922513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922513" title="Kalinovka">
Kalinovka

Kalinovka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5922515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922515" title="Hohnstein">
Hohnstein

Hohnstein is a town in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. As of 2010 its population was of 3,671.
Geography.
It is situated in Saxon Switzerland, 12 km east of Pirna, and 28 km southeast of Dresden (centre). It is dominated by its castle, standing on a sandstone rock.
Municipal territory includes the villages ("Ortsteil") of Cunnersdorf, Ehrenberg, Goßdorf, Lohsdorf, Rathewalde, Ulbersdorf and Waitzdorf.

</doc>
<doc id="5922517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922517" title="Ham Green">
Ham Green

Ham Green could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5922519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922519" title="Hobson's Conduit">
Hobson's Conduit

Hobson's Conduit is a watercourse that was built from 1610 to 1614 by Thomas Hobson to bring fresh water into the city of Cambridge, England from springs at Nine Wells, a Local Nature Reserve (), near the village of Great Shelford. It is now a Scheduled Ancient Monument and historical relic. What remains of the conduit flows beside Trumpington Street and past Brookside, where it is at its widest. At the corner of Lensfield Road stands an octagonal monument to Hobson, which once formed part of the market square fountain, and was moved to this location in 1856, after a fire in the Market. The flow of water runs under Lensfield Road, and subsequently runs along both sides of Trumpington Street in broad gutters towards Peterhouse and St Catharine's College, and also St Andrew's Street. The conduit currently ends at Silver Street.
The scheme was first devised in 1574 by Andrew Perne, Master of Peterhouse, who proposed that a stream be diverted from Nine Wells through the town and the King's Ditch to improve sanitation. The design was revived by James Montagu, Master of Sidney Sussex College and built at the expense of the University and town. Although Thomas Hobson was just only one of those involved in the construction he endowed a Hobson's Conduit Trust to deal with maintenance of the waterway, which still exists today. The new river was dug from Vicar's Brook near Long Road to the conduit head at the end of Lensfield Road as a joint venture between the University and the city. Here the flow of water was divided into four separate branches for different uses.
Trumpington Street branch.
The original branch still functions as sluices along Trumpington Street, where it is known as the Pem (east side) and Pot (west side). The City Council's Drainage Engineer controls flow through the sluices and generally lets water flow in the open conduits in Trumpington Street between April and September. Feeds run into Peterhouse and Pembroke Colleges. A run also used to feed into the basement of the old Addenbrooke's Hospital, which is now the location of the Judge Institute.
Market Place branch.
Completed in 1614, this branch brought fresh water to the Market fountain in the centre of the Cambridge Market Place. Following a fire in 1849, the Market Square was redeveloped and in 1855 a Gothic Revival gabled fountain was erected (marked on many contemporary maps as "lavatory" as there were underground public conveniences here) and the original structure of Hobson's Conduit was moved. Most of the fountain was pulled down in 1953.
Flow to this branch was cut off in 1960 during construction of the Lion Yard development and has never been restored.
St Andrew's Street branch.
Added in 1631, this branch flowed from the conduit head along Lensfield Road and St Andrew's Street toward Drummer Street where it split into feeds that ran into Christ's and Emmanuel Colleges as well as a public dipping point. Much of the open conduit along St Andrew's Street was covered in 1996 as part of pedestrian improvements.
Parker's Piece branch.
A final branch ran from the conduit head toward Parker's Piece to feed a cattle pond, but this was disrupted in 1827 when the pond was filled in.
Monuments.
There are two monuments, one on Lensfield Road (, see picture below) and one at Nine Wells. The latter was erected in 1861 by public subscription and records the benefactors to the water course and conduit as:

</doc>
<doc id="5922525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922525" title="Davis (CTA station)">
Davis (CTA station)

Davis is a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's 'L' system, on the Purple Line in Evanston, Illinois. It is located at 1612 Benson Avenue (directional coordinates 1600 north, 800 west), in the middle of downtown Evanston, and next to the Davis Street stop of Metra's Union Pacific/North Line. The station is also a terminus for three CTA and three Pace bus routes.
History.
Structure.
The current station was reconstructed from 1992 until 1994, and is made out of brick and concrete with a spacious metal and glass train shed, but lacks the styling or decoration found in many other CTA stations, giving Davis a modern urban, if utilitarian, feel. The station sports two prominent clock towers, on the west and east sides. It has several different paintings hanging in various areas of the platform. It also has a light board system, as well as a speaker system to alert passengers of train delays. There is a Dunkin' Donuts on the lower level, near the fare card vending machines. The platform, like most elevated CTA platforms, has a problem with pigeons. To combat the dropping issue, the CTA installed a fishnet over the entire station. While the fishnet has stopped pigeons from the area over the rails, there are a few signs, toward the back of the platforms, that have spikes, which does not work that often.
Platform signage.
Davis is one of the four test sites for the Active Transit Station Signs (ATSS) program. In September 2002, the signs were installed at the station. The signs display preprogrammed and service-related messages as well as a countdown until the next train; however, the Davis station's signs do not display the countdown feature due to a programming glitch.
Bus and rail connections.
CTA
Pace
Metra Trains

</doc>
<doc id="5922537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922537" title="Backyard golf">
Backyard golf

Backyard golf is a lawn game played in the United States. The game is very similar to golf, however, it uses fewer clubs (i.e. sand wedge, pitching wedge, and nine iron). The balls are wiffleballs that are often covered with electrical, duct, or masking tape. The courses typically consist of one central hole location where different tee boxes constitute different "holes." Most courses have nine holes, although larger yards have been known to have 18 or 36 holes. The game is very easy to play as it requires minimal technical skill. The large size of the ball and short distance of the holes make backyard golf conducive to casual play.
The whereabouts of the game's origins remain unclear. It is entirely probable that the game was "invented" many times in many locations as a fun game in the vein of horseshoes, shuffleboard, or croquet. The game is very popular in Western Massachusetts where organized tournaments have occurred.
A relatively famous permanent course exists in Ludlow, Massachusetts on Chapin Street. It is known as the Ancient Nine or Lavoie Course. It is the only known course where the public is welcome to play the game on private property free of charge during daylight hours.

</doc>
<doc id="5922539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922539" title="Vila Seca">
Vila Seca

Vila Seca may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5922545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922545" title="Holy Trinity Cathedral of Tbilisi">
Holy Trinity Cathedral of Tbilisi

The Holy Trinity Cathedral of Tbilisi ( "Thbilisis cminda samebis sakathedro tadzari") commonly known as Sameba ( for Trinity) is the main Cathedral of the Georgian Orthodox Church located in Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia. Constructed between 1995 and 2004, it is the third-tallest Eastern Orthodox cathedral in the world. Sameba is a synthesis of traditional styles dominating the Georgian church architecture at various stages in history and has some Byzantine undertones.
History.
The idea to build a new cathedral to commemorate 1,500 years of autocephaly of the Georgian Orthodox Church and 2,000 years from the birth of Jesus emerged as early as 1989, a crucial year for the national awakening of the then-Soviet republic of Georgia. In May 1989, the Georgian Orthodox Patriarchate and the authorities of Tbilisi announced an international contest for the "Holy Trinity Cathedral" project. No winner was chosen at the first round of the contest when more than a hundred projects were submitted. Finally the design by architect Archil Mindiashvili won. The subsequent turbulent years of civil unrest in Georgia deferred this grandiose plan for six years, and it was not until November 23, 1995, that the foundation of the new cathedral was laid. The construction of the church was proclaimend as a "symbol of the Georgian national and spiritual revival" and was sponsored mostly by anonymous donations from several businessmen and common citizens. On November 23, 2004, on St. George's Day, the cathedral was consecrated by Catholicos Patriarch of Georgia Ilia II and high-ranking representatives of fellow Orthodox Churches of the world. The ceremony was also attended by leaders of other religious and confessional communities in Georgia as well as by political leaders.
The site chosen for the new Cathedral complex was once a large cemetery, the oldest Armenian cemetery in Tbilisi, known as Khojavank or the Armenian Pantheon of Tbilisi (on account of the number of notable Armenians buried there). Khojavank also once had an Armenian church, the Holy Mother of God, which was destroyed during the Soviet period. Most of the cemetery's gravestones and monuments were also destroyed and the cemetery was turned into a park. However, Armenian sources contend that the cemetery still contained over 90,000 Armenian graves when the construction of the Sameba Cathedral began. The cemetery was treated with a "scandalous lack of respect". No reburials were organized, and after bones and gravestones appeared scattered all over the construction site protests temporarily halted the construction of the cathedral. However, building work soon resumed.
Architecture.
The Sameba Cathedral is erected on the Elia Hill, which rises above the left bank of the Kura River (Mtkvari) in the historic neighborhood of Avlabari in Old Tbilisi.
Designed in a traditional Georgian style but with an exaggerated vertical emphasis, and regarded as an eyesore by many and venerated by as many others, the Sameba Cathedral has a cruciform plan with a dome over a crossing which rests on eight columns. At the same time, the parameters of the dome is independent from the apses, imparting a more monumental look to the dome and the church in general. The dome is surmounted by a 7.5 metre tall cross covered with gold.
The cathedral consists of nine chapels (chapels of the Archangels, John the Baptist, Saint Nino, Saint George, Saint Nicholas, the Twelve Apostles, and All Saints); five of them are situated in a large, underground compartment. The overall area of the cathedral, including its large narthex, is 5,000 square meters and the volume it occupies is 137 cubic meters. The interior of the church measures 56 metres by 44 metres, with an interior area of 2,380 square metres. The height of the cathedral from the ground to the top of the cross is 105,5 metres. The underground chapel occupies 35,550 cubic metres. The height is 13 metres. 
Natural materials are used for construction. The floor is made of marble tiles and the altar will also be decorated with mosaic. The painting of the murals is being executed by a group of artists guided by Amiran Goglidze.
The Sameba complex, the construction of which is already completed, consists of the main cathedral church, a free-standing bell-tower, the residence of the Patriarch, a monastery, a clerical seminary and theological academy, several workshops, places for rest, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5922552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922552" title="Truckin'">
Truckin'

"Truckin'" is a song by the Grateful Dead, which first appeared on their 1970 album "American Beauty". It was recognized by the United States Library of Congress in 1997 as a national treasure.
Written by band members Jerry Garcia, Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, and lyricist Robert Hunter, "Truckin'" molds classic Grateful Dead rhythms and instrumentation with lyrics that use the band's misfortunes on the road as a metaphor for getting through the constant changes in life. Its climactic refrain, "What a long, strange trip it's been," has achieved widespread cultural use in the years since the song's release.
Music.
"Truckin'" is associated with the blues and other early 20th century forms of folk music.
"Truckin'" was considered a "catchy shuffle" by the band members. Garcia himself commented that "the early stuff we wrote that we tried to set to music was stiff because it wasn't really meant to be "sung" ... the result of Robert Hunter getting into our touring world, the better he could write ... and the better we could create music around it." The communal, shared-group-experience feel of the song is brought home by the participation of all four of the group's chief songwriters (Garcia, Weir, Lesh, and Hunter), since, in Phil Lesh's words, "we took our experiences on the road and made it poetry," lyrically and musically. He goes on to say that "the last chorus defines the band itself."
Single and album history.
The song was taken from the "American Beauty" album and edited down in length from five to three minutes for release as a single. In addition to being shorter, the single version had some audible differences compared to the album version: it featured sections of lead guitar in places where it's faded down on the album version, and has a strongly processed verse vocal, different vocal track for the "Sometimes the lights..." portion, and is missing the album version's organ part.
The single reached number 64 on January 27, 1971 on the U.S. Pop Singles chart and stayed there for eight weeks. "Truckin'" was the highest-charting pop single the group would have until the surprise top-ten performance of "Touch of Grey" 16⅔ years later.
The song was influenced by a dance from the twenties called "jiggeln'". It was more influenced by underground comix artist R. Crumb's drawing "Keep on Truckin'" that appeared in Zap Comix #1, released in San Francisco in 1968.
Chart history.
Pop Singles
Performance history.
"Truckin'" debuted as the first song on the first set on August 18, 1970 at The Fillmore in San Francisco, the same performance where many of "American Beauty"'s songs premiered.
A longer rendition that turns into a jam was included on the popular 1972 live album "Europe '72" segueing into "Epilogue" followed by "Prelude".
Truckin' typically took its spot in the second set of a concert; usually soon before or after Drums/Space in 1980s. Most of the time Truckin' would transition into "The Other One", a stellar example can be found on Dick's Picks Volume 18 (Truckin' >Drums >The Other One). That version has the typical "The Other One" teaser which was normally present in the end of a Truckin' jam whether or not "The Other One" was played.
Over the band's long concert career, "Truckin'" was performed 520 times, making it the eighth-most performed Dead song.

</doc>
<doc id="5922560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922560" title="Orlando Graham">
Orlando Graham

Orlando Graham (born May 5, 1965 in Montgomery, Alabama), is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Miami Heat in the 2nd round (40th overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft. A 6'8" forward from Auburn University at Montgomery, Graham played in only one NBA season for the Golden State Warriors during the 1988-89 NBA season. He appeared in 7 games and scored a total of 8 points in his brief NBA career. Graham was the fifth ever draft pick in Miami Heat history.

</doc>
<doc id="5922566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922566" title="Hollfeld">
Hollfeld

Hollfeld is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. 
It is situated 20 km west of Bayreuth, and 30 km east of Bamberg.

</doc>
<doc id="5922570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922570" title="Practical Computing">
Practical Computing

Practical Computing was a UK computer magazine published . The magazine was published by IPC Electrical Electronic Press Ltd. The first edition was released in August 1978 as a special computer show edition, and the second issue was October 1978. The magazine carried on to 1987 when it merged with "Business Computing". In September 1989, it was renamed "Management Computing".
It provided in-depth reviews and previews of the latest hardware and software for the information technology enthusiasts and professionals, initially providing a mix of articles aimed at hobbyists and at small business people, later focusing its attention increasingly exclusively on the business and professional market.
Development and evolution.
The magazine followed the trends of the microcomputer industry at the time. Initially it covered a broad range of systems including Commodore PETs and the Tandy TRS-80 as well as single-board computers such as the UK101 and Nascom 2. Later in its life it focussed more on business computers such as the ACT Sirius 1 and the IBM PC. Towards the end of its life, reflecting their dominance in the small computing marketplace, it covered the IBM PC and compatibles almost exclusively, with the occasional Apple Mac or small UNIX workstation piece.
The editors were:
The initial publisher in 1978 was Wim Hoeksma, who died in 1981. Chris Hipwell was its publisher in the early 1980s. Tom Maloney was advertising manager.
The cover price in 1978 was 50p; in June 1980 it rose to 60p, June 1981 80p, 1984 85p and 1985 £1.
"Your Computer" was a spin-off from "Practical Computing".

</doc>
<doc id="5922580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922580" title="Mughira ibn Shu'ba">
Mughira ibn Shu'ba

al-Mughīrah ibn Shuʿbah ibn Abī ʿĀmir ibn Masʿūd ath-Thaqafī () was one of the more prominent companions of Muhammad. He belonged to the tribe of Thaqif of Ta'if. 
Mughira ibn Shu'ba was one of the last companions to see the Prophet before his passing away.

</doc>
<doc id="5922593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922593" title="Vila Frescainha (São Martinho)">
Vila Frescainha (São Martinho)

Vila Frescainha (São Martinho) is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Barcelos. It has a population of 2,219 inhabitants and a total land area of 3.86 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5922605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922605" title="Pride Final Conflict Absolute">
Pride Final Conflict Absolute

Pride Final Conflict Absolute was a mixed martial arts event held by the Pride Fighting Championships. It took place at the Saitama Super Arena in Saitama, Japan on September 10, 2006. 
Background.
This event comprised the semifinal and final rounds of the Pride Open-Weight Grand Prix tournament. The tournament began on May 5, 2006 at the Total Elimination Absolute event and then continued on July 1, 2006 at Critical Countdown Absolute.
Pride 2006 Openweight Grand Prix Bracket.
1Fedor Emelianenko suffered a hand injury and could not participate in the tournament. He was replaced by Wanderlei Silva.

</doc>
<doc id="5922615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922615" title="Plobsheim">
Plobsheim

Plobsheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.

</doc>
<doc id="5922621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922621" title="Hornberg">
Hornberg

Hornberg is a town in the Ortenaukreis, in western Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated in the Black Forest, 35 km southeast of Offenburg, and 25 km northwest of Villingen-Schwenningen.

</doc>
<doc id="5922629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922629" title="Mughira (name)">
Mughira (name)

Mughira, as a male Arabic name.
Mughira as a given name or a surname can be associated with:

</doc>
<doc id="5922643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922643" title="Conservation Authority">
Conservation Authority

Conservation Authority may refer to:
Canada
New Zealand

</doc>
<doc id="5922647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922647" title="Beyond the Thunder">
Beyond the Thunder

Beyond the Thunder is the second solo album by American guitarist Neal Schon released in 1995.
Background and writing.
Between the time in the early-to-mid-90s that Neal Schon played in the band Hardline and later reformed Journey, he released this album mixing fusion, world music and acoustic rock influences. Schon collaborated with many old friends including Jonathan Cain and Steve Smith from Journey, and Santana percussionists Chepito Areas and Michael Carabello. 
In the liner notes Schon recalls the background on some of the songs including "Send Me an Angel" which is about his wife Dina. The unique wolf howl sound effects on "Call of the Wild" were created by Schon on guitar after listening to a tape Michael Carabello had recorded on a trip in Alaska. "Big Moon" contains Journey-esque melodies, as Cain and Schon used the original guitar from the Journey song "I'll Be Alright Without You" for the track's sound.
The track "Deep Forest" originated as an acoustic instrumental Schon would perform live in concert with Hardline. As he described "I had all these bits and pieces that I had played over the years that I just love. And so "Deep Forest" is a composed version of what I used to do when I was improvising on stage.". The viola parts of this arrangement were played on keyboard by Schon and according to Cain the first take of the song was used for the album.
As a footnote, the album's liner notes contained a shout-out to Journey's former lead singer Steve Perry when Schon commented "I think Steve Perry is going to like this record." The comment may have been a response to words in Perry's song "Anyway" from his 1994 album "For the Love of Strange Medicine", which recalled his time together with his "brothers" in Journey. Within one year, Schon and Perry would reunite Journey to release "Trial by Fire" in 1996.
Track listing.
All songs written by Schon & Cain unless noted:

</doc>
<doc id="5922650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922650" title="Vila Frescainha (São Pedro)">
Vila Frescainha (São Pedro)

Vila Frescainha (São Pedro) is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Barcelos. It has a population of 1,655 inhabitants and a total area of 3.16 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5922663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922663" title="Vilar de Figos">
Vilar de Figos

Vilar de Figos is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Barcelos. It has a population of 641 inhabitants and a total area of 3.76 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5922675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922675" title="United Nations geoscheme for the Americas">
United Nations geoscheme for the Americas

The following is an alphabetical list of subregions in the United Nations geoscheme for the Americas.
In this scheme, the continent of North America is divided into the subregions of Northern America, Caribbean, and Central America.

</doc>
<doc id="5922682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922682" title="Vilar do Monte (Barcelos)">
Vilar do Monte (Barcelos)

Vilar do Monte is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Barcelos. It has a population of 660 inhabitants and a total area of 4.83 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5922684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922684" title="Bone morphogenetic protein receptors">
Bone morphogenetic protein receptors

There are three bone morphogenetic protein receptors in humans: 

</doc>
<doc id="5922689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922689" title="Tony Hollings">
Tony Hollings

Tony Terrell Hollings (born December 1, 1981 in Macon, Georgia) is a former American football running back. He was originally selected in the second round of the 2003 NFL Supplemental Draft out of Georgia Tech by the Houston Texans.
Because of knee surgery when he was at Georgia Tech, Hollings went nearly a year between games, but he regained durability throughout his rookie season and showed promise. On September 21 against the Kansas City Chiefs, in his first non-special teams action, he tore off 41 yards on 7 carries. He wound up starting a game late in the '03 season. Ex-coach Dom Capers said Hollings gave the team “some speed and burst”. Hollings was given the nickname "Superman" during his college career because of the way he "flew" over defensive opponents. 
In 2008 he played for the Dresden Monarchs in the German Football League as starting Halfback. One year later he was traded to the Berlin Adler but suffered a season-ending injury. 

</doc>
<doc id="5922692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922692" title="WDDN-LD">
WDDN-LD

WDDN-LD is a low-power religious television station in Washington, DC, broadcasting locally on channel 23 as an affiliate of Daystar. Founded April 14, 1994, the station is owned by Daystar Television Network. 

</doc>
<doc id="5922699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922699" title="Wipeout">
Wipeout

Wipe out or wipeout may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5922708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922708" title="Hüfingen">
Hüfingen

Hüfingen is a town in the district of Schwarzwald-Baar, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the Breg River, 4 km south of the source of the Danube.
History.
Hüfingen has the historical distinction of once marking the boundary of the Roman empire. In the first century of the common era, imperial policy settled on using the natural boundaries formed by the Danube and the Rhine rivers. Because of its proximity to the source of the Danube in nearby Donaueschingen, Hüfingen was the site of a Roman fort, Brigobanne, built to implement this policy. The legions built a road to Hüfingen from what is now Schleitheim, on the upper Rhine in Switzerland, thus connecting the two rivers with a man-made line on the landscape, defining a continuous border.
Geography.
Location.
The city is situated at around 750 meters above sea level on the Baar plateau on the eastern edge of the southern Black Forest in the valley of Breg, about four kilometers south of Donaueschingen.
Nearby Towns.
To the north of the town is Donaueschingen, to the east is the city Geisingen in the district of Tuttlingen, to the south the town borders on Blumberg, and to the west is the city of Bräunlingen.

</doc>
<doc id="5922711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922711" title="London Blitz (American football)">
London Blitz (American football)

London Blitz are a British amateur American football team based in North London at Finsbury Park athletics stadium.
Overview.
The Blitz field a senior team in the BAFA Community Leagues Premiership as well as youth teams. The roster has included both local players as well as players from North America, Jamaica, South Africa and Uganda. The team remained in the Premier division following the 2007 BAFL re-alignment.
The team was formed in 1995 after a merger between pre-existing sides: the Ealing Eagles (1984–1994) and the Woking Generals (1988–1993). The Blitz rose from the lower divisions of the then-British Senior League to the Premier Division. They won the British national championship, BritBowl XXI, in 2007, defeating Coventry Cassidy Jets 14-6. They returned to defend the title in 2008, missing out to a field goal with 4 seconds left to play losing 32-33 against Coventry Cassidy Jets in a repeat of the 2007 match. In 2009 and 2010 the Blitz have cemented their place as the premier team in the UK by winning back to back BritBowls. In 2009 at the Keepmoat Stadium in Doncaster they defeated the Coventry Jets 26-7 in BritBowl XXIII, then in 2010 at Sixways Stadium in Worcester facing the Coventry Jets for the fourth consecutive final they won 34-20 in BritBowl XXIV.
The team participated in their sixth consecutive BritBowl in September 2011. They defeated the London Warriors 18 - 0 at Crystal Palace National Sports Centre in London. The 2011 double triumph of EFAF Cup and BritBowl was the most successful season for a British American Football team since the achievements of the London Olympians in the early nineties.
In 2010 the London Blitz had their first venture into European competition in the EFAF (European Federation of American Football) Cup (the second highest tier of European Club American Football), the Blitz defeated the Amsterdam Crusaders in the Netherlands and Les Cougars de Saint-Ouen L'Aumone (from the outskirts of Paris) at home in the group stage but then lost in the semi-final to the Carlstad Crusaders in Sweden.
In 2011 they again entered the EFAF Cup. They won their group matches comfortably, beating the Amsterdam Crusaders again, this time at home and then defeated the Valencia Firebats in Spain. The Blitz hosted the Danish Champions the Søllerød Gold Diggers in the semi-final beating them 23-7. The final was held at Finsbury Park on 2 July 2011. In front of a crowd of nearly 2,000 people the London Blitz won the EFAF Cup by beating the Serbian Champions, the Kragujevac Wild Boars 29-7.
2012 saw the Blitz lose games in both Europe and in the domestic league for the first time in a few years. In Europe they took part in the EFL Eurobowl for the first time in the club's history. Group wins in Paris against the La Courneuve Flash and at home to L'Hospitalet Pioners from Spain led to a quarter final in Berlin against the Berlin Adler. The Blitz dominated most of the game and led late on but eventually lost 21-15. In the re-aligned domestic BAFANL Premiership South league they lost twice during the season to the London Warriors. The first time the Blitz had lost regular season games since 2008. However, they reached their 7th consecutive BritBowl at Don Valley Stadium in Sheffield where they faced the London Warriors again and this time the Blitz finished as winners when it mattered. The final score was 37-21 making the London Blitz national champions for the fourth consecutive year.
The current team captain is Roderick Bradley who appeared on television as Spartan in the 2008/2009 series of Gladiators. Bradley joined the Blitz in 2005 after attending Loughborough University. The current quarterback is Fred Boyle, who joined the Blitz in 2009 after leading the Hertfordshire Hurricanes for four years at the University of Hertfordshire. The Club Chairman and starting safety is Ed Morgan who joined the Blitz in 2006 after attending Leeds University. Bradley, Boyle and Morgan have represented Great Britain in the sport along with many other Blitz players.
Team colours.
London Blitz play in white helmets (with navy blue oval logo), navy blue jerseys with white numbers, white pants, and navy blue socks. Their alternative kit is white jerseys with navy blue numbers, white pants and white socks.

</doc>
<doc id="5922726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922726" title="Fighter Mafia">
Fighter Mafia

The Fighter Mafia was a controversial group of U.S. Air Force officers and civilian defense analysts who, in the 1970s, advocated the use of John Boyd and Thomas P. Christie's Energy-Maneuverability (E-M) theory as the sole driver in designing fighter aircraft. The mathematical model developed enabled quantitative (number-driven) one-to-one comparison of the performance of aircraft in terms of air combat maneuvering, independent of real world flight testing. The model was used to identify deficiencies with both designs in service and proposed designs of the time. The Fighter Mafia would influence the specifications of the F-X, and went on to independently develop specifications for the Light Weight Fighter. The group was instrumental in a return to air-combat maneuverability as one of the defining qualities of fighter planes after the Vietnam War showed that long-range missile systems of the time were insufficient as the sole deciding factor in air combat. The next generation of warplanes combined both maneuverability (which the group advocated) as well as the high-tech electronics and missiles (that they opposed). Aircraft in this generation included the F-15, F-16 and F/A-18.
Name.
The nickname, a professional jest coined by an Air Force member of Italian heritage, was a rejoinder to the "Bomber Mafia", theorists at the Air Corps Tactical School in the 1930s whose ideas led to the primacy of strategic bombing over the fighter within the Air Force.
History.
In the 1960s, both the U.S. Air Force and Navy were in the process of acquiring large, heavy fighters designed primarily to fight with missiles. Project Forecast, a 1963 Air Force attempt to identify future weapons trends, stated that a counterair force must be able to destroy aircraft in the air at long ranges using advanced weapon systems. The Air Force felt that these needs would be filled for the next twenty years by missile-armed variants of the F-111 and F-4 Phantom II. Their F-X fighter acquisition program, initially merged into the TFX program (which developed the F-111), was written along those lines.
Real-world combat during the Vietnam War demonstrated that the entire "Missileer" concept was not ready for real combat conditions. Restrictive rules of engagement, limitations in communications and IFF, poor reliability of the early generation missiles and a wide variety of other problems conspired to make air-to-air combat devolve into dogfights far more often than US air combat tacticians envisioned. In spite of a huge technical superiority on paper and some very successful BVR missile aces, the US Navy and Air Force F-4s found themselves fighting at close quarters with the "inferior" MiG-21, and losing the fight more often than US's clear-cut technical advantage should afford. The heavy and poorly maneuverable fighters imagined as part of F-X would be even worse off in these situations.
Boyd's work with E-M modeling demonstrated that the F-111 would be poorly suited to the role of fighter, and the Air Force F-X proposal was quietly rewritten to reflect his findings, dropping a heavy swing-wing from the design, lowering the gross weight from 60,000+ pounds to slightly below 40,000, and decreasing the top speed from Mach 2.7 to 2.3–2.5. The result was the F-15 Eagle, an aircraft that was far superior in maneuverability to the F-111 fighter variants. The Air Force had also been studying a lighter day fighter; starting in 1965, the Air Force had pursued a low-priority study of the Advanced Day Fighter (ADF), a 25,000 pound design. After they learned of the MiG-25 in 1967, a minor panic broke out and the ADF was dropped in order to focus work on the F-15. The F-15, originally a lighter aircraft, grew in size and weight as it attempted to match the inflated performance estimates of the MiG-25. While Boyd's contributions to the F-15 were significant, he felt that it was still a compromise.
Boyd, defense analysts Tom Christie and Pierre Sprey, and test pilot Col. Everest Riccioni and aeronautical engineer Harry Hillaker formed the core of the self-dubbed "Fighter Mafia" which worked behind the scenes in the late 1960s to pursue a lightweight fighter as an alternative to the F-15. The group strongly believed that an ideal fighter should not include any of the sophisticated radar and missile systems or rudimentary ground-attack capability that found their way into the F-15. Riccioni coined the nickname, a joke on his Italian heritage that harkened back to the "Bomber Mafia" (whose acolytes still occupied the upper command positions of the Air Force), and dubbed himself the "godfather". In 1969, under the guise that the Navy was developing a small, high-performance Navy aircraft, Riccioni won $149,000 to fund the "Study to Validate the Integration of Advanced Energy-Maneuverability Theory with Trade-Off Analysis". This money was split between Northrop and General Dynamics to build the embodiment of Boyd's E-M theory – a small, low-drag, low-weight, pure fighter with no bomb racks. Northrop demanded and received $100,000 to design the YF-17; General Dynamics, eager to redeem its debacle with the F-111, received the remainder to develop the YF-16.
Defense Secretary Melvin Laird and Deputy Defense Secretary David Packard, who entered office with the Nixon administration in 1969, were interested in these studies and threw their support behind the notion. In May 1971, Congress issued a critical report of the F-14 and F-15 and advocated spending $50 million on developing an alternative lightweight fighter. This was followed by the assignment of $12 million in the 1972 fiscal year budget for the LWF. On January 6, 1971, an RFP was issued to industry for a 20,000 pound fighter to complement the F-15. Sprey insisted on a fly-off between two prototypes, as he had earlier on the A-X program, pitting the planes against MiG-17s and MiG-21s secretly maintained in Nevada, as well as an F-4. Furthermore, the evaluating pilots would not be test pilots, and each would fly both airframes. In the resulting fighter competition, the USAF would select the YF-16 over the YF-17, and the F-16 would become a highly-versatile, highly advanced multi-role fighter bomber.
Legacy.
The Fighter Mafia attracted considerable controversy and the actual extent of their contribution to shaping US fighter design is a matter of debate. Since the members of the group were in effect preaching a new US air combat doctrine, the expertise and qualifications of the group were the subject of scrutiny and criticism by defense experts and both USAF and USN officers. While Col. Boyd was a Korean War air combat veteran, Col. Riccioni was criticized for his lack of air combat experience, having seen no combat before his assignment to the Pentagon and afterwards opting for a desk position in Korea when offered a chance to fly combat missions in Vietnam. Similarly, Sprey had no military expertise and scarce professional experience with fighter aircraft prior to his participation in the Fighter Mafia. While Sprey education included aeronautical engineering and he wanted to be a plane designer, he later abandoned that path to focus on probabilities, statistics and operational research. In addition, Sprey was noted to have exaggerated his participation in both the testing of the A-10, the design of the F-16 and in NASA's operation of its F-15 test aircraft.
In retrospect, the group's greatest contribution was the promotion of E-M as a basis for evaluating and designing aircraft for air combat maneuvering. At a time when the US military was seemingly obsessed with technological solutions, the Fighter Mafia acted as the opposite extreme from which a more balanced approach to fighter design would emerge. However, this can be seen as ultimately a defeat of the Fighter Mafia and its ideals. While this balanced approach would result in the highly successful F-15, F-15E, F-16, F/A-18 and F/A-18E/F, it did so at the betrayal of the Fighter Mafia's campaign for the US military to adopt a single-role, low-tech fighter in large numbers.
The group's uncompromising disdain of and campaign against advanced weapons, radars, ECM, and multi-role designs, what they characterized as "gold-plating", would prove erroneous. For example, the Fighter Mafia argued that the ground attack mission should be handled by more appropriate, dedicated aircraft such as the A-10, which has had an outstanding record in that area and that the addition of more electronics to F-16 caused its weight to rise to the point where it lost its edge in dogfighting, the mission for which it had been designed. The vision of the group would have seen the US build thousands of dedicated short-ranged, low-tech, fighter-only aircraft to counter Soviet air power on a numerical superiority basis, a plan that was never endorsed by the USAF or the USN. Instead, the success of US military aircraft has shown that the same technology would protect aircraft from missiles in an increasingly sensor-saturated battlefield, and would enable the multi-mission capabilities of modern aircraft. And while the US aircraft has engaged in few air-to-air encounters since Vietnam, the trend continues to show that missiles and in particular increasingly mature long-range missiles are the primary weapon on choice in modern combat, a trend that started as far back as the Vietnam War but continues to be downplayed by the Fighter Mafia.
Although Sprey often portrays himself as a "principal designer" of the F-16, the actual plane that entered service included the long-range missiles, sensors and multi-role capability that he continues to criticize today. Interestingly, the Fighter Mafia can be considered presently active, as Sprey has become an often-cited critic of the F-35, including using comparisons of the accident rates of the early F-16 design that most strongly felt his design influence to argue that the F-35 ought to be equally unsafe.

</doc>
<doc id="5922739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922739" title="WRTN-LP">
WRTN-LP

WRTN-LP is a low-power television station in the Nashville area, based in Lebanon, Tennessee and licensed to Alexandria. The station, which broadcasts on channel 6, is owned by Richard and Lisa Goetz and was affiliated with White Springs Television (as WKRP-LP) until September 2008 when it changed affiliates to RTN (Retro Television Network, currently branded as Retro TV). The low power digital channel 7 started broadcasting on June 12, 2009. On April 27, 2009, the call letters of the digital channel were changed to WRTN-LD, but the call letters of the analog channel remained listed as WKRP-LP until 2010 (despite the callsign being reassigned to WKRP-LP (now WKWT-LP), a sister station in Key West, Florida. The station currently has a construction permit to move to UHF 19.
Digital subchannels.
All subchannels are shown in the 480i SD format.

</doc>
<doc id="5922740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922740" title="Spey Bay">
Spey Bay

Spey Bay is a small settlement in Moray, Scotland. It is situated at the eastern side of the mouth of the River Spey on the coast of the Moray Firth between the village of Kingston on the western side of the Spey, and the fishing port of Buckie to the east.
In popular culture.
Spey Bay is referenced in (but not the subject of) "Spey Bay Area Hardcore", the title of a song by local crossover thrash band Genetic Mutation. The song's subject is the active and stylistically diverse DIY metal and punk rock music scene of Moray since the mid-2000s; which boasts several active bands, many record releases, and for a while, all-ages gigs held in village halls across the central laich of Moray.
The term "Spey Bay Area Hardcore" was coined by local Bry Parasite, as an amalgamation of Spey Bay, and Bay Area Hardcore, a flavour of hardcore which originated in the Bay Area of San Francisco, USA.
The song "Spey Bay Area Hardcore" appears on studio recordings and is still played live by Genetic Mutation.

</doc>
<doc id="5922745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922745" title="Gyldendal">
Gyldendal

Gyldendalske Boghandel, Nordisk Forlag A/S, usually referred to simply as Gyldendal (; , ) is a Danish publishing house. Founded in 1770 by Søren Gyldendal, it is the oldest and largest publishing house in Denmark, offering a wide selection of books including fiction, non-fiction and dictionaries. Prior to 1925, it was also the leading publishing house in Norway, and it published all of Henrik Ibsen's works. In 1925, a Norwegian publishing house named Gyldendal Norsk Forlag ("Gyldendal Norwegian Publishing House") was founded, having bought rights to Norwegian authors from Gyldendal.
Gyldendal is a public company and its shares are traded on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange. 
Gyldendal stopped the print version of their encyclopedia in 2006, focusing instead on selling paid subscriptions for its online encyclopedia. By 2008 it had decided that it needed another approach to support that online site.
Subsidiaries.
Subsidiaries includes; 

</doc>
<doc id="5922750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922750" title="Audrey Cohen">
Audrey Cohen

Audrey C. Cohen (May 14, 1931 – March 10, 1996) was the founding president of Metropolitan College of New York, an institution known for its unique curricular structure and commitment to experiential education. An educational visionary, activist, and social entrepreneur, Cohen was convinced that people learn best when they approach their learning with an immediate, concrete purpose directed at improving the world. The college she founded continues today to provide students with a “Purpose-Centered” education that enables them to work towards a degree while developing their skills as counselors, business managers, teachers, community organizers, and human service providers.
Early life.
Audrey Cohen was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and attended Taylor Allderdice High School. Diminutive in stature, smart, and energetic, she went on to the University of Pittsburgh where she majored in Political Science and Education. During her summers off from college she did volunteer work in Washington with the Young Women’s Christian Association (YWCA), the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) and the American Friends Service Committee (AFSC) – experiences that she later said raised her awareness of social injustice and nurtured her commitment to civic activism.
Cohen graduated from college "magna cum laude" in 1953 and spent the next three years in Japan and Morocco with her husband, Mark Cohen, who was at the time an intelligence officer with the U.S. Navy. The young couple then returned to Washington, D.C. and began raising a family. In 1958 a desire to stay active in the workplace while still caring for her two young daughters prompted Audrey Cohen and another mother to launch Part-Time Research Associates (PTRA), an organization that enabled well-educated married women to work on specific part-time research projects contracted by businesses or government agencies.
When Audrey Cohen and her husband moved to New York City, her outreach work for Part-Time Research Associates expanded, and soon the organization was making a profit. But by early 1964 Cohen began to sense that her focus on finding part-time jobs for well-educated women was insufficient. Michael Harrington’s exposé of "The Other America", Martin Luther King Jr.’s "I Have a Dream" speech, and President Lyndon B. Johnson’s announcement of a “War on Poverty” in his January 1964 inaugural address contributed to a new social consciousness, and Cohen was eager to become part of the era’s efforts to create more just and equitable cities. She and a small group of friends began to organize the Women’s Talent Corps (WTC), an organization that would focus on jobs for low -income women who had been left behind in America’s post-war economic boom.
The Women’s Talent Corps.
For two and a half years Cohen and her associates worked to build support for the new venture. Their aim was to develop an educational institution that would help create above-entry-level jobs in schools, health-care centers, and human service agencies and at the same time provide training for those jobs. Cohen herself engaged in intensive community outreach, visiting low-income neighborhoods in Harlem, Bedford Stuyvesant, and the South Bronx. Making the trips alone and often at night, Cohen spoke to groups of women in their homes, churches, or nearby school auditoriums. She asked them about the kinds of jobs they themselves could imagine doing that would improve the services in their communities, and then she used this information to push city schools and agencies to open new lines of employment. When the funding for her organization was eventually secured, these women became part of the WTC’s first student cohort.
At first Cohen’s project was met with resistance from many of New York City’s social service bureaucracies, especially since it was specifically aimed at and directed by women. But with the passage of the federal Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 and the establishment of the Office of Economic Opportunity (OEO), Cohen saw an opening for support. In July, 1966, her fledgling organization received a Community Action Program grant from the OEO that enabled her to begin accepting students and training them for what are now termed “paraprofessional” jobs in schools, hospitals, and human service agencies throughout the city.
The College for Human Services.
By 1969 the Women’s Talent Corps had grown and was successfully improving the employment opportunities of hundreds of inner-city women, many of whom had previously been on public assistance. But Cohen soon saw opportunities for further growth. Building on the Corps Women’s own requests for more formal training and wanting also to admit men, Cohen changed the organization’s name to the College for Human Services. In 1970, after an arduous struggle, the College succeeded in gaining the authority from the Board of Regents of New York State to grant the Associate degree degree.
From the outset, the College for Human Services was unique. Federal funding required that the College could accept applicants only from families with incomes of less than $3,600, and students were paid a stipend for their fieldwork. The curriculum required that students spent three days in the field assisting at city schools and human service agencies and two full days in the College’s classrooms at 201 Varick Street in Lower Manhattan.
As a "New York Times" article pointed out at the time, the academic courses and the human service work were “coordinated.” Students’ work in the field was informed by their study of social theoreticians such as Erik Erikson, B.F. Skinner, and Marshall McLuhan; in turn students could bring their first-hand knowledge of practices in the field to their reading of social theory. Most faculty members had experience in education, social work, or community organizing and were responsible for classroom instruction and field guidance.
By mid-1970 the college was suffering growing pains, and both faculty members and students were complaining about their workload. External rumblings from the student movement and the black power movement were echoed at College meetings and workshops. When an African-American member of the administration was fired for mismanagement of funds in August 1970, the College for Human Services became one of 450 campuses to go on strike that year. After nearly three weeks of picketing on the street in front of the building, a group of about 20 students and faculty members took over Audrey Cohen’s office, demanding that she be replaced by a person of color. Cohen stayed calm during the episode, even when, according to a "New York Times" article reporting on the event, one student called her a “blue-eyed devil.”
At a meeting with the faculty and students the next day, the administration agreed to some of the protesters’ demands, including their demands for more transparency in the administration’s operations, and classes resumed. For the next two years, however, the inadequacies of the two-year program became more apparent. Cohen saw that with the increasing professionalization of the city’s social service agencies, the College needed to become a fully accredited four-year institution.
Again taking a bold and controversial step, Cohen proceeded with the support of her Board of Trustees to dismiss most of the faculty, close down all but the few classes that were needed by the second-year students to graduate, and set up a small task force to engage in a restructuring process that would last for nearly a year. The task force included graduates from Princeton and Harvard, well-known community activists such as Ruth Messinger (who later ran for Mayor of New York), and a project dean from the National Training Laboratories who had a background in curriculum design.
After months of meetings, the group came up with a unique curricular grid that has remained the model for all subsequent programs at the College. The curricular grid or matrix consisted of eight semesters, each of which focused on a specific “competency” crucial to human service practitioners. The sequence of competencies (later termed “Purposes”) was intersected by the rows of five multidisciplinary “Dimensions” common to each semester’s learning. To provide both coherence and a means of assessing field performance each semester, the model also included what Cohen called a “Constructive Action,” a project undertaken in the field that relates to that semester’s purpose and which, when documented, includes reference to the academic learning covered in all five dimension courses.
The originality of the college’s curricular model soon attracted the attention of educators nation-wide. In 1976 the matrix was adapted by Lincoln University in Pennsylvania, where it remains today as the conceptual framework for a Masters in Human Services program. In the late 1970s the College for Human Service was the focus of an in-depth study by Gerald Grant and David Riesman that was published in "Perpetual Dream: Reform and Experiment in the American College" and in "On Competence: A Critical Analysis of Competency-Based Reforms in Higher Education".
Over the next two decades the college that Cohen founded continued to grow, and she herself became renowned for her educational vision and leadership. By 1979, the CHS had become a tuition-charging institution and was offering bachelor’s degrees in the human services. In 1983, CHS initiated a business degree program, and in 1988 it began offering a master’s program in public administration. Also in 1983, the college’s Purpose-Centered model began to be adapted for elementary and secondary education in several schools around the country. In 1992 the College was renamed Audrey Cohen College after its founder.
Audrey Cohen College.
Up until her death in 1996, Cohen actively promoted the college’s visibility and expansion. As a college president she gave numerous speeches at venues ranging from Tufts University, Ramapo College, Bryn Mawr, the University of Iowa, City College, Newport College and UCLA, to the U.S. House of Representatives. She was also a member of a number of professional organizations, including the American Association of Higher Education, the National Vocational Guidance Association, and the National Organization for Women, and she was a member of numerous Boards of Directors. In her later life she became an alumna of the President/Owner Management Program at the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration.
Cohen’s written output included 11 articles or chapters authored or co-authored during the college’s early years. Perhaps the best known of these was “The Citizen as the Integrating Agent: Productivity in the Human Services” that was published in the Human Service Monograph Series and continues to be assigned in courses at the College today. Another important article was entitled “Human Service” and appeared as Chapter 27 in Arthur W. Chickering’s "The Modern American College: Responding to the New Realities of Diverse Students and a Changing Society".
In recognition of her educational work Cohen received numerous honors and awards. She was the only woman invited to serve on the Newman Committee that was funded by the Ford Foundation and sponsored by the U.S. Department of Health, Education, and Welfare to study the problems of higher education in the early 1970s. Awards over the years included the Mina Shaughnessy Scholarship Award from the United States Office of Education, the Outstanding Leadership in Higher Education Award from the Committee of Independent Colleges and Universities, the President’s Award from the National Organization of Human Service Educators, and a doctorate of humane letters from the University of New England.
By the mid-1990s Audrey Cohen College had moved into new space at the corner of Varick and Canal Streets, was being advertised in subway stations and on TV, and had grown to over 1,000 students. But by then it also became clear that Cohen’s health was in decline. She was diagnosed with ovarian cancer, and despite chemotherapy treatments and transfusions, she died in March, 1996. “Ms. Cohen was a powerhouse of energy when scorning the rigidity and failures of the contemporary educational system and proposing how to reform it,” the New York Times obituary stated. Cohen had two daughters, Winifred Alisa Cohen and Dawn Jennifer Cohen Margolin, by her first marriage, to Mark Cohen. She was survived by them and her second husband, Dr. Ralph Wharton, a psychiatrist in private practice in New York City.
Legacy.
Cohen’s close associate Alida Mesrop succeeded her as College president starting in the mid-1990s, and Mesrop provided strong leadership as the College continued to grow. In 1999, Stephen A. Greenwald was appointed president, and in 2002 the name of the College was changed to Metropolitan College of New York (MCNY). In 2008 Dr. Vinton Thompson became its president.
Today MCNY includes undergraduate and graduate programs in human services, business, urban studies, and education. Together the programs graduate over 400 students a year, most of whom are adult women of color and recent immigrants, many of whom are the first in their families to graduate from college. Among the College’s several recent achievements are the accreditation of its masters in education program by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE), accreditation of its business programs by the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP), and recognition for the College’s contributions to “community service” by President Obama’s Higher Education Honor Roll.
Before her death Ms. Cohen had intended to write a book about her educational aims that would be entitled "To Build a Better World". Although she did not live long enough to complete that book, the aim of improving the world through constructive actions in community settings remains an ongoing curricular goal at the college that she founded.

</doc>
<doc id="5922773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922773" title="Victor Callahan">
Victor Callahan

Victor Callahan (born July 4, 1963, in Independence, Missouri) was a Democratic member of the Missouri Senate, representing the 11th District 2003-January 2013.
In 1988, Victor Callahan was elected to the city council of Independence, Missouri, and continued to serve in that capacity until 1992. He then went on to serve as a legislative assistant to State Senator Ronnie DePasco. In November, 1994, Callahan was elected to represent the 1st District At-Large in the Jackson County, Missouri Legislature. At the end of September, 1996, he was elected by fellow legislators as Chairman of the Legislature, a position he held until January, 2003. Upon the death of Senator DePasco in late May 2003 Callahan ran for the then-vacant seat and was elected in a special election in November 2003, winning re-election in a regular election in November, 2004. 
In 2006 and 2007, Callahan spearheaded a move to annex seven schools from the Kansas City, Missouri School District into the Independence School District. Voters in both districts approved the measure in a special election on November 6, 2007, the schools in question were formally annexed on July 1, 2008 and re-opened as Independence schools on August 18, 2008.
The success of the measure boosted Senator Callahan's popularity in Jackson County, Missouri, also raising his profile in the statewide political arena, and he was unanimously elected as Floor Leader of Missouri State Senate Democrats, in a vote on November 6, 2008, two days after he was re-elected in general elections.
Senator Callahan served on the following committees:

</doc>
<doc id="5922774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922774" title="Antonio Guayre">
Antonio Guayre

Antonio Guayre Betancor Perdomo, known as Guayre (born 23 April 1980), is a Spanish retired footballer. Comfortable in various offensive positions – mainly winger – his professional career was constantly hindered by injuries, and he played mainly for Villarreal after beginning with Las Palmas.
Over the course of eight seasons, Guayre amassed La Liga totals of 184 games and 26 goals.
Club career.
Guayre was born in Las Palmas. After emerging through hometown UD Las Palmas's ranks he made his La Liga debut on 14 October 2000 in a 2–1 home win against Málaga CF, and would contribute greatly to the club's escape from relegation, only missing seven league games.
After that sole season, Guayre went on to represent Villarreal CF (where he would become an important offensive figure in the team's domestic and European consolidation, although never an automatic first-choice) and Celta de Vigo. Whilst with the former, he scored one goal in each of the side's UEFA Intertoto Cup victorious campaigns.
After two injury-ravaged seasons with Celta Guayre returned to the top division, joining CD Numancia in August 2008. Again troubled by injuries, he played his first game for the Sorians on 11 January 2009, appearing from the bench in a 2–0 home success over Getafe CF and being released from contract at the end of the season.
In July 2009 Guayre returned to his first professional club, reuniting with the coach who gave him his top flight debut, Sergije Krešić, and players Jorge Larena – another youth product of Las Palmas – and Josico. In his first year he continued to be constantly bothered with physical problems, appearing in less than one 1/2 of the matches; the Canary Islands side also finished in 17th position, just one point above the relegation zone.
Guayre returned to active in January 2013 after more than one year out of football, signing with Segunda División team CD Lugo after a two-month trial. He retired for good in the summer, aged 33.
International career.
On 9 February 2005 Guayre earned his sole cap for Spain, playing 15 minutes in a 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifier 5–0 success against San Marino, in Almería.

</doc>
<doc id="5922795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922795" title="Leo Burnett Building">
Leo Burnett Building

The Leo Burnett Building, located on 35 West Wacker Drive at North Dearborn Street in the Chicago Loop, is a 50 story, 635 foot (193 m) tall skyscraper above the Chicago River's west bank. When built in 1989, it was the 12th tallest structure in Chicago. It was designed by Kevin Roche-John Dinkeloo and Associates and Shaw & Associates. It is a postmodern design made with granite, masonry, glass, steel and concrete. The windows are divided by stainless steel bars, which is typical of "Chicago windows."
Tenants.
It houses advertising agency Leo Burnett Worldwide, owned by Publicis, from which it derives its name. The building is also home to the law firm of Winston and Strawn and the restaurant Catch 35. Media services agency Starcom Worldwide, also owned by Publicis, has its headquarters located in the building.

</doc>
<doc id="5922808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922808" title="Raja Abel">
Raja Abel

Raja Abel (born 9 November 1978 in Visakhapatnam), known by the name Raja, is a Telugu film actor. 
His films include "O Chinnadana" , "Meka Srikanth" , "Anand" (2004) "Aa Naluguru", "Vennela" (2005) and "Nee Sukhame Ne Koruthunna" (2008).
Raja has been involved in Christian evangelism events, including those of YS Jagan.
In the Indian elections of 2014, Raja has been canvassing in support of Jagan's YSR Congress Party. After Raja criticized actor/politician Pawan Kalyan, Kalyan's fans started a rumor on Twitter that Raja had died in a car accident. 

</doc>
<doc id="5922821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922821" title="Joseon white porcelain">
Joseon white porcelain

Joseon white porcelain or Joseon baekja refers to the white porcelains produced during the Joseon dynasty (1392-1910).
History.
White porcelains were preferred and praised than any other porcelains during the time to represent Korean Confucian ethics such as frugality and pragmatism. In overall, Joseon ceramics undergone numerous transformations during the five hundred year period and is generally divided into three major periods; the early, the middle, and the late period. Although the chronology of Joseon ceramics differs between scholars, three major events affected kiln production; the outcome of the Imjin wars, the establishment of "Bunwon" (hangul: 분원; hanja: 分院), government-subsidized kilns at Bunwon-ri, Gwangju near Seoul in 1751, and the privatization of Bunwon in 1884. Joseon white porcelains are characterized by the beauty of unpretentious forms, understated decoration, and subtle use of color, reflecting the ideals of Korean Confucian state.

</doc>
<doc id="5922833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922833" title="Avon Cobourne">
Avon Cobourne

Avon Cobourne (born March 6, 1979) is an American professional Canadian football running back who is currently a running back coach for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He was a running back for West Virginia University from (1999–2002) before entering the NFL.
Cobourne became the Montreal Alouettes's starting running back in 2008, in which he finished the season with 1,557 all-purpose yards and was named a CFL East Division All-Star. He followed this up with an outstanding 2009 season where he rushed for 1,214 yards and 13 touchdowns, culminating in CFL All-Star recognition and being named the MVP of the 2009 Grey Cup.
High school years.
Cobourne attended Holy Cross High School in Delran, New Jersey, and was a letterman in football. In football, he rushed for 1,400 yards and 32 touchdowns as a junior.
College career.
Freshman season.
Cobourne entered WVU right after Amos Zereoue, the star running back from 1996 to 1998, left early for the NFL. He immediately started the 1999 season. As a freshman, Cobourne ranked 13th in the NCAA in rushing with 1,139 yards first in the Big East, and was the leading freshman rusher in the nation. Cobourne also made 1st-team all-Big East and broke Zereoue's freshman rushing yardage record at West Virginia. Cobourne rushed for 142 yards in only three quarters against Miami (Ohio) and 141 yards against Rutgers. His best performances of the season though came against Virginia Tech, whose defense was ranked #1 in the nation against the run, when he ran for 133 yards; and against Pitt, when he rushed for a then Mountaineer Field record of 210 yards, which was the best single-game performance for a WVU freshman.
Sophomore season.
As a sophomore in 2000, Cobourne was "Athlon" magazine's third running back in the nation in the preseason. Cobourne again finished in the top 20 in the nation in rushing and earned second-team all-Big East honors. Cobourne only totaled 1,028 yards with 6 TDs that season, both lower than his freshman output, but he was plagued by injuries during the season. He rushed for 132 yards and a TD against Boston College, 166 yards against Syracuse, and then 117 yards against Rutgers before leaving the game with an irritated hip joint. His best performance was in coach Don Nehlen's final game as the Mountaineers' coach against Ole Miss in the Music City Bowl when he rushed for 125 yards in the win.
Junior season.
Cobourne was a pre-season second-team all-Big East selection. He finished the season 14th in the nation rushing with a career-high 1,298 yards and 9 TDs. The season was his third consecutive of gaining over 1,000 yards. Cobourne was also named team MVP and was the only player to rush for over 100 yards against the national champions, the Miami Hurricanes (132). Cobourne started the season out with a 173 yard performance against Ohio, followed by a 181 yard performance against Kent State. He then rushed for 128 yards against Maryland; totaled four TDs in two quarters against Rutgers along with 147 yards; and rushed for 169 yards against Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana, highlighted with a career-long 60 yard run. He then finished the season with four consecutive 100-yard games. He earned second-team all-Big East honors.
Senior season.
Going into Cobourne's senior season, he was a candidate for the 2002 Heisman Trophy Race. Although Cobourne did not win the award, he set a school record of most rushing yards in a season with 1,710 yards. The record was broken in the Mountaineers' 2006 season by Steve Slaton, who some fans consider is greater than both Cobourne and Zereoue only as a junior. Cobourne also set a career-high scores with 17 TDs. He rushed for 260 yards and 2 TDs in a win against ECU early in the season, and then rushed for 175 yards and a score in a loss to Miami. His 260 yards against the Pirates was a career-high.
Legacy.
He ended his career with the all-time Big East Conference and WVU rushing record with 5,164 rushing yards, breaking Zereoue's previous record. In all of his four seasons, Cobourne rushed for over 1,000 yards, including his redshirt-freshman season.
Cobourne, Amos Zereoue, and Steve Slaton are often considered the greatest backs in school history. Although Slaton did not surpass Cobourne's career rushing record, he did break numerous school records and achieved greater national attention than Zereoue or Cobourne. Zereoue is often considered the greatest back, due to breaking the school rushing record in only three seasons, rather than the four it took for Cobourne to break Zereoue's mark.
Professional career.
National Football League.
Cobourne was signed by the Detroit Lions in 2003 after being undrafted. He played in seven games, recording seven carries for 27 yards, returning seven kickoffs for 123 yards, and catching four passes for 30 yards. In 2004, Cobourne was moved to the Lions practice squad.
During the 2004 season, Cobourne was allocated to the Cologne Centurions of NFL Europe. He recorded 525 yards on 117 carries in Europe.
Cobourne signed with the Miami Dolphins for the 2005 NFL season, but never played.
Canadian Football League.
2006 season.
Cobourne then left the National Football League for the Canadian Football League's Montreal Alouettes. Through Cobourne's first season, he totaled 21 yards on seven attempts and punt return 3 fumbles. He also totaled 14 yards on two catches and led the team on special teams tackles with 21. Cobourne also had the league's longest missed field goal return at 95 yards.
2007 season.
In his second year for the Alouettes, 2007, Cobourne played backup to Jarrett Payton, the son of NFL legend Walter Payton. While also playing linebacker, Cobourne became one of the league's most feared returners during an exhibition game against the Toronto Argonauts. With five seconds left before halftime, and the score 11-7 Toronto, Cobourne returned a missed field goal for a 111-yard touchdown to make the score 14-11 Montreal at halftime. The play was featured on ESPN's "SportsCenter" as the "Teamwork Play of the Week". However, shortly after, Cobourne suffered an ankle injury that took him out for one game. The next game after the injury, he rushed for 33 yards on seven attempts while backing up former college rival Payton (who played at Miami; versus Cobourne's WVU). Cobourne finished third on the team in special teams tackles and rushed for 160 yards and 2 touchdowns on the season. After the 2007 season, Cobourne signed an extension with the Alouettes in January 2008.
2008 season.
In 2008, after an injury to starting running back Jarrett Payton during the preseason, Cobourne inherited the starting job for the first game of the season against the Hamilton Tiger Cats. Cobourne rushed for 107 yards and 1 TD on 12 attempts and caught 6 passes for 55 yards. Week 2 against Winnipeg, Cobourne rushed for 89 yards and 1 TD on 17 carries and caught 10 passes for 96 yards. After these 2 performances, the Alouettes decided to name Cobourne the starter for the rest of the season and cut Jarrett Payton. In the following game against Calgary, he rushed for 23 yards on 5 carries and had 66 yards from 5 receptions. In the following loss to Saskatchewan, Cobourne rushed 4 times for 6 yards and had 7 receptions for 83 yards and a touchdown.
Cobourne then rushed for 127 yards on 14 carries and had two receptions for 14 yards in a loss to B.C. However, as Montreal defeated Hamilton, Cobourne rushed for 119 yards and a touchdown on 17 carries and had 4 receptions for 21 yards. He then led Montreal past Winnipeg with 21 carries for 137 yards and a touchdown and 25 yards off of 7 receptions. As Montreal then defeated Toronto, Cobounre posted his fourth-straight 100-yard rushing game with a 107-yard performance off of 16 carries. He also led the team with 5 receptions for 103 yards and a touchdown, totaling 210 yards of offense.
Montreal then defeated B.C., as Cobourne rushed 16 times for 100 yards and a touchdown - his fifth consecutive 100-yard rushing performance. Cobourne missed the following games against Toronto, Calgary, and Edmonton with an injury. However, he continued his 100-yard rushing streak within the Saskatchewan game, rushing 17 times for 125 yards and a touchdown. Cobourne's 100-yard rushing game streak ended at six consecutive games, as he only rushed for 10 yards off of 6 carries against Hamilton, but did have 10 receptions for 83 yards. Cobourne had no carries in the following game against Hamilton, but had 3 receptions for 29 yards.
Cobourne missed the following Toronto victory, the 24-23 Winnipeg loss, and the loss to Edmonton. However, Cobourne was active for the Grey Cup Playoff Finals matchup.
The first half of the season saw Cobourne leading the league in rushing with 715 yards and, when combined with his 463 yards receiving, put him on a record pace to become the first player in league history to register 1,000 yards rushing and receiving in the same season. However, due to injury, Cobourne finished the regular season with 145 carries for 950 yards with six touchdowns and 64 receptions for 607 yards for two touchdowns. Cobourne was named an East Division All-Star at running back while his rushing yards was third in the CFL, his receiving yards were 24th in the CFL, and his 1,557 yards from scrimmage was third in the CFL.
2009 season.
Cobourne opened up his second season as the full-time starting back for Montreal with a 19 carry, 107 yard performance with a touchdown against Calgary. Then against Edmonton, Cobourne rushed for 65 yards and a touchdown on 10 carries. Then against the Saskatchewan Roughriders, Cobourne produced a career-high 146 rushing yards and two touchdowns on 25 carries. In the next four games, Cobourne totaled 216 yards rushing with 3 TDs and 146 receiving yards. In the next game against Saskatchewan, Cobourne rushed for 101 yards on 19 carries and 20 receiving yards and a touchdown. Against the BC Lions in the next game, he totaled 122 total yards of offense. In the final game of September against Hamilton, Cobourne rushed for a career-high 193 yards and two touchdowns with 46 yards receiving.
2011 season.
On February 16, 2011 Avon Cobourne signed as a free agent with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He started 17 regular season games at running back as well as two playoff games for the Tiger-Cats. He was released by Hamilton on February 1, 2012 after the team had signed Martell Mallett.
2012 season.
After Martell Mallett suffered a torn achilles tendon, the Tiger-Cats elected to re-sign Cobourne for the 2012 season. Cobourne would go on to be named a CFL East Division All-Star for the third time of his career.
2013 season.
On February 16, 2013 Cobourne was released by the Tiger-Cats.
Awards.
He won the Most Valuable Player award in the 97th Grey Cup when the Montreal Alouettes defeated the Saskatchewan Roughriders 28-27 on November 29, 2009.
Pre-Game Enterprises.
Cobourne has a degree in marketing from West Virginia University. In the off-season, he is a businessman, operating and acting as president of Pre-Game Enterprises, a sporting goods company based out of Charleston, West Virginia. For now, the company is selling T-shirts, caps, and mouthpieces with Cobourne's signature slogan, Chill Son, in the shape of a football. During the season, the company is run by his wife, Rebecca.

</doc>
<doc id="5922850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922850" title="One More Try">
One More Try

One More Try may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5922852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922852" title="Holly Lane SSSI">
Holly Lane SSSI

Holly Lane SSSI () is a 0.5 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Walton St. Mary, North Somerset, notified in 1990.
This Geological Conservation Review site shows deep subaerial sands and breccias burying a fossil cliff, shoreplatform,
wave-cut notch and cave. The sands are of Pleistocene age and thought to be aeolian (windblown) coversands. They contain recycled foraminifera (eroded from older rocks) and open-ground terrestrial mollusca. Fossils of mammalian fauna include horse, bear, wolf, fox and several rodent species.

</doc>
<doc id="5922855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922855" title="Ichenhausen">
Ichenhausen

Ichenhausen is a town in the district of Günzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Günz, 9 km south of Günzburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5922880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922880" title="David Klindt">
David Klindt

David Klindt (born June 9, 1950, in Bethany, Missouri) is a former Republican politician from the state of Missouri. 
He graduated from South Harrison High School in 1968. He is an active farmer and current Vice President of the Association of Missouri Electric Cooperatives.
He was first elected to the Missouri House of Representatives in a special election in 1997, winning reelection in 1998 and 2000. He was elected to the Missouri State Senate, first in a special election in 2001, and again in 2002. 
He was elected the Republican Majority Whip and served as chair of the Commerce, Energy, and the Environment Committee. He also served on the Administration Committee, and the Agriculture, Conservation, Parks, and Natural Resources Committee.
David Klindt has two sons, Ryan and Randy (each from Bethany, MO), and one daughter, Ronda Riekhof (from St. Joseph, MO). He has eight grandchildren: Ashton Klindt, Landan Klindt, Caleb Riekhof, Gabe Riekhof, Hannah Riekhof, Nolan Klindt, Jared Klindt, and Ainsley Klindt.

</doc>
<doc id="5922889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922889" title="Texas State Highway 102">
Texas State Highway 102

State Highway 102 or SH 102 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT). The highway begins at the New Mexico state line near Sedan, New Mexico as a continuation of New Mexico State Road 421 ending at U.S. Route 87 near Dalhart. SH 102 is located in southwestern and south central Dallam County and does not pass through any cities or towns. The highway was first designated in 1948 as a Farm to Market Road before eventually being upgraded to its current highway designation.
History.
SH 102 was originally designated over a route from Taylor via Lexington to Caldwell in Williamson, Milam, Lee, and Burleson counties sometime between 1922 and 1926. That former route was truncated to a highway between Taylor and Lexington at another point between 1928 and 1933. The former route was renamed in 1944.
Route description.
SH 102 begins where NM 421, an route approaching from between Clayton, New Mexico and Amistad, New Mexico, crosses the state line near Sedan. SH 102 intersects to Texline just east of the state line. The highway has a short concurrency with before terminating at US 87 northwest of Dalhart.
The rural highway passes through no cities or towns and intersects no major highways between its termini. SH 102 travels in a straight line for almost its entire length encountering only flat High Plains terrain.

</doc>
<doc id="5922902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922902" title="Emborough Quarries">
Emborough Quarries

Emborough Quarries () is a 1 hectare (2.5 acre) geological Site of Special Scientific Interest at Emborough in the Mendip Hills, Somerset, notified in 1971.
The disused quarry has yielded a wide variety of remains of vertebrate fossils, amongst which the early reptiles are particularly well represented. Of special note is Kuehneosaurus latus which is one of the earliest-known flying vertebrates. During the Triassic period of geological time, some 230 million years ago, the limestones now exposed on Mendip formed upland areas upon which a number of large rivers rose. Solution cavities were soon created in the land surface and material from the surrounding area was swept into the newly formed cave systems. Remains of the creatures living in the upland areas during this time were swept into these deposits and have now been exhumed by recent quarrying activities. Fresh material is brought to the surface with every rock fall and Emborough Quarries are a nationally important source of fossil vertebrate remains for research and study.
This former Mendip quarry site, probably owned by Emborough Stone Co., a branch of Roads Reconstruction, Ltd., where iron ore was once mined is now home to an assembly of contractor's plant (possibly of Richard Wood (Engineering) Ltd), cranes, narrow gauge railway equipment and machine tools. It is the location of a Somerset and Dorset Railway seven arch viaduct.
See also.
The site was owned by Emborough Stone Co which was later bought by Roads Reconstruction Ltd. The rock quarried was carboniferous mountain limestone which was used for construction and railway ballast. There are 2 main quarries and several trial quarries. The site was previously used by the Emborough Brick Co for making clay bricks.

</doc>
<doc id="5922937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922937" title="Beatles for Sale (EP)">
Beatles for Sale (EP)

Beatles for Sale is an EP released 6 April 1965 by the Beatles. The EP was only released in mono. Its catalogue number is Parlophone GEP 8931. It was also released in Australia and India.
It entered the EP chart on 10 April and reached the top spot on 24 April. It remained there for five weeks, and spent another week at number one from 12 June.
"Beatles for Sale" was the group's eighth official EP. As with previous releases, it featured sleeve notes by the group's publicist Tony Barrow. The LP record "Beatles for Sale" was issued in December, 1964. In the weeks before Christmas copies passed over the disc-store counters at such a remarkable rate that "Beatles for Sale" became one of the world's fastest-selling albums.

</doc>
<doc id="5922939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922939" title="Dempster (CTA Purple Line station)">
Dempster (CTA Purple Line station)

Dempster is a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's 'L' system, on the Purple Line at 1316 Sherman Avenue in Evanston, Illinois (directional coordinates 1300 north, 800 west).
The current station has been in place since 1910. The station, after being one of the many stations proposed to be shut down during a 1991 CTA budget crisis, but the CTA decided to keep the station open, is now one of the stations on the CTA's 2004-2008 Capital Improvement Plan.
Bus connections.
CTA

</doc>
<doc id="5922940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922940" title="China Hands">
China Hands

The term China Hand originally referred to 19th-century merchants in the treaty ports of China, but came to be used for anyone with expert knowledge of the language, culture, and people of China. In 1940s America, the term "China Hands" came to refer to a group of American diplomats, journalists, and soldiers who were known for their knowledge of China and influence on American policy before, during, and after World War II.
In China now, "Zhongguo tong" 中國通 () refers to a foreigner who shows a familiarity with, or affinity for, Chinese language and culture. 
The China Hands.
The China Hands during World War II were Foreign Service Officers of the United States Department of State, most of whom had experience in China, some of them going back to the 1920s. Since the general expectation was that the war would continue for perhaps another two years and that the invasion of Japan would be based in China, General Joseph Stilwell determined that American interest required liaison with the considerable military force of the communists. At his behest, the Dixie Mission was sent to Yan'an in July 1944. Colonel David Barrett and John S. Service reported favorably on the strength and capabilities of the Chinese Communist Party compared with the Chinese Nationalists. Many China Hands argued that it would be in American national interest to work with the communists if, as many China experts correctly expected, they gained power. Theodore White, correspondent for "Time" magazine was among the many journalists who visited Yan'an and described the effectiveness of communist political mobilization. This view was opposed by the new U.S. Ambassador to China Patrick Hurley. Hurley, a Republican recruited by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to promote a bipartisan China policy, initially felt there was no more difference between the Chinese communists and Nationalists than between the Democrats and Republicans in his home state of Oklahoma, but wanted to form a coalition government led by Chiang Kai-shek. He accused Foreign Service Officers such as Service, Davies, and John Emmerson of disloyalty and had them removed from China.
After the sudden surrender of Japan in 1945 and the onset of the Cold War, the Communists and the Nationalists locked in a Civil War. The China Hand view was propounded by Harvard professor John Fairbank in his "The United States and China" (1948) and in the bestselling book "Thunder Out of China", published in 1946 by Theodore White and Annalee Jacobee. They hoped that American policy could encourage Chinese nationalism and prevent alignment with Soviet communism. Patrick Hurley testified to Congress that the China Hands had subverted his mission and General Albert Wedemeyer blamed the State Department for failing to act. When the Chinese Communists declared victory in 1949, an immediate outcry by anti-communists asked "Who lost China?" John T. Flynn, Louis F. Budenz, Freda Utley, none of whom had any professional expertise in Chinese history or politics, were among the many who charged that China Hands had undermined Chiang Kai-shek, misled the American public and lost China either through naive ignorance of the true nature of Marxism or even allegiance to the Soviet Union. John Service, they pointed out, had admitted that before he went to Yan'an he had not read the basic texts of Marxism, and the other China Hands were no better informed. Senator Joe McCarthy expanded these accusations to include Owen Lattimore, who had served as personal adviser to Chiang at the beginning of the war. These charges were developed in a series of congressional hearings, including those into the Institute of Pacific Relations. Foreign Service Officers O. Edmund Clubb, John Paton Davies, Jr., John Emmerson, John S. Service, and John Carter Vincent were forced out of the Foreign Service, while journalists such as Edgar Snow and Theodore White could not continue their careers in magazine journalism.
Not until the opening of relations between the People's Republic of China and the United States under the initiative of President Richard M. Nixon in the 1970s did public opinion change towards the China Hands. Notable was the invitation to the surviving China Hands to testify to the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations in 1971. The Chairman, Senator J. William Fulbright, remarked to John Paton Davies on how the China Hands who had "reported honestly about conditions were so persecuted because were honest. This is a strange thing to occur in what is called a civilized country." John Service, reflecting on the low level of understanding of China in the American public at the time, joked that the loss of China had been blamed on "three Johns": John Service, John Fairbank, and "John" Kai-shek." A significant historical vindication of the China Hands' view comes from that belief that it was under the presidency of Dwight Eisenhower's staunchly anti-communist vice president, Richard Nixon, that the China Hands' position gained its vindication, and the China Hands their own.
See also.
Laowai

</doc>
<doc id="5922963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922963" title="Beatles for Sale (No. 2)">
Beatles for Sale (No. 2)

Beatles for Sale (No 2) is an EP released by the Beatles on 4 June 1965. The EP was only released in mono. Its catalogue number is Parlophone GEP 8938. It was also released in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5922966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922966" title="Rafford">
Rafford

Rafford (Scottish Gaelic: "Ràthard") is a village in Moray, Scotland. It is approximately 2.5 miles south-west of the town of Forres, and 5.5 miles north-east of the village of Dallas.

</doc>
<doc id="5922973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922973" title="Plouguernével">
Plouguernével

Plouguernével () is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Historically it is cited for intervening in the Révolte des Bonnets Rouges (Red Caps revolt) of 1675.
The name "Plouguernével" is typically Breton, "ploe" meaning "parish", "kêr" meaning "village" and "nevez" meaning "new". The name changed from "Ploekerneguell", which still can be seen on road signs.
The commune of Plouguernével consists of the following villages: le Bot-Col, Kervalentou, Kermap-Jeffray, la Croix, Kerdelaïde, Kervert, le Bigodou, Restrote, Berzoc'h, Quinquis-Futen, Quinquis-Gesten, Bodillo-Bras, Saintenant, Kerbert, Kermarec, Kerloscouarn, Kerjacob, Questel, Restuet, Stang-Bouet, Locmaria, Kerallain, etc.
Population.
Inhabitants of Plouguernével are called "plouguistes" in French.

</doc>
<doc id="5923010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923010" title="Victor Pițurcă">
Victor Pițurcă

Victor Piţurcă (; born 8 May 1956 in Orodel, Dolj County) is a Romanian former football player and current manager of the Romanian national team.
Club career.
Piţurcă was one of the prolific strikers of Steaua Bucureşti, being one of the team's top scorers – he scored 137 goals in 174 league games. During their European Cup winning season, Piţurcă scored five goals in nine games, including one of the fastest goals ever scored in an official football game – the goal scored in the 36th second of the game against Budapest Honvéd.
He joined Universitatea Craiova as a youth in 1970, aged 14, and four years later he was loaned to Dinamo Slatina, a club from Romania's Liga II, in order to gain more experience, before being called back to Craiova in 1975, making his debut for the team in November that year.
As he was not used much by Universitatea, Piţurcă left the club in 1977 to join Pandurii Târgu Jiu and then FC Drobeta Turnu-Severin, from where he was signed by FC Olt, thus returning to play in Liga I.
In 1983 he was requested by Steaua, helping the club to reach its highest peak in European football.
Piţurcă won with Steaua the European Cup in 1986, the European Supercup in 1987, and was semifinalist in the same competition losing to Benfica in 1988. During the 1988-89 season the team reached again the European Cup final, but loses to Milan. As for domestic performances, Piţurcă won the championship with Steaua Bucureşti five times and the Romanian Cup four times.
At the end of the 1987–88 season he was the top scorer of Liga I and won UEFA's Bronze Boot.
A very funny moment happened in 1989 during the European Cup semifinal played by Steaua Bucureşti against Galatasaray in İzmir when the Turkish side's goalkeeper relieved the ball hitting Piţurcă's back and from there the ball went straight into the goal. However, the goal was not validated because the referee did not see what happened.
On 25 March 2008 he was awarded the Ordinul "Meritul Sportiv" medal — (The Order "The Merit for Sports Achievement") class II by the president of Romania, Traian Băsescu for his part in winning the of 1986 European Cup Final.
International career.
Despite being a prolific striker, Piţurcă only won 13 caps for Romania, scoring six times.
Career as coach.
After playing for Racing Club de Lens during the 1989–90 season, Piţurcă called it a day and retired from professional football to take over as coach. His first appointment was with Steaua Bucureşti in 1991, followed by another one with Universitatea Craiova in 1994, finishing second in the championship at the end of 1994–95 season.
In 1996 he was named coach of the Romania Under 21 side, leading the team to its best performances ever, including a qualification to the Under 21 European Championship in 1998, hosted by Romania.
In 1998 he was appointed as Romania's manager and qualified the team to the 2000 European Football Championship. However, despite finishing the qualification group undefetead, Piţurcă was sacked before even taking his squad to the Euro 2000. The reason was an argument he had had with Romania's best players, Gheorghe Hagi and Gheorghe Popescu, both managed by Ioan Becali. Becali was Piţurcă's worst enemy because Piţurcă did not want to promote the players he managed to the national team, but he was great friends with Romanian Football Federation president Mircea Sandu.
In December 1999 he took over as manager of Steaua Bucureşti, winning the championship in 2001, but resigned in 2004 after an argument with the club's chairman, Gigi Becali, who wanted to sack a player whom Piţurcă wanted to keep on the team.
In December 2004 he was appointed manager of Romania for the second time. At first Romania did well under his coaching, defeating several important European teams both in friendlies (Germany, Spain) and official matches (Czech Republic in Group 1 of the 2006 FIFA World Cup Qualification and the Netherlands in Group G of the UEFA 2008 Qualifying Round).
After topping their qualifying group (and thus qualifying for their first international tournament in 8 years), Romania was drawn in Group C at UEFA Euro 2008, alongside the Netherlands, Italy and France. At the time of the draw, these countries' respective Elo rankings among European teams were 1st, 2nd, 4th and 8th, and as such the group has been dubbed the competition's "group of death". After drawing their first two games against the finalists of the previous World Cup (0–0 against France, 1–1 against Italy), Romania lost 0–2 to the Netherlands, finishing the group in third place and thus being eliminated from the competition.
After Euro 2008, Romania showed an increasingly poor form in both friendly games and the 2010 World Cup qualifying campaign, where they had an almost unprecedented slow start. In their first two official games after Euro 2008, Romania lost 0–3 against Lithuania at home and four days later secured a difficult 1–0 victory against the Faeroe Islands. Although many of the players which helped Romania qualify for the Euro 2008 missed these two matches, this was not accepted as a reasonable excuse for the extremely poor results by the Romanian media and public opinion. The next official match, against France, was considered decisive for Romania's qualification chances. Despite managing only a 2–2 tie, the team's performance was generally deemed satisfactory, and Piţurcă was offered one last chance to remain coach of the national team: to win both of the next two games in the qualifying group, against Serbia and Austria, within a four day timespan. Romania eventually lost both matches (2–3 on 28 March 2009 against Serbia at home, 1–2 on 1 April against Austria away).
Considering Romania's extremely poor performances in 2008 and 2009, the Romanian Football Federation released Victor Piţurcă from his job from the Romania national team on 9 April 2009. A few weeks later, Răzvan Lucescu was appointed as his successor.
In 2010, he had two short spells as manager at Steaua Bucureşti and Universitatea Craiova.
On 14 June 2011, he returned for a third spell in charge of the Romanian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="5923012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923012" title="The Beatles' Million Sellers">
The Beatles' Million Sellers

"The Beatles' Million Sellers" was an EP by the Beatles, released 6 December 1965. The EP was only released in mono with the catalogue number Parlophone GEP 8946. It was also released in New Zealand. The EP consists of songs released by the Beatles, that sold over 1 million copies each, the highest being "She Loves You", which sold 1.89 million copies.
Background.
"The Beatles' Million Sellers" is the tenth EP released by the Beatle. The EP includes four songs, all released in 1963 & 1964. Two songs not included are "A Hard Day's Night" and "Day Tripper", the last one released shortly after the EP was released. The combined sales of all four singles combined, is over 27 million copies sold worldwide, as of 2007. These songs all rank in the top 30 UK Million-Selling Singles They were listed as No.'s 8,14,20, and 28 (in the order of the track listing). The EP itself was No. 1 for 4 weeks in 1966, two weeks in February, then two separate weeks in March.

</doc>
<doc id="5923013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923013" title="Mathias Shryock">
Mathias Shryock

Mathias or Matthias Shryock (born near Frederick, Maryland, 1774 – died in Lexington, Kentucky, 1833) was an early American architect and building contractor.
Life and career.
Shryock was born in Maryland, where he married in 1798, but moved to Kentucky, eventually settling in Lexington. He built his family's home on the site of what is now Transylvania University.
In 1814, Shryock designed the first Episcopal church in Lexington, and later designed the home of Mary Todd Lincoln on West Main Street, among many other homes in Lexington.
He was the father of two other American architects: Gideon (1802 – 1880) and Cincinnatus (1816 – 1888), both of whom were born in Lexington and achieved fame in their own right, particularly within Kentucky.
According to one Kentucky Department of Highways plaque, the "est known surname in Kentucky architecture is Shryock." In all, Mathias Shryock fathered a total of ten children.
Shryock died of cholera and is buried in Lexington, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="5923016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923016" title="Traces">
Traces

Traces may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923029" title="Jane Poynter">
Jane Poynter

British-born Jane Poynter is a Biosphere 2 crewmember, author, TV host and company president.
Current business ventures.
Paragon SDC.
Poynter is currently President and Chairwoman of Paragon Space Development Corporation, which develops technologies for extreme environments (like outer space and under water). While inside Biosphere 2, she co-founded the firm with fellow biospherian, Taber MacCallum, whom she later married and several aerospace engineers. For four consecutive years, the firm has been named on Inc 500’s list of fastest growing companies, and in 2009 the National Association for Female Executives awarded Jane its Entrepreneur of the Year award. Jane has had experiments in her patented self-sustaining habitats flown on the International Space Station, the Russian Mir Space Station, and the U.S. Space Shuttle.
Inspiration Mars.
Poynter is the developer of the crew and life-support systems 
for the Inspiration Mars free-return mission to Mars planned for launch in January 2018. The two person spaceflight mission was originally to be a private, nonprofit venture 
of 501 days duration which will allow a small human-carrying spacecraft to use the smallest possible amount of fuel to get it to Mars and back to Earth. However, this plan proved unworkable without significant funding and assistance from NASA.
The life support system is critical. "If anything goes wrong, the spacecraft should make its own way back to Earth — but with no possibility of any short-cuts home."
Former ventures.
Biosphere 2.
Poynter was one of eight people who agreed to live in a sealed artificial world for two years. Involved in Biosphere 2 from the start, she managed the design and operations of the farming section where the crew grew its food source.
Other work.
Jane also worked with the World Bank on projects to mitigate global climate change and grow crops in drought-stricken Africa and Central America. She is President of Blue Marble Institute, a 501(c)(3) non profit dedicated to leadership in science, sustainability and exploration. She serves on the City of Tucson's Climate Change Committee. Her second book, "Champions for Change: Athletes Making A World of Difference" is now a middle school program.
She has appeared on television and radio shows, and has been interviewed for magazine and newspaper articles about Biosphere 2 and her work in space and the environment. She has been an invited speaker at events hosted by groups such as the United Nations Environment Programme, the US Environmental Protection Agency, TEDx, National Space Symposium, NASA, MIT, and Microsoft.

</doc>
<doc id="5923032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923032" title="Juan Hohberg">
Juan Hohberg

Juan Eduardo Hohberg (19 June 1926 - 30 April 1996) was an Argentine-born Uruguayan football player and coach.
Club career.
Hohberg started his playing career in 1946 with Central Córdoba before joining Rosario Central in 1947.
In 1948 Hohberg moved to Uruguay to join Peñarol where he would play until 1959. Peñarol won six league titles during his time with the club.
Towards the end of his playing career he had spells with Racing Club de Montevideo and Cúcuta Deportivo in Colombia.
International career.
Hohberg scored three goals as a forward for the Uruguay national football team in the 1954 FIFA World Cup in Switzerland, including two in one of the most exciting World Cup matches ever played, the semi-final with Hungary. His second goal in the 86th minute of that match sent the game into extra time, where Hungary finally prevailed 4-2 after two goals by Sándor Kocsis.
Coaching career.
Hohberg was Uruguay's coach at the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico, leading them to a fourth-place finish.
In Peru, he coached Universitario de Deportes winning the Peruvian championship in 1974, and Alianza Lima where won the title in 1977 and 1978. Also, was trainer of Deportivo Municipal.

</doc>
<doc id="5923040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923040" title="Stari Mikanovci">
Stari Mikanovci

Stari Mikanovci is a village in Croatia, located in the eastern part of the large Croatian historic and geographic region of Slavonia, situated in the westernmost part of the smaller Croatian historic and geographic region of Srijem.
Geography.
Geographic coordinates of Stari Mikanovci:
+45° 17' 8.43" (or 45.285674), +18° 33' 28.83" (or 18.558009).
Stari Mikanovci is a middle-size Slavonian village with specific rur-urban physiognomy. Village physio-morphologic features are characteristic for the geo-historic region of Srijem (so called "ušorena sela") and other parts of lowland Croatia such as Turopolje, Posavina, Podravina and Međimurje.
Village name Stari Mikanovci literally means "Old" Mikanovci, while Novi Mikanovci means "New" Mikanovci.
Administrative organisation.
Stari Mikanovci is part of the Vukovarsko-srijemska županija (Vukovar-Syrmia County) located on the western part of the county and borders with Osječko-baranjska županija. The Municipality of Stari Mikanovci consists of two settlements: Stari Mikanovci and Novi Mikanovci. The Municipaliy centers are the municipal council office and the municipal mayor office which are located within Stari Mikanovci.
History.
The village was a fief of the Order of St. John between the 13th and 15th century, and after that owned by the noble families Horvat and Gorjanski during the Ottoman wars in the region. After the Turks were pushed back, Mikanovci was owned by the Diocese of Đakovo and the village of Novi Mikanovci was built by the administration of the Military Frontier. The parish church of St. Claire in Stari Mikanovci is dated 1810 and the church of St. Bartholomew in Novi Mikanovci is from the early 13th century, it also was once at the cemetery of the old Mikanovci.

</doc>
<doc id="5923043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923043" title="Trevor Ross">
Trevor Ross

Trevor William Ross (born 16 January 1957 in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Arsenal, Everton, Portsmouth, Sheffield United and Bury, and in the Greek First Division for AEK Athens.
Ross started his career at Arsenal, joining in 1972 as an apprentice and turning professional in 1974. He made his first-team debut as a substitute against Liverpool on 1 February 1975, and was a regular in the latter half of the 1975–76 and throughout the 1976–77 seasons. He was ousted from the side by David Price at the start of the 1977–78 season, and moved to Everton in November 1977. He played 67 games in all for Arsenal, scoring 9 goals.
Ross made his Everton debut on 5 November 1977 in a 1–0 defeat of Derby County; he went on to play 120 matches scoring 16 goals for the Toffees, before being sent out on loan, first to Portsmouth, then to Sheffield United, in the 1982–83 season. After a spell in the Greek First Division with AEK Athens, he returned briefly to Sheffield United, and saw out his Football League career with three seasons at Bury.
He then moved into non-league football, first a short spell with Hyde United before Tommy Docherty signed him for Altrincham. He was manager of Ashton United for the 1989–90 season until dismissed three months into the next season.
After leaving football, Ross worked as an HGV driver. In 2007, he worked as a transport supervisor, and in his spare time coached youngsters at Oldham Sports Centre.
Ross's father, Willie, was also a footballer who played for Arbroath and Bradford City in the 1940s and 1950s. Ross could claim Scottish ancestry through his father, and was capped once by Scotland at under-21 level, despite having played for his native England at youth level.
References.
Willie Ross, Trevor's Father, also Played for Portadown, in the Irish League. Willie Married a young Lady, née Lavery, from Portadown, so Trevor could also have claimed to be Qualified, through his Mother, to play for N. Ireland!
This Information was given to me by his Uncle Thomas "Gowser" Lavery, who still resides in Portadown.

</doc>
<doc id="5923049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923049" title="BeaverTails">
BeaverTails

BeaverTails and Queues de Castor are a Canadian-based chain of pastry stands operated by BeaverTails Canada Inc. The chain's namesake product is a line of fried dough pastries, individually hand stretched to resemble a beaver’s tail. The chain originated in Killaloe, Ontario in 1978 and opened its first permanent store in Ottawa two years later. It now has franchises and licenses in three countries: Canada (the Maritimes, Newfoundland and Labrador, Ontario, Alberta, British Columbia and Quebec, where the franchise is called "Queues de Castor"), the United States (Keystone, Breckenridge and Horseshoe in Colorado) and Saudi Arabia.
The BeaverTails pastry is similar to several other fried dough pastries and is topped with a choice of sweet condiments and confections, such as whipped cream, banana slices, crumbled oreos, and Nutella. BeaverTails Canada Inc. through franchising currently operates 33 stores and 43 BeaverTails and Queues de Castor stands worldwide.
"BeaverTails" and "Queues de Castor" have been registered as trademarks since 1988 by BeaverTails Canada Inc. and its affiliated companies.
Company history.
BeaverTails pastries began when Grant and Pam Hooker decided to turn their family recipe for fried dough into a corporate business. They sold their first pastries at the Killaloe Craft and Community Fair in 1978. Two years later, the Hookers opened up the first BeaverTails stand in the Byward Market in Ottawa.
President Obama.
The product received national media attention in the US and Canada when it was served at the Canadian embassy during Obama's inauguration and was mentioned in newscasts during the lead-up to U.S. President Barack Obama's visit to Ottawa, as an example of how Canadian businesses were participating in Obama's visit. On the day of the visit, February 19, 2009, Barack Obama stopped at the ByWard Market on his way to the airport specifically to buy a BeaverTails pastry. One variation of the product was called the "Obama Tail", specifically in honour of the president's visit to Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="5923051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923051" title="International Velvet (film)">
International Velvet (film)

International Velvet is a 1978 dramatic film. It was a sequel to the 1944 classic, "National Velvet". The film stars Tatum O'Neal, Christopher Plummer, Anthony Hopkins and Nanette Newman. The film received mixed reviews.
Plot.
The film follows the story of an Arizona girl, Sarah Brown, who is orphaned when her parents are killed in a car crash. She is sent to England to live with her aunt Velvet Brown and Uncle John. When Velvet was a similar age to Sarah, she and her horse, The Pie, entered the legendary Grand National horse race and won; however, she was instantly disqualified due to falling from the horse after the race before reaching the enclosure. The Pie is ultimately put out to stud upon his retirement. He sires his last foal after Sarah's arrival in England. Sarah and Velvet are present for the birth of this foal and Sarah eventually decides that she'd like to purchase him. She later finds out that her Aunt Velvet has bought him for her. Sarah aptly names him "Arizona Pie" (combining the name of his sire and the state in which Sarah lived). She shows enough talent to be selected for the British Olympic team, where she is the junior, but she does well under the stern guidance of Captain Johnson. Sarah lives up to her dream and enters the Olympic Three Day Event helping Great Britain win the team competition. She falls in love with an American competitor and moves back to America with him. At the conclusion of the film she gives her Olympic gold medal to her Aunt Velvet. Sarah introduces her fiance by saying: "Scott, I would like you to meet my parents".
International Velvet was partly filmed at Birmingham University, England

</doc>
<doc id="5923060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923060" title="Yesterday (EP)">
Yesterday (EP)

Yesterday is an EP by the Beatles released on 4 March 1966 by Parlophone in the UK (catalogue number GEP 8948). It was also released in Portugal and Spain. All four of the tracks also appeared on the "Help!" album.
In the United States, however, none of the tracks appeared on the American "Help!" soundtrack. Instead, "You Like Me Too Much" appears on "Beatles VI", "It's Only Love" appears on the US version of "Rubber Soul," and "Yesterday," and "Act Naturally" appear on ""Yesterday" ...and Today". "Yesterday" and "Act Naturally" were also released as a single in the United States in September 1965.
The Beatles' 11th EP was released in mono only, and the cover photograph was taken by Robert Whitaker. Each Beatle took lead vocal on a song - McCartney on "Yesterday", Starr on "Act Naturally", Harrison on "You Like Me Too Much" and Lennon on "It's Only Love".
"Yesterday" entered the UK EP chart on 12 March 1966, and from 26 March spent six weeks at number one. In all it remained on the hit parade for 13 weeks. The EP's release happened to coincide with the first publication of John Lennon's comments that the Beatles were "More popular than Jesus".

</doc>
<doc id="5923071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923071" title="Most common words in Esperanto">
Most common words in Esperanto

200 most frequently used words in Esperanto.
<br style="clear: both">

</doc>
<doc id="5923073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923073" title="List of accolades received by House">
List of accolades received by House

"House" is an American television medical drama that originally ran on the Fox network for eight seasons, from November 16, 2004 to May 21, 2012. The show centers around Dr. Gregory House (Hugh Laurie), a drug-addicted, unconventional, misanthropic medical genius who leads a team of diagnosticians at the fictional hospital in New Jersey. Throughout its run, the show has been widely popular with audiences, and has been well received by the critics community.
As a result, by the end of its run, the show had been nominated 169 times for awards presented by American organizations, including at least ten times each for the Primetime Emmy Awards, Teen Choice Awards, People's Choice Awards, NAACP Image Awards, and Prism Awards. It won the awards a total of 56 times, which included multiple wins also at the Golden Globe Awards, Young Artist Awards, BMI Film & TV Awards, Satellite Awards, Golden Reel Awards, TCA Awards, Screen Actors Guild Awards, Humanitas Prizes, and WGA Awards.
The show has been very successful internationally also, being aired in 2008 in a total of 66 countries, and with audience of over 81.8 million worldwide, it was the most watched television show on the globe that year. As a result, it received ten nominations for international awards, including once for a BAFTA TV Award (U.K.) and for a Golden Nymph (won, Monaco).
Hugh Laurie, who portrays the title character, has been nominated for an award 38 times, winning 14 of them. Omar Epps has been nominated eight times, winning three awards, while Olivia Wilde has been nominated five times for an award. Besides the show's cast members, the writers and producers of the show have also been nominated for various awards; writer, show-runner, executive producer and director David Shore, has received ten nominations for his work on the show, winning three times.
Emmy Awards.
The Emmy Awards have been awarded annually since 1949 by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences to honor excellence in television. They are considered to be one of the four major awards—together with the Academy Awards (film), Tony Awards (theatre) and Grammy Awards (music). "House" has been nominated for Primetime Emmy Awards, which are given to honor excellence in acting and writing in primetime television, as well as Creative Arts Emmys, which are presented in recognition of technical and other related areas in American television programming.
After its first season run in 2005, "House" received five Emmy Award nominations, of which three were for Creative Arts Emmys. It failed to gain a nomination for Outstanding Drama Series but did, however, win the award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series. The show did get nominated for Outstanding Drama Series in 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009, but did not manage to win the award in either of these four nominations. In 2006 "House" was nominated for four Emmys, but failed to win. Next year, the show received four nominations, and won a Creative Arts Emmy for make-up. The following year, at the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards, the show, again, received four nominations but only received one Primetime Emmy Award, for director Greg Yaitanes for Outstanding Directing in a Drama Series. "House" received another three nominations in 2009 and in 2010, and two more nominations in 2011. However, it only won two Creative Arts Emmy Awards for sound mixing in 2009 and 2011, and failed to win any nominations altogether in 2012 for its final season.
Hugh Laurie, who portrays the title character has been nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series for every season except the second and the last one. Despite the six nominations, Laurie has never won the award, which has been regarded by some critics in the entertainment industry as among the biggest snubs in the award's history.
BMI Film & TV Awards.
The BMI Film & TV Awards are presented annually by Broadcast Music Incorporated to the composers of music featured in successful films, TV series and programs. Three composers from "House", Robert Del Naja, Grant Marshall and Andrew Vowles, have received the award every year between 2005 and 2011.
Golden Globe Awards.
The Golden Globe Awards are awarded annually by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association "to honor the best achievements in film and television." "House" has been nominated for a total of nine. The show has won two Golden Globes, which were for Hugh Laurie in the Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Drama category in 2006 and 2007. Laurie has been nominated four more times between 2008 and 2011, while the series was also nominated in the category Best Drama Series in 2008, 2009, and 2010.
Golden Reel Awards.
The Golden Reel Awards are presented annually by the Motion Picture Sound Editors to sound editors. "House" has been nominated in various categories seven times, and has won three.
Humanitas Prizes.
The Humanitas Prizes are awarded each year for film and television writing intended to promote human dignity, meaning, and freedom. "House" has been nominated six times for the 60 Minute Teleplay category and has won once. In 2012, the show received the Goodbye with Love Humanitas Prize, being the first recipient of this new award honoring long-running series that have ended.
NAACP Image Awards.
The NAACP Image Awards are presented annually by the American National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to honor outstanding people of color in film, television, music, and literature. The show has received 12 nominations in total, including seven for Omar Epps in the "Outstanding Actor in a Drama Series" and the "Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series" categories.
People's Choice Awards.
The People's Choice Awards are voted by fans online to recognize the people and the work of popular culture. "House" has received 13 nominations, winning nine.
Prism Awards.
The PRISM Awards are awarded annually by the Entertainment Industries Council to honor artists for accurate portrayal of substance abuse, addiction and mental health in entertainment programming. "House" has been nominated ten times, winning in 2007 for "TV Drama Series Multi-Episode Storyline".
Satellite Awards.
The Satellite Awards are presented annually by the International Press Academy to the "best of the entertainment industry". "House" has won five awards, Including Best Drama series in 2005 and 2006.
Screen Actors Guild Awards.
The Screen Actors Guild (SAG) honors its members annually with awards for outstanding acting in film and television. "House" has been nominated for seven awards, six of which were for Hugh Laurie for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series, winning two of them.
Teen Choice Awards.
The Teen Choice Awards are voted on by teenagers online and honor the year's biggest achievements in television, film, music, sports and fashion. "House" has received 16 nominations, including four for Olivia Wilde, and three for Hugh Laurie. Laurie has won in 2007 for the Teen Choice Award for Choice TV Actor: Drama.
TCA Awards.
The TCA Awards are presented annually by the Television Critics Association for outstanding achievements in television. "House" has been nominated seven times, twice for Outstanding Achievement in Drama. Laurie has been nominated four times, winning twice in 2005 and 2006.
Writers Guild of America Awards.
The Writers Guild of America presents annual awards for outstanding achievements in film, television, and radio.
"House" has been nominated for four awards in the Episodic Drama category, winning in 2006 and in 2010.
Other U.S. awards.
"House" has been nominated for awards at various Guild and society ceremonies. Show creator David Shore also received an award from the Lupus Foundation of America, for raising awareness for Lupus, a disease mentioned frequently on the show. The American Film Institute selected the show as one of the best television programs of 2005. The same year, "House" received a Peabody Award for achievement in electronic media, and has been nominated for a Saturn Award; it also received two PGA Award nominations in 2006 and 2007.
International awards.
"House" has been nominated for awards at various festivals and society ceremonies outside of United States for the best foreign or international TV series. These include a British Academy Television Awards nomination in 2007, and winning the "Golden Nymph" award at Monte-Carlo Television Festival in 2009. The show has also received nominations from the German Goldene Kamera, and the Spanish "TP de Oro" and "Premios Ondas," while Martin Henderson has received a nomination by the Australian Film Institute for the International Award for the best actor for his appearance in the episode "Painless".

</doc>
<doc id="5923079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923079" title="Saturday (disambiguation)">
Saturday (disambiguation)

Saturday is a day of the week.
Saturday may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923083" title="Super Spike V'Ball/Nintendo World Cup">
Super Spike V'Ball/Nintendo World Cup

"Super Spike V'Ball/Nintendo World Cup" is a Nintendo Entertainment System multicart which combines two games:

</doc>
<doc id="5923084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923084" title="G banding">
G banding

G-banding, G banding, or Giemsa banding is a technique used in cytogenetics to produce a visible karyotype by staining condensed chromosomes. It is useful for identifying genetic diseases through the photographic representation of the entire chromosome complement. The metaphase chromosomes are treated with trypsin (to partially digest the chromosome) and stained with Giemsa stain. Heterochromatic regions, which tend to be rich with adenine and thymine (AT-rich) DNA and relatively gene-poor, stain more darkly in G-banding. In contrast, less condensed chromatin—which tends to be rich with guanine and cytosine (GC-rich) and more transcriptionally active—incorporates less Giemsa stain, and these regions appear as light bands in G-banding. The reverse of G‑bands is obtained in R‑banding. Banding can be used to identify chromosomal abnormalities, such as translocations, because there is a unique pattern of light and dark bands for each chromosome.
It is difficult to identify and group chromosomes based on simple staining because the uniform color of the structures makes it difficult to differentiate between the different chromosomes. Therefore, techniques like G‑banding were developed that made "bands" appear on the chromosomes. These bands were the same in appearance on the homologous chromosomes, thus, identification became easier and more accurate. The acid-saline-Giemsa protocol reveals G-bands.
Other types of cytogenetic banding are listed below: 

</doc>
<doc id="5923085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923085" title="Wherever You Go">
Wherever You Go

"Wherever You Go" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Clint Black. It was released in January 1995 as the second single from the album "One Emotion". It peaked at number 3 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and reached number 4 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart. The song was written Black and Hayden Nicholas.
Critical reception.
Mike Joyce of "The Washington Post" gave the song a positive review, saying that Black was "resourceful" for "convert the existential catch phrase 'wherever you go, you're there' into another fool-on-the-bar-stool blues."
Chart positions.
"Wherever You Go" debuted at number 69 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of December 31, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="5923095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923095" title="Nowhere Man (EP)">
Nowhere Man (EP)

The Beatles' Nowhere Man EP was released 8 July 1966. It included four songs from the British version of the album "Rubber Soul". The EP was only released in mono, with the catalogue number Parlophone GEP 8952.
In the United States, "Nowhere Man" and "Drive My Car" were on "Yesterday and Today", not on "Rubber Soul". "Nowhere Man" was also issued as a single in the US (with "What Goes On" as the B-side) in February 1966.
Track listing.
All songs written by Lennon–McCartney

</doc>
<doc id="5923127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923127" title="Tyler courthouse shooting">
Tyler courthouse shooting

The Tyler courthouse shooting refers to a February 24, 2005 shootout in which David Hernandez Arroyo, Sr. opened fire on his ex-wife and son in front of the Smith County Courthouse in Tyler, Texas, then engaged police and court officers in a shootout. Mirabel Estrada, his ex-wife, was killed at the scene, as was Mark Alan Wilson, a downtown resident who attempted to intervene. Arroyo was fatally shot by police after a high-speed pursuit where he repeatedly shot at officers. Two sheriff's deputies, a police officer, and Arroyo's son were wounded.
Details.
Shootout begins.
At the time of the shooting, Estrada and her 22-year-old son, David Hernandez Arroyo, Jr., were entering the courthouse for a hearing regarding her ex-husband's failure to pay child support after their 2004 divorce. Estrada's lawyer later stated that his client did not believe her ex-husband to be dangerous.
Arroyo, who had parked and lain in wait near the courthouse, approached his ex-wife and son on the steps outside the Smith County Courthouse and fired on them with an AK-47 assault rifle. Maribel Estrada was hit in the head and killed instantly, and Arroyo's son was hit in the leg and wounded. Both fell to the ground at the front courthouse steps.
Nearby law enforcement and law enforcement officers already present at the courthouse responded to the initial shots and began exchanging fire with Arroyo. At this point, the law enforcement officers were only armed with pistols, and Arroyo was able to wound several and force them to retreat.
Mark Alan Wilson.
A local resident, Mark Alan Wilson, was in his downtown loft when he heard the shooting begin. He looked out his window and saw Arroyo at the courthouse steps engaged in a shootout with law enforcement. Wilson, who held a Texas concealed handgun permit, immediately armed himself with his Colt .45 caliber pistol, and left his residence to intervene in the gun battle. Because Arroyo was already engaged in a heated gun battle with sheriff's deputies and Tyler police officers, he did not see Wilson approach from behind.
As Wilson approached Arroyo from behind, Arroyo was taking aim at his son whom he had already shot in the leg and wounded. Acting to defend the life of Arroyo's son, Wilson fired a round from approximately 50 feet, which struck Arroyo in the back, causing him to stumble and taking his attention away from his son. A witness who saw Wilson's round strike Arroyo reported seeing "white puffs of powder-like substance" come from Arroyo's clothing. This is believed to be the first time Arroyo was hit or injured during his attack on the courthouse.
Wilson was forced to take cover behind Arroyo's truck in a prone position and exchanged fire with Arroyo. As Arroyo began to approach Wilson's position, he stood up from behind cover and fired again, hitting Arroyo. Unknown to Wilson, Arroyo was wearing a bulletproof vest, rendering Wilson's shots ineffective. Arroyo eventually fired a shot that struck Wilson, who faltered and fell from the view of witnesses, face down behind Arroyo's truck. Arroyo then walked up to Wilson and fired three more shots at him, killing him.
Pursuit and Arroyo's death.
Officers from the Tyler Police Department, including Sergeant Rusty Jacks, a trained sniper armed with a Colt AR-15 rifle, soon arrived on the scene. After more than 116 rounds had been fired, Arroyo attempted to flee and a pursuit ensued. The pursuit continued from the city streets of Tyler to a nearby highway.
At the terminus of the pursuit, Arroyo fired at the vehicle of Deputy Sheriff John Smith who had pulled closely behind Arroyo's truck during the pursuit. After taking fire, Deputy Smith returned fire with his vehicle still in motion and used his patrol car to ram Arroyo's truck. Arroyo stopped his vehicle, exited it, and attempted to fire upon Smith, whose patrol car had essentially come to a stop on the passenger side of Arroyo's truck after ramming it. Smith sped away to avoid Arroyo's shots and gunfire from other law enforcement officers. With Arroyo now out of his vehicle, Sgt. Rusty Jacks fired five shots from his rifle, hitting Arroyo in the back of the head and killing him instantly as he attempted to get back into his vehicle.
Aftermath.
The Tyler Courthouse shooting was widely covered by national news organizations and video from the incident is readily accessible on the Internet. The incident became the subject of a number of chain e-mails and Web pages that highlighted the bravery of the law enforcement officers involved, lauding Mark Wilson for his attempt to intervene and the sacrifice he made in doing so. The incident demonstrated the importance of law enforcement having access to rifles when faced with heavily armed criminals and served as political fodder for parties from both sides of the "gun control" debate.
Mark Wilson has been widely credited as heroic for his selfless actions, which are believed to have caused Arroyo to cease his attack and flee the area without murdering his son. On March 31, 2005, the Texas House unanimously adopted resolution (HR. 740) to honor Wilson, and the Texas State Rifle Association honored Wilson by publishing an account of his actions. The incident also raised concerns about the implications of well-meaning citizens becoming involved in police activities.

</doc>
<doc id="5923145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923145" title="WVLR">
WVLR

WVLR is a Christian Television Network owned-and-operated television station serving Knoxville, Tennessee, broadcasting locally on digital channel 48, and seen on cable on Comcast channel 15. The station is licensed to Tazewell, with studios in Kodak. The station signed on October 6, 2002.
Digital television.
Because it was granted an original construction permit after the FCC finalized the DTV allotment plan on April 21, 1997 [http://www.transmitter.com/FCC97115/chanplan.html], the station did not receive a companion channel for a digital television station. Instead, at the end of the digital TV conversion, WVLR turned off its analog signal and turned on its digital signal (called a "flash-cut") since June 12, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5923148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923148" title="Stephan Martinière">
Stephan Martinière

Stephan Martinière (born May 3, 1962) is a French science fiction and fantasy artist, using his experience to morph from cartoonist to concept illustrator to art director.
Biography.
Stephan Martiniere was born May 3, 1962 in Paris, France. He attended high school at "Chambre De Commerce Les Gobelins", one of the most renowned art schools in Paris. After art school he attended animation school, but halfway through he was hired by DIC Entertainment and moved to Japan to work on "Inspector Gadget". 
After settling in California, Stephan continued as Animation Director for DIC Entertainment, and directed hundreds of episodes of "Where's Waldo" and "Dennis the Menace". His 5 half-hour musical specials for the show "Madeline" were nominated for an Emmy, and went on to win the Children's Hall of Fame "Humanitas", A.C.T., and the Parents' Choice Award. Stephan also drew the "Where's Waldo" Sunday syndicated strip for 1994-1997.
His animation work lead him to Hollywood, where he designed for feature films such as "Virus", "The Astronaut's Wife", "Red Planet", and "I, Robot".
Stephan has also contributed concept designs for theme park rides. His clients have included Universal Studios (Jurassic Park ride), Paramount (), Landmark and Rhythm & Hues.
He moved from Los Angeles, CA to Spokane, WA to work for Cyan, Inc. on from 2001–2004, and then moved to Chicago to work for Midway Games on Stranglehold from 2004-2007. He is currently employed by Cyan Worlds once again, assisting in the development of the upcoming video game, "Obduction".
Martinière has illustrated cards for the "" collectible card game.
As of 2008, Stephan Martiniere resides in Dallas, Texas and works at id Software on Rage.
Honors.
As a director for the animated special "Madeline," he won the Humanitas Award, the A.C.T Award and the Parent's Choice Award and was nominated for an Emmy Award.

</doc>
<doc id="5923150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923150" title="Alaine Laughton">
Alaine Laughton

Alaine Laughton (born September 21, 1978), known by her first name, is a Jamaican American reggae singer and songwriter. She was born in New Jersey, but moved to Jamaica at the age of three.
1998-2004.
In 1988, Alaine appeared in movie "Clara's Heart" alongside Whoopi Goldberg. Through the late 1990s and early 2000s, Alaine lived in the United States and did songwriting and singing back up for Rocafella artists such as Cam'ron and Freeway.
She moved back to Jamaica in the summer of 2004 to focus on her own music after working as an investment banker for JPMorgan Chase. Alaine later met with Craig "Serani" Marsh of DASECA, and started working with him. Their immediate chemistry provided Alaine with her first song on the radio within days of her arrival back to Jamaica.
2005-present.
In 2005 single "No Ordinary Love" on Don Corleon's Seasons Riddim (Sean Paul, T.O.K.) was a breakthrough single in the reggae scene, and Alaine was quickly praised for her special talents. The single is topping the charts in Jamaica and also charts in the UK. Her other singles "Deeper", "Chaka Chaka Love", "Heavenly", "Wine" and "Love Sound", a duet with Beres Hammond are also doing very well.
In 2005, Alaine performed at Reggae Sumfest 2005 in Montego Bay, Jamaica to positive reviews. She has been spreading the word about HIV and safe sex to high schools throughout Jamaica, and will be showcased as one of twenty artists in the movie "Made in Jamaica" which is being directed by Jerome Lapperrouzas.
Her debut album, titled "Sacrifice", was released in early 2008. Her new album, titled "Luv A Dub", was released in Japan in August 2009.
Her newest track is "You Are Me", a song dedicated to Alaine's mother.
Discography.
Studio Albums.
Release on August 6, 2009, on "Koyashi Haikyu Records"
Personal life.
Alaine's parents are Jamaicans of African, British and Taino descent. She resides in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="5923151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923151" title="Remote field testing">
Remote field testing

Remote field testing (RFT) is an electromagnetic method of nondestructive testing whose main application is finding defects in steel pipes and tubes. RFT may also referred to as RFEC (remote field eddy current) or RFET (remote field electromagnetic technique). An RFT probe is moved down the inside of a pipe and is able to detect inside and outside defects with approximately equal sensitivity (although it can not discriminate between the two). Although RFT works in nonferromagnetic materials such as copper and brass, its sister technology eddy-current testing is preferred.
The basic RFT probe consists of an exciter coil (also known as a transmit or send coil) which sends a signal to the detector (or receive coil). The exciter coil is pumped with an AC current and emits a magnetic field. The field travels outwards from the exciter coil, through the pipe wall, and along the pipe. The detector is placed inside the pipe two to three pipe diameters away from the exciter and detects the magnetic field that has travelled back in from the outside of the pipe wall (for a total of two through-wall transits). In areas of metal loss, the field arrives at the detector with a faster travel time (greater phase) and greater signal strength (amplitude) due to the reduced path through the steel. Hence the dominant mechanism of RFT is through-transmission.
he for the analysts
The main differences between RFT and conventional eddy-current testing (ECT) is in the coil-to-coil spacing. The RFT probe has widely spaced coils to pick up the through-transmission field. The typical ECT probe has coils or coil sets that create a field and measure the response within a small area, close to the object being tested.

</doc>
<doc id="5923161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923161" title="Sir Wilfrid Laurier Public School">
Sir Wilfrid Laurier Public School

Sir Wilfrid Laurier Public School is located in Brampton, Ontario, just south of Rambler Drive on Bartley Bull Parkway, and was opened in 1967. It offers classes from Kindergarten up to Grade 5; students typically transfer to W.G. Davis Senior Public School for Grades 6, 7 and 8. It is named after Sir Wilfrid Laurier, a former Prime Minister of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5923172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923172" title="Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center">
Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center

Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center (CCHMC) is a 598-bed pediatric hospital located in Cincinnati, Ohio. It is ranked third among all Honor Roll hospitals in the 2013 U.S. News & World Report survey of best children's hospitals. It is home to the country's busiest pediatric emergency department, performs the second largest number of surgical procedures at a children's hospital in the nation, and is Southwest Ohio's only Level I pediatric trauma center. Cincinnati Children's receives the third-most NIH funds of any pediatric institution in the United States. The pediatric residency training program at Cincinnati Children's is among the largest in the world, training approximately 130 graduate physicians each year. Cincinnati Children's is home to a large neonatology department that oversees newborn nurseries at local hospitals and the medical center's own 59-bed Level IV Newborn Intensive Care Unit.
History.
In June 1883, a meeting of women from parish communities around Cincinnati established a mission to create a Diocesan Hospital for Children. On November 16, 1883, the "Hospital of the Protestant Episcopal Church" of the Diocese of Southern Ohio was incorporated.
The original articles of incorporation included the following statement: "This corporation is not created for profit, but will rely for its establishment and support on the voluntary gifts and contribution of the charitable and humane, and therefore is to have no capital stock."
The hospital opened in March 1884 in a rented home in Walnut Hills, a community north of downtown Cincinnati, at the corners of Park Avenue and Kemper Street (now Yale). This building provided for fifteen patients, and within eight months had admitted a total of 38 children. The only patients eligible for admission were aged 1–15, suffering from an acute or chronic disease (or convalescent from such), required medical or surgical treatment. The hospital provided free care, without regard to race, religion, creed or color. The only restriction was that no child with an infectious disease may be admitted. 
The small house was inadequate, with only three bedrooms, one small bathroom, and not enough hot water or heat. Generous contributors J. Josiah and Thomas J. Emery came to the rescue. They donated land in Mt. Auburn and built a three-story brick hospital. On November 23, 1887, all patients were transferred from the Walnut Hills location to the new hospital on Mason Street, near The Christ Hospital. 
Originally endowed with a fund of $3,506.48 in November 1884, the hospital's endowment had grown to over $85,000 by the turn of the 20th century. 
In 1904, a new three-story wing, connecting with the rear of the main building, was built. The addition cost over $20,000 at the time, and included provisions for a large play-room, a chapel and an isolation ward for children with contagious diseases. A new operating room was installed on the top floor of the main hospital at this time, and various other improvements increased the capacity of the hospital at this time to 90 beds.
The 1920s brought dramatic changes, under the visionary leadership of William Cooper Procter, president of the board of trustees, and Albert Graeme Mitchell, MD, chair of the Department of Pediatrics at the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine and physician-in-chief of The Children's Hospital. In 1926, the hospital moved to a new 200-bed facility near the College of Medicine and established an academic affiliation with the college. In 1928, William Cooper Procter donated $2.5 million to build and endow The Children's Hospital Research Foundation, which opened in 1931. The hospital entered the decade of the 1930s as an important center for pediatric patient care, education and research—as it continues to be today.
The hospital has been a significant player in a variety of historic medical breakthroughs, most prominently Dr. Albert Sabin's development of the polio vaccine, which went into use in the United States in 1960.
Facts and Figures.
The hospital served patients from 53 countries and 50 states in fiscal 2013. It recorded 1,161,009 patient encounters, 828,743 outpatient specialty visits, 127,367 Emergency Department visits, 78,905 outpatient primary care visits, 32,188 surgical procedures and 45,655 surgical hours. In fiscal 2013, Cincinnati Children's trained 213 clinical fellows, 158 research postdoctoral fellows, and 223 residents. Cincinnati Children's received more than $35 million in philanthropic gifts. Revenues in fiscal 2013 totaled $1.931 billion, including more than $157 million in research grants. Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center employed 13,852 people in fiscal 2013. The active medical staff totaled 1,493, including hospital-based faculty and community-based physicians.
Cincinnati Children's vision is "to be the leader in improving child health." For research, Cincinnati Children's receives the third highest awards to a pediatric institution from the National Institutes of Health and is recognized as one of the top three pediatric training institutions in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5923180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923180" title="Ono no Takamura">
Ono no Takamura

Life.
Takamura is a descendant of Ono no Imoko who served as Kenzuishi, and his father was Ono no Minemori. He is the grandfather of Ono no Michikaze, one of the . In 834 he was appointed to Kintōshi, but in 838 after a quarrel with the envoy, Fujiwara no Tsunetsugu, he gave up his professional duties pretending to be ill, and attracted the ire of retired Emperor Saga, who sent him to Oki Province. Within two years he regained the graces of the court and returned to the capital where he was promoted to "Sangi."
Takamura is the subject of a number of odd stories and legends. One of the most singular of these legends is the claim that every night he would climb down a well to hell and help in his . In Sataku, Kyoto, there is a grave said to belong to Takamura. Near that grave is a grave marked Murasaki Shikibu, with a legend that it was placed there by the devil himself as punishment for for which Murasaki Shikibu descended to hell.
In "Ujishūi Monogatari" there is the following story about Takamura to illustrate his wit. One day in the palace of Saga Tennō, someone erected a scroll with the writing "無善悪". No one in the palace was able to decipher its meaning. The emperor then ordered Takamura to read it, and he responded "," reading the character for as "Saga" to indicate Saga Tennō. The emperor was incensed at his audacity and proclaimed that because only Takamura was able to read the scroll, he must have been the one who put it up in the first place. Takamura however pleaded his innocence, saying that he was simply deciphering the meaning of the scroll. The emperor said, "Oh, so you can decipher any writing, can you?" and asked Takamura to read a row of twelve characters for : "子子子子子子子子子子子子". Takamura immediately responded: , using the variant readings "ne", "ko" and "shi/ji" for the character; this translates to "the young of , , and the young of , ." The emperor was amused by Takamura's wit and removed the accusation.
Takamura is the main character in the tale "Takamura Monogatari".
Descendants.
While people like Ono no Michikaze and Ono no Komachi are Takamura's direct descendants, he also had several spiritual descendants among the Samurai. In particular, several Samurai names such as , , , can be traced to Takamura.
Representative poems.
One of his poems is included in the "Ogura Hyakunin Isshu".
Takamura contributes six poems to the "Kokin Wakashū: #335, 407, 829, 845, 936, and 961.

</doc>
<doc id="5923185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923185" title="Indian fig">
Indian fig

Indian fig is a common name for several plants and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923191" title="Conventional wisdom (disambiguation)">
Conventional wisdom (disambiguation)

Conventional wisdom mey refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5923227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923227" title="Ontario College of Family Physicians">
Ontario College of Family Physicians

The Ontario College of Family Physicians is an organization in Ontario for family physicians. It is known for its review of the health effects of pesticides.
In 2004 researchers from the Ontario College of Family Physicians reviewed the epidemiological literature from 1992-2003 on health effects and concluded that "exposure to all the commonly used pesticides — phenoxyherbicides, organophosphates, carbamates, and pyrethrins — has shown positive associations with adverse health effects" Shortly after its release the review was criticized by the UK's Advisory on Pesticides Committee, which the authors responded to. In 2007 related reviews were published in separate articles on the cancer effects and the non-cancer effects.

</doc>
<doc id="5923232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923232" title="Crossing the Bridge">
Crossing the Bridge

Crossing the Bridge is a 1992 American drama film starring Josh Charles, Stephen Baldwin and Jason Gedrick.
Characters Mort Golden (Josh Charles), Tim Reese (Jason Gedrick) and Danny Morgan (Stephen Baldwin) are friends who embark on a dangerous drug-smuggling venture.
The film was created by Mike Binder and loosely based on Binders' friends during the late 1970s in the Detroit/Birmingham, MI area.
Much of the plot concerns the three friends driving into Canada as couriers in a drug deal. When returning to the United States at the Ambassador Bridge crossing between Windsor, Ontario and Detroit, the protagonists face possible capture by authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="5923246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923246" title="Gone">
Gone

Gone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923261" title="Necessary Noize">
Necessary Noize

Necessary Noize is a Kenyan hip hop group.
Origins and Original Members.
It was originally composed of female MC/singer Nazizi Hirji, singer Kevin Wyre and rapper Bamzigi, though Bamzigi later left due to personal and label disputes. The group was formed in October 2000 and released their self-titled debut album in 2000 under Audio Vault Studios (now Blu Zebra). This contained the hits "Clang Clang," and "La Di Da."
Growth.
They steadily grew in popularity and were later to release a second album "Necessary Noize II: Kenyan Gal, Kenyan Boy" in 2004 which included popular regional hits such as "Kenyan Gal, Kenyan Boy" and "Bless My Room" . Although mainly hip hop based, the group also does some reggae and R&B tracks. They are appreciated for their socially conscious lyrics that deal with issues affecting youth such as AIDS, drugs and politics.
Collaborations.
Together with Ugandan ragga musician Bebe Cool, they have released music under the name East Africa Bashment Crew. The group is nominated at the inaugural (2008) MTV Africa Music Awards. Necessary Noize has also collaborated with the Tanzanian hip hop group Gangwe Mobb with "Tunajirusha" hit. Guest on their debut album include Mizchif from Zimbabwe, Jerry Doobiez of K-South and Nyota Ndogo.
Nazizi and Wyre also have done solo productions, before and during the existence of the group.
Awards.
Won:
Nominated:

</doc>
<doc id="5923267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923267" title="Protein nitrogen unit">
Protein nitrogen unit

The protein nitrogen unit (PNU) measures the potency of the compounds used in allergy skin tests, and is equivalent to 0.01 microgram (µg) of phosphotungstic acid-precipitable protein nitrogen.
According to Russ Rowlett at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill,
Unfortunately, the potency measurements depend on the technique of measurement used, so results of one manufacturer are not comparable to those of another manufacturer. As a result, although PNU's are still used, they are being replaced by bioequivalent allergy units (BAU), which are measured by actual skin testing using reference preparations of standard potency.
Notes.
The end product of protein nitrogen in man is Urea

</doc>
<doc id="5923269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923269" title="CHC Helikopter Service">
CHC Helikopter Service

CHC Helikopter Service, previously CHC Norway, CHC Helikopter Service and Helikopter Service was the Norwegian division of CHC Helicopter Corporation. The airline was an independent company until 1999. It operates primarily to oil platforms on the Norwegian continental shelf in the North Sea and the Norwegian Sea, with crew change, infield shuttle and search and rescue operations. Though the global headquarters are in Richmond, B.C., Canada, the company has its main base at Stavanger Airport, Sola.
The company also operates out of the airports Bergen Airport, Flesland, Brønnøysund Airport, Brønnøy, Florø Airport and Kristiansund Airport, Kvernberget in addition to the oil installations Ekofisk, Oseberg, Statfjord and Heidrun. It also operated a public service obligation on the route Bodø-Værøy and the national rescue helicopter service for some years.
History.
The company started out operating under the name Scancopter-Service A/S in 1956, using various small helicopters. But in 1966 the first steps in the Norwegian oil exploration started, and the company acquired two Sikorsky S-61 helicopters and at the same time changed its name to Helikopter Service. By 1980 the company was operating 20 such helicopters. The airline had by then been acquired by Scandinavian Airlines and Fred. Olsen.
In 1982 the company started to renew its fleet, introducing the Eurocopter AS332 Super Puma and later the Eurocopter Super Puma 2. In 1993 it also started operating the Eurocopter Dauphin with possibilities for search and rescue purposes.
In 1996 the company changed its name to Helicopter Services Group and bought the British Bond Helicopters, its Australian subsidiary Lloyd Helicopters and later the South African Court Helicopters.
CHC Helicopter bought Helikopter Services Group in 1999 and in 2000 the company changed name to CHC Helikopter Service. In 2000 the company sold the subsidiaries Lufttransport to Norwegian Air Shuttle and Heliflyg to Osterman Helicopter.
On 2 April 2009 the name was again changed to CHC Norway.
On the 26 October 2010 the name was changed back to the current CHC Helikopter Service. “By using the name ‘CHC Helikopter Service’ we are recognizing the long tradition and proud history of a company that has been serving the Norwegian oil and gas industry for almost 60 years,” said Tilmann Gabriel, chairman of CHC Norway and president of CHC Helicopter’s European Operations in a company press release.

</doc>
<doc id="5923274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923274" title="Bernhard Eisel">
Bernhard Eisel

Bernhard Eisel (born 17 February 1981) is an Austrian professional road bicycling racer who currently rides for .
Career.
Born in Voitsberg, Eisel won his first race when he was 11 years old, since then he has won many races. When he was 17, he moved to Italy to race for the team Rinascita Ormelle, based in Treviso. After that he moved to Gli Amici Piave, the team of Moreno Argentin. In 2001 he joined the team and became a professional cyclist, from 2003 on he joined .
In 2007, Eisel changed to . Eisel enjoyed a successful first season with his main victory coming on Stage 2 of the Volta ao Algarve. Eisel established himself as the right-hand man of sprinter and team mate Mark Cavendish, protecting him throughout the flats and mountain stages and forming part of the HTC lead out train that saw Cavendish take many notable victories in the Tour de France and other races. Eisel also had opportunities to ride for himself, mainly in the classics. He won Paris–Bourges in 2008 and Gent–Wevelgem in 2010, and in 2011, Eisel recorded his best placing in a monument by finishing seventh in Paris–Roubaix.
Following the announcement that would fold at the end of 2011, Eisel joined Mark Cavendish in moving to . After Cavendish announced he would cut his three year deal with the team short to move to , Eisel announced he would stay with until the end of the 2015 season.
Career highlights.
Grand Tours overall classification results timeline.
WD – Withdrew

</doc>
<doc id="5923283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923283" title="Catch a Fire Tour">
Catch a Fire Tour

The Catch a Fire was a concert tour organised to support the album "Catch a Fire" by The Wailers (Bob Marley, Peter Tosh, Bunny Wailer).
The tour began at the Coleman Club in Nottingham, England, on April 27, 1973, as the first show in Peckham had been cancelled before, and ended with four shows at Max's Kansas City in New York City, in late July. In October they performed as an opening act for the Atlee Yeager Band and Sly and the Family Stone (who served as the headliners), in a figure skating hall in Las Vegas, New Mexico. The majority of the audience thought The Wailers, an American rock band, would perform, but they were surprised seeing a Jamaican band; Mark Paul, the drummer of the Atlee Yeager Band said that they looked like biblical figures from the Old Testament. Bunny Wailer refused to participate in the second tour leg in the United States and was replaced by Joe Higgs.
Setlist.
Unlike on later tours and although very little is publicly known yet about the concert setlist of the Catch a Fire Tour, the setlist greatly varied on almost every show. What can be said from the known recordings is that:

</doc>
<doc id="5923287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923287" title="Heralding – The Fireblade">
Heralding – The Fireblade

Heralding – The Fireblade is the fourth studio album by the German Viking metal band "Falkenbach". This record is made up of songs originally intended to be the band's debut album "Fireblade", which was shelved in 1995. For the 15-year anniversary of the band, the tracks were finally re-recorded (using the same session musicians as on "Ok nefna tysvar Ty") and released. The LP version limited to 1000 copies was released in 2006 by "No Colours Records" with the first 300 in transparent clear vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="5923293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923293" title="Ella Trout">
Ella Trout

Ella Trout (16 February 1896 – 16 June 1952) of Hallsands, Devon, England, helped rescue nine men from a sinking ship.
Ella was one of four sisters; the other being Patience, Clara and Edith. When their fisherman father, William, became sick, Patience and then Ella gave up school and operated his boat, providing the family's only source of income. William died in 1910, when the two fishing girls were 14 and 15 years old. Their cottage and the village were destroyed in January 1917 in a storm as result of the dredging of the shingle beach, years before, which protected the village beside the beach of Hallsands.
On 8 September 1917, Ella was out in a boat crab fishing with her 10-year-old cousin, William Trout, when they saw the SS Newholm struck by a naval mine, one mile south of Start Point. They along with William Stone, another fisherman in the vicinity, rowed to the scene and helped rescue nine men. Ella and William Trout rescued one sailor, but with the tide and the wind against them, they were unable to row back to shore. They, in turn, were towed back to safety by William Stone. In recognition of her bravery, she received the Order of the British Empire.
The sisters, with compensation for the destruction of their cottage at Hallsands and their own earnings, built Trout's Hotel on the cliff above the deserted village. The hotel was run successfully until 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="5923297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923297" title="The Wait (disambiguation)">
The Wait (disambiguation)

"The Wait" is an album by Zox released in 2006. The Wait may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923330" title="Jamie Winter">
Jamie Winter

Jamie Winter (born 4 August 1985, Dundee) is a Scottish former full-time professional footballer who currently plays for Broughty Athletic F.C..
Career.
He started his career with Leeds United, but failed to make an impact. He moved to Aberdeen at the end of 2005. He failed to make an impact, but scored a free kick against Celtic in a 3-1 defeat. He spent the second half of the 2005-06 season on loan to St. Johnstone.
Winter was told that he would be leaving Aberdeen at the end of the 2006-07 season. He signed for Chesterfield on 20 July 2007, until the end of June 2009.
As of the end of the 2008-09 season, Chesterfield chose not to renew Winter's contract and he became a free agent. He signed for Formartine United who play in the Scottish Highland Football League. His performances for. His contract was terminated by mutual consent during the 2009-10 season. 
On 7 August 2010, Winter signed for Dundee based junior club Broughty Athletic.
Winter signed for Montrose in 2011.
On 22 August 2013, Winter returned to junior club Broughty Athletic.

</doc>
<doc id="5923344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923344" title="The Music Scene (TV series)">
The Music Scene (TV series)

The Music Scene is a television series aired by ABC as part of its Fall 1969 lineup, in the Monday, 7:30 to 8:15 timeslot, primarily featuring rock and pop music. 
Overview.
The show had many hosts, with comedian David Steinberg the most frequently-appearing one (Lily Tomlin as well.) Many huge names of the era, including The Beatles, James Brown, Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, Three Dog Night, Tom Jones on the initial program and Janis Joplin, Bobby Sherman, The Miracles, Sly & the Family Stone, Isaac Hayes, Stevie Wonder, Bo Diddley and Mama Cass Elliot, (who co-hosted as well as performed) among many others, appearing on subsequent shows.
Existing promos initially used to sell this show to ABC affiliates featured the improvisational group The Committee, which featured actor Howard Hesseman (then using the name Don Sturdy), as well as the Rolling Stones. The promos implied that the Stones would be appearing with some regularity on the program. However by the time The Music Scene went on the air, the Committee was nowhere to be seen and the Stones never appeared on the show.
Surprisingly, despite the level of talent presented, this show did not fare well in Nielsen ratings. Advertisers of the era were more interested in shows achieving a "mass audience" than they were one whose audience was primarily younger people who were deemed as having less disposable income than the then-coveted middle aged, middle income viewers most network programming then targeted, and the program was cancelled mid-season. Two DVDs of highlights from the show have been released.
This program and the show that followed it, "The New People", are extremely rare examples of U.S. network television programming designed to run for 45 minutes. Indeed, the peculiar length of these programs may have been a key reason for their failure, not just in the ratings, but with advertisers as well; to many an advertiser, there was no such thing as a 45-minute show.

</doc>
<doc id="5923347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923347" title="Liberton High School">
Liberton High School

Liberton High School is a secondary school in Gilmerton, in the south of Edinburgh, Scotland. 2014-15 enrolment is 610 pupils.
On 1 April 2014 a 12 year old girl was killed when a wall collapsed in one of the school's physical education departments changing rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="5923358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923358" title="WYDC">
WYDC

WYDC is the Fox-affiliated television station for the Central and Western Twin Tiers of Southern Upstate New York and Northern Pennsylvania. Licensed to Corning, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 48 from a transmitter on Higman Hill in Corning. The station can also be seen on Time Warner Cable channel 13 and in high definition on digital channel 702. Owned by Vision Communications, WYDC is sister to low-powered MyNetworkTV affiliate WJKP-LD and the two outlets share studios on East Market Street in Downtown Corning. 
Syndicated programming on this station includes "Everybody Loves Raymond", "The Office", "Family Guy", and "Friends" among others. According to television listings, WYDC airs a two-hour weekday morning show (from 6:30 until 8:30) called "Twin Tiers Morning Update" and a ten minute update on weeknights known as "Big Fox News at 10". All weather forecasts are provided through an outsourcing agreement by WeatherVision of Jackson, Mississippi. The prime time update competes with a weeknight thirty minute newscast at 10 seen on WETM-DT2.
Digital television.
Analog-to-digital conversion.
WYDC shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 48, on June 12, 2009, the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal relocated from its pre-transition UHF channel 50 to its analog-era UHF channel 48.
Repeaters.
In addition to its main signal, WYDC can also be seen on five low-powered repeaters (three analog and two digital). W22ET-D currently exists as a construction permit and may not be on-the-air yet.

</doc>
<doc id="5923363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923363" title="ALICO Building">
ALICO Building

The ALICO Building is a 22-story office building in downtown Waco, Texas, United States, located on Austin and 5th Streets. It was built in 1910 by the architectural firm Sanguinet & Staats and associate architect Roy Lane, for the Amicable Life Insurance Company at a cost of $755,000. It was completed in only one year.
The building is today owned by the American-Amicable Life Insurance Company of Texas (a subsidiary of Industrial Alliance), and remains the tallest building in Waco by far. The acronym "ALICO" is spelled in red neon letters on the top floor, and can be seen for many miles.
The ALICO Building was one of the few downtown office buildings that survived the 1953 Waco tornado outbreak. It swayed several feet when the tornado hit it directly, but its steel frame structure allowed it to survive the winds.
ALICO stands for Amicable Life Insurance Company. This was the company that incorporated and contracted to have the building built back in 1910. In 1965, Amicable Life Insurance Company and American Life Insurance Company merged to become the American-Amicable Life Insurance Company.
Alico, the former international life insurance subsidiary of AIG that was sold to MetLife, based out of Wilmington, DE, with no US domestic business, is a different company.

</doc>
<doc id="5923379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923379" title="Ryegate">
Ryegate

Ryegate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923397" title="Pranas Končius">
Pranas Končius

Pranas Končius code name "Adomas" (born in 1911 in Bargaliai, Kretinga district) was the last anti-Soviet Lithuanian partisan killed in action. He was shot by MVD forces on July 6, 1965 (or according to other sources shot himself in order not to be captured on July 13). There still were remaining anti-Soviet partisans, who legalised themselves later or lived illegally for decades to come. 
Before World War II, Končius served in the Lithuanian Army. He also participated in the anti-Soviet June Uprising in 1941. In 2000 he was posthumously awarded the Cross of Vytis.

</doc>
<doc id="5923408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923408" title="The Well-Tempered Critic (Davies)">
The Well-Tempered Critic (Davies)

"The Well-Tempered Critic: One man's view of the theatre and letters in Canada" is a collection of essays by Canadian novelist and journalist Robertson Davies. The collection was edited by Judith Skelton Grant and published by McClelland and Stewart in 1981.
The collection deals with Canadian literature and theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="5923440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923440" title="Lanterne rouge">
Lanterne rouge

The Lanterne Rouge is the competitor in last place in a cycling race such as the Tour de France. The phrase comes from the French "Red Lantern" and refers to the red lantern hung on the caboose of a railway train, which conductors would look for in order to make sure none of the couplings had become disconnected.
Cultural uses.
In the Tour de France the rider who finishes last, rather than dropping out along the way, is accorded a distinction. Riders may compete to come last rather than just near the back. Often the rider who comes last is remembered, while those a few places ahead are forgotten, in other words, also rans. The revenue the last rider will generate from later appearance fees can be greater than had he finished second to last, although this was more true when riders still made much of their income from post-Tour criteriums.
In the 1979 Tour de France, Gerhard Schönbacher and Philippe Tesnière were on the last two spots in the general classification, less than one minute apart. Tesnière had already finished last in the 1978 Tour de France, so he was aware of the publicity associated with being the lanterne rouge.
In the 21st stage, a time trial, Tesnière therefore rode extra slow. The winner of the time trial, Bernard Hinault, took 1 hour, 8 minutes and 53 seconds to cover the 48.8 km, Schönbacher used 1 hour, 21 minutes and 52 seconds, while Tesniere rode it in 1 hour, 23 minutes and 32 seconds; both were slower than all other cyclists. Tesnière's time was more than 20% slower than Hinault's, which meant that he had missed the time cut, and was taken out of the race.
The Tour organisation did not like the attention that the lanterne rouge received, and for the 1980 Tour de France devised a rule to make it more difficult to finish last: between the 14th and the 20th stage, the rider last in the general classification was removed from the race. Still, Schönbacher managed to finish last in that race. Before the Tour, Schönbacher was promised by his sponsor that he would receive extra money when he would finish in last place. After the last stage of the Tour, his team leader Patrick Lefevre told Schönbacher that he would not get the money, and after a heated discussion, Schönbacher was fired.

</doc>
<doc id="5923441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923441" title="Karlovka">
Karlovka

Karlovka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923442" title="Larry Station">
Larry Station

Larry W. Station, Jr. (born December 5, 1963) was a college football player for the University of Iowa. Station, who played linebacker, is Iowa's leader in career tackles and was twice named as a consensus first team All-American. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2009.
Early years.
Larry Station was born and raised in Omaha, Nebraska, just across the river from Iowa. Station was a terrific high school athlete, where he attended Omaha Central High School. He received three varsity letters in football, track, and tennis. He was a two-time first team all-state football selection in high school and was named captain of his football team.
Station was twice named the captain of his high school track team, for which he competed in shot put and discus throw. He won the Nebraska state title in the shot put his junior and senior years and won the state title in discus his senior year. In Station's senior year in 1982, he led his high school to the state championship at the Nebraska state high school track meet. In that meet, he won the state title in the shot put by setting a state meet record which stood for 17 years.
In addition to being all-city and all-conference in both football and track, Station was a top tennis player in high school. At age 14, he was ranked third in singles and first in doubles in the state of Nebraska. Station was the Nebraska state juniors tennis champion while in high school. He was so adept at tennis that Iowa coach Hayden Fry offered to let him play on the Hawkeye tennis team, an offer Station declined.
College career.
Larry Station only started five football games at Iowa in 1982 as a true freshman, yet he led the team with 88 tackles. He was Iowa's defensive player of the game against Michigan and he had 15 tackles against Indiana on Homecoming. He helped Iowa lead the Big Ten in both rushing defense and total defense in 1982, and Station was a second team All-Big Ten selection.
As a sophomore in 1983, Larry Station led Iowa in tackles in seven games. He was Iowa's defensive player of the game against Purdue and Illinois and led Iowa with 138 tackles on the year. Station helped lead Iowa to a 9-3 record and a berth in the Gator Bowl. Station was selected as a consensus first team All-Big Ten linebacker and was a second team All-American.
In 1984, Station again led Iowa in tackles with 137 and recovered fumbles in three Big Ten games. He had 21 tackles against Minnesota and three sacks against Northwestern. He was selected as first team All-Big Ten for the second time and was a consensus first team All-American in 1984. Station was also Iowa's fourth academic All-American.
In Larry Station's senior season in 1985, he helped lead Iowa to its first outright Big Ten title in 27 years. He led Iowa in tackles for the fourth straight season with 129. He was selected as a co-captain and the co-MVP of the 1985 Hawkeyes. Station was a finalist for the Lombardi Award and the Butkus Award, and he was twice selected as Iowa's defensive player of the game in 1985. He was selected as a first team All-Big Ten player for the third consecutive year, and for the second consecutive year, Larry Station was a consensus first team All-American. He was also chosen as an academic All-American for the second straight year and won Iowa's Scholastic Achievement Award.
Station had 492 career tackles, the most in Hawkeye history, but he is best remembered for one: his game-saving tackle of running back Jamie Morris in Iowa's 1985 game against Michigan. The game was one of the most anticipated in school history, as Iowa was ranked #1 in the Associated Press poll, while Michigan was ranked #2. Michigan held a 10-9 lead with just minutes left on the clock at Kinnick Stadium, when the Wolverines faced third down and two yards for a first down. Station anticipated the handoff to Morris and reacted with lightning speed, dropping Morris for a two-yard loss. The Wolverines were forced to punt, and Iowa kicker Rob Houghtlin kicked a game-winning field goal as time expired to give Iowa a cherished 12-10 victory.
Retirement.
In his final game at Iowa, Station injured his back and was forced to leave early in the 1986 Rose Bowl against UCLA. Station never fully recovered from that injury, and he played just one year of professional football with the Pittsburgh Steelers before being forced into retirement from football.
Larry Station then obtained a master's degree in business administration from Washington University in St. Louis. He returned to Omaha, where he bought his family's grocery store, Bedford Market, and a number of rental properties he oversees. Station lives in Omaha with his three children.
Honors.
Not only does Larry Station hold the record for career tackles at Iowa, he is the only player to lead the Hawkeyes in tackles all four seasons. Iowa went 35-13-1 during his four years there, and he helped lead the Hawkeyes to four bowl games. Station is only the second Iowa player to twice be named a consensus first team All-American (Cal Jones is the other). Station was inducted into the Iowa Sports Hall of Fame in 2000. He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 2009.
In 1989, Iowa fans selected an all-time University of Iowa football team during the 100th anniversary celebration of Iowa football, and Larry Station was selected to the team as a linebacker. In 1999, "Sports Illustrated" selected Larry Station as the 38th greatest sports figure in history from the state of Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="5923448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923448" title="Gordon Tech High School">
Gordon Tech High School

Gordon Tech College Prep, formerly known as Gordon Technical High School, is a Roman Catholic high school located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is located on the north side of Chicago on Addison Street and California Avenue. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago. The school is named in honor of the Very Reverend Francis Gordon, an influential and high-ranking member of the Congregation of the Resurrection. The school will be renamed DePaul College Prep in the summer of 2014.
School history.
Gordon Tech was opened in 1952 at Division Street and Greenview Avenue. The school was built in the wake of the relocation of another high school run by the Congregation of the Resurrection, Archbishop Weber High School, which closed in 1999. The school was founded at the request of Cardinal Samuel Stritch, who envisioned a new type of Catholic high school, one that had both a college preparatory curriculum, and a technical curriculum. The school moved to its current campus in 1961. The school formally shortened its name to Gordon Tech in 1999. In 2001, the new school motto was adopted, replacing the old motto "Ad Viros Faciendos" (For the Making of Men). The school was an all–male school until 2002 when women were admitted.
The board of directors announced on March 12, 2014 that the names of the high school and its campus will be changed to DePaul College Prep and the Father Gordon Campus respectively as early as summer of that year. New namesake DePaul University has been an academic partner since 2012. The athletic mascot (Rams) and school colors (orange) will be retained.
Academics.
GT is a college preparatory high school. The school uses a block schedule where students meet for four 85-minute classes each day. While English and math classes are taught on alternating days for an entire year, other courses are taught on a semester basis, with some classes taught everyday for one semester, and other classes taught on alternating days for one semester.
Students are required to take four years of religious studies. The school offers a course on world religions which non–Catholics may take to replace any of the four required courses. Any student may choose to take it as an elective.
The school offers what it calls "The Fr. Francis Gordon Academy" (also called the "A.P. Academy"). The program is designed for advanced students, based upon entrance exam scores, a personal essay, and middle school grades. Students take honors classes for their first two years, and then take a combination of honors and AP courses their last two years. In addition, students must publicly present a multi-disciplinary thematic project during the spring semester of their sophomore year, and a similar final project during the spring semester of their senior year.
The Advanced Placement courses offered are: English Language, English Literature, Calculus (BC), Biology, Chemistry, U.S. History, and European History.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
The Gordon Tech Rams compete in two conferences. The men's teams compete in the Chicago Catholic League (CCL) while the women compete in the Girls Catholic Athletic Conference (GCAC). The school competes in state championship series sponsored by the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). The current school colors are orange and gray, though they were originally orange and blue.
The school sponsors interscholastic team for men and women in basketball, bowling, cross country, soccer, tennis, track & field, and volleyball. Men also compete in baseball, football, and wrestling, while women also compete in softball. The school also sponsors a non-competitive cheerleading squad. 
The following teams have placed in the top four of their respective state tournaments sponsored by the IHSA:
The school also claims two Chicago Prep Bowl championships in football (1982, '87).
The school used to support an interscholastic fencing team, and competed as a founding member of the Great Lakes High School Fencing Conference (which represents teams from Wisconsin, Illinois and Indiana). The team won the Midwest Boys' Title in 1981, '84, '85 and '88. The boys' fencing team won the Illinois state championship (IHSA) in 1977.
Archbishop Weber High School.
Like Gordon Tech, Archbishop Weber High School was administered by the Congregation of the Resurrection. It served Chicago’s Catholic community for over 100 years, but closed in 1999 due to low enrollment. The heritage of Weber is kept alive through Gordon Tech High School. Alumni records are held in Gordon Tech's Office of Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5923456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923456" title="Psychosis Safari">
Psychosis Safari

"Psychosis Safari" is a song by The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster, released as the third single from their debut album, "Hörse of the Dög". At the time this was the band's most popular single, reaching number 26 in the charts and was played regularly on music channels such as MTV Rocks (formerly MTV2 Europe) and Kerrang!. It was featured on the soundtrack for the video game, "Gran Turismo 4".
Video.
The video comprises the band riding over a road in their "Disaster Car", and is filmed in a "cartoony" style using red and black colours. It was directed by Edgar Wright, director of the TV series Spaced and the films Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz.
Sources.
Gran Turismo 4 Track Listing<br>
Link to Chart History

</doc>
<doc id="5923465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923465" title="Burnin' Tour">
Burnin' Tour

The Burnin' Tour was a concert tour organised to promote the album "Burnin"' by Bob Marley & The Wailers (Bob Marley, Peter Tosh, Joe Higgs).
The tour began in Homestead, Florida, in mid October 1973, and ended in Northampton, England, in late November. Bunny Wailer, who hadn't participated in the Catch a Fire Tour, was replaced by Joe Higgs. The first four shows of the second tour leg in England had been cancelled due to Tosh's illness. The tour ended in Northampton,at the Northampton College of further education, I was there it was not a packed audience and the stage was very low which meant I was within two feet of Bob as he sang! It was a spiritual experience he was so stoned he was kneeling on the floor as he sang into the mike, unforgettable. England; the rest of the tour was cancelled due to heavy snow.
During the tour, some crucial Bob Marley & The Wailers recordings had been made; the appearance at the Capitol Studios had been videotaped and has been used for several documentary movies. The appearance at Sausalito's Plant Studios had been broadcast live by KSAN and later officially released on the album "Talkin' Blues". Furthermore, the appearances at BBC's Top Gear and at Leeds University had been recorded as well and later were officially released on the second disc of the deluxe edition of the "Burnin'" album.
Setlist.
Unlike later tours, the setlist varied on almost every show, but there were some common features:

</doc>
<doc id="5923472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923472" title="Allari Pidugu">
Allari Pidugu

Allari Pidugu () is a Tollywood film which released on 5 October 2005 and was directed by Jayant Paranjee. Balakrishna plays a dual role and Katrina Kaif and Charme Kaur play the heroines.The film met with negative reviews from critics and was declared a flop at the box office.
Plot.
Charkavarti (Puneet Issar), has two sons Ranjit and Giri (both played by Balakrishna). Giri is the younger one, who is the village guy and in love with his cousin Subbalakshmi (Charmy Kaur). Ranjit turns into an ACP and meets his match Swati (Katrina Kaif). G.K. (Mukesh Rishi) is a member of the Parliament, whose anti-social activities are contained by Ranjit. Also, Chakravarti who spends 14 years in prison after falsely charged by G.K. in a case is released. G.K. plans to take revenge on the family. But, the person who comes to the rescue of the family and the people threatened by the villain’s plans is Giri. The story is on how he ends as winner, by saving lives and winning respect from his father.

</doc>
<doc id="5923481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923481" title="Walker Basin, California">
Walker Basin, California

Walker Basin, California, is an isolated community between Havilah and Fig Orchard near Sequoia National Forest, Breckenridge Mountain, Centennial Ridge (south), and Paiute Mountain (east).

</doc>
<doc id="5923530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923530" title="Chester A. Arthur Home">
Chester A. Arthur Home

The Chester A. Arthur Home, also known as Chester A. Arthur House, was the residence of the 21st President of the United States, Chester A. Arthur, both before and after his rise to national fame. Located at 123 Lexington Avenue in New York City, Arthur spent most of his adult life living in the residence. Serving as Vice-President for President James Garfield, he retreated to this house after the July 2, 1881 attempted assassination of Garfield. Garfield did not die until September 19, and then Arthur took the oath of office in this building.
A commemorative bronze plaque was placed inside the building in 1964 by the Native New Yorkers Historical Society and New York Life Insurance. The house was designated a National Historic Landmark on January 12, 1965.
The residence has undergone many changes. Today, the building houses a Mediterranean grocery store on the first two floors and apartments on the top three.

</doc>
<doc id="5923543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923543" title="Break Me Shake Me">
Break Me Shake Me

"Break Me Shake Me" is the fourth single released by Savage Garden from their eponymous debut album "Savage Garden".
Background.
"Break Me Shake Me" was released exclusively as a single in Australia in 1997, before being issued in Europe and Japan during the summer of 1998. The single was never released in the United Kingdom. The song was a hit in Australia, reaching #7 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Two music videos exist for the song. The first video, which presents Darren Hayes with long hair, and was made for the Australian market, features the band performing the song in a small room, whilst the walls came closer and closer together. The second video, which presents Darren Hayes with short hair, and was made for the European market, features the band driving around in a car, performing in a desert and some concert footage from their Future of Earthly Delites tour. This video was directed by Adolfo Doring.
The version of "I'll Bet He Was Cool" that features on the Australian release is around twenty seconds shorter than the version that appears on most other releases. The "acoustic live" version of "I Want You" that features on the European release is the same version that appears on the Japanese "Truly Madly Deeply – Ultra Rare Tracks" CD. "Break Me Shake Me (Remix)" is the same as "Break Me Shake Me (Broken Mix)", which appears on "The Future of Earthly Delites" remix album. The full title of the Japanese release is "Break Me Shake Me + 4 Rare Tracks". "Santa Monica" was originally intended to be released before "Break Me Shake Me", and thus many online retailers made a listing for "Santa Monica Remixes EP". However, "Santa Monica" was later released as a separate single. The version of "Tears of Pearls (Tears on the Dancefloor Mix)" is the original, uncorrected version which appeared on the first pressing of "The Future of Earthly Delites" remix album.

</doc>
<doc id="5923547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923547" title="Odds On">
Odds On

Odds On is Michael Crichton's first published novel. It was released in 1966 under the pseudonym of John Lange. It is a short 215-page paperback novel. Hard Case Crime republished the novel under Crichton's name on November 19, 2013.
Plot Summary.
It describes an attempt of robbery in an isolated hotel on Costa Brava. The robbery is planned with the help of a Critical Path Analysis computer program, but unforeseen events get in the way.
Structure and Format.
As in many other Crichton novels the chapters are named by date as in a diary, rather than by number or other content. In this particular novel the chapters reflect the total timespan, the ticking clock, of the plot as a whole. The fifteen chapters begins with "Saturday, June Fourteenth", and ending with "Afternnon, June Twenty-Second". The timespan of the story is just a little more than a week, which is yet another similarity to Crichton’s later novels. 
Being his first book, it also contains some of Crichton's 'trademarks' for the first time. Among other things Crichton started his tradition of beginning his novels with quotes with this book: 
Background.
Crichton wrote the book in 1965 while a student at Harvard Medical School. He sent it to Doubleday for consideration under the name "John Lange". A reader at Doubleday loved the book but thought it was "too saucy" for that company, so sent it on to a friend at New American Library.
Crichton used the name John Lange because at this stage he planned to be a doctor and did not want his patients worried he would use them for his plots. The name came from a fairy tale writer called Andrew Lang; Crichton added an "e" and substituted his own real first name, John, for Andrew.
Proposed Adaptation.
In 1969 - around the time film rights were bought for Crichton's "The Andromeda Strain" - independent producer Sam Roy bought the film rights to "Odds On". However no movie was made.

</doc>
<doc id="5923569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923569" title="Company's Coming">
Company's Coming

"Company's Coming" is a popular line of cookbooks that has sold over 30 million copies since 1981. The series is produced by Company’s Coming Publishing Limited based in Edmonton, Alberta. The series was written by Jean Paré.
Founded in 1981, the "Company's Coming" series comprises over 200 cookbooks, each on a single subject.
In 2009, Company's Coming Editor Laurie Stempfle wrote "Gold: Small Plates for Sharing" which received the Canadian Culinary Gold award in the Cookbook category.
Author.
Paré started as a caterer. In 1981, at the age of 54, she self-published her first cookbook, printing 15,000 copies of "150 Delicious Squares." The book was sold in specially designed racks at gas stations, grocery stores and at local fairs. This first book started the Company's Coming company.
List of cookbooks.
This is a list of cookbooks in order of series then date they were released.

</doc>
<doc id="5923580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923580" title="Cincinnatus Shryock">
Cincinnatus Shryock

Cincinnatus Shryock (Lexington, Kentucky, 1816 – Lexington, 1888) was an American architect. A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Life and career.
Shryock was born into a famous American architectural family. His father was the famous Kentucky architect and contractor Mathias Shryock and his brother, Gideon, also became a well-known architect in his own right.
Apparently, Cincinnatus Shryock was somewhat of a Renaissance man. He matriculated to Transylvania University in Lexington, whose campus now occupies the former site of his boyhood home, which had been built by his father. There he studied medicine, but left one term short of graduation. He was also known as a mathematician and designed his own telescope, and was known for his interests in music and literature.
Cincinnatus Shryock's first experience in as an architect involved the structural work for Morrison Chapel (now commonly known as "Old Morrison"), a Greek Revival structure designed by his brother Gideon, on the Transylvania campus, in 1833. After the building's completion, Gideon moved to Louisville, but Cincinnatus remained in Lexington, working as an employee of an architect named John McMurtry.
It was under McMurtry's tutelage that Cincinnatus developed a taste for the Tudor Gothic and Gothic revival styles, which were very popular during a series of revivals in architectural styles in the nineteenth century, particularly in Great Britain and the United States. During the 1840s and 1850s, McMurtry and Shryock's practice catered to wealthy Bluegrass landowners who fashioned themselves after Scottish knights from Sir Walter Scott's literature.
In the years immediately predating the American Civil War, Shryock and McMurtry broke off their business relationship, partly because the architectural business in Lexington had dwindled considerably. During the war, Cincinnatus moved his family down the Kentucky River to operate Shryock's Ferry. He exhibited some Confederate sympathies, aiding Southern troops to cross the Kentucky River and later attempting to delay Union troops from raiding the town of Lawrenceburg, Kentucky. At the conflict's close, he returned to Lexington to resume his practice.
Cincinnatus Shryock's postwar practice seems to have prospered. He was engaged in the design of many period buildings, replete with mansard roofs, ornate gingerbread, and bay windows characteristic of Italianate buildings. One of Shryock's most notable buildings is the First Presbyterian Church in Lexington, a Gothic revival structure built in 1872 and located on North Mill Street. [http://www.cr.nps.gov/nr/travel/lexington/architecture.htm]
His work also figures prominently in the South Hill Historic District of Lexington. [http://www.cr.nps.gov/nr/travel/lexington/shi.htm]
Shryock is buried in the Lexington Cemetery.
Works.
Works include:

</doc>
<doc id="5923590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923590" title="WTPC-TV">
WTPC-TV

WTPC-TV is a religious television station in Virginia Beach, Virginia, broadcasting locally on channel 21 as a TBN owned-and-operated station.
History.
The station signed on March 26, 2006 as WHRE. The station was originally owned by Copeland Channel 21, LLC, but has always been programmed by TBN. TBN filed to purchase the station outright in May 2010. WHRE added the -TV suffix to WHRE in 2010. The call letters were changed to WTPC-TV on November 15, 2010.
Digital television.
Because it was granted an original construction permit after the FCC finalized the DTV allotment plan on April 21, 1997 [http://www.transmitter.com/FCC97115/chanplan.html], the station did not receive a companion channel for a digital television station. Instead, on or before February 17, 2009, which is the end of the digital TV conversion period for full-service stations, WHRE was required to turn off its analog signal and turn on its digital signal (called a "flash-cut").

</doc>
<doc id="5923597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923597" title="Chicken (song)">
Chicken (song)

"Chicken" is a song by The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster, released as the fourth single from their debut album "Hörse of the Dög". It was played often on MTV Rocks (formerly MTV2 Europe) and Kerrang!. The cover of the single features artwork by Buzz Parker, creator of "Emily Strange". The song was used in Nike's May 2012 commercial "My Time Is Now".
Video.
The video comprises the band being unpacked from boxes and fridges by two crazed men in a dark room. The bodies are then attached to meat hooks and taped to their instruments. The two men look on excitedly as the band play. Chickens are seen walking around the floor of the room.

</doc>
<doc id="5923603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923603" title="Montgomery-Cuninghame baronets">
Montgomery-Cuninghame baronets

The baronetcy of Cuninghame of Corsehill was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia and conferred upon Alexander Cuninghame of Corsehill, a Scottish baron and landowner in Dumfriesshire and a great-great-great-grandson of the 4th Earl of Glencairn. The fourth baronet's father added the name Montgomery before his own on inheriting estate of Kirktonholm.
Cuninghame, later Montgomery-Cuninghame of Corsehill baronets, of Corsehill (1672).
Sir John claims the title of Earl of Glencairn although he has never officially petitioned the House of Lords and his ancestors did not petition for the title in the House of Lords in 1797 as they had not provided sufficient evidence of being heirs-male to the Earls of Glencairn and again denied in the 19th century due to a lack of propinquity. The estates and lordships were passed by strict entail of the 12th Earl of Glencairn to the "heirs male of her own body" of his eldest daughter, Lady Margaret Cunningham, wife of Nicol Graham of Gartmore and to their line should his male heir line fail, which it did upon the death of the 15th Earl of Glencairn in 1796. 
Sir John petitioned the Lord Lyon, King of Arms, for recognition as Chief of the Name and Arms of Cunningham in March 2010 and was recognised as such by the Lyon´s interlocutor of 18th December, 2013 as Cunninghame of that Ilk. He is, therefore, the first Chief of the House of Cunninghame in over 200 years.
There is no heir to the baronetcy of Corsehill, though his chiefship may pass to and through the female line.

</doc>
<doc id="5923612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923612" title="Harold Robbins' The Survivors">
Harold Robbins' The Survivors

The Survivors is a high-profile prime time soap opera aired by the ABC television network as part of its Fall 1969 lineup.
This program is probably most noted now for having been the only appearance as a regular series character of major Hollywood actress Lana Turner, and also starred other "big names" such as Jan-Michael Vincent, Ralph Bellamy, Diana Muldaur, George Hamilton, Clu Gulager, and Natalie Schafer. Despite their presence, and that above the title of bestselling author Harold Robbins, since the characters were from his novel of the same name, the program was a ratings fiasco, losing badly to "Mayberry R.F.D." and "The Doris Day Show" on CBS and "The NBC Monday Movie" on NBC. A program as expensive to produce as this one must garner large ratings in order to be successful, so it was cancelled at midseason, although it was rerun the following summer in an attempt to recoup at least some of the investment.
References.
Brooks, Tim and Marsh, Earle, "The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows"

</doc>
<doc id="5923629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923629" title="Maryinka">
Maryinka

Maryinka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923637" title="List of Friends characters">
List of Friends characters

This is a list of notable characters in the sitcom "Friends", which aired for ten seasons, on NBC, from 1994 to 2004. It featured six main cast members: Rachel Green (Jennifer Aniston), Monica Geller (Courteney Cox), Phoebe Buffay (Lisa Kudrow), Joey Tribbiani (Matt LeBlanc), Chandler Bing (Matthew Perry) and Ross Geller (David Schwimmer). Many notable celebrities guest starred on the series throughout its ten-year run.
Ensemble cast.
The main cast members were familiar to television viewers before their roles on "Friends", but were not considered to be stars. Series creator David Crane wanted all six characters to be equally prominent, and the series was lauded as being "the first true 'ensemble' show". The cast members made efforts to keep the ensemble format and not allow one member to dominate; they entered themselves in the same acting categories for awards, opted for collective instead of individual salary negotiations, and asked to appear together on magazine cover photos in the first season. The cast members became best friends off screen, and one guest star, Tom Selleck, reported sometimes feeling left out. The cast remained good friends after the series' run, notably Cox and Aniston, with Aniston being godmother to Cox and David Arquette's daughter, Coco. In the official farewell commemorative book "Friends 'Til the End", each separately acknowledged in his/her interview that the cast had become his/her family.
Salaries.
In their original contracts for season one, each cast member was paid $22,500 per episode. The cast members received different salaries in the second season, beginning from the $20,000 range to $40,000 per episode. Prior to their salary negotiations for the third season, the cast decided to enter collective negotiations, despite Warner Bros.' preference for individual deals. The actors were given the salary of the least paid cast member, meaning Aniston and Schwimmer earned less than they could have. The stars were paid, per episode, $75,000 in the third season, $85,000 in the fourth, $100,000 in the fifth, and $125,000 in the sixth season. The cast members received salaries of $750,000 per episode in the seventh and eight seasons, and $1 million per episode in the ninth and tenth. The cast also received syndication royalties beginning with the fifth season.
Main characters.
All six main actors had prior experience in situation comedy, and, in some cases, improvisational comedy as well.
Rachel Green.
Rachel Karen Green (Jennifer Aniston) is the spoiled but warm-hearted and likeable daughter of a rich vascular surgeon and his wife. Rachel is introduced into the series in the first episode as she decides to jilt her fiance Barry at the altar, and attempt to live independently without any financial support from her parents. She flees from her almost-wedding to New York City, to find her friend from high school Monica Geller. Rachel then moves into Monica's apartment as they become room-mates, which is how she becomes acquainted with Phoebe Buffay, Chandler Bing and Joey Tribbiani. Rachel already knows Ross Geller as he is Monica's brother and they all went to the same high school. Rachel's first job as an independent woman is as a waitress at the coffee house Central Perk, (which is the central hub of the six friends) but she later becomes an assistant buyer at Bloomingdale's, and a buyer at Polo Ralph Lauren. 
A great deal of Rachel's life throughout the series revolves around her on-off relationship with Ross Geller. At the end of season seven, during Monica and Chandler's wedding, it is revealed that Rachel is pregnant and that Ross is the father. The baby is the result of a one night stand between Rachel and Ross. 
Initially, Rachel is determined to raise the baby on her own until she realises she needs Ross' help. When the baby, a girl named Emma, is born towards the end of the eighth season, Rachel makes the decision to move in with Ross (although the two are not involved in a relationship and it is purely for Emma's benefit).
During the tenth season, Rachel is offered a job for Louis Vuitton which is based in Paris. She accepts and prepares to move herself and Emma to Europe. However, in the final episode of the series (The Last One) it is revealed that she ultimately declines the job offer and famously "gets off the plane". Rachel and Ross reconcile in the final few moments of the series.
Monica Geller.
Monica Elizabeth Geller (Courteney Cox) is the mother hen of the group, who is known for her obsessive-compulsive and competitive nature. Monica is often jokingly teased for having been an extremely overweight child by the others, especially her brother Ross. 
Monica is an intelligent, warm-hearted person who works primarily as a chef throughout the show.
In the second season, Monica falls for her father Jack's (Elliott Gould) friend, Richard Burke. Despite the twenty one year age difference, Monica and Richard are happy and her parents accept their relationship. However, as a result of Monica yearning for a family but Richard having already had one, the two break up. 
Monica then pursues a chain on various men until she unexpectedly begins a relationship with her longtime friend, Chandler Bing, at the end of the fourth season, during her brother Ross' wedding to Emily Waltham. 
Monica and Chandler marry at the close of season seven. They begin to try to conceive children, but after visiting the fertility clinic it is revealed that both Monica and Chandler are infertile. In the final episode of the series, (The Last One), the pregnant woman (Erica Anna Faris) whose child Monica and Chandler are adopting goes into labour. She, unbeknownst to herself, Chandler and Monica, gives birth to twins. Chandler and Monica decide to adopt both children, whom they name Erica (after their birth mother) and Jack (after Monica's father). The final few moments of the series are Monica, Chandler and their twins moving out of Monica's iconic apartment to a house in the suburbs.
Phoebe Buffay.
Phoebe Buffay (Lisa Kudrow) is an eccentric and rather idiotic but nonetheless good-natured masseuse who was once a homeless person, and sometimes tells her friends outlandish tales of her days on the street. She is an aspiring musician who plays the guitar and sings songs with somewhat unusual lyrics at the coffee shop. She has an identical twin sister named Ursula, who is also played by Kudrow, just as eccentric as Phoebe and appeared as a recurring character in the sitcom Mad About You. After a series of dates and relationships with a number of men, she meets Mike Hannigan (Paul Rudd) in season nine, who she eventually marries in season ten. She also became a surrogate mother for the child of her half-brother Frank Jr. (Giovanni Ribisi), and gives birth to his triplets in the fifth season.
Joey Tribbiani.
Joseph "Joey" Francis Tribbiani, Jr. (Matt LeBlanc): A good-natured but incredibly stupid struggling actor and food lover, who becomes famous for his role on a fictionalized version of "Days of our Lives" as Dr. Drake Ramoray. Joey is a womanizer, with many girlfriends throughout the series (his usual pick-up line: "How "you" doin'?"), and develops a crush on his friend Rachel in season eight. Prior to his role on "Friends", LeBlanc appeared as a regular on the short-lived "TV 101", a minor character in the sitcom "Married... with Children", and as a main character in its spin-offs, "Top of the Heap" and "Vinnie & Bobby". After "Friends" ended, LeBlanc portrayed Joey in a short-lived spin-off, "Joey".
Chandler Bing.
Chandler Muriel Bing (Matthew Perry): An executive in statistical analysis and data reconfiguration for a large multi-national corporation. Chandler later quits his job and becomes a junior copywriter at an advertising agency. Chandler is known for his sarcastic sense of humor, and, an intelligent man at the end of the day despite all his goofy quirkiness, often mocks his good friend Joey (though never with any malice, even while exasperated) for the latter's stupidity. Chandler is often depicted as being somewhat of a hapless individual, suffering a lot of bad luck as he struggles through life throughout early seasons and throughout all ten occasionally struggles with an on-and-off smoking addiction. However, he eventually falls in deep mutual love with Monica; an emotional Chandler tells her that she "makes him happier than he ever thought he could be" while proposing to her at the close of season six, with the two of them marrying at the close of season seven. By the end of the series he and Monica adopt twins, who they name Jack and Erica named after her father and the children's biological mother. Like Aniston, Perry had already appeared in several unsuccessful sitcom pilots before being cast. He had also starred in the TV series "Second Chance" and "Sidney.
Ross Geller.
Ross Eustace Geller, Ph.D. (David Schwimmer): A paleontologist working at a museum of prehistory, and later a professor of paleontology at New York University. The most intelligent of the six main characters but at the same time a clumsy, socially awkward and quirky individual, Ross has three failed marriages during the series (including one that already ended before the pilot, and one with Rachel), and is involved in an on-off relationship with Rachel. He is also the father of his ex-wife Carol's son Ben, and Rachel's daughter Emma. Before being cast in "Friends", Schwimmer played minor characters in "The Wonder Years" and "NYPD Blue"; his first regular series role was in the sitcom "Monty". Schwimmer is the only cast member native to New York City in real life.
Characters recurring throughout series.
Each of the following characters of "Friends", portrayed by a celebrity, may or may not be particularly significant to the story of the series; each "was introduced in one season and would appear in subsequent seasons"—unless introduced in season 6 (no characters introduced would re-appear thereafter) or season 10 (which was the last season).
Introduced in season 1.
Jack and Judy Geller.
Jack (Elliott Gould) and Judy Geller (Christina Pickles): Ross and Monica's parents. In early appearances, Jack frequently makes inappropriate comments, which he punctuates by exclaiming "I'm just "saying"...!" Judy often makes condescending remarks about Monica's lack of a love life and sometimes forgets her daughter even exists, while simultaneously favoring Ross. Despite each of them having their own quirks however, they are both occasionally dumbfounded by the crazy antics of their son and daughter, such as Ross' disastrous wedding to Emily and Monica's ridiculous speech at their 35th anniversary party. They are also sometimes bemused by the antics of the other four friends, such as idiotic or crazy comments from Phoebe and/or Joey, a revolting trifle cooked by Rachel which Joey is happy to eat and Chandler entering a coed whirlpool alongside Jack without wearing anything underneath the towel wrapped around his waist.
Pickles was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her appearance in "The One Where Nana Dies Twice". "The Seattle Times" ranked Jack and Judy jointly as the second best guest character of the series in 2004.
Barry Farber.
Barry Farber (Mitchell Whitfield): Rachel's jilted fiancé. Barry, an orthodontist, decides to go on his and Rachel's honeymoon with her maid of honor Mindy, and soon begins a relationship with her. Their relationship hits a rough patch when he and Rachel consider getting back together. He decides to stay with Mindy, and the two are later married. Rachel is invited to the wedding, but receives a cold reception for jilting Barry while she is there, and a ridiculous speech from Ross which bemuses everyone in the room doesn't exactly improve the situation for her, until she, in a desperate attempt to salvage some pride, walks onto the stage where the mircrophone is and starts singing. Barry and Mindy are said to have divorced five years later, after she found out he was cheating on her. Barry's last name is given as "Finkle" in the pilot and "Farber" in every other appearance except in "The One with the Flashback", where he is referred to as "Barry Barber". He has also been called "Barry White", and is possibly named as an homage to long-time NY talk show host Barry Farber. Barry is portrayed as a horrible, selfish little man who cheats, lies, and belittles other people. Getting both Rachel and Mindy to fall for him also suggests that he is manipulative.
Carol Willick and Susan Bunch.
Carol Willick (Anita Barone for character's debut episode, Jane Sibbett thereafter) and Susan Bunch (Jessica Hecht): Ross' lesbian ex-wife, who came out before the pilot, and her partner. In the second episode of the series, Carol tells Ross that she is pregnant with his child, and is having it with her partner Susan. Carol and Susan are often bemused by Ross' quirks throughout his onscreen appearances with them. Susan does not attempt to hide her contempt of Ross and vice versa, but they briefly put aside their differences when Carol gives birth to a boy, whom they all agree, after weeks of argument, to name Ben. Carol and Susan get married in "The One with the Lesbian Wedding" and make irregular appearances until "The One That Could Have Been" (Susan), and "The One with the Truth About London" (Carol).
Carol and Susan were based on creators Marta Kauffman and David Crane's best friends in New York: "We didn't create them for any particular political reason or because of lesbian chic. It was just an opportunity to tell a really interesting story." The characters were called a positive example of a gay couple on television by GLAAD. Jessica Hecht originally auditioned to play Monica.
Gunther.
Gunther (James Michael Tyler): The manager of the Central Perk coffee house, who first appears as a background character in "The One with the Sonogram at the End". He is a former actor who once played Bryce on "All My Children" before that character was "killed in an avalanche." Gunther develops an unrequited crush on Rachel in the third season, which he keeps to himself until "The Last One". Apart from Ross, who he dislikes, he is on reasonably good terms with the rest of the gang despite occasionally being annoyed by wacky antics or comments from them. His motivation for disliking Ross is jealousy (as he is aware of Ross' relationship with Rachel), which is made clear numerous times, most notably in "The One the Morning After" when he reveals to Rachel that Ross (who mistakenely thought at the time that his relationship with her was over—"We were on a break") got drunk and cheated on her. Gunther appears in nearly every episode, but only occasionally calls attention to himself and almost never has a large role in the plot of an episode. In "The One With The Stain", Gunther is shown to be fluent in Dutch (although with a hint of an American accent), calling Ross an "ezel" as he converses with him.
James Michael Tyler was cast as Gunther because he was the only extra who could competently work the coffee machine on the Central Perk set. Tyler appears as Gunther in a co-host voice-over in the "Friends" trivia game for PS2, PC and Xbox, and in the board game "Friends: Scene It?". "The Seattle Times" ranked Gunther as the eighth best guest character of the series in 2004. When asked in 2009 by Heatworld.com what Gunther would be doing "now", Tyler joked, "He'd probably have a very traditional marriage, with lots of white-haired babies running around with hair brighter than the sun." Aside from the main cast, he appears in the most episodes.
Marcel.
Marcel (live animal actor): A Capuchin monkey that Ross initially keeps as a pet, and who provides comic relief for his geeky master. One time Rachel loses him in the city, and calls Animal Control—only to learn from Ross that Marcel is an illegal exotic animal that cannot be kept in the city. After unsuccessfully trying to prevent animal control officer Luisa (Megan Cavanagh) from discovering that they are habouring an illegal exotic animal and bemusing her with their wacky behaviour throughout these unsuccessful attempts, Rachel, Monica, Ross and Phoebe learn that Luisa is a former classmate of Rachel's and Monica's who upon recognizing Rachel attempts to spite her for snubbing her in high school by attempting to confiscate Marcel. To prevent this, Rachel threatens to tell Luisa's boss about how she shot Phoebe "in the ass with a dart" that had been meant for Marcel. Later, as Marcel sexually matures and begins to hump everything, Ross has to give him away to a zoo—"where he can have access to regular monkey-lovin'." Ultimately, Ross finds out that Marcel then got stolen from the zoo and taken into a life of show business, and—after starring in a liquor commercial—is starring in a movie in New York, where they are reunited one last time. In a later season Ross questions why he had a monkey as a pet.
Janice Goralnik.
Janice Litman Goralnik (née Hosenstein) (Maggie Wheeler): Chandler's on-again, off-again girlfriend for the first four seasons. Janice is one of the few characters besides the six main friends who appears in all of the "Friends" seasons. She has a nasal voice and a thick New York accent that sounds so irritating that it makes Chandler want to break up with her, but at the same time he does not want to hurt the nonetheless good-natured Janice's feelings, and while making a hand gesture in the midst of an attempt to break up with her without upsetting her, he accidentally pokes her in the eye in "The One with the East German Laundry Detergent" and although Phoebe is eventually able to explain to Janice on his behalf that he wants to end their relationship and get her to agree to break up with him without upsetting her in the process, he gets back together with her for New Year's and for Valentine's. When Chandler, in the wake of Mr. Heckles' death, resolves not to die alone, he is disappointed to discover that she is married and pregnant. In "The One with Barry and Mindy's Wedding", Chandler arranges a meeting with a mystery woman over the Internet, who turns out to be Janice. Their relationship lasts into the third season, when Janice decides to leave her husband to be with Chandler. Later, Joey sees Janice kissing her husband, who runs a mattress business. Chandler dumps her in "The One with the Giant Poking Device". When Janice returns to his life, Chandler, who eventually comes to find her insufferable due to the irritating sound of her voice, pretends to be moving to Yemen to get away from her. In a later episode, the tables are turned on the annoying natured Janice when she has a brief fling with Ross shortly after he has broken up with Emily, as he is unhappy and spends the entire date complaining about everything, causing her to find him insufferable and leave him (Ross had expected the reverse to eventually happen, but had been happy to date someone who listened so well to him in the meantime). She also makes a cameo on a "discovered" mix tape that Chandler plays for Monica, not knowing Janice's voice is on it. When Chandler and Monica become engaged, she tries to interfere with their wedding plans—leaving only when Monica states that Chandler still has feelings for Janice, which isn't true. When Ross and Rachel await the birth of their daughter Emma, she is placed in the same labor room as Rachel at the hospital; she later gives birth to a son, Aaron, who she jokes will be Emma's future husband. As Monica and Chandler make plans to have children, she offers Chandler advice and support at a fertility clinic. In "The One Where Estelle Dies", she comes close to buying a house next door to the one Monica and Chandler want to buy. To get rid of her, Chandler pretends he still loves her, causing her to (as he had hoped) become fearful that he will end up ruining his marriage and she will end up ruining her own (as she still loves Chandler as well) if she lives next door to him, so she decides not to buy the house after all and walks out of Chandler's life seemingly for good, but does kiss him one last time before she does, much to his surprise.
Presumably due to being amused by their wacky, quirky, goofy personalities, Janice seems to enjoy spending time with the six friends, which is somewhat ironic and very much inconvenient for them since none of them can stand to be around her (although she seems to be completely blind to the fact that they feel this way, showing almost no awareness whatsoever of the fact that they hate having to put up with her), due to the unbearably irritating nasal New York accent she speaks with, and the likewise unbearably annoying way she laughs whenever she does. She also emphasizes each word of her catchphrase, ""Ohhh—myyy—Gawd!"", and Chandler sometimes imitates her doing this. Janice's distinctive laugh was borne out of a slip-up Wheeler made during the rehearsal of "The One with the East German Laundry Detergent"; after Chandler and Janice's "More latte?"/"No, I'm still working on mine" lines, Wheeler laughed. "The Seattle Times" ranked Janice as the best guest character of the series in 2004.
Wheeler originally auditioned for the role of Monica.
Mr. Heckles.
Mr. Heckles (Larry Hankin): Monica and Rachel's downstairs neighbor, a domineering, highly eccentric elderly man who constantly complains about the noise, even though the six friends are being perfectly decent in volume whenever he claims that they are disturbing him. His reason for this is never revealed, until "The One Where Mr Heckles Dies", in which the group discover that the noises being made in their apartment are apparently amplified in his, and when Chandler hears banging coming from the above room while in Heckles' apartment (although it is never revealed exactly what the people upstairs were doing to cause the banging) it annoys him so much that he inadvertently imitates Heckles by banging on the roof with his broom. He appears in "The One with Two Parts, Part 1" and "The One Where the Monkey Gets Away" before dying in "The One Where Mr. Heckles Dies". As a last spiteful act, he leaves all of his junk to "the noisy girls in the apartment above mine". He makes a final cameo appearance in "The One with the Flashback", set in 1993, where he complains that Phoebe's noise is disturbing his oboe practice (even though he doesn't actually play the oboe), and inadvertently (and cruelly) causes Joey to be Chandler's roommate. He usually states that items are his, and when the other person states that he doesn't have one, Mr. Heckles says that he could have one. For instance, when Rachel and Phoebe are searching for the owner of a lost cat, Mr. Heckles said "Yes, that's my cat." They told him he didn't have a cat, to which he responded "I could have a cat."
Paolo.
Paolo (Cosimo Fusco): an Italian neighbor in Rachel's building, whom Rachel falls for in "The One with the Blackout". They start dating, making Ross jealous. She dumps him after he gropes Phoebe but has a last one-night stand with him in "The One with Ross's New Girlfriend".
Terry.
Terry (Max Wright): the manager at Central Perk (before Gunther takes the title), who does not hide the fact that he thinks Rachel is a terrible waitress—and Phoebe is ""so" bad" as a musician. He denies her an advance on her wages in "The One Where Underdog Gets Away" and hires a professional musician, Stephanie (Chrissie Hynde of The Pretenders), to replace Phoebe in "The One with the Baby on the Bus".
Fun Bobby.
"Fun Bobby" (Robert) (Vincent Ventresca): an alcoholic boyfriend of Monica's. In his first appearance in "The One with the Monkey", his "fun" is sapped at Monica's New Year's party after his grandfather died, but his depression doesn't stop Monica, annoyed that he's "bringing her party down" from putting a party horn in his mouth and forcing him to blow on it, to his bemusement. In "The One with Russ", the gang discovers that alcohol puts the "fun" into Fun Bobby. Monica tries to wean him off drinking but regrets it when he becomes extremely boring. Monica then began drinking on their dates, so that she could sit through his mind-numbingly dull stories. It is revealed in the episode "The One with Phoebe's Husband" (airdate October 12, 1995; Season 2, No. 4) that the underwear on the telephone pole was Monica's when she was having sex with Fun Bobby on the terrace (though a telephone pole is unlikely to have existed in New York City's West Village, as overhead wires have been prohibited by law since the 1880s).
David.
David, "the Scientist Guy" (Hank Azaria): a physicist with whom Phoebe falls in love with in "The One with the Monkey", when he receives an academic grant for a three year research trip to Minsk. After a quarrel with his research partner Max (Wayne Pére), David decides to take the trip, breaking Phoebe's heart. Seven years later, he returns to New York for a brief visit and shares an evening with Phoebe. Two years later, he returns permanently in "The One with the Male Nanny". He and Phoebe resume their relationship in "The One with the Donor". In "The One in Barbados—Part 1", David proposes to Phoebe but is turned down in favor of Mike Hannigan.
In 2003, Azaria was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series for his performance. Azaria originally auditioned for the role of Joey.
Nora Tyler Bing.
Nora Tyler Bing (Morgan Fairchild): Chandler's mother, a best-selling erotic novelist whose works include "Euphoria Unbound", "Euphoria At Midnight" and "Mistress Bitch". She first appears in "The One with Mrs. Bing", where she meets the gang while on a book tour in New York. After dinner, she kisses Ross. She makes a cameo appearance in the flashback scenes of "The One with All the Thanksgivings" and later appears in "The One with Chandler and Monica's Wedding" (with Kathleen Turner as Chandler's dad) and "The One After 'I Do'". "The Seattle Times" ranked Nora and her ex-husband jointly as the fifth best guest characters in 2004.
Ursula Buffay.
Ursula Pamela Buffay (Lisa Kudrow): Phoebe's identical twin. Kudrow originated the role of Ursula in the sitcom "Mad About You", playing her as an inept waitress at Riff's who frequently forgets orders. Ursula is every bit as eccentric as Phoebe is, but, unlike her sister, Ursula is a selfish, amoral, abrasive, brazen, hedonistic, crude and unpleasant individual who is so self-absorbed and self-centered that she often forgets things, usually treats Phoebe with disdain and is not liked by anyone who truly knows her. Phoebe refers to Ursula as her "evil twin." She first appears in "Friends" in "The One with Two Parts": Chandler and Joey are eating at Riff's and mistake Ursula for Phoebe. Joey becomes attracted to Ursula and they start dating. Ursula tells Phoebe that she is bored with Joey and sarcastically claims that he is smart enough to figure this out on his own without her having to actually tell him (implying his stupidity irritated her, hence her naturally nasty reaction), so Phoebe pretends to be her sister to let Joey down gently. In the same episode, Helen Hunt and Leila Kenzle cameo as their "Mad About You" characters Jamie Buchman and Fran Devanow, in a scene where they mistake Phoebe for Ursula in Central Perk. Ursula next appears briefly in "The One with the Jam", where she is being stalked by a man (David Arquette) who mistakes Phoebe for her. Phoebe naively begins a relationship with the man in question, but ends it with him when he can't get over his obsession with Ursula. In "The One with the Jellyfish" Phoebe tells Ursula that she has met their birth mother (SNL's Laraine Newman), but Ursula already knows about her. In "The One Where Chandler Can't Cry", Phoebe starts getting unwanted attention from men, and discovers that Ursula is starring in pornographic films using Phoebe's name, including a film called "Buffay The Vampire Layer". Phoebe gets revenge by claiming Ursula's checks and embarrassing her many male fans. Flashbacks in "The One Where They All Turn Thirty" reveal that Ursula sold Phoebe's birth certificate to a Swedish runaway, and that both sisters are "31", not 30. In "The One with the Halloween Party", Ursula introduces Phoebe to Eric (Sean Penn), her fiancé. Phoebe is horrified that Ursula has told Eric that she is a teacher, a member of the Peace Corps, a non-smoker, and attends a church group (all lies). The series finale of "Mad About You", set 22 years into the future, reveals that after a successful porn career, Ursula becomes Governor of New York.
Mindy Hunter-Farber.
Mindy Hunter-Farber (Jennifer Grey in "The One with the Evil Orthodontist", Jana Marie Hupp in "The One with Barry and Mindy's Wedding"): Rachel's maid of honor at her abortive wedding to Barry. Mindy and Rachel were best friends while growing up and their friendship is tested after Rachel discovers Mindy and Barry are seeing each other. She asks Rachel to be her maid of honor and dress in a garish pink dress. Mindy marries Barry in "The One with Barry and Mindy's Wedding"; but he later cheats on her and she has divorced him by "The One That Could Have Been, Part 1".
Ben Geller.
Ben (Various actors, 1995–1999; Cole Sprouse, 2000–2002): Ross and Carol's son, born during "The One with the Birth". Ben is played as an infant by Michael Gunderson, by brothers Charles Thomas Allen and John Christopher Allen from Season 3 to 5, and by Cole Sprouse from Season 6 to 8.
Julie.
Julie (Lauren Tom): an old graduate school colleague of Ross', whom he meets again while on a trip to China; she first appears in the final scene of the season 1 finale. They start dating but break up soon after, when Ross reveals he loves Rachel. During the entire time Julie and Ross were dating, Rachel hated the relationship because about a week before Ross came home from China, Rachel discovered that Ross was in love with her. This made Rachel's feelings for Ross grow at a fast rate, making her jealous of Julie's relationship with him.
Steve.
Steve (Jon Lovitz): a restaurant owner and drug addict who Phoebe knows. In 1995, Monica tries to impress him in an attempt to get a job at his restaurant, and Phoebe tells him he is welcome to go to her apartment and try her food there, but he gets stoned on the journey there and consequently acts obnoxious. At the end of the episode, Phoebe punishes him by giving him a very painful massage. His drug problem eventually causes him to lose his restaurant, and, in 2003, Phoebe later fixes Rachel up with him (and Ross with nobody) on a blind date, as part of a secret strategy to get Rachel and Ross back together.
Ugly Naked Guy.
Ugly Naked Guy (uncredited actor): an obese tenant in the apartment in the building across from Monica's apartment—who frequently, perhaps invariably, is naked with the drapes open—so the gang is frequently commenting on his activities—playing cello, wearing "gravity boots", etc. He is first mentioned in the second episode of the series, but only appears twice: first, his belly and an arm are shown in "The One with the Giant Poking Device"—in which he is being poked from across the street by the gang (who think he is dead) with a long device made from chopsticks; second, a rear view of him from head to waist is shown in "The One Where Everybody Finds Out" (his final show)—in which he is moving out of his apartment and Ross tries (successfully) to get the apartment. (In "The One with the Flashback", it is learned that he used to be "Cute Naked Guy", but then, in 1993, started putting on weight.)
Writer Alexa Junge explained, "Originally, he was pure conjecture—based on various Ugly Naked Guys many of the writers had lived across from (especially those who'd lived in New York city). However, we received a letter from a woman who grew up in the building you see in the stock footage shot of Monica, Rachel, Chandler, and Joey's building, who said there was, in fact, an authentic Ugly Naked Guy living across from her and 'how did we know?' Life is crazy, huh?"
Introduced in season 2.
Mr. Treeger.
Mr. Treeger (Michael G. Hagerty): the superintendent of Monica's building. Treeger first appears in "The One Where Heckles Dies", where he shows Heckles's lawyer where Monica and Rachel live. He next appears in "The One with Phoebe's Dad", where Monica thinks he is playing hardball by not mending her broken radiator, and Treeger is left bewildered as Ross, Monica and Rachel repeatedly attempt to convince him to have it fixed despite his attempts to explain that he won't be able to replace the knob Ross accidentally broke off because the shop does not open until the following Tuesday. Later, when Joey rebuffs him for putting down Rachel, he threatens to have Monica and Rachel evicted unless Joey helps him practice ballroom dancing to impress a woman (as Monica is illegally subletting the apartment which actually belongs to her late grandmother, to Treeger's irritation). In "The One with the Free Porn", he cleans the shower drain of Chandler and Joey's newly-won apartment, and warns them never to turn off their TV after they start receiving free porn. In his final appearance, he has a fireman break down the door to Monica's apartment after Joey tells him he smelled gas.
Estelle Leonard.
Estelle Leonard (June Gable): Joey's talent agent. Gable made her first appearance as Estelle in "The One with the Butt", but the scene was cut for timing reasons although it is included in the DVD version of season 1 (she is still mentioned after Joey's play in the original episode that aired). She makes her first proper appearance in "The One with Russ", when, after Joey tells Estelle he is fed up of poor roles, she gets him a recurring part in "Days of Our Lives". She witnesses Marshall Townend read a critical review of a play he had directed which Joey had starred in and along with everyone else in the room is bemused by the quirks of both Joey and Marshall in "The One with the Screamer". Although she is shown to be supportive of Joey's career in this episode, in another she willfully sabotages it after getting the impression that Joey has left her, which he in reality hadn't. She dies in the last season; Joey gives a speech at her memorial service, where it is revealed that her only other client is Al Zebooker, a man who eats paper. (Zebooker is apparently often irritated by the fact that Joey can't remember his real name and only ever refers to him as "the guy who eats paper"—as he leaves a phone message to Joey referring to himself as this in a weary tone of voice.)
When Gable auditioned for the role, she played Estelle quite plainly and was encouraged to "go away and do something with her". She returned to the audition room wearing a "fat suit" and eating a sandwich from a delicatessen, which she stubbed out a cigarette on. The performance was used in the deleted scene of "The One with the Butt". Her age is never given but Gable believed that she was in her 80s. In 2004, "The Seattle Times" ranked Estelle as the sixth best guest character of the series. Gable also plays the nurse who delivers Ben in "The One with the Birth".
Richard Burke.
Dr. Richard Burke (Tom Selleck): an ophthalmologist and best friend of Jack Geller. Richard is introduced in "The One Where Ross and Rachel … You Know" when Monica caters an event at his apartment. He begins to date her despite being 21 years older, infuriating Monica's parents when they find out. He and Monica break up in "The One with Barry and Mindy's Wedding" when he tells her he does not want more children, his own having already reached adulthood. Despite the two still being in love, they cannot reconcile this difference, and are both devastated for months. He makes a brief voice cameo in "The One Where No One's Ready", and later they briefly attempt to rekindle their romance as "friends" before accepting that the reasons they broke up remain valid. In "The One with the Proposal", he proposes to Monica after she leaves Chandler, who's planning to propose but pretends to be against marriage because he "wants it to be a surprise". Eventually, Chandler comes to his apartment searching for Monica and tells Richard of his own proposal plan. Richard seems to lack sympathy for Chandler at first, responding to Chandler explaining away his plan to make her initially think he was against marriage by stating it had "worked very well" but when Chandler angrily tells him he has no right to ruin another man's relationship with her because he's already ruined his own, he realizes Chandler is right and tells him, "You go "get" her, Chandler. And can I give you a bit of advice? If you get her, "don't" let her go. Trust me.", noting that he hates the fact that he is a nice guy when Chandler thanks him. His apartment is put up for sale in Season 9, in "The One with Ross's Inappropriate Song", but Richard is not seen. While there, Chandler finds out that Richard made a sex tape with Monica which he steals and watches, but he and Monica later discover that Richard taped over her, relieving Chandler but leaving Monica feeling insulted.
All of Selleck's entrances in Season 2 had to be refilmed after the audience left because "it was like The Beatles with the screaming and the applause". For his appearance in "The One with the Proposal", Selleck was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series. In 2004, "The Seattle Times" ranked Richard as the third best guest character of the series.
Sandra Green.
Sandra Green (Marlo Thomas): Rachel's overprotective mother. In "The One with the Lesbian Wedding", she announces to Rachel that she never loved Rachel's father and is divorcing him. ("You didn't marry your Barry, honey—but "I" married "mine".") She later accompanies everyone to Carol and Susan's wedding. In "The One with Two Parties", she arrives at Rachel's birthday party and is unaware for the whole night that her ex-husband is also there, as the six friends successfully prevent them from finding out each other are there by setting up two different parties, bemusing them both with their strange, wacky behavior in the process; Joey even ends up kissing Sandra to distract her from her ex-husband's departure. In "The One with the Baby Shower", she is invited at the last minute to attend Rachel's baby shower, where she offers to move in with Ross and Rachel to help with the baby's first months; Ross and Rachel first accept, then change their minds.
For her appearance in "The One with the Lesbian Wedding", Thomas was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series.
Frances.
Frances (Audra Lindley): Phoebe's adopted grandmother by her adopted mother Lily. Her only appearance is in "The One with Phoebe's Dad", where she reveals to Phoebe that the person in the pictures she keeps around the house is not Phoebe's father, which motivates Phoebe to try to track down her real father. Though the character appears in only one episode, she is mentioned in a few more, including in season 5's "The One with Joey's Bag", where it is revealed that she has recently passed away and Phoebe plans her funeral. Phoebe inherits her grandmother's yellow taxi and apartment. She keeps the taxi until the very end of the series.
Frank Buffay, Jr..
Frank Buffay, Jr. (Giovanni Ribisi): Phoebe's half-brother by their father. In "The One with the Bullies", Phoebe meets him after finding the courage to knock on her father's suburban door, but learns from Frank Jr.'s mother (played by Laraine Newman) that her father walked out several years ago. Frank later visits the city where he hits on Jasmine, one of Phoebe's coworkers, and mistakes her massage parlor for a whorehouse. He eventually falls in love with and becomes engaged to Alice Knight (Debra Jo Rupp), his old home economics teacher who is 26 years his senior. In "The One With Phoebe's Uterus", Frank and Alice ask Phoebe to be a surrogate mother for their child, and she later gives birth to their triplets, who she then says goodbye to in an emotional scene in "The One Hundreth." Frank makes a final appearance in "The One Where Ross is Fine", when he and the triplets meet Phoebe at Central Perk.
Previously, Ribisi appeared in "The One with the Baby on the Bus" as a stranger who leaves a condom rather than money in Phoebe's guitar case when she is singing in the street, and then comes back to retrieve it. It was never addressed if this was intended to be the same character as Frank, who had not yet been introduced by name. 
In 2004, "The Seattle Times" ranked Frank as the fourth-best guest character of the series. Alice was only scheduled to appear in the one episode but was brought back for a recurring role after the surrogacy storyline—which was created when actor Lisa Kudrow became pregnant.
Leonard Green.
Leonard Green (Ron Leibman): Rachel's father, an unpleasant, crude, brazen, bad-tempered, abrasive and rather amoral vascular surgeon; although he is genuinely affectionate and usually good-natured towards his daughter, he is generally a nasty, mean-spirited bully who is quick to insult anyone who, even by accident, irritates him in the slightest way. He takes an instant dislike to his daughter's boyfriend Ross when the latter refers to Leonard's profession as "a game." Later, when Ross and Rachel conceive a child (Emma), he becomes furious that they're not engaged because he does not want his grandchild to be a bastard and ends up going to Ross' apartment and shouting at him because Rachel (who is afraid of Leonard's anger) lied to him and claimed that Ross refused to ask her to marry him, leading Rachel to eventually clarify the situation for him. He has a heart attack in "The One Where Joey Speaks French" and is recovering in the hospital when Ross turns up, though he once again is unable or unwilling to be nice to him.
Although Leonard, like his daughter Amy, was a deliberately unpleasant and unlikeable character, the comic relief he provided caused him, again like his daughter Amy, to become memorable as a character fans "loved to hate."
Introduced in season 3.
Mark Robinson.
Mark Robinson (Steven Eckholdt): Rachel's deskmate at Bloomingdale's, who first appears in "The One Where Chandler Can't Remember Which Sister" (airdate January 9, 1997; Season 3, No. 11). Ross is jealous of Mark as he mistakenly suspects that he and Rachel are having an affair. It is Mark's presence at Rachel's apartment after he offered to provide her with comfort after her fight with Ross which leads Ross, overhearing his voice in the background after phoning Rachel and mistakenly thinking he is there to have sex with her, to become convinced that his relationship with her is now over and, after angrily hanging up, get drunk and sleep with Chloe ultimately ending Ross and Rachel's relationship. Later, Mark asks Rachel on a date and she accepts, however she rejects his advances when she realizes she only accepted the offer to get back at Ross. That is the last time Mark is seen until "The One with Princess Consuela", where he informs Rachel of a job in Paris. Ross fails to recognize him but becomes jealous all over again once reminded. It is also revealed that since his previous appearance he has married and had kids - once informed of this, an embarrassed Ross wonders "Should we send something?"
Sophie.
Sophie (Laura Dean): Mark's replacement. Sophie is frequently victimized by her boss Johanna and occasionally bewildered by ridiculous comments from Chandler (who had a brief relationship with Johanna). In the episode "The One Where They're Going to "Party!"", she is ecstatic about Joanna's death.
Johanna.
Johanna (Alison LaPlaca): Rachel's boss, who despite being occasionally bewildered by his ridiculous comments, dates Chandler in two episodes (once in season 3, once in season 4). She is hostile to her assistant, Sophie, but usually good-natured towards Rachel. After deliberately sabotaging Rachel's promotion in order to keep her, she finally offers Rachel a promotion within her own department, but is knocked down and killed by a cab before she can effect it.
Doug.
Douglas "Doug" (Sam McMurray): Chandler's new boss in "The One with the Ultimate Fighting Champion". Doug enjoys calling Chandler ""Bing!"" and slapping his male colleagues on the butt. Monica and Chandler play a game of tennis with Doug and his wife, who are left exhausted, irritated and bewildered by Monica's ridiculously overly-competitive attitude in "The One with Chandler's Work Laugh" (January 21, 1999; Season 5, No. 12). In this episode, it is implied that he, his wife, and the rest of Chandler's co-workers all dislike Joey, who Chandler claims damaged his reputation in their eyes (presumably with all his stupidity) after he invited him to a work office party, damage repaired by Monica when he invited her to a different one. In "The One with Ross's Step Forward" (airdate December 13; 2001; Season 8, No. 11), he invites Monica and Chandler to dinner to celebrate his divorce. To get out of it, Chandler pretends that he wants to be on his own because he and Monica have split up but it backfires when Doug, who despite his seemingly cheerful and relieved attitude towards his divorce is in reality clearly depressed over it, tries to cheer Chandler up by taking him to strip clubs, drunkenly throwing cans at birds and throwing (Doug's) wedding ring into the gutter (Chandler had refused Doug's offer at first, but then made the mistake of thoughtlessly stating his reason for this as being that Monica wouldn't appreciate it, only to then be forced to correct himself upon seeing Doug's confused expression).
Bonnie.
Bonnie (Christine Taylor): Phoebe's formerly bald friend, first mentioned in episode The One with the Candy Hearts (although referred to as 'Abby' then), who she sets up with Ross in "The One with the Ultimate Fighting Champion". Rachel met Bonnie two years prior to the events of this episode, and remembers her as a "weird bald chick"; however, when Rachel meets her she is horrified to see that her hair has actually grown back and she is actually a very attractive woman. Since Rachel still has feelings for Ross, she, in a successful attempt to make Bonnie less attractive to him, convinces her to shave her hair off again in "The One at the Beach" (airdate May 15, 1997; Season 3, No. 25). She makes a brief appearance at the beginning of "The One with the Jellyfish", when Ross decides to dump her and get back together with Rachel. He implies that he made a dreadful mess of breaking up with her, both upsetting and enraging her in the process.
Phoebe Abbott.
Phoebe Abbott (Teri Garr): Phoebe's birth mother. Phoebe tracks her down in "The One at the Beach", believing her to be a friend of Lily's. She reveals her parentage at the end of the episode and makes amends with Phoebe in "The One with the Jellyfish". Later, when Phoebe wants to be a surrogate mother for Frank and Alice's child, she lends Phoebe her puppy to demonstrate how difficult it is to give up children after carrying them.
The Chick and the Duck.
The Chick and the Duck (live animal actors): Chandler and Joey's pet birds. In "The One With a Chick and a Duck.", Joey adopts a chick from an animal sanctuary, misunderstanding a news report about people who buy chicks and then find they cannot properly care for them. Encouraged by Phoebe to return the chick, but discovering that the animals would be euthanized, Chandler, who went to give the chick back, returns home with the chick and a duck. Chandler and Joey treat the chick and the duck as their own children—at one point, Chandler punishes the duck by sending him out to the hall ("You stay out here and think about what you did!").
Chandler briefly names the chick "Yasmine", after "Baywatch" actress Yasmine Bleeth (the chick later, however, turns out to be a rooster, not a hen); and in "The One With Ross's Thing", Chandler refers to the possible offspring of the duck and the chick as "Dick" (Joey refers to it as Chuck). By Season 6 the animals disappeared; the duck was mentioned but not seen in Season 7. In the final episode of the series, Joey bought Chandler a new duckling and chick as a housewarming gift—which Joey names "Duck Jr." and "Chick Jr."—and it is revealed that the original birds died a while ago, and Chandler, not wanting Joey to be upset about it, told him that they had gone to live on a farm, where visitors were not allowed. The birds do not appear on the "Friends" spinoff, "Joey".
Introduced in season 4.
Stu.
Stuart "Stu" (Fred Stoller): a waiter at the restaurant Allesandro's, where Monica gets a job in "The One Where They're Going to Party!" In "The One with the Girl from Poughkeepsie" (airdate December 19, 1997; Season 4, No. 10), Stu leads a kitchen staff rebellion against Monica (his motivation being partly that she had written an extremely critical review of the restaurant's food and service in the paper prior to being hired to work there herself, which he and the rest of the staff had felt publicly humiliated by and partly that a member of his family lost his job after she replaced him as the head chef), locking her in a cold storage room and writing insults on her chef's hat. Monica hires Joey as a stooge so she can show her authority in front of the staff by firing him in front of them all, and the rebellion soon ends. In "The One with the Stripper", Stu gives Monica the phone number of someone she assumes is a stripper for Chandler's belated bachelor party, though she turns out to be a prostitute.
Emily Waltham.
Emily Waltham (Helen Baxendale): The niece of Rachel's boss Mr Waltham, who arrives for a two-week visit to New York in "The One with Joey's Dirty Day". She has a whirlwind romance with Ross and they decide to get married. The friends fly to London for their wedding in "The One with Ross's Wedding" (airdate May 7, 1998; Season 4, No. 23 & 24), and Ross accidentally says Rachel's name at the altar, humiliating Emily in front of her friends and family. She aims to reconcile with him at the airport in "The One After Ross Says 'Rachel'" (airdate September 24, 1998; Season 5, No. 1) but sees Rachel with him and storms out again. Ross tries to convince her to move to New York. She agrees but makes him promise to get rid of "everything Rachel has ever touched", and she demands that he never see Rachel again. When she learns that he's having dinner with the old gang—including Rachel—she tells him she can't trust him and she decides to end the marriage. She makes a final voice cameo in "The One with the Ride Along", when she leaves a message on Ross's answering machine the night before her new wedding, telling him she is having second thoughts about it and is worried that they made a mistake splitting up. Rachel accidentally deletes the message, but tells Ross about it and convinces him not to respond to it. Emily's surname is that of the city where both creators of the show attended college.
Patsy Kensit was originally approached to play the role but turned it down. Emily and Ross's marriage was intended to last much longer in the series, but Helen Baxendale became pregnant prior to Season 5 and was unable to travel for the show; hence, her limited appearances after Season 4. Helen Baxendale was asked to reprise the role in Season 10, but turned it down to star in the West End play "After Miss Julie", and because she did not want the same level of tabloid attention she received in 1998.
Stephen and Andrea Waltham.
Stephen (Tom Conti) and Andrea Waltham (Jennifer Saunders): Emily's father and shrewish stepmother, introduced in "The One with Ross's Wedding, Part 2". Their marriage is icy and they openly treat one another with disdain. They are equally hostile towards Jack and Judy Geller when the Gellers refuse to pay for their house to be remodelled after the wedding reception. When the wedding takes place, like all of the guests they are shocked and utterly dumbfounded when Ross accidentally says Rachel's name instead of Emily's during the vows. In "The One After Ross Says 'Rachel'", Stephen angrily tells Ross that consequently Emily has gone into hiding after escaping out of the bathroom window and now feels humiliated, but this doesn't stop Andrea from telling Ross in front of him that she thinks he (Ross) is "delicious". Andrea's final words onscreen are, to Ross, "Call me." Stephen's final words onscreen, to Andrea in response to her flirting with Ross, are "You spend half your life in the bathroom-why don't you ever go out the bloody window?!"
Introduced in season 5.
Mr. Zelner.
Mr. Zelner (Steve Ireland): an executive at Polo Ralph Lauren, who interviews Rachel while at the same time finding her quirks hard to deal with in "The One with Rachel's Inadvertent Kiss". After Rachel is promoted in Season 7, he becomes a recurring character. In "The One with Princess Consuela", he fires Rachel after overhearing her interview with a Gucci representative. Ross tries to get Rachel her job back by bribing Zelner: Zelner has a son called Ross who likes dinosaurs. Ross says his name is "Ron", shocked to hear that Zelner's son is called Ross. 
Kim.
Kim (Joanna Gleason): a co-worker of Rachel's at Polo Ralph Lauren. In "The One Where Rachel Smokes", Rachel thinks she is missing out on important decisions, as they are always made when Kim goes on a smoking break. She tries to take up smoking so she can stay in the loop but is unsuccessful when Kim, initially bewildered by Rachel's wacky behaviour throughout her attempts to join her while she is smoking, threatens to fire her if she keeps damaging her health. Later, Kim thinks Rachel kissed Ralph Lauren in order to take her job, when it was really Phoebe who kissed "Kenny the copy guy". After unsuccessfully trying to deny the affair, Rachel pretends Ralph dumped her. Kim believes her when she sees what she thinks is a cold look from Ralph (appearing as himself) in the elevator.
Introduced in season 6.
NOTE: All characters who were introduced in this season have not re-appeared in further seasons. Consequently, they are listed in #Only in season 6.
Introduced in season 7.
Tag Jones.
Thomas "Tag" Jones (Eddie Cahill): Rachel's inexperienced but attractive new assistant at Polo Ralph Lauren, whom she hires after being promoted, not because he is the best choice for the job but because she is smitten with him, bemusing him with her daft behaviour around him. After he eventually becomes smitten with her also, they try to keep their relationship a secret from Zelner; otherwise, Tag's employment would be a conflict of interest. In "The One Where They All Turn Thirty", Rachel breaks up with Tag when she realizes that he is too young and immature for her to be dating if she intends to follow her marriage schedule. He reappears in "The One with the Red Sweater" in season eight, when Phoebe thinks he is the father of Rachel's unborn baby. He tells Rachel that he has matured a lot since their break-up and wants to get back together with her, but is scared away when he finds out she is pregnant by someone else. He later meets up with Ross—who is the real father, and is wearing the same kind of red sweater.
Charles Bing/Helena Handbasket.
Charles Bing/Helena Handbasket (Kathleen Turner): Chandler's drag-queen father and Nora's ex-husband, regularly referred to and an unseen character in previous seasons. Determined to invite him to their wedding in "The One with Chandler's Dad", Monica drags Chandler to Charles' burlesque show in Las Vegas, where he is seen for the first time, performing under the name "Helena Handbasket". Chandler invites him to the wedding, and he and Nora walk Chandler down the aisle in "The One with Monica and Chandler's Wedding, Part 1". He does not appear at the reception in "The One After 'I Do'", though a deleted scene reveals he is upstairs crying after his dress is ruined because Joey idiotically hugged him while wearing a soldier's uniform from the acting studio he had returned from on his way to the wedding and consequently got fake blood on it.
Introduced in season 8.
Emma.
Emma Geller-Green (Cali Sheldon & Noelle Sheldon): Rachel and Ross' baby girl. "Emma" was the name Monica had originally chosen for her future daughter since she was 14, but she gives the name to Rachel. (Originally Emma was to be called Isabella; however, Rachel ends up in tears deciding that this was not her name. With only one name left, Delilah, Rachel says, "Oh great! She sounds like a biblical whore." Monica then gives her "Emma", conceding that ""Nothing" goes with 'Bing', so I'm screwed.")
Introduced in season 9.
Mike Hannigan.
Michael "Mike" Hannigan (Paul Rudd): Phoebe's boyfriend and later husband: in "The One with the Pediatrician" (airdate October 10, 2002; Season 9, No. 3), Joey and Phoebe decide to go on a double date, promising to fix each other up with blind dates. However, Joey forgets about Phoebe's date, and wanting to prevent her from discovering this when she enquires about the name of the man he has fixed her up with, he pretends that someone called "Mike" will be her date. He then enters the coffee shop and desperately yells "Mike!" Mike Hannigan replies and is roped into the date, which does not go well as Joey accidentally makes it clear that he doesn't actually know who Mike is, and consequently upsets Phoebe, turning off his own blind date in the process. Mike feels sorry for Phoebe as he watches her leave and when he spots her again in the coffee shop the next day, he speaks to her and explains that he allowed himself to be roped into the date "because I was told that I'd get a free dinner-which I didn't-and that I'd meet a pretty girl-which I did." A flattered Phoebe does not turn him down when he asks her out on a second date, which is equally bad thanks to Ross, who accidentally upsets Phoebe before it can begin, causing her to spend rather a lot of the night crying on Mike's shoulder. Ross goes to Mike's house and tries to explain to him that he had accidentally upset Phoebe, which sets off a chain of ridiculous events that result in Mike ultimately deciding he still has feelings for Phoebe, and eventually, they decide to move in together; Phoebe suggests that one day they could get married but he tells her that, after his messy divorce, he never wants to get married again, which results in them breaking up. Emotionally unable to be apart from each other, they reconcile in "The One with the Memorial Service" (airdate March 13, 2003; Season 9, No. 17). In "The One in Barbados, Part 1", he proposes to her at the same time as David. She turns both of them down but tells David that Mike is the man she wants to be with. Subsequently, Mike has to break up with Precious (Anne Dudek), the girl he has been seeing since breaking up with Phoebe, but he gets Phoebe (who annoys Precious by calling her "Susie") to get Precious to dump "him" instead. In "The One Where Rachel's Sister Babysits" (airdate October 30, 2003; Season 10, No. 5), he proposes to her, and they are married soon after by Joey. When Phoebe briefly changes her name to "Princess Consuela Bananahammock", he suggests changing his name to "Crap Bag" making her change it back. He makes a brief appearance in "The Last One", bringing over a "Welcome to the World, Baby Bing" banner to Monica and Chandler's.
Theodore and Bitsy Hannigan.
Theodore and Bitsy Hannigan (Gregory Itzin and Cristine Rose): Mike's rich, haughty parents. He introduces Phoebe to them, and soon after they make it clear that they do not approve of Phoebe due to being both irritated and bewildered by her eccentric quirks, but Mike defies them and declares his love for her in front of his parents and their two "sinfully boring" friends (who are likewise bemused by the eccentric quirks of Phoebe). They later meet Joey, who confuses and bemuses them with his comments about how nice it is that "their little ones are growing up" (Phoebe had told him he was "like a dad" to her) and later attend the wedding in "The One with Phoebe's Wedding".
Amy Green.
Amy Green (Christina Applegate): one of Rachel's two sisters, who first appears in "The One with Rachel's Other Sister" (airdate November 21, 2002; Season 9, No. 8). She arrives at Monica and Chandler's for Thanksgiving dinner, where she is annoyed that she would not get custody of Emma if Rachel and Ross died. A very unpleasant, crude, brazen, abrasive, amoral, materialistic and utterly unlikeable bully who couldn't care less about other people's feelings, she greatly irritates the friends with her cruelly honest opinions of them and selfish, self-absorbed attitude, though seems a little afraid of Monica, convinced that she's crazy (after witnessing Monica's bizarre rules when it comes to eating off of the china plates she had bought). When Rachel and Amy later have a fight after the former feels the latter has insulted Emma, which results in them accidentally breaking one of Monica's plates (causing her to pass out) Chandler (on the one and only occasion where one of Rachel's friends ever made a successful attempt to stand up to Amy) angrily scolds them as a father would do-and then bemuses them both first by telling them that "that fight was totally arousing" and then accidentally breaking the rest of Monica's plates.
Amy appears again in "The One Where Rachel's Sister Babysits", where she tells Rachel that she plans to marry her ex-boyfriend's father, who is rich. Rachel tries to teach her responsibility by letting her babysit Emma (who Amy calls 'Ella', insisting it's prettier), and tries to convince her to stop being so selfish and do something nice for another person. Eventually, Amy decides to take Rachel's advice and do something nice for Emma. Only trouble is, the utterly self-absorbed and self-centred Amy decides to get Emma's ears pierced.
Although Amy, like her father Leonard, was a deliberately unpleasant and unlikeable character, the comic relief she provided caused her to, again like her father Leonard, become memorable as a character that fans "loved to hate." Applegate won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her appearance in "The One with Rachel's Other Sister" and was nominated again for her appearance in "The One Where Rachel's Sister Babysits".
Charlie Wheeler.
Charlie Wheeler (Aisha Tyler): an attractive paleontology professor whom Ross falls for in "The One with the Soap Opera Party" (airdate April 24, 2003; Season 9, No. 20). He plans to ask her out, but is too late when she gets together with Joey instead. Initially angry, he eventually accepts Joey and Charlie's relationship and helps Joey come up with intelligent places to take her on dates in "The One with the Fertility Test". At Ross's conference in "The One in Barbados", Charlie tells Joey that they have nothing in common and breaks up with him. She and Ross then get together. In "The One with Ross's Grant" (airdate November 6, 2003; Season 10, No. 6), she breaks up with Ross and gets back together with her old flame, Dr. Benjamin Hobart (Greg Kinnear).
The character of Charlie was created to specifically counter criticism the "Friends" production staff had received for featuring too few characters played by ethnic minority actors. Aisha Tyler was only the second major supporting character to be played by a black actress, following Gabrielle Union's appearance as Kristen Lang in "The One with the Cheap Wedding Dress" (airdate March 15, 2001; Season 7, No. 17). The role was not specifically written for a black actor. Tyler told the "St Petersburg Times", "I hope frustration over [the lack of diversity is tempered by the fact that when they wrote this role, they didn't wimp out. They wrote her so smart and sexy and elevated, she wasn't just the black girl on "Friends"."
Introduced in season 10.
Erica.
Erica (Anna Faris): a young girl from Cincinnati who decides to let Monica and Chandler adopt her baby in "The One with the Birth Mother" (airdate January 8, 2004; Season 10, No. 9). She visits New York in "The One Where Joey Speaks French" and sees the tourist sites with Monica and Chandler. She goes into labor at the end of "The One with Rachel's Going Away Party" and gives birth to twins Erica and Jack in "The Last One."
Jack and Erica Bing.
Jack and Erica Bing—the adopted son and daughter of Monica and Chandler, born in "The Last One." It is revealed that Monica and Chandler didn't know they would be having twins until they were born. Chandler suggests giving one of them up but Monica refuses, saying, "We can't split them up. They're our children and they're coming with us." Erica is named after her birth mother, and Jack is named after Monica and Ross' dad, Jack Geller.
Missy Goldberg.
Missy Goldberg (Ellen Pompeo): a woman from Ross' and Chandler's college, at which they both made a pact to not ask her out so it would not damage their friendship, introduced in "The One Where the Stripper Cries" (airdate February 5, 2004; Season 10, No. 11). At a reunion, Chandler gives Ross permission to break the pact, now that he is married, where it is revealed that Chandler and Missy made out numerous times during college after school hours in the school's science labs, which Ross calls his "turf".
Benjamin Hobart.
Benjamin Hobart (Greg Kinnear): Nobel Prize–winning paleontologist and ex-boyfriend of Ross' girlfriend Charlie Wheeler, introduced in "The One with Ross's Grant". After seeing Charlie again for the first time in an apparently long while and meeting Ross for the first time (who bemuses him with ridiculous comments) he eventually confesses to Ross he is still in love with her and then unsuccessfully tries to persuade Ross to break up with her. When Ross refuses, Benjamin comes to resent him and displays this resentment by asking utterly ridiculous questions at the grant interview. He and Charlie eventually get back together, after Ross makes him confess his actions in front of her.
Amanda Buffamonteezi.
Amanda Buffamonteezi (Jennifer Coolidge): an annoying lady who used to live in the building before moving to England. She picks up a fake English accent and claims to have slept with Evel Knievel. Her inflated ego and utterly self-absorbed attitude cause Monica and Phoebe to find her insufferable, but since they do not want to hurt the nonetheless good-natured Amanda's feelings, they agree to meet up with her in the coffee shop after Chandler ruins their original plan not to take any of her phone calls by doing exactly that and informing her that they are in the house with him, and then bemuses her by informing her that he takes pedicures before handing the phone to Monica.
Roy.
Roy (Danny DeVito): a stripper in "The One Where the Stripper Cries", who is hired for Phoebe's bachelorette party at the last minute after she expresses disappointment that the party isn't "dirtier". Put under pressure to quickly hire a stripper by Phoebe (who had forgotten to ask them to hire one prior to when the party actually began) they look through the phone book and call the first stripper whose number they discover, asking him to quickly arrive at Monica's apartment where the party is taking place. When he turns up, the girls are surprised to see that he is at least 50 years old, but also delusional about his physical appearance, as he clearly has trouble accepting the fact that he has not aged gracefully and is not physically appealing to women anymore. When he sees that Phoebe isn't enjoying his performance he gets annoyed, particularly when she claims while cringing that "this is how (she) looks when (she's) turned on." They have an argument over whether or not he should be paid for arriving after a rather difficult and rushed journey to the apartment on his part, and when she refuses to allow a sympathetic Rachel and Monica to pay him and also insults him, the sensitive stripper gets upset and cries as he is forced to accept the fact that he is no longer physically attractive, but stripping is all he knows. In her guilt, Phoebe comforts him and tells him that he should teach stripping instead. At her insistence, he then performs one last time for the party.
Mackenzie.
Mackenzie (Dakota Fanning): the daughter of the current residents of the house Monica and Chandler buy. She winds up helping Joey deal with his anxiety about Chandler and Monica's moving out of the city. As a bit of revenge for Joey's overanxious behavior, Monica and Chandler briefly pretend that Mackenzie is a ghost.
Characters appearing in only one season.
Each of the following characters of "Friends", portrayed by a celebrity, may or may not be particularly significant to the story of the series; each "appeared in only one season".
Only in season 1.
Joseph Tribbiani, Sr., and Gloria Tribbiani.
In "The One with the Boobies" (airdate January 19, 1995; Season 1, No. 13), Joey finds out that his father, Joey Sr. (Robert Costanzo), is having an affair with another woman, Ronni (Lee Garlington). Joey (the son) tries to set things right, but Gloria (Brenda Vaccaro), Joey's mother, who secretly knew about the affair all along, makes Joey change it back because her husband's been unusually nice to her since he started cheating on her.
Though Joey's parents do not appear on the show again, Joey Sr. later makes an appearance on the spin-off series "Joey", making Costanzo the only actor, besides Matt LeBlanc, to reprise his role from "Friends" on the series
Drs. Michael Mitchell and Jeffrey Rosen.
Drs. Michael Mitchell (George Clooney) and Jeffrey Rosen (Noah Wyle): Two doctors whom Rachel and Monica meet at a hospital, then go on a date with, with Monica and Rachel pretending to be each other for health insurance purposes—eventually causing things to go wild. Dr. Mitchell later saves the life of Ross's monkey, Marcel, who swallows alphabet tiles of Scrabble that nearly chokes him to death.
Jill Goodacre Connick.
Jill Goodacre Connick (herself) gets trapped with Chandler in an ATM vestibule in "The One with the Blackout". Chandler uses her cell phone to tell Joey and the others, engages in awkward conversion with her, and finally lets her play a "spin the phone pen over your head" game with him.
Alan.
Alan (Geoffrey Lower) is Monica's boyfriend in "The One with the Thumb". Everyone likes him more than Monica does. At the end of the episode Monica breaks up with him, and has the break-up talk with the other friends as if they broke up with him, too.
Lydia.
Lydia (Leah Remini): a single mother-to-be whose childbirth Joey assists before going to see Carol give birth to Ben. Remini had originally auditioned for the role of Monica.
Only in season 2.
Caroline Duffy.
Caroline Duffy (Lea Thompson): a cartoonist. Reprising her role from "Caroline in the City", she talks with Joey and Chandler—seeing them with Ben and consequently thinking them to be lovers—in "The One with the Baby on the Bus".
Eddie Manoick.
Eddie Manoick (Adam Goldberg): a temporary roommate of Chandler. After Joey, having landed the recurring role Dr. Drake Ramoray on "Days of Our Lives", moves into his own apartment, Chandler gets a new roommate. Eddie and Chandler have nothing in common; Eddie hates "Baywatch", foosball, and sports in general, and likes to steal mannequins from Macy's and dehydrate fruit. In "The One Where Dr. Ramoray Dies", he suspects Chandler of both having sex with his ex-girlfriend Tilly and killing his goldfish, so spites him by stealing his insoles. Later he forgets these events, but Chandler wants him out after learning that Eddie watches him sleep. Eddie agrees to leave but later denies the conversation took place; he also claims that he and Chandler once took a trip to Las Vegas and genuinely believes it to have happened, confirming Chandler's suspicion that he is mentally ill. Chandler allows Joey to move back in; they move Eddie's stuff out into the hall and pretend they have never met him. The madman falls for their bluff and leaves. He is never seen again afterwards.
Adam Goldberg later appeared in the second season of "Joey" as a different character.
Rob Donnan.
Rob Donnan (Chris Isaak): Rob asks Phoebe to sing for the children at a library, but their parents are horrified by her morbidly honest lyrics. However, the kids like the songs and come to the café to listen to her.
Zoo staffs.
Zoo Administrator (Fred Willard) of the zoo Ross sent Marcel to after Marcel started humping everything. When Marcel is kidnapped and forced into show business, he and the rest of the zoo staff decide to cover up the break-in out of fear of bad publicity, and when Ross enters the zoo with the intention of paying Marcel a visit, he lies and informs Ross that Marcel has died. Ross later learns the truth about what happened to Marcel from the Zoo Janitor (Dan Castelanetta), a highly eccentric man with a strange fascination for the animals in the zoo.
Susie Moss.
Susie "Underpants" Moss (Julia Roberts): an old childhood friend of Chandler, who's working on the production of a movie, and with whom Chandler has a colored history: when they were in elementary school, Chandler pulled up Susie's skirt when she was on stage, revealing her underwear to the entire school, and she never lived it down until she graduated high school. They arrange a date, Chandler unsuspecting that it is a plot to get revenge. After convincing him to wear her panties, Susie takes him out to dinner, undresses him in the men's room, and takes off with his clothes—leaving him in a bathroom stall wearing nothing but her panties. She is never seen again afterwards.
Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Jean-Claude Van Damme (himself): an actor in the movie Susie's producing, whom Rachel and Monica compete for his attention. This creates tension between them, as they both argue over who should get to date him. They both dump him when he, catching on to their rivalry, tries to convince them to have a threesome with Drew Barrymore. He is last seen being greatly irritated by Joey's stupidity while trying to act alongside him, along with everyone else on the studio set.
Erika Ford.
Erika Ford (Brooke Shields): a mentally ill stalker who thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Ramoray, the character he plays on "Days of our Lives". Despite this, Joey goes on a date with her. She dumps him when she suspects "Drake" is cheating on her with another woman (actually another character in the soap opera). He tries to explain that "It's a TV show!" and "I'm not "Drake!"", but she doesn't understand, so Ross tells her Joey's "Hans Ramoray", Drake's "evil twin"—and Joey tells her to go to Salem to find the "real" Drake Ramoray. She is never seen again afterwards.
Ryan.
Ryan (Charlie Sheen) arrives in New York on leave from the Navy to see Phoebe, who has chicken pox at the time. He is bewildered to see Phoebe covering her head with a scarf, trying to disguise the fact that she has chicken pox; eventually convincing her to admit this to him, he decides he can't stand to be apart from her and consequently catches chicken pox off of her and they both spend the rest of the time sick and trying to not scratch at the sores.
Duncan.
Duncan (Steve Zahn) is a Canadian ice dancer that Phoebe married in order to allow him to get a green card. While Phoebe believed him to be homosexual, he returned to ask Phoebe for a divorce because he has realized he is straight and has proposed to another woman. After witnessing and being bewildered by Rachel's antics with a pigeon (after she trapped it inside a saucepan), he admits to Phoebe the truth about his sexuality.
Only in season 3.
Chloe.
Chloe (Angela Featherstone): "The girl from the copy place", with whom Ross drunkenly sleeps with while mistakenly thinking his relationship with Rachel was over. She is mentioned twice in "The One with the Jam". Ross quickly tries to usher her out of his apartment in "The One with the Morning After".
Pete Becker.
Pete Becker (Jon Favreau): a computer software genius and multi-millionaire. Pete tips Monica $20,000 at the Moondance diner in "The One with the Hypnosis Tape", which she assumes is a joke. He asks her out on a date and takes her to Rome. They start seeing each other but initially break up because Monica isn't attracted to him. They reconcile after Monica kisses him when he offers her a job in his restaurant (which she turns down), and then realizes that she is attracted to him after all. Monica thinks he is going to propose in "The One with Ross's Thing" (airdate May 1, 1997; Season 3, No. 23); instead, he tells her he wants to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion. He gets badly beaten by Tank Abbott, and Monica ends it with him after he refuses to quit.
The character of Pete was conceived as "a Bill Gates billionaire genius scientist-type" whom Monica was not attracted to. The producers and casting director had difficulty finding an actor to play Pete as they wanted, "someone who was appealing enough that we liked him, so we could root for him, but on the other hand, wasn't so drop-dead male model gorgeous that we would go, 'What's your problem?' to Monica when she didn't fall for him."
Kate Miller.
Kate Miller (Dina Meyer): Joey's co-star in the play "Boxing Day". Joey falls for her, and she sleeps with him ... but she fails to see any attraction in him and is already dating the director. The play turns out to be dismal, and after the director dumps her she gets together with Joey in "The One with the Screamer". Joey is distraught when she leaves for a soap opera role in Los Angeles. In the episode "The One in Barbados (1)", Joey and Rachel, in hope of getting into the Pharmaceutical convention, use fake IDs in which one of the names is "Kate Miller".
Marshall Townend.
Marshall Townend (Reg Rogers): the overly dramatic, self-absorbed director of "Boxing Day", who is dating Kate. He and everyone else involved in making the play (apart from Lauren) are said to have made fun of Joey after Kate recognized him as a man on TV who was too idiotic to be able to open up a milk carton. He later dumps Kate after she (and the play) gets a bad review.
Lauren.
Lauren (Jennifer Milmore): Kate's understudy in "Boxing Day". She is a big fan of Joey from his role as Dr. Drake Ramoray, and ends up sleeping with him. Joey dumps her after sleeping with Kate, and although she is initially upset (calling him "pig"), she later seems to be fine with him. She takes over the role of "Adrienne" in the play after Kate leaves for Los Angeles.
Tommy (The Screamer).
Tommy "the Screamer" (Ben Stiller): an aggressive, testosterone-fuelled bully who takes his pent-up rage out on anyone who irritates him in the slightest way by viciously screaming at them, in an episode fittingly titled "The One With The Screamer." He was briefly in a relationship with Rachel, doing well throughout this period of time to hide his aforementioned pent-up rage from her, with Ross being the only witness to it after seeing him screaming at an elderly couple who were accidentally in his and Ross' seats shortly after they first met at the theatre, and he later screams at Ross just because the latter almost spilt hot coffee on him. Frightening and intimidating people in this manner apparently amuses Tommy, who appears to be in a good mood after screaming at both Ross and the elderly couple. Ross tries to warn Rachel of what a bully Tommy is, but she doesn't believe him, assuming he's just making up the stories regarding Tommy's outbursts of anger in order to split them up so he can have Rachel all to himself (and considering that Tommy had learned of Ross' past with Rachel and witnessed how awkward they were around each other to his own bemusement, it is likely that he guessed after witnessing this that she would jump to this conclusion if Ross ever tried to warn her what a bully Tommy really was). However, his aggressive true colours are exposed to Rachel after she, Monica, Phoebe, Chandler and Ross witness him lose his temper after Joey and Chandler's pet baby chicken urinates in his hand and, unable to keep his anger in check, he screams at both it and their pet duck when its quacking irritates him further. Accepting to his own chagrin that she and the others are now afraid of him, he breaks up with her before leaving and is never seen again afterwards.
Isabella Rossellini.
Isabella Rossellini (herself) got bumped off of Ross's "freebie list": Ross and Rachel compile lists, each of 5 people (celebrities) one can have sex with without incurring the other's wrath. Ross bumps Rossellini for Winona Ryder—because the latter isn't "international" like Isabella—only to see Rossellini herself enter the coffee house. Rachel encourages Ross to pursue her as an "alternate", knowing he'll get shot down for his efforts after bemusing her with his quirks. She is never seen again afterwards.
Tomas and Tim.
Tomas (Robin Williams) and Tim (Billy Crystal): two strangers at the coffee shop. Appearing at the beginning of "The One with the Ultimate Fighting Champion", they perform an otherwise pointless cameo/skit performance while sitting on the group's sofa at Central Perk. They are not mentioned in the credits. Tomas begins by asking the friends to move over to make room for the pair which they do. Then Tomas complains to Tim about how he thinks his wife is cheating on him with her gynaecologist. The friends stop trying to have their own conversation and eavesdrop. Eventually Tim reveals how he's sleeping with Tomas' wife causing Joey to rather crassly interrupt their discussion to ask if Tim is the gynaecologist Tomas was earlier referring to, only for an irritated Tim to tell him to mind his own business. Bursting into tears as he absorbs the fact that Tim has been sleeping with his wife, Tomas starts shouting at and insulting Tim, and ends their friendship before leaving the shop in a loud fury, followed by Tim, who gives the six shocked, bewildered friends one last embarrassed, apologetic look before he leaves.
Only in season 4.
Kathy.
Kathy (Paget Brewster): Joey's girlfriend, introduced in "The One with Joey's New Girlfriend" (airdate October 30, 1997; Season 4, No. 5), with whom he has nothing in common apart from both being actors. A mutual attraction develops between Kathy and Chandler, which manifests as a kiss; after Joey finds out, Kathy decides to leave New York for Chicago, and declares her love to Chandler. Initially outraged at Chandler's betrayal, Joey has a change of heart after Kathy's speech, and she and Chandler get together. Although Chandler was initially uncomfortable about the possibility of their relationship becoming sexual as he would be directly compared to Joey, Monica and Rachel were able to give Chandler some pointers. She later sleeps with a co-star and Chandler dumps her (Although there is evidence that she actually only slept with the co-star "after" Chandler broke up with her).
When Paget Brewster arrived for her audition, she believed she was the "runty alternate" and did not have a chance of getting the part. Matthew Perry later told her that the producers knew she was right for the role when she called herself a "runt". She spent her first two weeks working on the show believing that she would be fired and the part recast with a better looking actress. Brewster did not want Kathy to be written out by cheating on Chandler. The female stars agreed with her and tried to persuade the producers to have Kathy tour in a play instead.
Charlton Heston.
Charlton Heston (himself): actor in a movie with Joey. Joey reeks from spending a day fishing without showering after, so he uses Heston's shower—only to be caught by Heston. Joey tries to explain that he "stinks"—which Heston infers to refer to his acting, not his smell—and Heston gives Joey an actor's pep talk before telling him that "no matter how badly you "think" you stink, you must "never" break into "my dressing room" and use "my shower!""
The Salesman.
The Salesman (Penn Jillette) sells encyclopedias and attempts to sell one to Joey, finding his stupidity hard to deal with while negotiating with him. He eventually decides he can only sell Joey "one volume" because Joey has only $50; Joey buys the "V" volume, because it's the one he's reading at the time.
Cheryl.
Cheryl (Rebecca Romijn): a woman whom Ross dates, only to find that she keeps an incredibly filthy apartment overrun with rats and fleas, yet finds Ross's own apartment disgusting due to a "weird smell", which Ross suspects is soap. He attempts to form a relationship with her, but cannot after being covered with ink and meat whilst making out with her. After Ross ends it with Cheryl, Monica arrives at the apartment asking to clean it as she can't sleep thinking about it.
Joshua Burgin.
Joshua Burgin (Tate Donovan): a recently divorced customer who regularly uses Rachel as a personal shopper at Bloomingdale's. They start dating but break up in "The One with All the Wedding Dresses" (airdate April 16, 1998; Season 4, No. 20) when he thinks the relationship is moving too fast. Joshua appeared at the same time that Jennifer Aniston and Tate Donovan were dating each other in real life.
Chip Matthews.
Chip Matthews (Dan Gauthier): A man who many years prior to the events of the show had attended the same high school as Rachel, Monica and Ross; although he was outwardly friendly and charismatic enough to become the most popular guy in the high school, he is depicted as being an inwardly selfish, careless and unpleasant person who emotionally hurts and plays immature pranks on other people. His first appearance is a very brief cameo in "The One with the Prom Video" (airdate February 1, 1996; Season 2, No. 14) as Rachel's senior prom date; in this episode he is played by an unknown, uncredited actor and his face is not seen on screen. He fully appears in the episode "The One with the Cat" (airdate October 2, 1997; Season 4, No. 2), where it is revealed that Monica always had a crush on Chip and was saddened by the fact that he would never date her for her obesity throughout her teenage years, even despite the fact that he abandoned and cheated on Rachel at the prom; apparently, she couldn't find him for two hours because he was having sex with a girl named Amy Welch. Monica and Chip meet again and, seeing that she has lost a lot of weight since he saw her last and is now a very attractive woman, Chip asks her out, much to her delight as she still has a crush on him. Rachel is upset when she learns that Monica intends to date the man who once cheated on her, but she eventually allows this to happen out of sympathy for her formerly obese friend. She does however react coldly when she answers the door to him when he arrives to pick up Monica, and asks him, "So Chip, how's Amy Welch?", to which he replies, "Amy Welch? Wow, I haven't seen her since..." He then becomes embarrassed and quickly changes the subject. Monica's dream is soon shattered when she realizes that not only is Chip every bit as inwardly unpleasant as he was back in high school, he has reached no level of maturity and done nothing to better himself since then; as it becomes clearer and clearer to her that mentally, he is still a teenager, she asks him if he still lives with his parents, to which he replies "Yeah, but I can stay out as late as I want." Finally seeing him for the selfish, immature loser he always was, Monica shows for the first time accurate insight into Chip when she later tells Rachel "You know how I always wanted to go out with Chip Matthews in high school? Well tonight, I actually "did" go out with Chip Matthews in high school." She finds happiness however, in the fact that she got to "dump" "Chip Matthews in high school."
Mr. Waltham.
Mr. Waltham (Paxton Whitehead): Rachel's boss in season 4, who appears in "The One with Rachel's Crush" and "The One with Joey's Dirty Day".
Sarah, Duchess of York.
Sarah, Duchess of York (herself): Sarah makes a cameo appearance with Joey on his video camera, in "The One with Ross's Wedding".
Dr. Tim Burke.
Dr. Tim Burke (Michael Vartan): Richard Burke's son. Monica, who has an ice chip in her eye while she is taking out the turkey from the freezer, meets him. He is invited to share the Thanksgiving dinner in "The One With Chandler In A Box". Eventually, after they kiss, they both realize that dating each other is a mistake, as Monica compares Tim to his father Richard, while Tim metaphorizes the kiss as if he were kissing his own mother.
Only in season 5.
Danny.
Danny (né Daniel) (George Newbern): a man who has been on an around-the-world trip and returns in "The One with the Yeti". Rachel and Monica encounter the bearded man in the basement of their building and think he is a Yeti. Rachel is attracted to him but plays hard-to-get by pretending not to be interested in a housewarming party he is throwing. They eventually get together, but Rachel dumps him when she discovers he has a "special bond" with his sister.
Katie.
Katie (Soleil Moon Frye): An extremely (and constantly) energetic girl who Joey dates in "The One with the Girl Who Hits Joey". As the episode name suggests, she's a woman whose play-punches are all-too-hard. A seemingly nice person nonetheless, she appears to like Joey a lot, apparently bemused but also highly amused by wacky antics from him such as "breadstick fangs" but she's so energetic that whenever she playfully punches him on the arm she accidentally hurts him, but seems to be oblivious to this. When Joey actually tells her, she, presumably because of the ridiculous way in which he describes the fact that she's hurting him to her, mistakenly thinks he's only joking. Joey eventually decides he wants to break up with her as a result, but worries about hard she will hit him if he in the process of doing so upsets her, but Rachel gives him an easy way out when she retaliates in anger after Katie playfully punches her and accidentally hurts her also by kicking Katie's ankle, and when Joey refuses to stick up for Katie upon witnessing this she, as he had hoped, breaks up with him and leaves. She is never seen again afterwards.
Dr. Donald Ledbetter.
Dr. Donald Ledbetter (Michael Ensign): Ross's boss at the museum. After he eats Ross's leftover Thanksgiving turkey sandwich in "The One with Ross's Sandwich", Ross angrily shouts at him, and he puts Ross on sabbatical. He reappears in the tag scene of "The One Where Everybody Finds Out".
Gary.
Gary (Michael Rapaport): a cop who accidentally leaves his badge in Central Perk. Phoebe finds it and starts impersonating a police officer. He tracks her down and, not wanting the fact that he left his badge behind in a coffee shop to get out, decides not to arrest Phoebe and, feeling attracted to her, asks her out to dinner, and they start dating. He takes Ross, Joey and Chandler on a ride-along while at the same time being irritated by their quirks, and asks Phoebe to move in with him. She leaves him after he shoots a bird on his windowsill just because it was irritating him by chirping too loudly. He is never seen again after that.
Frank Buffay, Sr..
Frank Buffay, Sr. (Bob Balaban), Phoebe's father, who shows up at her grandmother's funeral looking for his late wife, Lily. His defense for abandoning Phoebe and Ursula is that "I was a terrible father", and he shares a "lullaby" he used to try to sing to them, which has a striking resemblance to Phoebe's "Smelly Cat".
Only in season 6.
Janine LaCroix.
Janine LaCroix (Elle Macpherson): Joey's female roommate after Chandler moves in with Monica. Joey places an ad for a new roommate in "The One Where Phoebe Runs"; attractive Australian dancer Janine applies and Joey immediately gives her the room without knowing anything else about her. She adds a feminine touch to the apartment by hanging pictures of babies, flowers, and babies dressed as flowers, which unnerves Joey—who senses that he's "becoming a woman". They get together during the recording of "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve", but break up after she reveals she does not like Monica and Chandler. She moves out soon after and is never seen again in the series.
The Judge.
The Judge (Conchata Ferrell) presides over the attempt of Ross and Rachel—who got married in Las Vegas while drunk—to get an annulment; she informs them that they have to get a divorce instead.
Jill Green.
Jill Green (Reese Witherspoon): one of Rachel's two sisters, who arrives at Monica and Chandler's in "The One with Rachel's Sister", thinking Rachel still lives there. Their father has cut off Jill's supply of money and sent her to stay with Rachel, "the only daughter he's ever been proud of." She is spoiled, a lot like her other sister Amy, but is a lot kinder towards Rachel and her friends. Rachel tries to train Jill in the ways of the world but Jill just buys expensive things. She dates Ross to spite Rachel and is occasionally bewildered by quirks from both of them but leaves in the subsequent episode. A reference is made to Jill in Season 10 when Amy reveals she has gotten fat.
Elizabeth Stevens.
Elizabeth Stevens (Alexandra Holden): one of Ross's students, whom he starts dating in "The One Where Ross Dates a Student", mistakenly believing it is not against university rules. In "The One with Joey's Fridge", Elizabeth heads to the beach with several guys for spring break;—jealous and worried, Ross follows her down there, appearing dancing with her on MTV. He breaks up with her in "The One with the Proposal, Part 1" when it becomes clear to him that she is too young for a serious relationship with him. She is never seen again in the series after that.
Paul Stevens.
Paul Stevens (Bruce Willis), Elizabeth's highly eccentric father, who takes an instant dislike to his daughter's boyfriend Ross, stating the reason for this as being the age gap between her and him. He is seemingly impossible for Ross to please and brazenly crude, rude and abrasive towards him. He eventually threatens to have Ross fired from the university unless he ends his relationship with Elizabeth, as Elizabeth is a student at the university and Ross will be sacked if it emerges he is in a relationship with one of his students. After she joins him for dinner to talk up Ross's good side, he and Rachel start dating, making him somewhat of a hypocrite as he is considerably older than she is. They go away to Paul's country cabin in "The One Where Paul's the Man", where Ross and Elizabeth have also gone. While hiding under the bed, Ross hears Paul talking to himself in the mirror and singing "Love Machine";—after Paul catches Ross trying to leave the cabin and threatens to have him fired, Ross implies he overheard the mirror shenanigans and will inform Rachel of this if Paul lets the university know about the relationship or continues attempting to interfere with it. Paul agrees out of embarrassment and fear, but still shows a grudge towards Ross in "The One with the Ring". Rachel feels that Paul is too secretive for her liking and attempts to get him to open up emotionally but does too good a job when in the midst of conjuring up past memories of his troubled childhood with her he starts crying and won't stop. He even asks Chandler to hug him at one point after Rachel has left the room, and then lifts Joey off of the floor while hugging him, too. Eventually pulling himself together, he apologizes to Rachel for overwhelming her with all his crying and they make up and have sex. But when he can't keep himself together afterwards and starts bawling again, she breaks up with him. He is never seen or mentioned again in the series after that.
Bruce Willis donated his appearance fee to five charities after losing a bet with his "The Whole Nine Yards" co-star Matthew Perry. He won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series for his role.
Only in season 7.
Erin.
Erin (Kristin Davis): a girl Joey has a would-be one-night stand with—except that Rachel and Phoebe don't have the heart to tell her he's not into a "serious relationship", so Joey is forced to date her again and again, until "she" decides to dump him, asking the girls to tell "him" she's not into a serious relationship.
Cecilia Munroe.
Cecilia Munroe (Susan Sarandon): an actress who portrays Jessica Lockhart on "Days of our Lives". In "Days of our Lives", Jessica dies, and Drake Ramoray, played by Joey, gets her brain, so he can awaken from his coma, a procedure Ross takes issue with on medical grounds. Jessica was famous for throwing drinks at people and slapping them. Her daughter, Dina, was seeing a man named Frederick, of whom she did not approve. She was thrown off a horse and onto an electric fence, an accident set up by Frederick and Dina.
After handing over the role of Jessica Lockhart to Joey, Cecilia Munroe sleeps with Joey causing minor hysteria for Rachel and Monica, who both are big fans of "Days". She then takes a role in Mexico, resulting in her and Joey breaking up and her disappearance from the show.
Cassie Geller.
Cassie Geller (Denise Richards): a cousin of Ross and Monica who comes up to stay with Monica and Chandler. As the little girl has grown into a supermodel, with mesmerizing hair, since they last saw her, Chandler can't stop staring at her beauty which requires her to stay at Ross's apartment instead. Ross can't help staring at her as well, and while watching a movie convinces himself that she "wants it" too. He makes a move, and Cassie's negative reaction leaves him speechless for what seems to him like an eternity. Finally, he says, "I—haven't had sex in a very long time," which leaves Cassie disgusted. Later on, Cassie moves on to Phoebe's apartment, but Phoebe has the same reaction as Chandler and Ross, and thinks she should ask her out as Cassie is not "her" cousin.
Melissa Warburton.
Melissa Warburton (Winona Ryder): one of Rachel's sorority sisters in college. During their senior year, Melissa and Rachel went to the Sigma Chi luau wearing coconut bikinis—and, after drinking too much sangria, went back to the house and ended up making out. Melissa fell in love with Rachel and never forgot that night, but Rachel never saw it as anything more than a wild college experience. Rachel runs into Melissa in Central Perk and they go out to dinner. When Rachel confronts Melissa about the kiss, she pretends to have no memory of it ever happening because she doesn't think Rachel will return her love. At the end of dinner, Rachel kisses her again to prove to Phoebe that she can do something crazy. Melissa takes this to mean that Rachel loves her back. She says that "nobody can kiss that good and not mean it", but Rachel says that she is just a good kisser. Melissa is extremely embarrassed and tries to act as if she was kidding, saying, "I'm not in love with you. I don't hear coconuts banging together. I don't picture your face when I make love to my boyfriend..." Melissa leaves, but not before asking for another kiss goodbye, which she doesn't get. She is never seen again after that.
Richard Crosby.
Richard Crosby (Gary Oldman): a pedantic actor with whom Joey shares scenes in a wartime drama, also from "The One with Monica and Chandler's Wedding" (he appears in parts 1 and 2). He gets a bad first impression of Joey when the latter irritates him by congratulating him for winning an Oscar he actually hadn't won. Crosby insists that real actors spit when they enunciate, resulting in both actors spitting on each other during takes, and being given towels by the crew afterwards. Crosby later shows up drunk for work, arousing concern as to whether Joey will complete his scenes in time to attend the wedding. For his performance, Oldman received a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series.
Only in season 8.
Mona.
Mona (Bonnie Somerville) first appears to Ross in "The One After 'I Do'" as a co-worker at Monica's restaurant. They later get reacquainted in "The One with Rachel's Date" (airdate October 25, 2001; Season 8, No. 5) and begin dating. Their relationship is troubled from the start due to Ross being the father of Rachel's baby; in "The One with the Stripper", Leonard Green calls her a "tramp" after Ross does not propose to Rachel, and Ross regularly forgets dates with her when Rachel has problems with the baby. They eventually break up in "The One with the Birthing Video" (airdate February 7, 2002; Season 8, No. 15) after Ross does not tell her that Rachel is moving in with him until the baby is born. In "The One with the Tea Leaves" (airdate March 7, 2002; Season 8, No. 17), Ross sneaks into her apartment to recover his "faded salmon color" shirt, which he left there, but has to hide when she arrives home with a date and is discovered when she and her date start making out and he tries to slip out; while Mona is angry with Ross at first, she softens visibly after he apologizes and implies she wouldn't mind getting back together with him, but Ross really only wanted his salmon shirt back, and leaves for good once she hands it over to him.
Dina Tribbiani.
Dina Tribbiani (Marla Sokoloff): Joey's sister, who tells Rachel, then Joey, that she's pregnant—having come to Rachel because Rachel herself is unmarried and pregnant at the time.
Dr. Long.
Dr. Long (Amanda Carlin): Rachel's obstetrician, who appears in five episodes of Season 8. She delivers the baby in "The One Where Rachel Has a Baby" after Rachel's extremely long labor.
Eric.
Eric (Sean Penn): Ursula Buffay's boyfriend, whom she brings to Monica's Halloween party in "The One with the Halloween Party" (airdate November 1, 2001; Season 8, No. 6). Phoebe is attracted to him but learns that Ursula has lied about herself in order to marry him. He dumps her between "The One with the Halloween Party" and "The One with the Stain" and tries to get together with Phoebe, but cannot stand to look at her as she reminds him of her sister. Penn got the role after he made several visits to the "Friends" set with his children, who were fans of the show.
Will Colbert.
Will Colbert (Brad Pitt): formerly overweight friend of Monica from Ross's class in high school with a grudge against Rachel. Monica invites him over for Thanksgiving dinner in "The One With The Rumor" (airdate November 22, 2001; Season 8, No. 9). Will has lost 150 pounds and now looks great—which makes Phoebe flirt with him. Here they find out that Will hates Rachel due to all the bullying he had suffered at her hands in high school and had co-founded the "I Hate Rachel Green Club" with Ross and spread rumors about her being a hermaphrodite. He is last seen looking bemused but amused when Joey enters the room wearing Phoebe's maternity pants (under the deluded belief that he would need to change into a new pair of pants to achieve his goal of eating an entire turkey all by himself). Pitt was married to Jennifer Aniston in real life at the time, and his given name is in fact "William".
Parker.
Parker (Alec Baldwin): an extremely (and constantly) energetic and optimistic man Phoebe meets at the dry cleaner in "The One with the Tea Leaves". He next appears in "The One in Massapequa" (airdate March 28, 2002; Season 8, No. 18), where he meets the other five friends and gives them a bad first impression of him with his habit of making a big fuss of everything, even the most trivial things, which they find annoying. At Jack and Judy Geller's anniversary party, which he is invited to as a guest by Phoebe, he drives everyone crazy by getting excited by anything and everything he sees. Phoebe overhears her friends making fun of Parker and, angered, scolds them. However, his habit of constantly making a big fuss of everything regardless of how trivial whatever it is he's complimenting is begins to irritate her as well after a while, and after they and everyone else in the room witness and are bewildered by an utterly ridiculous speech Monica gives to her parents she takes him back to her apartment and tries to get him to calm down by suggesting that they play a no-talking game, only for him to respond by saying "I lose, now (let's play) Jenga." Unable to listen to him anymore, Phoebe snaps and shouts at him, and when she angrily tells him she wants him to be "much less happy" he breaks up with her. His glee finally wavering, Parker angrily storms out of the room...but not for long, as he then returns, excited, to compliment the argument they just had. Although Parker is, in spite of his annoying nature, depicted as being an outwardly friendly and nice guy, his attitude towards his break-up with Phoebe shows that he never really cared about or took their relationship seriously even though she did before she began to find him annoying, implying that he was inwardly very selfish and also rather manipulative.
"Sick Bastard" and "Evil Bitch".
"Sick Bastard" (Jimmy Palumbo) and "Evil Bitch" (Debi Mazar), the couple who are having a child and with whom Rachel, who is waiting to have her baby delivered, shares a semi-private room. The woman is apparently in pain and deeply frustrated about it, and the fact that her perverted husband keeps leering at Rachel earns him the brunt of her frustrations. When Ross angrily threatens him after catching him doing it however, she sticks up for him by insulting Ross, apparently forgetting she had earlier berated him for exactly the same thing, presumably due to all the pain she's in. (The next "co-pregger" to share the room with is Janice, who is "also" taken to the delivery room before Rachel.)
Only in season 9.
Leonard Hayes.
Leonard Hayes (Jeff Goldblum), a director who thinks Joey doesn't act "urgent enough"; he gets a bad first impression of Joey when he mistakenly thinks the latter is making fun of him in their conversation shortly after they first meet, but quickly comes round when he realizes that Joey is actually complimenting him in his own way. When Joey does the audition while needing to urinate, Leonard is impressed by the newfound urgency in his performance, so the former drinks a lot of liquids in preparation for the second audition. All goes well in the aforementioned second audition—that is until Leonard, failing to realize that Joey needs to urinate, makes the mistake of telling him to "relax" causing him to wet his pants on the spot—to Leonard's chagrin.
Gavin Mitchell.
Gavin Mitchell (Dermot Mulroney), Rachel's temporary replacement at Polo Ralph Lauren. Zelner makes it known to Rachel that he likes Gavin, so Rachel ends her maternity leave early to compete with him in "The One Where Rachel Goes Back to Work" (airdate January 9, 2003; Season 9, No. 11). Their working relationship has improved by "The One with Phoebe's Rats", and they kiss at her birthday party. In "The One Where Monica Sings" (airdate January 30, 2003; Season 9, No. 13), Rachel tells Gavin that, although she likes him, a relationship would be difficult because of her history with Ross.
Steve.
Steve (Phill Lewis): Chandler's boss at his internship. Appears in "The One Where Rachel Goes Back to Work", "The One with the Mugging" and "The One with the Lottery", when he offers Chandler the job of junior copywriter.
Molly.
Molly (Melissa George): Emma's hot nanny, who Ross gets to hire since Rachel doesn't see it in her. When Joey sees her, his lady killer instinct kicks in. Ross tries to make Joey stay away from her when he flirts with her, which makes Joey want her more. Ross wants Chandler to watch Joey and make sure he doesn't go after Molly. When Ross is lecturing Joey there's a knock on the door and it's Molly's girlfriend. They kiss, and Ross no longer has a problem—although Joey's even more turned on by her lesbian status. Molly makes one more cameo appearance, in "The One Where Monica Sings" (airdate January 30, 2003; Season 9, No. 13).
Sandy.
Sandy (Freddie Prinze, Jr.): Emma's first nanny. After unsuccessfully interviewing several female nannies, both Ross and Rachel are surprised to see that Sandy is male. During the interview he wins Rachel over and she hires him despite Ross not being keen. Sandy proves himself to be highly competent, advising Ross and Rachel that toy dinosaurs he found in the apartment were not age-appropriate for Emma (only for Ross to tell him that they were his [Ross'] toys, causing a bemused Sandy to reply "Also not age-appropriate") and even educating the idiotic Joey with his techniques; however, he is let go after Ross can't get used to the idea of having a male nanny.
Zach.
Zach (John Stamos), a prospective sperm donor for Monica, who finds out that Chandler can't get her pregnant.
Wendy.
Wendy (Selma Blair), a co-worker of Chandler's in Tulsa, Oklahoma, who tries to seduce him when he's forced to spend Christmas there.
Only in season 10.
NOTE: Technically, characters who are introduced in this season belong in this section because this season is the final season of "Friends". However, they are in "#Introduced in season 10" for more convenient access.

</doc>
<doc id="5923640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923640" title="Jerry Brightman">
Jerry Brightman

Jerry Brightman (born 1953) is a pedal steel guitarist who played for Buck Owens and the The Buckaroos and featured on television's "Hee Haw" along with performing on many top 10 records with Buck, Susan Raye, Tony Booth, and others. Impressing audiences at an early age, he began playing professionally in 1966. After his run with the Buckaroos in 1975, he worked on the business side of the music industry, involved with starting the Jamboree in the Hills country music festival in Wheeling, West Virginia, and serving as general manager of the Saturday Night Jamboree radio program on WWVA from 1977-1982. He was also nominated for a position on the CMA Board of Directors. Jerry left the music business in 1982. In 2002, he returned to music and released his first solo CD "Back Again" and then a second titled, "Back Again, To the Country" in 2003 on Slidestation Productions. Major recording artists with Jerry appearing on include: Buck Owens, Susan Raye,Tony Booth, Arlo Guthrie, and David Frizzel. Jerry continues today with a management company for new artists along with concert productions and record producing.

</doc>
<doc id="5923644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923644" title="Sabinal">
Sabinal

Sabinal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923651" title="Martin Sandoval">
Martin Sandoval

Martin A. Sandoval is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the serving in the Senate since 2003.
Early life.
Sandoval was born in The Back of the Yards, a neighborhood on Chicago’s Southwest Side. He graduated from Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary South High School and went on to Loyola University, Chicago where he earned a bachelor’s degree in psychology.
Public service.
Sandoval’s career has included appointments to the U.S. Department of Defense, U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, and ten years at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. He was also a leader in various federal labor unions.
As a Federal Administrator at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Department of Defense, and the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs – Sandoval exercised strong financial management and strategic planning skills with impeccable professional ethics. Successfully implemented national programs, policies and regulations and had direct responsibility for managing the transparency, accountability and integrity of multi-million dollar federal procurement processes in the context of complex and politically sensitive environment.
In 1999, Sandoval was appointed as Commissioner to the Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago through Bipartisan appointment between then-Republican Governor George Ryan and then-Mayor Richard M. Daley. The Metropolitan Water Reclamation serves 5.1 million people, 124 suburban municipalities in addition to Chicago and the commercial/industrial equivalent of 4.5 million more by processing more than 1 billion gallons of waste water every day for an area of 872 square miles; the District owns and maintains seven treatment plants, including the largest waste water treatment plant in the world in Stickney; controls more than 76 miles of navigable waterways; and owns 547 miles of intercepting sewers and 94 miles of underground tunnels as part of the Tunnel and Reservoir Plan, the nation's largest public works program for flood control.
As Commissioner, Sandoval also chaired the District’s Committee on Engineering and the Committee on Public Health and Welfare, which provided policy and budget direction in the planning and design of the District’s complex, multi-million dollar infrastructure projects as well as security of all plant facilities. 
Sandoval approved the District's annual budget of $1.3 billion and provided ultimate managerial oversight of more than 2,300 employees.
He assisted in planning and approving the final completion of the Tunnel and Reservoir Plan (Deep Tunnel).
Sandoval participated in the strategic planning process to secure storm water management authority from the Illinois General Assembly for Cook County, the second largest county in the country.
Ensured the District maintained its excellent financial condition, reflected in its AAA bond rating and continuing awards from the Government Finance Officers Association.
He was reelected to that position in 2000.
Sandoval served as chairman on the District’s Committee of Engineering as well as the Committee on Public Health and Welfare. These committees provide policy and budgetary direction in the planning and design of the District’s construction projects as well as security of all plant facilities.
Sandoval continues to sponsor science fairs and provides resources to local schools. He serves on the board of Catholic Charities of Chicago, Advocate Bethany Hospital and the Save-A-Life Foundation.
Senate career.
Sandoval was elected in 2003 as state senator.
As senator, he has sponsored a bill to reduce harmful mercury emissions by requiring automobile manufacturers to establish a program to collect mercury switches out of used vehicles to be scrapped or recycled.
Sandoval supported increased funding for early detection of breast cancer. The increased funding would be used to help low-income and uninsured women get tested early for breast cancer.
One of Sandoval’s biggest priorities is education, so he has worked to secure more education funding for the students in his district who need new facilities to replace the overcrowded schools of the Southwest Side.
Sandoval questioned the work ethic of Governor Rod Blagojevich during the 2007 budget crisis, as Blagojevich returned to Chicago rather than staying in Springfield for the remainder of the session.
Sandoval is the Chairman of the Senate Transportation Committee and a member of Energy, Gaming, Agriculture and Licensed Activities Committees.
As Chairman of the Senate Transportation Committee, Sandoval provided leadership for the improvement of Illinois’ multi-faceted transportation system in coordination with Congressman Dan Lipinski, member of the US House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and former Republican Congressman and current Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood. These efforts resulted in continual accurate projections and effective planning of the state’s annual multi-year programs that establish far-reaching goals for transportation in Illinois.
Sandoval Authored one of the nation's first traffic safety laws that banned texting while driving.
Sandoval also secured $300 million for CREATE, $150 million for Amtrak improvements and $400 million for high-speed rail in the capital bond program in direct negotiations with President Cullerton and Speaker Madigan.
Personal life.
Senator Sandoval lives in the Gage Park neighborhood with his wife Marina, their twins Martin Jr. and Angie, and their daughter Jenny.

</doc>
<doc id="5923660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923660" title="Natty Dread Tour">
Natty Dread Tour

The Natty Dread Tour was a concert tour organised to support the album "Natty Dread" by Bob Marley & The Wailers.
The tour began in Miami, Florida, on June 5, 1975, and ended in Manchester, England, on July 20, 1975. In late June Marley did 14 shows in seven days at Paul's Mall in Boston. During the second tour leg in England the first live album Live! was recorded at the Lyceum Ballroom in London. Before the tour started Marley performed a concert along with Jackson Five in March in Kingston. After the tour Marley performed the Wonder Dream Concert, featuring Stevie Wonder and his old bandmates Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer.
While on the Natty Dread Tour Marley did his first performance outside Jamaica, England and the United States when playing the Massey Hall in Toronto, Canada.
Setlist.
The standard setlist of the tour mostly looked like the following:
All songs from the Natty Dread album had been performed at least once, except for "Revolution" (which was a standard song during the Uprising Tour in 1980). There were performances of two earlier songs which are not featured on any of Marley's Island albums released at that time: "Trenchtown Rock" and "Nice Time".
From show to show sometimes an additional song was edged in the middle of the setlist, like "No More Trouble", "Nice Time", "So Jah Seh", "Bend Down Low" and "Stir It Up". Live performances of each of these songs happened very rarely during the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5923676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923676" title="Veerabhadra (film)">
Veerabhadra (film)

Veerabhadra () is a Telugu film released on 29 April 2006 and was directed by "AS Ravi Kumar Chowdary". Balakrishna plays the lead role. For the first time, Tanushree Dutta appears in a Telugu film. Sada plays the Second Heroine in the movie.It met with negative reception and declared as flop".
Synopsis.
Murali (Balakrishna) is pursued by the brothers of Peddaraju (Sayaji Shinde), who is cooling his heels in jail. We are not told why they are look after him. Murali is the loving brother of a handicapped woman, whom he carries to the college everyday. Of course, Murali has fun escapades with a girl in his neighborhood (Sada). And slowly but surely we are let into the past of Murali and as to what happened between him and the arch villain. It had something to do with Peddaraju's sister (Tanushree Dutta). And in the end, all is well, and you know well.
Soundtrack.
The music was compiled by manisharma. Soundtrack was received well by the audience, especially the song Veeche Galulalo.

</doc>
<doc id="5923678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923678" title="David Mathenge">
David Mathenge

David Mathenge better known by his stage name Nameless, is a Kenyan pop artist.
Biography.
Mathenge was educated at Strathmore School, He rose to fame in 1999 through a star-search contest on Kenya's urban music station 98.4 Capital FM, which he won with his original song "Megarider." The song was about a penniless young man who is trying to seduce a woman but only has enough money for Kenya Bus tickets, and not the rich lifestyle she desires. He later recorded the track with producer Tedd Josiah and it went on to be hot on the charts for weeks. This was the turning point in his musical career. He went on to sign with the Ogopa Deejays label in 2001 and collaborated with artists such as the late E-Sir on "Boomba Train," and Amani on the regional hit "Ninanoki" in 2002 which broke Kenyan chart records by remaining nearly four months at number one. 
He has gone on to tour across the East African region and in the U.S.A and U.K. In 2004, he released his debut album "On Fire". In 2004, Mathenge married Ogopa Deejays label mate Wahu Kagwi. They have two daughters, Tumiso who was born in 2006, and Nyakio born in 2013. He is also an architect and graduated from the University of Nairobi.
South African pop group Jamali's wildly popular song "Maisha" was the subject so much controversy with allegations that Jamali had stolen the song from Nameless. The dispute was settled when Jamali released their CD/DVD of "Yours Fatally" and credited Nameless as one of the writers of "Maisha".
In August 2007, he appeared on the list of 100 most influential Kenyans as selected by "The Standard" newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="5923681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923681" title="Twinkle (software)">
Twinkle (software)

Twinkle is a free and open source software application for Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) voice communications in IP networks, such as the Internet. It is designed for GNU/Linux operating systems and uses the Qt toolkit for its graphical user interface. For call signaling it employs the Session Initiation Protocol (SIP). It also features direct IP-to-IP calls. Media streams are transmitted via the Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP) which may be encrypted with the Secure Real-time Transport Protocol (SRTP) and the ZRTP security protocols.
Since version 1.3.2 (September 2008), Twinkle supports message exchange and a "buddy-list" feature for presence notification, showing the online-status of predefined communications partners (provider-support needed).

</doc>
<doc id="5923687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923687" title="Gaylord College of Journalism and Mass Communication">
Gaylord College of Journalism and Mass Communication

The Gaylord College of Journalism and Mass Communication is the journalism unit of the University of Oklahoma in Norman. As of Fall 2009, the college has an enrollment of 1,208 undergraduates and 81 graduate students. The College is named for the former longtime publishers of The Oklahoman.
History.
In 1897, five years after the University of Oklahoma opened its doors, the first student ran newspaper, "The Umpire", made its debut. In 1903 it became a semiweekly news publication called the University Oklahoman. Subsequently, by 1916 the paper had taken on the name that it still carries today, "The Oklahoma Daily".
Sensing the need for professional training, some of "The Umpire" staff asked for a class in newspaper fundamentals. This first journalism course was placed within the English department as a one-semester two-credit course entitled English 33. Jerome Dowd, a Sociology/Economics professor and Theodore Brewer, head of the English Department, taught it. Since both had worked in the newspaper business before becoming professors, Dowd as an editor and Brewer as a staff member, they were well able to teach the first class of eight students. By 1910, Mr. Brewer had become the only teacher.
By 1912, as demand for more classes grew, Professor Brewer realized the need for a complete school of journalism. This need was also recognized by then OU President Stratton D. Brooks, who applied to the State Board of Education for a separate journalism school.
On May 24, 1913, the Board approved President Brooks' request, and the School of Journalism, located within the College of Arts and Sciences, was born. The school was to officially began in the fall semester on September 1, 1913.
Professor Theodore Brewer was appointed as the first director of the new School of Journalism, and along with Jerome Dowd, became the first two professors.
The first permanent building specifically for journalism was Copeland Hall, built in 1958. It remained in Copeland Hall until the opening of Gaylord Hall in 2004.
Formerly known as the H.H. Herbert School of Journalism and Mass Communication, in 2000 the Gaylord family gave $22 million dollars to the university. As such, the school was elevated to college status, and both the college and facility were renamed for the Gaylord family in return. The Gaylord Family is the former longtime publishers of The Oklahoman which sold in 2011.
Designed by Oklahoma City-based architecture firm Rees Associates, Inc., the facility was completed in two phases and anchors the University of Oklahoma’s South Oval. Exterior architecture draws from the Cherokee Gothic vernacular prevalent on the historic Norman campus’ academic core, yet sleek glass and a large outdoor news ticker meld traditionalism with more modern elements and convey the facility’s purpose.
The College's new facility includes multimedia computer labs, classrooms, lecture halls, a library, broadcast production and technical facilities, sound stage, auditorium, and faculty offices. These functions support the various education sequences such as professional writing, journalism, public relations, broadcast, production and advertising, and reflect the trend of media convergence prevalent in today’s communications industries.
Additionally, the Phase II expansion completed in 2009 added a unique feature: a simulated public relations and advertising agency where students can experience the industries they are studying first-hand. This area includes computer labs and offices, as well as presentation and conference rooms for collaborative efforts. The expansion is also home to additional classrooms and dedicated graduate offices and workrooms.
The two-phase design embraces an exterior courtyard which serves as a gathering area for alumni and multimedia events. Commons Areas and a Hall of Fame offer interior event venues, and a roof terrace provides views of the courtyard during outdoor events.
Curriculum.
The new curriculum consisted of 24 hours of journalism and ten weeks of fieldwork at a newspaper. Classes included newspaper work fundamentals, organization of the city room, and the duties of the reporter. In 1915, the first two graduates received a minor in Journalism and a Certificate of completion.
Over the past 90 years, many new classes were added and students now have a wide variety to choose from.
Academic programs.
Degree tracks include:
Student Media.
Students are able to participate in hands-on media training:
Experiential Learning Opportunities.
The Gaylord College specializes in experiential learning opportunities in order to prepare its students for their future journalism and mass communication careers. Its innovative teaching style allows students the opportunity to experience the technology, brainstorming, implementation and evaluation practices they will need. Because Gaylord prepares students to this extent, the students are often first pick for many employers.
Some of the program opportunities Gaylord offers its students are OU Nightly (ounightly.com), Routes (routes.ou.edu), Lindsey+Asp (lindseyandasp.com), SoonerVision (Sonnervision.net).
Administration and faculty.
The college has several endowed positions, including:
Joe Foote (Gaylord Chair),
Charles Self (Edward L. Gaylord Endowed Chair),
Maureen Taylor (Gaylord Family Endowed Chair),
Meta Carstarphen (Gaylord Family Endowed Professor),
Peter Gade (Gaylord Family Endowed Professor),
24 tenure-track faculty,
7 full professors,
5 associate professors,
12 assistant professors,
21 practitioner and visiting professors,
13 part-time adjunct professors,
8 full-time visiting professors

</doc>
<doc id="5923691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923691" title="Quiznation (UK game show)">
Quiznation (UK game show)

Quiznation was a television program on the British quiz channel by the same name that was owned and operated by Optimistic Entertainment. In its last year, it featured hours of gaming each day. "Quiznation" aired all week on Fortune Fever from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m featuring constant tower games. On 31 May 2007, "Quiznation" aired its last episode.
About the Show.
"Quiznation" started in November 2003 on Sky channel 277. The channel was originally called Nation277. Shortly after launch, it was moved to channel 217 during an EPG reshuffle, and subsequently changed its name to Nation217. Different interactive games were on for most of the day. Though under the larger banner of "Gamenation", Nation217 showed a variety of interactive programming including "The Cash Vault" and "Dare". Nation217 started to cease some of the programs and replaced the slots with "Quiznation". Eventually "Quiznation" was the entire output for the channel. The channel was then officially named Quiznation.
In late 2005, Quiznation started to bring back some of its axed programming starting with "Celebrity Sudoku". They introduced more shows like "Initial Thinking" and "Taxi". At the beginning of 2006, Quiznation cut back its broadcasting hours to three hours a night and began airing nothing but the "Quiznation" program again.
This format was adapted to the United States as PlayMania in April 2006. Presenter Mel Peachey co-hosted the program throughout the next year. It was split into two separate shows in February 2007, one being renamed "quiznation", taking after its predecessor.
The 31 May 2007 episode was "Quiznation"'s final airing. The program finished with a highlight reel of Quiznation moments.
Programs featured.
This is an incomplete list of some of the programs featured during the original Nation217 (and 277).

</doc>
<doc id="5923704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923704" title="Legend (play)">
Legend (play)

Legend is a play by Samuel A. Taylor. The Broadway production was directed by Robert Drivas and starred Elizabeth Ashley, F. Murray Abraham, and George Dzundza. After 18 previews it opened on May 13, 1976 at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre, where it ran for only 5 performances.
The comedy is set in the Old West and tells the story of a mysterious, romantic girl who appears in a remote mining town in search of its legendary heroes. She finds what she is seeking in an Outlaw, a Sheriff, a Banker, and the rough but lovable men of the town.
"Legend" was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lighting Design (Thomas Skelton) and Outstanding Set Design (Santo Loquasto).

</doc>
<doc id="5923714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923714" title="Canyon Blaster">
Canyon Blaster

Canyon Blaster may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5923716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923716" title="Linda Bierds">
Linda Bierds

Linda Louise Bierds (born 1945 Delaware) is an American poet and professor of English and creative writing at the University of Washington, where she also received her B.A. in 1969.
Her books include "Flights of the Harvest Mare"; "The Stillness, the Dancing"; "Heart and Perimeter"; and "The Ghost Trio" (Henry Holt 1994). 
Since 1984, her work has appeared regularly in "The New Yorker". Her poems are featured in "American Alphabets: 25 Contemporary Poets" (2006) and many other anthologies. She lives on Bainbridge Island.
Awards.
She has received fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts, the Ingram Merrill Foundation, the Artist Trust Foundation of Washington and the Guggenheim Memorial Foundation. 
In 1998, she was awarded a John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Fellowship "genius" grant.

</doc>
<doc id="5923725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923725" title="WWE Magazine">
WWE Magazine

WWE Magazine is the official professional wrestling magazine of WWE. This incarnation of the magazine contains lifestyle sections, a monthly calendar, entertainment, work out tips, and other information.
History.
"WWE Magazine" has gone through many incarnations throughout the years. It was originally known as WWF Victory Magazine from its debut issue through the third issue of publication.
Starting with the third issue (April/May 1984) it became known as World Wrestling Federation Magazine (or "WWF Magazine" for short), with newly crowned WWF Champion Hulk Hogan on the cover. "WWF Magazine" would continue to be bi-monthly until June 1987, in which it would become a monthly operation and a staple of the WWF for the next decade. For several years, "WWF Magazine" operated as a kayfabe magazine; stories included biographies of wrestlers and feuds, as well as previews of upcoming events, editorials, and other features targeted at younger audiences; excerpts from letters to the editor, mainly from fans commenting on the wrestlers and angles, were also published.
In April 1996, the WWF decided to create a second magazine called Raw Magazine, which became a focus on behind the scenes activity, focusing on wrestlers real life profiles. It debuted with the May/June 1996 issue, and was bi-monthly until the January 1998 issue.
In May 2002, the World Wrestling Federation became known as World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), and therefore the magazine was changed accordingly to "WWE Magazine" starting with the June 2002 issue.
Shortly before that, the WWF/E had split up into two brands, Raw and SmackDown!. "WWE Magazine" and "Raw Magazine" were unaffected, however, until the January 2004 issues, in which WWE decided to have separate magazines for their respective brands. "Raw Magazine" retained its name but followed the style of "WWE Magazine" however, it focused solely on the Raw brand. "WWE Magazine" became SmackDown! Magazine, and would focus solely on the SmackDown! brand. That lasted until the summer of 2006, in which "Raw Magazine" and "SmackDown Magazine" would be discontinued and a new "WWE Magazine" would debut with the August 2006 issue (Dave Batista cover).
The new "WWE Magazine" was designed to move away from being solely a wrestling magazine. Instead the majority of the magazine contains lifestyle tips, product reviews and photos of WWE's superstars and divas outside the ring. The new style is similar to current men's magazines, such as "Maxim" and "Stuff".
In the May 2012 issue, a new "Jerk of the Month" belt debuted with Daniel Bryan wearing the belt in the issue. It replaced the police mugshots which had been featured since the May 2008 issue. It was later replaced with a trophy.
Breaking Kayfabe.
On very rare occasions, kayfabe would be broken; such instances would be if a wrestler had died or if the topic had such far-reaching interest to WWF fans that it could not be ignored. Notable examples of the magazine breaking kayfabe were the 1990 parasailing accident that injured Brutus "the Barber" Beefcake (at the time, one of the WWF's biggest stars), and the 1992 divorce of Randy Savage and Miss Elizabeth.
In the September 1993 issue, the magazine was to introduce a semi-regular feature titled "Now It's Our Turn", which was to present the WWF's official (non-kayfabe) explanations/defenses against accusations from former wrestlers and employees. Although one lengthy column focusing on "Superstar" Billy Graham was published, the feature did not appear again.
Contents.
BRAWL
KNOWLEDGE
FEATURES
RINGSIDE

</doc>
<doc id="5923734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923734" title="The Berrys">
The Berrys

The Berrys was a family comic strip drawn by Carl Grubert and distributed by Field Enterprises.
A 1934 alumnus of the University of Wisconsin–Madison, Grubert had a background in Chicago advertising and served in the United States Navy during World War II, the period when he created "The Berrys".
Characters and story.
During a long run from 1942 to 1974, the strip chronicled the life of the Berry family, which was composed of father Peter, mother Pat, daughter Jill, son Jackie and baby brother, Jimmie. (Although one source gives the mother's name as Hazel rather than Pat, copies of the strip confirm the mother's name as Pat.)
"The Phrase Finder" credits "The Berrys" for an early use during the 1950s of the term "no-brainer":
Grubert died in 1979, five years after the conclusion of his strip.Emil Zlatos lived in Skokie, Illinois and ghosted the Berry’s for many years. Mr. Zlatos drew many of the covers for the Chicago Sunday Times TV Prevue magazine and retired as the Sun-Times assistant editorial art director in 1978. Mr. Zlatos passed away in Arizona on October 9, 2002. Obituary, Chicago Sun Times October 12, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5923750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923750" title="Shermain Jeremy">
Shermain Jeremy

Shermain Sunja Jeremy (born 24 June 1983) is an Antiguan singer and beauty pageant contestant, winner of the "Miss Antigua and Barbuda Carnival Queen Show" competition in 2002, and Jaycee's Caribbean queen show that year.
Biography.
Shermain Sunja Jeremy was born on the 24th of June, 1983 to the Hon. Longford Jeremy and Sonia Jeremy. She became a public figure when she won Miss Antigua Hal Jackson, and in 2002 when she won the local Miss Antigua Queen of carnival competition. She also won many regional competitions. 
Jeremy went on to win the regional Jaycee's Caribbean Queen competition and the Miss PJD2 Caribbean 2003 in Dutch St. Maarten. In 2004 she represented her home country Antigua and Barbuda at the Miss World competition and was named the Most Talented Woman in the World. In 2005, Jeremy again represented her country at the Miss Universe competition, and though highly favored, she did not make it into the Top 15. 
In pursuit of her musical career, in 2005 Shermain won an interview with major recording label Atlantic Records after competing against 15 other performers in New York. Jeremy however chose take her musical career into her own hands, and has put together a team of close family and friends with experience in the entertainment industry to create the newly independent Antiguan/Caribbean Record label, TropicGem Records. 
Shermain, in an interview with an Antiguan newspaper Antigua Sun said, “I decided not to sign on to a major label, since I would have to give up control, in terms of how I wanted to be portrayed. I want to develop under TropicGem Records, and perhaps sign a major label deal after that. I want to be seen as a Caribbean artist and I feel obligated to share my music with my people here in Antigua & Barbuda first, and then across the world.” 
Shermain has become increasingly popular in Antigua, the Caribbean, and on the international stage. She has graced the June/July issue of Black Hair Magazine. She was influenced by artists such as Alicia Keys, Aaliyah, Mariah Carey and Beyoncé. 
Shermain's has had recent performances on the WB11 and Fox 5 morning news, and she has even been a guest on the well known syndicated Wendy Williams Experience. She is now the face of Farouk Systems' newly launched Deep Brilliance Hair products and the voice of Antigua and Barbuda's "Passion in Paradise" promotions. 
Having performed in her hometown of Antigua, The New York City area and Canada, Shermain is optimistic that her musical dreams are about to be realized. Shermain is bringing her culture into her music, creating the new sound of the "reggae-pop". 
She hopes to follow in the success of her fellow counterparts like Shaggy, Sean Paul and Rihanna.
Early life.
Shermain, from a very young age, showed great proficiency for dance and song. She was rased in the village of Parham one of the most oldest and first towns in Antigua with her younger sister. She made her singing debut on the church choir at the age of 12, she also played leading roles in her school plays. She was an honour student, Deputy Head Girl, on the debating team and won many oratorical competitions. Shermain was also an athlete and was awarded MVP for her school basketball team and athlete of the year. She even won her school's (Christ the King High School) Queen of the Form competition.
Education and employment.
Shermain attended the St. John's Catholic Primary, the Christ the King High School, and the John Jay College of Criminal Justice, and became the recipient of the Thrugood Marshall Scholarship for academic excellence and the Student Service Award for excellence in Service on campus and in the community. In June 2004, Shermanin graduated magna cumme laude with a B.A. in International Justice and a minor in English. At this present moment (2006) she is employed by the Government of Antigua & Barbuda and is posted in New York at the Permanent Mission to the U.N. where she is the special assistant to the Ambassador.
"My Way, My style (2009)".
In May 2009 Shermain released her debut Album, "My Way, My Style". She and her sister, Sumita Jeremy, started the Caribbean record company Tropic Gem so that Jeremy could have control over her image and her career. Her debut single, I Came to Show You was released Summer 2006, and is on steady rotation across the Caribbean region, in the USA and in parts of Europe. She also recorded a remix to the single with renowned Jamaican singer Vybz Kartel.
Other members on Shermain's team include, Caribbean music and entertainment specialist Teneille 'Slayha' Doyle who acts as publicist and A&R for Shermain and Tropic Gem Records. Others are Myron Henry and Wadley Clauter.
She recently won the award for the most talented female singer from the Underground Music Awards in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="5923751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923751" title="Nickelsdorf">
Nickelsdorf

Nickelsdorf () is a town in the district of Neusiedl am See in the Austrian state of Burgenland.
Geography.
Nickelsdorf is the only town in the municipality. It has an important border crossing to Hegyeshalom () in Hungary.
History.
The town belonged—like the whole province of Burgenland—to Hungary until 1920, when it became part of the Austrian state of Burgenland.
Politics.
The seats on the municipal council are distributed as follows: SPÖ 10, ÖVP 2, Grüne 1, FPÖ 1 and BGL with 5 seats.
Festivals.
Since 1985, the annual and internationally famous Jazzfestival "Konfrontationen" has taken place in Nickelsdorf.
From 9 June to 12 June 2005, the Nova Rock Festival took place in Nickelsdorf with headliners like Die Ärzte, System of a Down, The Prodigy, and Green Day. Every day, there were 30,000
fans in this small village next to the border to Hungary. And one year later in 2006, the Nova Rock Festival drew, with over 50 bands, no less than 150,000 visitors. With famous bands like Metallica and Guns N' Roses, it was the largest ever rock festival in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="5923756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923756" title="Rise of the Eagles">
Rise of the Eagles

"Rise of the Eagles" was the third single from British psychobilly band The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster's second album, The Royal Society. Despite it being the third single, it was the only single released in time for the album, the previous two were released months before. 
Video.
The video mocks an American president's personal life with lead singer, Guy McKnight, seen in a president's suit with women lusting after him.

</doc>
<doc id="5923757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923757" title="Mironovka">
Mironovka

Mironovka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923777" title="Lorne Carr">
Lorne Carr

Lorne William Bell Carr (July 2, 1910 – June 9, 2007) was a professional ice hockey player in the National Hockey League.
Profession career.
Carr began his career in 1930 with the Vancouver Lions of the Pacific Coast Hockey League. He next played for the Buffalo Bisons of the International Hockey League. In 1934 Carr signed with the New York Rangers. After one season with the Rangers, Carr signed with the rival New York Americans, with whom he played for the following seven seasons.
In 1941, Carr was traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs for Red Heron, Nick Knott, Gus Marker and cash. It was with Toronto that he enjoyed his most success as a player. In 1942 he won his first Stanley Cup Championship, when his team, down three games to zero, won four straight against the Detroit Red Wings in the Stanley Cup Final, winning the championship. Carr played another four seasons with the Maple Leafs, winning a second Stanley Cup Championship in 1945. He ended his playing career after the 1946 season.
Following his retirement, Carr moved to Calgary, Alberta and opened the Amylorne Motel. The motel featured an 18-hole golf course and a driving range. He also co-owned a Calgary poolroom with Calgary native and former New York American Fred Hergerts.

</doc>
<doc id="5923785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923785" title="Art Directors Guild">
Art Directors Guild

The Art Directors Guild (ADG) is an American labor union and branch of the International Alliance of Theatrical and Stage Employees (IATSE) representing 2,006 motion picture and television professionals.
The ADG's sponsored activities include a film society, the Annual ADG Excellence in Production Design Awards, an art gallery called Gallery 800, an annual membership directory, technology-training programs and the professional quarterly news magazine Perspective. They are also founding cosponsors of the 5D Conferences.
Membership.
Local 800 has four main craft classifications: 
In addition, the ADG is seeking to extend membership and subsequent union benefits to previs artists.
Individual crafts represented by the ADG:
Origins.
Art Directors Guild.
Fifty-nine Art Directors, from all the major Hollywood studios, met on May 6, 1937 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, to found the Society of Motion Picture Art Directors (SMPAD).
After World War II, many “below the line” industry labor organizations, including SMPAD, signed on with the IATSE for overall union representation. SMPAD became more active, grew in membership, and expanded opportunities as television developed. In 1967 the Society included "television" to their name before settling on its current moniker, the "Art Directors Guild" in 1998.
Scenic, Title and Graphic Artists.
The creation of its own local (formerly known as Local 816) in March 1949 marked the first time the Hollywood Scenic Artists and Title Artists had its own local representing its unique needs. Previously, the members were part of Local 644 of the Conference of Studio Unions (CSU) working in film and theater. The overwhelming majority of Local 644’s membership, however, had been made up of set painters and paperhangers and included set designers as well. It was not until the dissolution of the CSU after a long series of bitterly contested strikes that the scenic artists were able to organize exclusively. Those artists had been pioneers in their field, responsible for devising and developing the methods used to create representational scenery unsurpassed anywhere in the world.
The size and strength of the local grew with the inclusion of television contracts in the early 1950s. Television, at that time, was in effect an extension of live theater and required a lot of painted two-dimensional scenery instead of the three-dimensional sets used in film. As the nature of television scenery changed, the responsibilities of the television scenic artist broadened to include those of the set painter. Local 816 was the only local in the entertainment industry that worked in all three major areas of the business: film, television and theater.
In January 2003, the 850 members of ADG merged with the 650 member Scenic, Title and Graphic Artists to form the Art Directors Guild & Scenic, Title and Graphic Artists.
Illustrators, Storyboard Artists and Matte Artists.
In the 1930s, the Illustrators and Matte Artists were part of the Federation of Motion Picture Crafts. By 1941 they became a part of the Conference of Studio Unions. In 1945, they received their own chartered local, Local 790 in IATSE, which by the 1950s became the dominant labor organization representing the motion picture and television job categories working behind the camera.
On July 1, 2008, under the orders of IATSE International President Thomas C. Short, Local 790 Illustrators & Matte Artists and Local 847 Set Designers and Model Makers were merged into Local 800.
ADG Excellence in Production Design Awards.
The ADG Excellence in Production Design Awards are presented annually by the Art Directors Guild to recognize excellence in production design and art direction in the film and television industries.
Hall of fame.
The Art Directors Guild established its Hall of Fame in 2005 to honour the contributions of significant past production designers and art directors. The Hall of Fame inducts new members annually, with the first group formally inducted at the 9th Annual Excellence in Production Design Awards ceremony on February 12, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5923801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923801" title="WVPT">
WVPT

WVPT is a public television station in Harrisonburg, Virginia. It is the PBS member station for the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia and West Virginia. The station is licensed to Staunton, and is located on the campus of James Madison University in Harrisonburg. Owned by Shenandoah Valley Educational Television Corporation, it broadcasts a digital signal on channel 11 (redirecting to former analog channel 51 via PSIP) from a transmitter in central Augusta County, Virginia.
WVPT operates a full-time satellite, WVPY in Front Royal, Virginia. It broadcasts on digital channel 21 (virtual channel 42) from a transmitter in northern Warren County.
WVPT signed on for the first time on September 9, 1968 and is the third-oldest educational station in Virginia, behind Hampton Roads' WHRO-TV and Richmond's WCVE-TV. WVPY was added in 1996. It also doubled as the default PBS station for Charlottesville (by way of two translators in the area) until WCVE signed on WHTJ as a satellite.
WVPY is available over-the-air in much of the Virginia and West Virginia portions of the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, while WVPT is available on cable in Lynchburg. Additionally, the station is carried on the Harrisonburg DirecTV feed and the Washington DirecTV and Dish Network feeds. While it is available on Comcast's digital cable tier in Charlottesville and central Virginia, it is not carried on satellite there; FCC rules currently do not allow a station to be uplinked unless it has a full-power station located in the market. All told, WVPT reaches a potential viewing audience of over 6.1 million people in four states and the capital.
On Wednesday, October 1, 2008 WVPT started broadcasting in all HD.
Transmitters.
WVPT is the smallest PBS station licensed to Virginia, but serves one of the largest coverage areas of any PBS member. It primarily serves 22 counties and independent cities in Virginia and nine counties in West Virginia. Much of this area is very mountainous. Largely because most of its service area is located in the United States National Radio Quiet Zone, its two main transmitters operated at only 525,000 watts and 141,000 watts in analog—in both cases, fairly low for a full PBS member on the UHF band. Even in digital, they are not nearly strong enough to cover this vast and rugged area. This is despite WVPT's digital channel being located on VHF; normally VHF signals "bend" over rugged terrain better than UHF signals.
As a result, it operates several translators and a digital distributed transmission system. It also relies heavily on cable and satellite for its viewership, which are all but essential for acceptable television in this region.
The station's distributed transmission system allows the translators to rebroadcast digitally on the same frequencies as the parent stations under an experimental license. For instance, WVPT can be seen digitally as WVPT1-DT Charlottesville on VHF channel 11, virtual channel 51.1 (same channels as WVPT-DT).
Communities listed above are as they appear on the NTSC-M broadcast translator licences on the FCC database. For synchronised on-channel digital transmitters used to provide "fill-in" distributed transmission system coverage, content is bitwise-identical to the main signal and the legal city of license is that of the respective main station. Digital DTS callsigns are based on those of the respective main stations, suffixed with a sequential number.
Local programs.
"Virginia Farming" - the only regular television program dedicated to Virginia's key economic engines, agriculture and the environment. VIRGINIA FARMING is distributed to PBS stations in Virginia, West Virginia and on RFD-TV nationwide.
"The Miller Center Forums" - produced in conjunction with The University of Virginia's Miller Center for Public Affairs. The series is distributed nationwide to approximately 50 PBS stations.
"Roadtrip to History" - produced by Oaktree Productions and Executive Producer Wayne Bronson.
"The Mickey Matthews Coaches Show" - premiered fall 2012. Produced by Telemedia Productions, this is the coaches show for the James Madison University football team.

</doc>
<doc id="5923808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923808" title="Limited Liability Partnerships Act (Northern Ireland) 2002">
Limited Liability Partnerships Act (Northern Ireland) 2002

The Limited Liability Partnerships Act (Northern Ireland) 2002 is an Act of the Northern Ireland Assembly which introduced the concept of the limited liability partnership into Northern Irish law, passed two years after the Limited Liability Partnerships Act 2000 introduced the concept into the law of England and Wales and Scots law.
It created an LLP as a body with legal personality separate from its members (unlike a normal partnership) which is governed under a hybrid system of law partially from company law and partially from partnership law. Unlike normal partnerships the liability of members of LLP on winding up is limited to the amount of capital they contributed to the LLP.
Currently, despite the passing of the Companies Act 2006 and its gradual entry into force, the new law does not apply to LLP's. The commencement orders for the Companies Act 2006 have so far included saving provisions for the provisions of the Companies (Northern Ireland) Order 1986 to remain in force as applied to LLP's.

</doc>
<doc id="5923810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923810" title="Ingersoll">
Ingersoll

Ingersoll may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923814" title="Jeff Pierce">
Jeff Pierce

Jeff Pierce (born August 28, 1958) is a retired American professional road bicycle racer. At the 1987 Tour de France, Pierce gained fame by becoming the third American (after Davis Phinney and Greg Lemond) to win a stage in the Tour de France, winning the final stage on the Champs-Élysées while riding for Team 7-Eleven.
In 1991 Jeff Pierce appeared in a video with Cycling Master, John Howard (cyclist), entitled "John Howard's Lessons in Cycling," produced by New & Unique Videos of San Diego, California. 
After his retirement from competitive cycling, Pierce served as USA Cycling's Vice President of Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="5923822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923822" title="History of North Carolina State University">
History of North Carolina State University

North Carolina State University was founded by the North Carolina General Assembly in 1887 as a land-grant college under the name "North Carolina College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts". As a land-grant college, NC State would provide a “liberal and practical education” while focusing on military tactics, agriculture and the mechanical arts without excluding classical studies. Since its founding, the university has maintained these objectives while building on them.
After opening its doors in 1889, NC State saw its enrollment fluctuate and its mandate expand. Due to the Great Depression, the North Carolina government administratively combined the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the Women’s College at Greensboro, and NC State. This conglomeration later became the University of North Carolina system in 1971. After World War II, the university has constantly grown and changed.
Founding: 1862–1889.
Although established in 1887, the North Carolina State University story begins in 1862 when President Abraham Lincoln signed the federal Morrill Land-Grant Act. This act created endowments that were to be used in the establishment of colleges that would provide a “liberal and practical education” while focusing on military tactics, agriculture and the mechanical arts without excluding classical studies.
Early years: 1889–1945.
Between 1889 to the end of World War I, the college experienced growth and expansion of purpose. Along with United States Department of Agriculture, State College created the Boys’ and Girls’ Clubs in 1909 (which later became 4-H in 1926). In 1914 the federal Smith-Lever Act enabled the university to establish state, county, and local extension programs. These two new programs allowed the university’s knowledge resources to directly benefit the people of North Carolina, not just those students who walked its halls. By 1918 the college had an enrollment over 700 students and it had a new name—"North Carolina State College of Agriculture and Engineering".
By the end of World War I, State College experienced many institutional changes and fluctuating enrollment. In the 1920s, many of the college’s educational units were organized into schools (e.g. School of Agriculture, Textile School…). In 1920 enrollment reached 1,000 and by 1929 enrollment doubled to 2,000. In 1927, the first women graduated from the college.
The Great Depression brought many challenges to State College when economic hardships caused enrollment to suffer. To address issues institutional inefficiencies, the State of North Carolina established the Consolidated University of North Carolina in 1931. This administratively combined the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the Women’s College at Greensboro, and State College. This move also brought another name – "North Carolina State College of Agriculture and Engineering of the University of North Carolina". The Consolidated University of North Carolina lasted until 1972 when it was remade into the University of North Carolina system. By 1937 enrollment rebounded to over 2,000, but World War II caused enrollment to drop below 1,000.
Expansion: 1945–present.
In 1962, administrators tried to elevate State College to university status as to "North Carolina State University," but Governor Terry Sanford and other UNC system officials proposed the "University of North Carolina at Raleigh" for consistency. Faculty, students and alumni immediately launched a bitter opposition campaign, arguing that the name would cause the university to lose its identity and to appear to be a branch of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The name was never adopted. Instead the General Assembly changed the name to "North Carolina State of the University of North Carolina at Raleigh" in 1963. Not satisfied, protest and letter writing campaigns continued until 1965 when the university received the present name "North Carolina State University at Raleigh". Convention ignores the "at Raleigh" part of the name; indeed, it is omitted even on official documents such as diplomas. However, but it is still in the official name.
In 1966 single year enrollment reached 10,000. The 1970s saw enrollment surpass 19,000 and the addition of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences. NC State celebrated its centennial in 1987 and reorganized its internal structure renaming all its schools to colleges (e.g. School of Engineering to the College of Engineering). Also in this year, it gained of land that would later become the Centennial Campus. Over the next decade and a half, NC State has focused on developing its new Centennial Campus. Over $620 million has been invested in facilities and infrastructure at the new campus with of space being constructed. There are 61 private and government agency partners located here as well.
Currently, NC State has over 8,000 employees, over 34,000 students, and a $1.2 billion annual budget. It is also widely recognized as one of the three anchors of North Carolina's Research Triangle, together with Duke University and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.<br style="clear:both;">
In 2009, NC State University spent $10,000 on the "Rally for Talley" advertising campaign. The goal of the campaign was to persuade students to approve an increase in student fees that would pay for the renovation of the Talley Student Center and the Atrium Food Court. A record turnout of 19% of the student body voted 61% against the fee increase, but the student senate and university administration overruled the students' decision and enacted the fee anyway. The renovation projects are projected to be completed in 2013, but sources close to the university agree that this date is optimistic.<br style="clear:both;">
NCSU Libraries Special Collections Research Center maintains a website devoted to NC State history entitled Historical State.
Historic enrollment statistics (1889 - present).
"Yearly counts were made until 1920, when yearly enrollment counts were replaced with seasonal (spring, summer, fall, winter) counts; separate summer session counts were introduced from the summer of 1951. All numbers from 1920 are for the fall semester." 
Current enrollment (2012-2013): 34,340 students

</doc>
<doc id="5923824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923824" title="I Could Be an Angle">
I Could Be an Angle

"I Could Be an Angle" is the second single from British psychobilly band The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster's second album The Royal Society. The song got very strong airplay on MTV Rocks (formerly MTV2) and Kerrang!. The name of the song comes from a sign that a tramp was holding when they visited America, the sign read "Please give me money, you never know, I could be an angle" - an obvious misspelling of "angel".
Track listing.
DVD.
The DVD also contained images moving with the song "I Could Be an Angle" playing, the video for the song was not included as the band were disappointed with the way it turned out.
Video.
The video shows the band playing the song at a children's birthday party. The band has said that the video did not turn out how they wanted and were disappointed with it.

</doc>
<doc id="5923826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923826" title="Rastaman Vibration Tour">
Rastaman Vibration Tour

The Rastaman Vibration Tour was a concert tour organised to support the album "Rastaman Vibration" by Bob Marley & The Wailers.
The tour began at the Tower Theater in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania, on April 23, 1976, and ended in Manchester, England, on June 27, 1976. On the tour's second leg Marley performed for the first time in continental Europe and premiered in Germany, Sweden, France and the Netherlands. After the tour Marley performed the Smile Jamaica Concert in his homeland Jamaica, after being shot a couple of days before.
The album Live At the Roxy was recorded during this tour, on May 26.
Setlist.
After the first third of the tour the setlists became more standardised and mostly looked like the following:
At the beginning of the tour, for example during the four shows at the Beacon Theater when Marley experimented and changed the setlist much more than later during the tour, a gospel-like medley of two Nyabinghi chants ("Rastaman Chant" and "Lion Of Judah") and a brief reggae riff ("Keep The Faith") had been performed at the beginning instead of "Trenchtown Rock". Since the Nyabinghi chants were very meditative and slow until it segued into the lively reggae riff, it was decided to replace the long medley by the classic and instantly-lively "Trenchtown Rock" to better catch the audience from the beginning, as seen during the Natty Dread Tour in 1975 where "Trenchtown Rock" was the opening song as well.
All songs from the Rastaman Vibration album had been performed at least once, except for "Who the Cap Fit" (which was performed once during the Kaya Tour in 1978) and "Cry To Me". There were also performances of an earlier song which is not featured on any of Marley's Island albums released at that time ("Trenchtown Rock").
From show to show sometimes an additional song was edged in somewhere in the setlist, like "Slave Driver", "Johnny Was", "Night Shift", "Bend Down Low", "Crazy Baldhead" or "Jah Live". Live performances of each of these songs happened very rarely during the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5923828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923828" title="Linger Ficken' Good">
Linger Ficken' Good

"Linger Ficken' Good…and Other Barnyard Oddities" is the third studio album by Revolting Cocks. The title is a satirical Spoonerism of the advertising slogan employed by KFC in the 1970s—""Finger" "Lickin Good."
Videos were made for both singles, the first of which was the cover of "Da Ya Think I'm Sexy?" which featured Chris Connelly prominently, interacting with the patrons of a sleazy strip club, including Jewel Shepard and Linnea Quigley (exterior shots were filmed in front of the Ridglea Theater in Fort Worth, Texas). The second video was for "Crackin' Up," which was played on an episode of "Beavis & Butthead".
Track listing.
All tracks by Revolting Cocks unless noted.
Singles.
"Da Ya Think I'm Sexy?" (1993)
"Crackin' Up" (1994)
Personnel.
Samples.
Taken from the movie "Dirty Harry," when Harry encounters a bunch of would-be muggers in a tunnel, used in "Crackin' Up"
Quotes from the movie are very heavily sampled in "Crackin' Up."
Taken for the movie "Silence Of The Lambs" in the segment when the mother of the kidnapped girl addresses the kidnapper on television, pleading him to free her daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="5923829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923829" title="Butts Park Arena">
Butts Park Arena

Butts Park Arena is a multi-use sports stadium in Spon End, Coventry, England. Its main use is as a rugby stadium, the home ground for Coventry RFC and Coventry Bears, who moved there for the start of the 2004–05. It is the former home ground, an American football team, the Coventry Jets.
The stadium has also hosted the local universities varsity day between Coventry and Warwick.
The stadium.
The stadium was built in 2004 and currently has one stand, the East Stand, which has a capacity of 3,000 and includes a number of conference and banqueting facilities. The West Stand which was a temporary structure holding 1,000 was removed at the end of the 2005–06 season on grounds of health and safety.

</doc>
<doc id="5923844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923844" title="Farcaster">
Farcaster

A farcaster is an instantaneous transportation device in the fictional Hyperion universe. Farcasters allow two points separated by a vast distance to be brought together at a Farcaster Portal. The Farcaster network connects hundreds of planets of the Hegemony of Man into their WorldWeb. The Farcaster network allowed transport between connected worlds without any time discrepancy, unlike Hawking drive (FTL - faster than light) transport provided by spaceships of the Hegemony era. The Farcaster was developed by the Artificial Intelligences (AIs) of the TechnoCore and given to humanity sometime after the Hegira.
It was the destruction of the Farcaster network at the order of Hegemony CEO Meina Gladstone in 2852 which precipitated the Fall.
About the WorldWeb Farcaster network.
The roughly 250 worlds which are connected by Farcaster are known collectively as the WorldWeb. Each world had thousands if not millions of Farcaster connections with every other planet in the Web; all connected through singularity spheres located in orbit of the world they serviced, though truly there is only one connection to The Void Which Binds. The actual number of portals is irrelevant as all are the same portal. At the height of the Hegemony it was common for the extremely wealthy to construct houses on multiple worlds, with separate rooms connected by Farcaster. It was also common for planets to rely so heavily on the Farcasters and the ease of trade allowed through them that they produced little or no natural foodstuffs of their own. In this sense the Farcaster can be likened to the blood vessels of the human body, essential for life.
Planets colonized by the Hegemony, but not inducted into the Farcaster network, are not considered members of the Worldweb. Trade and Hegemony support are available to planets outside the Worldweb, but interstellar travel between worlds can take months of ship time, equivalent to years or decades of observer time. As such, being connected to the WorldWeb was a major goal for many planetary governments.
Before planetside Farcaster portals can be installed (often in large 'concourses', but also on a private scale, in some cases used as 'doors' between rooms in expensive, multi-planetary homes), an orbiting singularity sphere the size of a small moon must be constructed. This process in itself can take years; getting to the point of singularity sphere construction can take even longer.
Whereas planetside Farcaster portals can transport people, goods, or even personal aircraft and luxury vehicles, orbiting farcasters can be constructed capable of admitting cargo and military ships to a planetary system.
Construction and Mechanics of Farcasters: The TechnoCore's Myths.
The Big Mistake of '38 was caused by an artificially created black hole being accidentally dropped into the Earth's core. This led to the apparent destruction of Earth and the Hegira. During this time the Farcaster was developed by the AI TechnoCore and given to mankind. Farcasters use singularities (artificially created black holes) to generate warps in spacetime. All knowledge of the Farcasters and how they worked was based on information given by the TechnoCore and was later proven by Aenea to be false for the most part.
When a world was ready to be admitted into the WorldWeb the military body FORCE began construction of a singularity sphere in orbit of the planet being joined to the Web. Construction of the large sphere could take decades, in part because construction materials had to be transported via FTL Hawking drive spaceships, which accrued time debts in their travels. Once a singularity sphere was finished, however, millions of Farcaster Portals could be opened on the planet below, connected to all other planets in the WorldWeb.
Portals varied in size from small doorways to river-spanning arches to vast orbital rings, allowing torchships to travel by Farcaster. Each trip through a Farcaster was instantaneous; the traveller felt a slight tingle as they passed through the portal before immediately arriving at his or her destination but no other indication of traversing large interstellar distances.
The Fall of the Farcasters.
In 2852 the AI TechnoCore's treachery was uncovered: they had been using the Farcasters as part of a giant computer; connecting each human who passed through a portal to their neural net to increase its processing power as needed. The Hegemony CEO Meina Gladstone was also told that the TechnoCore resided within the WorldWeb itself; the dimensionless space between Farcaster Portals. When it was revealed that the supposed invasion by the Ousters was actually being perpetrated by the TechnoCore, CEO Gladstone decided to destroy every singularity sphere in the WorldWeb - supposedly severing the TechnoCore's link to humanity.
The TechnoCore were also revealed to be plotting to kill humanity with the use of a large Deathwand device and the destruction of the Farcasters was timed to allow for the destruction of this weapon as it passed through a Farcaster Portal to Hyperion. Because of the necessity of destroying the Deathwand weapon the Farcaster network was destroyed without much advance notice. Thousands of people were killed while stepping through a Farcaster portal which suddenly closed mid-step, slicing them in half; hundreds more were lost to the gap between Farcasters. Parents working on different planets from their children suddenly found themselves separated by light years instead of a single step through a Farcaster portal.
Riots swiftly followed the destruction of the WorldWeb but it was the long term effects of this action which devastated the Hegemony of Man. Worlds were so dependent on the Farcasters for importing foodstuffs that many planets began to starve; essential medicines might only be available on a single world, which was suddenly years away. Some planetary systems suffered more than others: while Renaissance Minor was mostly agricultural land and capable of supporting Renaissance Vector, worlds like Heaven's Gate and Sol Draconi had their populations decimated and their terraforming efforts reversed over the next few hundred years, making the worlds uninhabitable again.
Aenea's Revelations: The Truth about the Farcasters.
Over 270 years after the destruction of the WorldWeb and the Fall the young woman Aenea, child of a human woman and AI cybrid began to reveal the truth of the TechnoCore's motivations and involvement with humanity through the Pax Church. She also revealed the truth about the Farcasters.
The TechnoCore built the Farcaster network and Fatline transmitters using the same principle: The Void Which Binds. While the TechnoCore saw this as a Planck-dimension of huge energy with fantastic potential Aenea revealed the Void Which Binds to be an essential part of the universe; literally the domain of love as a force. In investigating the Void Which Binds the TechnoCore also found lifeforms there of such advancement that the AI's were frightened. Experiments carried out on the Void led to the development of the Fatline and the Farcaster network, both of which allowed travel through the Void but were destructive to it also.
The AI TechnoCore had deliberately dropped a black hole into Earth's core in their attempt to destroy humanity but when they came across the entities in the Void Which Binds they stopped this plan. Instead the Earth was moved to another Galaxy by the lifeforms residing in the Void. The TechnoCore's terror at this power led them to give the Farcasters to humanity. As always the TechnoCore had an ulterior motive. When an individual walked through a Farcaster portal they passed through the Void Which Binds, a timeless place where the TechnoCore could 'plug in' the persons brain into their vast neural net, focused on the problem of creating their UI (Ultimate Intelligence) — a being capable of dealing with the so-called 'Lions and Tigers and Bears' that resided within the Void.
When Meina Gladstone ordered the destruction of the Farcaster network the TechnoCore's insidious plans were only halted temporarily. They struck an alliance with the Roman Catholic Church, giving their cruciform symbiotes to the body that would become the Pax and allowing immortality to anyone who accepted to Pax. Aenea carried a virus in her body which, when she infected someone, would destroy the cruciform (which was revealed by Aenea to be another misuse of the Void Which Binds).
Notable Farcasters.
The Grand Concourse was a series of shopping streets on many worlds connected by Farcaster into the appearance of a single street.
The River Tethys was gifted to the Hegemony of Man by the TechnoCore. Every planet in the WorldWeb (and some who weren't, as was discovered by Aenea) had a section of a river connected by Farcaster to rivers on other worlds. The Tethys was used for sightseeing and tourism mainly with some trade. 
Martin Silenus' House was a house that physically resided on multiple worlds of the worldweb, much as the houses of many famous or rich personalities of the Hegemony of Man used to do. It was a huge expense and illustrated his rise to fame and fortune and, eventually his fall back to obscurity. The notable features included windows to most of the best views of the web and a bathroom that consisted of an open raft in the middle of a waterworld.
Freecasting.
Aenea's teachings about the Void Which Binds included four steps:
Aenea's teachings related to the Void Which Binds: she taught that human memory resided in the Void Which Binds, that love was the force which held people's souls. The Music of the Spheres was the 'song' of a planet, each person living on that planet adding to its symphony. The final stage, taking the First Step, was to Freecast: travelling between the stars without needing a Farcaster device. The TechnoCore had constructed vast machinery to accomplish what any individual could do with some training.

</doc>
<doc id="5923845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923845" title="Kwame Raoul">
Kwame Raoul

Kwame Raoul (born September 30, 1964) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 13th district since his appointment to fill the seat vacated by Barack Obama in 2004. He is the chair of the Illinois Senate's Redistricting Committee and the Senate's Pension & Investments Committee.
Early life.
Raoul was born in Chicago to Haitian immigrant parents, Dr. Janin and Marie Therese Raoul. Raoul earned his bachelor’s degree in political science from DePaul University and went on to receive his law degree from Chicago-Kent College of Law.
Senate career.
Raoul was appointed on November 6, 2004 to fill the state Senate vacancy caused by the resignation of his predecessor, Barack Obama, who had just been elected to the United States Senate. 
Since his arrival in Springfield, Raoul has successfully advanced legislation promoting civil justice, early childhood education, domestic violence prevention and political reform. In his first year in the General Assembly, Raoul established a progressive agenda. His work led to the passage of laws expanding access to early voting in Illinois, and the state’s Low Income Energy Assistance Program and a crack down on the Pay Day loan industry.
Raoul has sponsored a bill that would require that the grants distributed by Illinois State Board of Education to early childhood education and preschool programs to use those funds to improve and expand the quality of services. He has also backed legislation aimed at easing the reintegration of ex-offenders into the community. His legislation allows good conduct credit to be awarded to inmates who earn their high school diplomas or GEDs, as well as inmates who participate in substance abuse programs. 
Raoul has championed legislation on criminal justice reform including the recent historic legislation that abolishes the death penalty and legislation creating the Torture Inquiry Commission. He also championed legislation aimed at breaking the code of silence by deterring intimidation of those who cooperate with law enforcement officers.
Raoul has supported efforts to create and retain jobs in the State of Illinois including convention center reforms and a multibillion dollars capital bill. He has been the chief sponsor of legislation to extend the Economic Development for a Growing Economy (EDGE) tax credit to companies in order to retain and create jobs in our state. He recently championed the effort to pass comprehensive workers compensation reform that will save Illinois employers in excess of half a billion dollars.
As chairman of the Senate’s Pension and Investment Committee, Sen. Raoul has fought hard for pension ethics reform and has led efforts to expand opportunities for minority and women-owned financial service firms and ridding the State’s pension systems of corruption. As chairman of the Senate’s Redistricting Committee, Sen. Raoul introduced legislation that created the Illinois Voting Rights Act to protect racial and language minorities in the legislative redistricting process. In addition, Raoul serves as Vice-Chair of the Criminal Law Committee and a member of the Judiciary and Financial Institutions Committees.
Raoul was among the candidates Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich considered to fill Obama's Senate seat upon Obama's victory in the 2008 presidential election. Raoul withdrew his name from consideration, wary of entering into a quid pro quo with the governor, who later became embroiled in a fraud scandal over his attempt to sell the appointment.
Outside the Senate.
Raoul serves as a partner of the law firm of Quarles & Brady with a practice concentrating on employment and labor litigation. Raoul is a former Cook County prosecutor and previously worked as senior counsel for the City Colleges of Chicago. He has also directed volunteer legal clinics in his district. He has served on the Board of Directors of the Cook County Bar Association and the North Central Province of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity. He has coached Hyde Park Biddy Basketball and has been an AYSO soccer volunteer. He has participated in voter registration campaigns with Rainbow/PUSH and has served as a volunteer Election Day lawyer.
Personal life.
Raoul lives in the Hyde Park/Kenwood area with his wife Kali and their two children, Che and Mizan. They attend the Trinity United Church of Christ. He is also a life member of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity (Theta Zeta chapter) and a member of the Chicago Chapter of 100 Black Men.

</doc>
<doc id="5923855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923855" title="Salley">
Salley

Salley can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923867" title="Sallis">
Sallis

Sallis can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5923877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923877" title="Diamond Lil (play)">
Diamond Lil (play)

Diamond Lil is a 1928 play by sultry American actress and playwright Mae West. Prior to Diamond Lil, she had written a number of plays that were closed down due to either poor ticket sales or censorship issues with the establishments of the time, despite the fact that many high-ranking officials attended these plays. "Diamond Lil", about a racy woman in the 1890s, was her first major Broadway success, and was the basis for her character "Lady Lou" in her 1933 film "She Done Him Wrong".
Both West and the play were the final performers at the venerable Beaux Arts domed Nixon Theater in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania before the theater was closed for a skyscraper development on April 29, 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="5923880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923880" title="98.4 Capital FM">
98.4 Capital FM

98.4 Capital FM (or simply Capital FM) is a Kenyan urban music radio station. Its offices are situated on the 19th floor of Lonrho House, along Standard Street in Nairobi's central business district. It is owned by businessman Chris Kirubi.
Background.
Established in 1996, Capital FM plays a mixture of hip hop, RnB, rock, neo soul, new jack swing, jazz, techno, dance and Kenyan music. It has firmly positioned itself as the station of choice among the upper- and middle classes of Kenyan society. 
The brain behind the Capital FM Nairobi's early success was Linda Holt, its first managing director. She's now the CEO of Red Sky, an advertising agency. She famously fell out with Caroline Mutoko, the presenter accusing her of "limiting her potential" and leaving in a huff for Kiss 100.
Capital FM's Talent Search shows exposed the likes of Nameless to Kenya.98.4 Capital FM was a real brand during the Linda Holt days and spared no effort in staying true and tuned in to its brand. 
Capital FM now caters to Mombasa, Western Kenya, as well as the international community, via its new website. It was the second FM station to be opened after 101.9 Metro FM shortly after the liberalisation of Kenyan airwaves, and although several other FM stations have continued to crop up, catering to all tastes, 98.4 Capital FM continues to be a popular station especially among the middle-class and upper-class markets. The presenters are large, engaging personalities who play a mixture of Hip Hop, RnB, Rock, Neo Soul, New Jack Swing, World Music, Jazz, Techno and Dance music, transcending gender, all age groups, backgrounds and cultural boundaries (see the Show Schedule below.) Capital FM was the first ever Kenyan station to play Rock music- and has continuously been dubbed- the home and only home of the best rock music. 
Due to its longevity in the market, Capital FM has the highest advertising revenue among FM radio stations in the country.
Presenters.
Many of Kenya's biggest radio presenters all began at Capital FM – which has earned it the slogan – the home of nurturing radio talent. These include: 
.The biggest morning show was hosted by Fareed Khimani and Seanice Kacungira. From 2006–2009, these two enjoyed a large share of the market. 
In November 2010, Eve D'Souza and her breakfast show co-host Gaetano Kagwa resigned from the station. The two were brought in to help revive the station's plunging ratings in the prime time show after the exit of Fareed and Seanice. Gaetano failed to gel with the Kenyan audience. As for Eve, she felt it was time to spread her wings after being with the station for 10 years
Capital Digital Media (CDM).
Capital Digital Media is a website which offers live radio streaming from 98.4 Capital FM, blogs, live chat, News and more.

</doc>
<doc id="5923886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923886" title="Grandma (comic strip)">
Grandma (comic strip)

Grandma was a comic strip by Charles Kuhn that began April 14, 1947. It was originally distributed by Duke Richardson's Indianapolis-based syndicate, Richardson Feature Service.
A year later, "Grandma" was picked up by King Features Syndicate which distributed it from June 28, 1948 until 1969. He usually signed the strip "Chas. Kuhn".
Characters and story.
The strip depicted humorous events in the life of a friendly, fun-loving woman known to her friends and neighbors only as Grandma. As comics historian Don Markstein described the character:
Sunday strip.
The Sunday page began November 20, 1949. Kuhn used it to introduce an innovative, interactive device; a single panel in the middle tier was displayed minus colors, so that young readers could use crayons to complete the coloring. It was captioned "Color this one, kids!" or "Here's one to color, kids!"
By 1952, the strip ran internationally in 240 newspapers. Kuhn sometimes used "Grandma" to publicize Goodwill Industries in Indianapolis. He was so totally absorbed by and devoted to his strip that when he was asked about hobbies, he answered, ""Grandma" and creating toys for the kids." Toys belonging to the neighborhood kids were also a key topic in many "Grandma" strips; she sometimes reverted to a second childhood and played with the toys herself. Kuhn's other main interest was fishing.
Awards.
At the 1958 Chicago convention of the Grandmothers Club of America, Charles and Lois Kuhn were named Foster Grandparents of the Year. In addition to a plaque from the National Grandmother and Grandfather awards committee, actress Jane Darwell presented the Kuhns with their awards: miniature gold rocking chairs with red plush seats.

</doc>
<doc id="5923891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923891" title="Plain of Bagua">
Plain of Bagua

The Utcubamba valley is born in the high "jalcas" of Chachapoyas and runs from the southeast to the northwest to mix with the waters of the Marañón river, forming the immense plain of Bagua. This plain has a of warm climate, with temperatures reaching a maximum of 40 °C and the minimum of 21 °C.
Like in the whole high jungle region of Peru, its water regimen is irregular and sometimes without rains.

</doc>
<doc id="5923894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923894" title="Ilshofen">
Ilshofen

Ilshofen is a town in the district of Schwäbisch Hall, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is located 15 km northeast of Schwäbisch Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="5923898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923898" title="Mister Mental">
Mister Mental

"Mister Mental" is the first single from British psychobilly band The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster's second album "The Royal Society". This is the band's most popular song, receiving good amounts of airplay on Kerrang! and MTV Rocks (formerly MTV2). It has appeared on the soundtrack for the film, "Shaun of the Dead".
Video.
The video shows the band running away from an unknown substance that made their heads expand. Throughout the video the band run away from the substance until it eventually catches them, exploding their heads one by one.

</doc>
<doc id="5923903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923903" title="Immenhausen">
Immenhausen

Immenhausen is a town in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany. It is located 12 km north of Kassel on the German Timber-Frame Road.

</doc>
<doc id="5923905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923905" title="Lacritin">
Lacritin

Lacritin is a 12.3 kDa glycoprotein encoded in humans by the LACRT gene. Lacritin is a secreted protein found in tears and saliva. Lacritin also promotes tear secretion, and the proliferation and survival of epithelial cells. Lacritin is thus a prosecretory mitogen with cell survival activity.
Most lacritin is produced by the lacrimal gland, including the accessory lacrimal gland of Wolfring. Some lacritin is produced by the meibomian gland, and by epithelial cells of the conjunctiva and cornea. Together these epithelia comprise much of the lacrimal functional unit (LFU). Dry eye is the most common disease of the LFU. A growing number of studies suggest that lacritin may be differentially downregulated in dry eye, including contact lens-related dry eye. Topical lacritin promotes tearing in rabbit preclinical studies.
Lacritin cell targeting is dependent on the cell surface heparan sulfate proteoglycan syndecan-1 (SDC1). Binding utilizes an enzyme-regulated 'off-on' switch in which active epithelial heparanase (HPSE) cleaves off heparan sulfate to expose a binding site in the N-terminal region of syndecan-1's core protein. A G-protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) then appears to be ligated. Targeted cells signal to NFAT and mTOR if conditions are suitable for proliferation, or to AKT and FOXO3 under conditions of stress.
Structure.
Lacritin consists of 119 amino acids after cleavage of the N-terminal signal peptide and displays several predicted alpha helices, mostly in the C-terminal half. Of these, the two C-terminal ones have been confirmed by circular dichroism. The most C-terminal alpha helix is amphipathic with hydrophobic and hydrophilic residues on opposite faces. The hydrophobic face is an important syndecan-1 binding element. PONDR (Predictor of Naturally Disordered Regions) predicts that the C-terminal and N-terminal halves are respectively 'ordered' and 'disordered'. 11 - 12 predicted O-glycosylation sites populate the N-terminal half. Accordingly, unglycosylated lacritin recombinantly generated in E. coli and lacritin differ in size with respective mobilities of ~18 and ~25 kDa by SDS-PAGE. With a predicted protein core molecular weight of 12.3 kDa, it is possible that mobility is partially retarded by lacritin's amphipathic alpha helices.
Lacritin is subject to crosslinking by tissue transglutaminase, thereby giving rise to lacritin multimers including dimers and trimers. Crosslinking is initiated within 1 min in vitro, requiring as little as 0.1 nM lacritin. The ~0.6 micro molar level of tissue transglutaminase estimated in human tears is sufficient to promote crosslinking. Crosslinking involves the donors lysine 82 and 85 and the acceptor glutamine 106. Glutamine 106 resides within the amphipathic alpha helix near the C-terminus responsible for binding the N-terminus of syndecan-1. Accordingly, crosslinked lacritin binds syndecan-1 poorly and is inactive. The C-terminal amphipathic alpha helix is also the site of lacritin's only N-glycosylation site. In 'climatic droplet keratopathy' this site is not glycosylated. Predicted p"I" of lacritin's core protein is 5.
Several lacritin splice variants have been detected in Aceview, from NEIBank EST data. Lacritin-b (11.1 kDa; p"I" 5.3) lacks the sequence SIVEKSILTE. Lacritin-c (10.7 kDa; p"I" 4.6) displays a novel C-terminus that should be incapable of binding syndecan-1. Both may be null forms of lacritin.
Cell Targeting.
One particularly remarkable feature about lacritin is its cell targeting specificity. Lacritin targets a restricted group of epithelial cells (including human corneal epithelia), and not fibroblastic, glioma, or lymphoblastic cells. Cell surface proteoglycan syndecan-1 is partly responsible. 
Biotinylated cell surface proteins from a lacritin-responsive cell were incubated with lacritin under conditions of physiological salt. Those that bound lacritin were sequenced by mass spectrometry. Few bound. The most prominent was syndecan-1 (SDC1). In confirmatory pull-down assays, binding was not shared with family members syndecan-2 or syndecan-4, indicating that the protein core (and not the negatively charged heparan sulfate side-chains) was the main site of binding. Further analysis narrowed the site to syndecan-1's N-terminal 51 amino acids.
Syndecan-1 binds many growth factors through its long heparan sulfate side-chains. Yet, long heparan sulfate chains interfere with lacritin binding. Since syndecans are always decorated with heparan sulfate, this means that heparanase must be available to partially or completely cleave off heparan sulfate, allowing lacritin to bind. Indeed, siRNA studies without and with rescue demonstrated that heparanase regulates lacritin function.
Recently it was discovered that lacritin targeting of heparanase-modified cell surface heparan sulfate proteoglycan syndecan-1 (SDC1) is exquisitely specific. Three SDC1 elements are required. (1) The heparanase-exposed hydrophobic sequence GAGAL that promotes the alpha helicity of lacritin's C-terminal amphipathic alpha helix form and likely binds to the hydrophobic face. (2) Heparanase-cleaved heparan sulfate that is 3-O sulfated. This likely interacts with the cationic face of lacritin's C-terminal amphipathic alpha helix. (3) An N-terminal chondroitin sulfate chain that also likely binds to the cationic face. Point mutagenesis of lacritin has narrowed the ligation site. Further, lacritin-dependent mitogenesis is inhibitable by pertussis toxin, suggesting involvement of a G-protein-coupled receptor.
Syndecan-1 is widely expressed on epithelial and other cell types. How is this mechanism cell-specific? The answer appears to be the restricted availability of active epithelial heparanase that serves as an 'off-on' switch for lacritin binding. This novel mechanism appears at first glance to be poor for ocular health, since heparanase release from invading lymphocytes in the corneal stroma is inflammatory. Yet heparanase is a normal secretory product of the corneal epithelium. Also contributing to specificity may be the availability of the N-terminal chondroitin sulfate chain (which may be uncommon), and the G protein-coupled receptor.
Function.
Lacritin is a glycoprotein of the human tear film, and to a lesser extent of saliva and lung lavage. It is mainly produced by the lacrimal gland. Some lacritin also is produced by the meibomian gland, and also by epithelial cells of the conjunctiva and cornea. The lacritin gene ("LACRT") is one of the most transcriptionally regulated genes in the human eye. Functional studies suggest a role in epithelial renewal of some non-germative epithelia. By flowing downstream through ducts, it may generate a 'proliferative field'. Lacritin also promotes secretion and cell survival. This raises the possibility that lacritin may have clinical applications in the treatment of dry eye, the most common eye disease. Recent studies suggest that lacritin is differentially downregulated in blepharitis and in dry eye.
Lacritin is an LFU prosecretory mitogen and survival factor with a biphasic dose response that is optimal at 1 - 10 nM for human recombinant lacritin on human cells. Higher human lacritin concentrations are optimal on rat or mouse cells or on rabbit eyes. A biphasic dose response has a bell-shaped curve, with doses lower or higher than the dose optimum less effective. Other mitogens share this property. Lacritin flows downstream from the lacrimal gland through ducts onto the eye.
Artificial depletion of lacritin from normal human tears revealed that tears lacking lacritin are unable to promote the survival of ocular surface cells stressed with inflammatory cytokines. Human dry eye tears also lack this activity. However, dry eye tears supplemented with lacritin are fully protective. These observations suggest that among all tear proteins, lacritin may be the master protector.
Signaling.
Both lacritin mitogenic and survival signaling have been studied. Lacritin mitogenic signaling follows two pathways:
Rapid dephosphorylation of PKCα causes it to transiently move from the cytoplasm to the area of the Golgi apparatus and peripheral nucleus. Here, it forms a complex with PKCα and PLCγ2 from which downstream mTOR and NFAT signaling is initiated.
The upstream Gαi or Gαo signaling suggests the involvement of a G-protein-coupled receptor (GPCR). A candidate GPCR is under study. Syndecan-1 likely serves as a co-receptor. Binding lacritin may improve its GPCR affinity.
Lacritin survival signaling is observed when cells are stressed. Lacritin promotes survival and homeostasis by transiently stimulating autophagy. The mechanism appears to involve lacritin stimulated acetylation of the transcription factor FOXO3. Acetylated FOXO3 serves as a ligand for the autophagic mediator ATG101. Lacritin also promotes coupling of FOXO1 (that becomes acetylated with stress) with autophagic mediator ATG7. In the absence of lacritin, no coupling is observed. Thus acetylation alone is likely insufficient for FOXO1-ATG7 ligation, unlike an initial claim. Lacritin also restores oxidative phosphorylation and other metabolic events to rescue cells from stress.
Distribution.
Species.
Genomic sequencing assembled by Ensembl reveals the existence of putative lacritin orthologues in other species. Comparative genomic alignment suggests that horse lacritin is most similar to human lacritin among all non-primate sequences examined. Moreover, it is detectable in horse tears by immunoblotting or by ELISA. Antibodies directed to the C-, but not N-, terminus of human lacritin are most effective - in keeping with the predicted conservation of the C-terminal amphipathic alpha helix necessary for cell targeting.
Tissue.
Tissue distribution has been examined in humans and monkeys. Lacritin is most highly expressed in the lacrimal gland, including the accessory lacrimal gland of Wolfring. Expression is moderate in salivary glands and slight in mammary (cancer but not or rarely normal), and thyroid glands. The salivary gland expression appears to be attributable to a discrete group of unidentified ductal-like cells. Some lacritin was reported in lung bronchoalveolar lavage. In lacrimal gland, polarized lacrimal acinar cells appear to be the most prolific lacritin producers, as evidenced by strong staining of secretory granules in keeping with lacritin release after carbachol stimulation. Carbachol-dependent release involves PKC and calcium signaling. Some lacritin is produced by the meibomian gland, and also by epithelial cells of the conjunctiva and cornea that together with lacrimal gland comprise much of the lacrimal functional unit (LFU). Viewed collectively, the LFU is the primary source of lacritin in the body, and the eye the main target.
Disease.
Dry eye is the most common eye disease, affecting 5 - 6% of the population. Prevalence rises to 6 - 9.8% in postmenopausal women, and as high as 34% in the elderly. Tears lubricate the lid and are important for the refraction of light. Tears also promote epithelial health. Only a small fraction of the estimated 1543 proteins in tears are differentially deficient or upregulated in dry eye. Analysis of lacritin requires 2D SDS PAGE to differentiate monomer from tissue transglutaminase inactivated polymer. Accordingly, lacritin monomer was reported to be differentially downregulated in mild to severe aqueous deficient dry eye, and in contact lens-related dry eye. In a larger trial, 95% of tears from patients with aqueous deficient dry eye were lacritin monomer deficient. Two studies that did not differentiate monomer from multimer did note any change of lacritin in dry eye. Lacritin monomer deficiency in tears of patients with blepharitis was also reported. Blepharitis is an inflammation of the eyelid often associated with dry eye. In "climatic droplet keratopathy", N119 appears to be un-glycosylated. Also a normal breast cancer localization reported by some has not been replicated in Unigene (the 'mammary gland' hit is for breast cancer) and gene array studies, but some breast cancers appear to display elevated expression or LACRT gene amplification.

</doc>
<doc id="5923906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923906" title="Edward Middleton Manigault">
Edward Middleton Manigault

Edward Middleton Manigault (June 14, 1887 – August 31, 1922) was an American Modernist painter.
Manigault was born in London, Ontario on June 14, 1887. His parents were Americans originally from South Carolina. Encouraged in art from an early age, he was commissioned at the age of 18 the city of London to make renderings of public buildings for reproduction as postcards. 
Manigault moved to New York City in 1905 and enrolled in classes at the New York School of Art. He studied under Robert Henri and Kenneth Hayes Miller. He moved away from Realism by 1909 and began producing paintings in a Post-Impressionism style. He first exhibited his work in New York that year, and in 1910 participated in the Exhibition of Independent Artists, which Henri had organized. In the spring of 1912, he traveled through England and France. In 1914, he staged a critically acclaimed one-man show at the Charles Daniel Gallery. His art was purchased by such notable collectors as J. Paul Getty and Arthur Jerome Eddy.
Manigault volunteered to serve as an ambulance driver with the British Expeditionary Force in 1915, during World War I. He married Gertrude Buffington Phillips two days before he shipped out. Manigault served as an ambulance driver in Flanders from April to November 1915. He received a medical discharge after being exposed to mustard gas; he suffered a nervous breakdown and his health would decline for the remainder of his life.
Manigault worked in a wide range of styles following the war, experimenting in abstract and Cubist styles that he found unsatisfying and mostly destroyed. He was inspired by the example of American modernists, including William and Marguerite Zorach. In 1919 he and his wife resettled in the Echo Park district of Los Angeles, California. Manigault subsequently became inspired by the Arts and Crafts Movement, and began to produce decorative works, including ceramics and furniture. He also was commissioned by Oneida Limited to design flatware.
Exacerbating his poor health, Manigault practiced fasting in an attempt "to approach the spiritual plane and see colors not perceptible to the physical eye." His wife normally monitored his habits, and after he traveled alone to San Francisco to work on a job, he collapsed and was hospitalized. He died on August 31, 1922 of starvation and neurasthenia.
Manigault is believed to have destroyed as many as two hundred of his paintings; consequently, few paintings by Manigault survive. His work notebooks only cover the years from 1906 to 1919. Interest was renewed in his work in 1946, with the inclusion of his paintings in the exhibition "Pioneers of Modern Art in America 1903-1918" at the Whitney Museum of American Art. His work is in the permanent collections of the Columbus Museum of Art in Columbus, Ohio, and the Gibbes Museum of Art in Charleston, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="5923913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923913" title="Chinook Winds Casino">
Chinook Winds Casino

Chinook Winds Casino and convention center is a Native American casino located in Lincoln City, Oregon. It is operated by the Confederated Tribes of Siletz. The casino's amenities include a 227-room hotel, a gaming floor (between two floors), two restaurants (with a 24-hour food counter), a convention center, arcade, day-care services, live entertainment, a golf course and other special events. 
The casino operates 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.

</doc>
<doc id="5923938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923938" title="Richard Ulevitch">
Richard Ulevitch

Richard Ulevitch is professor of immunology and Chairman Emeritus of the Department of Immunology at The Scripps Research Institute.
Ulevitch has an AB from Washington and Jefferson College and a PhD in Biochemistry from the University of Pennsylvania. His research attempts to understand the basic mechanisms of the innate immune response to infection. His discoveries, include the definition of the function of receptors in the innate immune system recognizing bacterial products and the discovery of a signal transduction cascade essential for an appropriate innate immune response and for regulating the production of key mediators of inflammation. He is the author of more than 200 scientific articles and his work has been among the most highly cited publications in the field of Immunology. 
Ulevitch has been affiliated with multiple advisory panels including the National Institutes of Health, the American Heart Association, and the Food and Drug Administration. He is currently a scientific advisor to Aravis Ventures (Zurich, Switzerland), to 5AM Ventures (Menlo Park, CA) and a consultant to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. He was a founding scientific advisor to the Lombard Odier Darier Hentsch Immunology Fund (Geneva, Switzerland). Currently Dr. Ulevitch serves as Chairman of 5AM Venture's Scientific Advisory Board.
Richard is married to Susan, and is the father of David Ulevitch, the founder and CTO of OpenDNS.

</doc>
<doc id="5923961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5923961" title="Belmonte">
Belmonte

Belmonte may refer to:

</doc>
