<doc id="5952284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952284" title="Administrative detention">
Administrative detention

Administrative detention is arrest and detention of individuals by the state without trial, usually for security reasons. A large number of countries, both democratic and undemocratic, resort to administrative detention as a means to combat alleged terrorism, control illegal immigration, or to protect the ruling regime.
Unlike criminal incarceration (imprisonment) imposed upon on conviction following a trial, administrative detention is a forward-looking mechanism. While criminal proceedings have a retrospective focus - they seek to determine whether a defendant committed an offense in the past - the reasoning behind administrative detention often is based upon contentions that the suspect is likely to pose a threat in the future. It is meant to be preventive in nature rather than punitive (see preventive detention). The practice has been criticized by human rights organizations as a breach of civil and political rights.
Counter-terrorism.
Administrative detentions are defined in the law of many of the world's states. In democratic countries using administrative detention as a counter-terrorism measure, the rationale given by its proponents is that legal existing systems are ill suited to handle the specific challenges presented by terrorism. Proponents of administrative detention maintain that criminal law's reliance on defendant rights and strict rules of evidence cannot be used effectively to remove the threat of dangerous terrorists. Some of the reasons often used to support this claim are that the information used to identify terrorists and their plots may include extremely sensitive intelligence sources and methods, the disclosure of which during trial would undermine future counter-terrorism operations. It is also claimed that the conditions under which some suspected terrorists are captured, especially in combat zones, make it impossible to prove criminal cases using normal evidentiary rules. Proponents also maintain that criminal prosecution is designed primarily to punish past behavior, thus it is deliberately skewed in favor of defendant, in order to assure that few, if any, innocents are punished. Counter-terrorism, on the other hand, aims to prevent future action, and thus requires a system that is weighed more heavily toward reducing the possibility of future harm, by ensuring that no guilty party will go free.
The Laws of War are also seen by the proponents as inadequate. These laws allow the capture of enemy fighters, and also allow holding them for the duration of hostilities without trial. However, these laws grew out of the need to regulate combat between professional armies accountable to a sovereign state, who were engaged in combat of possibly lengthy, but finite duration. Attempting to apply these laws to terrorists who are intermingled with a civilian population and accountable to no-one opens the possibility of indefinite detention without trial, combined with a substantial likelihood of error.
Opponents of administrative detention challenge the above assumptions. While acknowledging the need to protect the sources and methods used to obtain sensitive intelligence, they maintain that existing laws, such as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) and the Classified Information Procedures Act (CIPA), successfully balance the need to protect sensitive information, including the sources and means of intelligence gathering, with defendants' fair trial rights. They point to the historical record of prosecutors who were able to obtain convictions against terrorists on the basis of existing laws. Opponents maintain that in essence, administrative detention is a form of collective punishment. Since it does not require proof of individual guilt, it attributes to all members of a group the actions of a few.
Immigration control.
Many countries utilize administrative detention to hold illegal immigrants – those arriving at a country's borders without proper authorization – as an interim step to either deportation or the obtainment of proper legal status. Immigration detention is controversial because it presents a clash between traditional notions of individual liberty and the territorial sovereignty of States. Comparative studies on administrative detention practices of different countries found that those experiencing large-scale influxes of illegal migrants by sea (such as the USA and Australia) typically have the most draconian systems. Proponents of administrative detention for illegal immigrants claim that detention is required since these immigrants have not committed any crime for which they could be prosecuted under existing laws, and that allowing them to await their potential deportation while not in custody runs a risk of their absconding. Opponents maintain that alternatives to detention exist, and that such alternatives are preferable because they do not violate personal liberty, as well as being less of a financial burden to the state. Among the alternatives suggested are supervised release to a Non-governmental organization (NGO), the release into the custody of a private citizen who will guarantee the immigrant's participation in immigration hearings, and "Open detention" centers with mandatory reporting requirements.
Protection of the ruling regime.
In many non-democratic countries, administrative detention is used by the ruling regime to suppress dissent and sanction opponents of the government. In Asia in particular, administrative detention was first introduced by the British and French colonial authorities prior to and during World War II. Created as a mechanism to control political dissent, it has ironically survived and made its way into the law books of the now-independent former colonies, who legitimized its use against their own political opponents in their constitutions. In many cases, they were and codified as "emergency measures" or "internal security" acts. Bangladesh, India, Malaysia, Myanmar, Pakistan, Singapore and Sri Lanka are notable examples of such former colonies who hold political prisoners under administrative detention which has its legal roots in British colonial practices. Vietnam is an example where administrative detention was widely used by the French colonial authorities in the 1930s, to arrest those suspected of Communist activities. Post-independence, the now-ruling Communist authorities have employed very similar means to detain those suspected of ``counter-revolutionary" offenses.
Some of these political prisoners, such as Aung San Suu Kyi in Myanmar, have become known worldwide due to the detention, and their cause is championed by human rights organizations.
Instances of administrative detention.
Armenia.
Armenia has been criticized by Human Rights Watch for not fully reforming the legal framework it inherited from the former Soviet Union, and failing to bring its administrative detention system into accord with prevailing international norms. During the 2003 Presidential elections, Armenian police arbitrarily applied the Code of Administrative Offenses, under which administrative detention is authorized, to lock up dozens of opposition activists and supporters for periods of up to fifteen days.
Australia.
Like many other countries experiencing large scale illegal immigration, such as Canada and the United States, Australia has a system of mandatory administrative detention for illegal immigrants, or asylum seekers who arrive at its shores without proper visas. The legal basis for this system is found in Australia's Migration Act 1958 (Cth), which authorized the indefinite detention of an unlawful non-citizen who can not be deported immediately. Human Rights Watch criticized this Australian policy, claiming it seriously contravenes Australia's obligations to non-citizens, refugees and asylum seekers under international human rights and refugee law. Additionally, opposition to the system on humanitarian grounds came from a range of religious, community and political groups including the National Council of Churches, Amnesty International, Australian Democrats, Australian Greens and Rural Australians for Refugees
Brazil.
Administrative detentions in Brazil are admitted only for members of the military. Any member of the Brazilian Armed Forces may be imprisoned if found to be repeatedly in violation of the Military Disciplinary Regulations ("Regulamento Disciplinar") by his or her superiors. Each military branch has issued a list of "transgressions" in their Disciplinary Regulations. The harshest punishment of this kind, in the Brazilian Army, is a 30-day imprisonment penalty.
Notwithstanding, members of the Brazilian Armed Forces under administrative detention may be granted a "habeas corpus" by the justice system to deliver them from imprisonment. They retain their full rights as citizens.
Burma.
In an overview that describes Burma as "one of the most repressive countries in Asia", Human rights Watch quotes a Red Cross report that states that in 2002, there were approximately 3,500 detainees in Burma, of which 1,300 are political prisoners, including parliament members. Burmese authorities often extend the detention of prisoners who have already served their prison sentences, by placing them under administrative detention. This practice is used even with elderly and infirm prisoners. One of the most notable cases of this practice was the detention of Aung San Suu Kyi.
China.
The use of administrative detention in China has been commonplace since before 1949. At that time, it was used primarily against minor offenders as well as against opium addicts, prostitutes, vagrants and those considered to be insane. Since the 1978 legal reforms in China, the public security organs (gong'an jiguan), primarily the police, hold administrative detention powers which are used alongside the state's criminal justice system. Administrative detention is used against subjects that are viewed by the ruling regime as "socially undesirable", in order to maintain public order, social stability and political stability of the ruling regime. This target group includes prostitutes and their clients, drug addicts, political dissenters and petty criminals, who perform legal misdemeanors that are not serious enough for criminal prosecution. Custody and repatriation (Chinese: 收容遣送; Pinyin: shōuróng qiǎnsòng) was also used until 2003 for people, especially peasants, who did not have required papers.
There are three main forms of these administrative detentions: "detention for education" ("Shourong jiaoyu"), coercive drug rehabilitation ("Qiangzhi jiedu"), and "reeducation through labor" ("Laodong jiaoyang"). In addition, administrative detention is used for several internal security reasons, such as detention under the Security Administrative Punishments Law ("Xingzheng juliu"); Administrative detention for questioning of suspects ("Luizhi panwen"); and detention of juvenile offenders in work-study schools ("Shourong jiaoyang")
The use of administrative detention in China has been criticized by international human rights organizations, as well as by domestic groups. These criticisms maintain that the police often abuse their power, that the execution of these powers is at the complete discretion of the police, and that there are no legal constraints placed on their execution.
Egypt.
Egypt's Emergency Law No. 162 of 1958 authorizes the government to suspend basic civil liberties by declaring a state of emergency. Such a state of emergency has been in force almost continuously since 1967. Acting under this law, Egyptian authorities have administratively detained individuals who were suspected of membership in banned organizations such as the Muslim Brotherhood, as well as individuals engaged in peaceful demonstrations expressing opposition to the war in Iraq or support for the Palestinian uprising. Human Rights Watch has criticized this practice as the use of emergency legislation for 'repression of public dissent'. Amnesty International charges that relatives of political prisoners in Egypt have been administratively detained solely because of their family relationship. The Egyptian government refuses to disclose how many administrative detainees are held, but human rights groups estimate that 16,000-20,000 are held in detention without charge.
Ireland.
Ireland utilizes administrative detention to control illegal immigration. Beginning in 1996, a legal framework was put in place to authorize the use of administrative detention for this purpose. This legal framework includes the Refugee Act, 1996, the Immigration Acts, 1999, 2003 and 2004, and the Illegal Immigrants (Trafficking) Act 2000. According to official Irish government statistics, in 2003-2004, a total of 2,798 people were administratively detained for immigration-related reasons, two thirds of whom were held in prison for periods of longer than 51 days. The vast majority (more than 90%) of detainees are held in one of two Dublin prisons, Cloverhill Prison (male detainees) and the Dóchas Centre at Mountjoy Prison (female detainees). The rest are held in prisons as well as border control (Garda Síochána) stations.
The Council of Europe and human rights organizations have criticized the overcrowded conditions in which the detainees are held, as well as the fact that detainees are held together with convicted criminals. In addition, Human Rights Consultants have reported that Irish law does not protect the rights of detainees, by not informing them of their right to challenge the legality of their detention, nor recognizing their rights to have access to a lawyer and to have access to medical care.
Israel.
The legal basis for Israel's use of Administrative Detention is the British Mandate 1945 Law on Authority in States of Emergency' as amended in 1979. Administrative detention is often used for indefinite detention of Palestinian political prisoners. It seems to be mainly used by Israel against individuals not engaged in violent activities. Administrative detention is also used in cases where the available evidence consists of information obtained by the security services (particularly the Shin Bet), and where a trial would reveal sensitive security information, such as the identities of informers or infiltrators.
Although it is commonly applied to alleged Palestinian militants, it has in the past also a few times been applied to Jewish Israeli citizens, including Jewish right-wing public-figures and activists (e.g. in the aftermath of the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin) and in more recent years sometimes to settlers for short periods.
Within Israel, the Defense Minister has the authority to issue Administrative Detention orders for up to 6 months in cases where there is a reasonable chance that the person harms the security of the state. The same Minister has the authority to renew such orders. Likewise, the Chief of the General Staff can issue such orders, but valid for only 48 hours. Law enforcement authorities have to show cause within 48 hours (in a hearing behind closed doors). Administrative Detention orders can be appealed to the District Court and, if denied there, to the Supreme Court of Israel. The District Court can annul such orders if it finds the administrative detention occurred for reasons other than security (e.g., common crimes, or the exercise of freedom of expression). Overall supervisory authority on the application of the relevant law rests with the Minister of Justice.
Within the West Bank and Gaza Strip, any local army commander can issue an administrative detention order, and the order can be appealed at the local military court, or, if denied there, at the Supreme Court. Here too, an administrative detention order is valid for at most six months, but can be renewed by the appropriate authority. Israel refers its use of administrative detention in the occupied territories to Article 78 of the Fourth Geneva Convention 1949, which states that "If the Occupying Power considers it necessary, for imperative reasons of security, to take safety measures concerning protected persons, it may, at the most, subject them to assigned residence or to internment."
According to Addameer, Israel held 285 Palestinians in administrative detention in June 2012. Eighteen of them were members of parliament, out of 4,706 political prisoners. According to B'Tselem, as of April 2012, about 308 Palestinians were being held under administrative detention by the Israel Prisons Service (IPS) and statistics on those held by the IDF were unavailable. According to IPS figures for December 2012, 178 Palestinians were being held in administrative detention (without charge or trial). As of December 2013, B'Tselem reported that 140 Palestinians were being held under administrative detention by the IPS.
Jordan.
The Crime Prevention Law (No. 7 of 1954) in Jordan authorizes administrative detention. Authority resides with Jordan's provincial governors and the administrators of provincial subdivisions. The law allows the detention of anyone "about to commit a crime or to assist in its commission", people who "'habitually' steal, shelter thieves, or fence stolen goods" or anyone deemed to present "a danger to the people" if they are not detained. Although the Crime Prevention Law does not provide a legal basis for the use of administrative detention for "protective custody", the law was routinely used until 2007 to detain women at risk of violence, honor killing by family members for example. The use of the law in this way has been criticized by the United Nations and Human Rights Watch. In 2007, the government opened the Wifaq Center for women at risk of violence, and in 2008, women who had been in protective custody were transferred from prison to the center, although the practice of sending women to prison for "protective custody" using the Crime Prevention Law has not completely ceased. Detained women cannot obtain their own release, the transfer must be approved by the family members who have threatened the women. According to Jordan's National Centre for Human Rights, administrative detention was used in 11,870 cases in 2008, 16,050 in 2009, 12,345 in 2010, and 11,345 in 2011. The law does not provide for independent or court review of the administrative detention decisions although detainees can petition the High Court of Justice.
Syria.
Legislative Decree No. 51 of 22 December 1962 introduced the State of Emergency Law, which came into force on 8 March 1963, that allowed the security forces to hold suspects in preventive detention without judicial oversight for indefinite periods.
United Kingdom.
The UK has maintained many forms of Administrative detention over the years. The most recent forms were a series of Acts intended to introduce a form of administrative detention to Northern Ireland under the auspices of the Prevention of Terrorism (Temporary Provisions) Act 1974. This Act allowed the security forces to apprehend and detain persons suspected of terrorist activities without trial for an unlimited period. The introduction of the Act led directly to the creation of internment camps (particularly Long Kesh (the Maze) and the prison ship HMS "Maidstone" where suspects were detained, some for protracted periods.
The Act of 1974 was amended a number of times during the late 20th and early 21st century, the most recent incarnation being the Prevention of Terrorism Act 2005 which introduced the concept of the control order, itself a more politically palatable means of limiting the freedom of a suspect without the need to provide a court of law with prima facie evidence of any wrongdoing.
United States.
The United States currently uses indefinite detention without trial - known under various names as internment, civil commitment, preventive detention, or administrative detention - to hold people who fall within a few narrow categories, including the mentally ill (involuntary commitment), and "sexually violent predators", though the right of habeas corpus still applies, and some determinations regarding mental illness and sexual dangerousness are made by juries.
During World War II, the United States detained over 100,000 Japanese Americans in internment camps; smaller numbers of German Americans and Italian Americans were interned.
The United States also utilizes administrative detention as a counter-terrorism measure, and as a means to control illegal immigration. There are approximately 100,000 persons in removal proceedings at any one time, and about 31,000 held in detention during these proceedings.
Following the September 11 attacks, the USA PATRIOT Act was passed.
The Act expanded the authority of law enforcement agencies to use administrative detention for the stated purpose of fighting terrorism in the United States and abroad. Under the Act, any person (citizen or alien) suspected of terrorist connections may be administratively detained for up to seven days without the benefit of an habeas corpus proceeding. The Attorney General, at his discretion, may extend this seven-day period to six months, and this extension itself may be renewed indefinitely – legally creating the possibility of lifetime imprisonment without ever facing charges. One of the criticisms of the PATRIOT Act is that the Attorney General's decision is not subject to any judicial review, unlike the situation in other democratic countries which have similar administrative detention laws.
As part of the War on Terror, and particularly during and after the War in Afghanistan, U.S. forces captured hundreds of suspected terrorists, who were subsequently detained without trial at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. The U.S. initially refused to grant these detainees prisoner of war status, holding that they were illegal (unlawful) enemy combatants. Of the 775 detainees incarcerated at Guantanamo, 420 have been released without charge, and only one has been tried and convicted. U.S. authorities claim that they intend to put 60-80 more on trial.
Criticism by human rights groups.
Administrative detention practices have come under severe criticism, with critics claiming that it breaches human rights.
Amnesty International believes that administrative detention breaches Article 9 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) which "makes clear that no-one should be subjected to arbitrary detention and that deprivation of liberty must be based on grounds and procedures established by law". The ICCPR does allow a government, under narrow circumstances, such as a public emergency threatening the life of a nation, to temporarily derogate from its obligation not to engage in arbitrary detention.
Amnesty International is also concerned that prisoners of conscience are being "held solely for the non-violent exercise of their right to freedom of expression and association".
The United Nations has created the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention on the issue. One of the issues the group has focused on is the determination whether a detention is arbitrary or not – which is not as clear-cut in the case of administrative detention as it is in the case of criminal arrest. The group has proposed certain guidelines to aid in such determination. For example, it has suggested that any deprivations of liberty that violate the freedom of association must be deemed arbitrary. Based on these guidelines, the group has condemned countries who have used long-term administrative detention when the detainees were held for the mere fact of belonging to an "illegal organization.".

</doc>
<doc id="5952288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952288" title="Eamonn Butler">
Eamonn Butler

Eamonn Butler (born 1952) is a British economist. He is Director and co-founder of the Adam Smith Institute think tank, and an author and broadcaster on economic and social issues.
Career.
Butler graduated from the University of Aberdeen and the University of St Andrews in the 1970s; he has degrees in philosophy, economics and psychology. He worked on pensions and welfare issues for the United States House of Representatives in Washington DC, before returning to the UK where he served as editor of the British Insurance Broker monthly before devoting himself full-time to the Adam Smith Institute, which he helped found in 1977. His brother is Stuart Butler.
Recognition.
Butler and his colleague Madsen Pirie received the 2010 "National Free Enterprise Award", given out by the Adam Smith Institute and he is one of Total Politics magazine’s "Top 50 Political Influencers" in the UK, ranking Number 30 on their list.
He has also won the "Freedom Medal" of the Freedoms Foundation at Valley Forge in the USA, and is a former Vice-President of the Mont Pelerin Society, an international body of classical liberal economists founded by Friedrich Hayek. He is currently serving on the Executive Committee of the 2012-2014 Mont Pelerin Society Board of Directors.
Writing.
Butler is author of academic books on the work of three of this century's leading economists: "Hayek: His Contribution to the Economic and Political Thought of Our Time"; "Milton Friedman: A Guide to his Economic Thought"; "Ludwig von Mises: A Primer"; "Ludwig von Mises: Fountainhead of the Modern Microeconomics Revolution".
He has written several books on current economic topics, including: "The Best Book on the Market"; "The Rotten State of Britain"; "The Alternative Manifesto"; and (with Robert Schuettinger) "Forty Centuries of Wage and Price Controls".
He is also co-author of a number of books on intelligence and IQ testing.
He has contributed extensively to national magazines and newspapers on subjects ranging from health policy, economic management, taxation and public spending, transport, pensions, and e-government.
Butler has edited or contributed to Adam Smith Institute reports on many policy subjects, such as transport ("Private Road Ahead", "Roads and the Private Sector", and "A Decade of Bus Deregulation"), health ("The Health of Nations", "The Health Alternatives", "Health Management Units", "Good Health: The Role of HMOs", and "Scottish Health Markets"), long-term care ("Quest for Care", "The Future of Long-Term Care", and "Extending Care"), pensions and welfare ("The Future of Pensions", "The Fortune Account", "The End of the Welfare State", "Singapore versus Chile" and "The Great Escape").

</doc>
<doc id="5952297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952297" title="Julia (Eurythmics song)">
Julia (Eurythmics song)

"Julia" is a song performed by British pop duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart for their album "1984 (For the Love of Big Brother)", which served as the soundtrack to the film "1984", an adaptation of the political novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four" by George Orwell. The song was produced by Stewart and was the second and final single released from the album.
Song information.
Musical concept.
The song is a ballad with very sparse electronic instrumentation and an almost a cappella performance by Lennox. Her vocals are accentuated by vocoder effects in the background. The title and lyrics of the song are based upon the novel's heroine and love interest, Julia. The cover artwork for the single is a still image from the film, featuring English actress Suzanna Hamilton as Julia.
Midway through the song, an instrumental line based on J. S. Bach's "Fugue #2 in C Minor" from The Well Tempered Clavier, Book 1, can be heard.
Breaking a string of six consecutive Top 10 hits, "Julia" peaked at number 44 on the UK singles chart.
Other versions.
The version of "Julia" found on the soundtrack differs from the one being played during the end-credits of the film - which is more string based with less synthetic arrangements. This is also the case for many of the other songs on the soundtrack versus their version used in the film.
Track listings.
7"
12"

</doc>
<doc id="5952300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952300" title="Oberweißbach">
Oberweißbach

Oberweißbach (or Oberweissbach) is a town in the district of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, in Thuringia, Germany. 
Overview.
It is situated in the Thuringian Forest, southwest of Saalfeld. On 1 December 2008, it incorporated the former municipality Lichtenhain/Bergbahn.

</doc>
<doc id="5952307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952307" title="Claude François Lallemand">
Claude François Lallemand

Claude François Lallemand (January 26, 1790, Metz – August 25, 1854, Marseilles) was a French physician.
After serving as assistant surgeon in the armies of the Empire, he studied in Paris at the Hotel Dieu under Guillaume Dupuytren, and, from 1819 to 1845, was Professor of Clinical Surgery at Montpellier, with the exception of three years, during which he was suspended for his liberal political expressions. In 1832 he succeeded Jacques Mathieu Delpech (1777–1832) as doyen (dean) of surgery in Montpellier.
His most important work, "Recherches Anatomica Pathologiques sur l’Encephale et ses Dependances" (Paris, 1820–1836), established his reputation, and was translated into many languages.
In 1845 he was elected to the French Academy of Sciences, removed to Paris, and was consulted by patients from every part of Europe. One of his famous patients in Montpellier was Ibrahim Pasha (1789–1848), who became viceroy of Egypt in 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="5952330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952330" title="The Party Ain't Over Yet">
The Party Ain't Over Yet

"The Party Ain't Over Yet..." is the twenty-seventh album by English rock band Status Quo, released September 19, 2005.
Personnel.
Recorded at Jacobs Studios

</doc>
<doc id="5952346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952346" title="Quartet (disambiguation)">
Quartet (disambiguation)

A Quartet is a musical group of four people or a piece written for four musicians
Quartet may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5952367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952367" title="1997 Minnesota Twins season">
1997 Minnesota Twins season

The 1997 Minnesota Twins will not be remembered as the strongest team the Twins ever fielded. Manager Tom Kelly's team consisted of a few solid players, but mainly past-their-prime veterans and never-to-be-established prospects. One of the few bright spots was pitcher Brad Radke’s breakout season. The team finished with a 68-94 record, good enough for fourth place in the league’s weakest division.
Offense.
In 1996, catcher Terry Steinbach had a 35-home run, 100-RBI season with the Oakland Athletics in a contract year. Unfortunately for the Twins, he followed it up with a 12-home run, 54-RBI season with his hometown team. Scott Stahoviak played in half the games at first base but batted only .229. Second baseman Chuck Knoblauch, the team’s lone all-star, had a great year with the Twins, batting .291 and stealing a career-high 62 bases. The contrast between his season and his team’s season led him to demand a trade, a demand the team obliged by sending him to the New York Yankees the following February. Ron Coomer had a competent year at third, hitting .298 with 13 home runs. Pat Meares hit .276, an above-average season for him. The primary outfielders – Marty Cordova, Rich Becker, and Matt Lawton – had mediocre seasons. This was disappointing, because Cordova and Becker were coming off of the best years in their careers. Designated hitter Paul Molitor had a good year, batting .305 with 89 RBI, but it did not match his stellar 1996 numbers. Veterans like Roberto Kelly and Greg Colbrunn performed reasonably well off the bench.
Pitching.
Brad Radke had a breakout year, going 20-10 with an ERA of 3.87. Bob Tewksbury and Rich Robertson spent most of the year in the starting rotation, but both had losing records. In the final two spots, LaTroy Hawkins, Scott Aldred, and Frank Rodriguez respectively had 20, 15, and 15 starts. Of these three, Rodriguez was the only one with an ERA under 5. Rick Aguilera had a good year as the team’s closer, earning 26 saves in not very many opportunities. Eddie Guardado, Mike Trombley, Greg Swindell, and Todd Ritchie had competent seasons in the bullpen. At the end of the season, Dan Serafini played well in six games, giving some hope for the future.
Defense.
Steinbach played well at catcher, backed up by Greg Myers. Stahoviak played in 81 games at first, with Colbrunn in 64. Knoblauch won a Gold Glove at second base in a season that gave no indication of his future throwing problems. Coomer (third base) and Meares (shortstop) were average at their positions. The three outfielders played well in the field.
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
Other batters.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
Awards and honors.
All-Star Game

</doc>
<doc id="5952378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952378" title="Oberwiesenthal">
Oberwiesenthal

Oberwiesenthal is a town and a ski resort in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in Saxony in Germany. It is situated in the Ore Mountains, on the border with the Czech Republic, 19 km south of Annaberg-Buchholz, and 23 km northeast of Karlovy Vary. At , it is the highest town in Germany. The Olympic and World Championships goldmedalist in ski jumping Jens Weißflog competed for SC Tractor Oberwiesenthal and Oberwiesenthaler SV.
Geography.
Oberwiesenthal lies in the county of Erzgebirgskreis, on the border with the Czech Republic that follows the course of the Pöhlbach stream as far as Bärenstein (10 km northeast). The highest elevation in the borough its the Fichtelberg (sometimes called the "Großer Fichtelberg" or Great Fichtelberg) which, at , is the highest mountain in Saxony.
Other important mountains in the region around Oberwiesenthal are the:
Neighbouring municipalities.
On the Czech side is the municipality of Loučná pod Klínovcem "(Böhmisch Wiesenthal)" and, further west, is Boží Dar "(Gottesgab)". Adjacent municipalities in Germany are Bärenstein, Crottendorf, Sehmatal, Breitenbrunn/Erzgeb. and Raschau-Markersbach.
History.
The "new town in the Wiesen valley" (""Neustadt am Wiesenthal"") was founded in 1527 by the lords of Schönburg as a mining town because, one year earlier, silver ore had been found in the region. By 1530 the new settlement had been granted town rights and, in 1559, its ownership passed to the House of Wettin.
Mining operations finally wound up in the 19th century and tourism increasingly took its place during the 20th. However, after the Second World War, there were attempts by the Russians to mine uranium for the nuclear arms race in the Zechengrund, today a nature reserve. Traces of their activity are still visible. On 1 September 1921 Oberwiesenthal was merged with the town of Unterwiesenthal further down the valley, which had first been mentioned in the records in 1406 and had town rights by 1510.
Politics.
Town council.
The town council of Oberwiesenthal consists of 14 councillors and the directly elected mayor or "Bürgermeister", who presides over the council. The local elections of 7 June 2009, which had a voter participlation of 62.5%, the following result:
Mayor.
Heinz-Michael Kirsten (CDU) was elected mayor ("Bürgermeister") in January 2002. By February 2002 the Annaberg district office ("Landratsamt Annaberg") had declared this result void due to unpermitted election advertising. This resulted in a five-year legal battle by all sides that ended with a decision in 2007 by the Federal Administrative Court in Leipzig, that confirmed the decision in February 2007 by the administrative appeals tribunal ("Oberverwaltungsgericht") of Bautzen as legal. Heinz-Michael Kirsten was then sent on leave by the regional authority ("Regierungspräsidium"). On 4 November 2007 a new election took place in which no party achieved an absolute majority. In the second round of elections on 18 November the independent (now FDP) candidate, Mirko Ernst, was elected mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="5952381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952381" title="South Wales, New York">
South Wales, New York

South Wales, New York is a hamlet in the towns of Aurora and Wales in Erie County, New York, USA.
WGRZ's broadcast tower and in-house weather radar are based in the hamlet.

</doc>
<doc id="5952387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952387" title="Kristian Draude">
Kristian Draude

Kristian Draude (born 01/02/1977) is a German musician who has worked with artists including Elton John, Sarah Brightman, and Gregorian. The music he has written and produced has sold over 5 million albums. In addition, he has also composed music for television shows, short films, commercials, web performances and multi-media applications.
Biography.
Draude started playing drums at the age of ten. Four years later he recorded the first album with his band Lazy Strike under Steffi Stefan, producer of German rock legends like Udo Lindenberg and Peter Maffay.
After getting live experience with different bands and musicals he moved to Hamburg, where he formed the band JAW. In the year 2000 the album "No blue peril" was released. The band played over 100 concerts all over Europe and was nominated for various German awards.
In addition, Draude worked as an engineer, programmer and songwriter for producer Peter Hoffmann, who produced artists including Falco, Oli.P, and German shooting stars Tokio Hotel.
In 2001 Draude concentrated on studio work, produced and wrote for acts like the international selling dance-act ATC, Spanish pop star Princessa, the German Star Search winners and many other bands. At this time, he built his own recording studio, Most Fresh Studio.
In 2002 he started working with producer Frank Peterson, who had worked with artists including Enigma and Sarah Brightman. He wrote and produced music for several Sarah Brightman records including "Harem" and "Live from Las Vegas". In 2004 the song "The War Is Over" from "Harem" won an Arabian music award. 
Currently, Draude works as a studio drummer and plays live concerts, radio and television shows for artists including Elton John, Sugababes, Chris de Burgh, Ronan Keating, Gregorian, Jasmin Wagner and Palomino.

</doc>
<doc id="5952388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952388" title="Yamato 1">
Yamato 1

Yamato 1 is a boat built in the early 1990s by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd at Wadasaki-cho Hyogo-ku, Kobe. She uses magnetohydrodynamic drives (MHDs) driven by liquid helium-cooled superconductors and can travel at 15 km/h (8 knots).
"Yamato 1" was the first working prototype of its kind. She was completed in Japan in 1991, by the Ship & Ocean Foundation (later known as the Ocean Policy Research Foundation). The ship, which includes two MHD thrusters, which have no moving parts, was first successfully operated in Kobe harbour in June 1992. 
An MHD works by applying a magnetic field to an electrically conducting fluid. The electrically conducting fluid used in the MHD thrusters of "Yamato 1" is seawater.
In the 1990s, Mitsubishi built several prototypes of ships propelled by MHD systems. Despite projected higher speeds, these ships were only able to reach speeds of 15 km/h.
Today "Yamato 1" is on display at the Kobe Maritime Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="5952395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952395" title="The Bastards">
The Bastards

The Bastards can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5952399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952399" title="Kassam">
Kassam

Kassam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5952403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952403" title="Songpa District">
Songpa District

Songpa-gu is a "district" of Seoul, South Korea. Songpa is located at the southeastern part of Seoul, the capital of Korea, Songpa is a district with the largest population. It was selected as a capital of a kingdom 2,000 years ago, and is now home to 647,000 residents. Songpa is generally referred to as a part of Greater Gangnam Area along with Gangnam District and Seocho District. 
Songpa was at the center of 1988 Seoul Olympics, and most of the sporting facilities associated with that event are located within the district.
In 2009, Songpa District won the Livcom Awards of UNEP for the most liveable city
Administrative goal and direction.
Emblem.
A pine tree, the tree of Songpa, represents vitality and prosperity. Five ovals symbolized pride in hosting the 1988 Seoul Olympics.
Character.
It symbolizes the monk of the Songpa mask drama, an intangible cultural property of Songpa District.
Slogan.
Songpa, a World-class city of culture
Goal.
City with the highest culture index in Korea
Administration.
The mayor of this district is Kim Young-soon (Hangul:김영순), who has been the only female mayor of the twenty-five mayors in Seoul since her election in July 2006.
Songpa's history and today.
Prehistoric times.
Neolithic people lived in the area along the Han River because of the existence of abundant water.
Gojoseon.
An ancient nation, Gojoseon, was established and more people moved to the region.
Hanseong Baekje era (BC 6 ~ AD 745).
The Songpa area was the 500 year-old capital of Baekjae. after 475 A.D. When Baekjae transferred its capital to the south, two other kingdoms fiercely battled for the ownership of hanseong for its geographical advantage.
Joseon Dynasty.
During this era, Songpa was the transportation heartland connection Hanyang, the capital of Joseon, with the rest of Joseon. There was a huge commercial hub around Samjeondo, Songpajin Sincheonjin, and Songpa naruter(ferry), which greatly influenced the Joseon economy.
1960~1970.
Songpa, once a calm rural area, started a land readjustment project in the 1970s, which transformed the region into a new, urban town.
1980s.
Songpa District hosted The 1986 Aasian games and the 1988 Seoul Olympics. the Jamsil Main Stadium and the Olympic park were constructed along with multilaned expressway, large-scale apartment complexes, and commercial facilities. Songpa became a "GU", separated from Gangdong District on May 15, 1988
2009.
In pursuit of sustainable and environment-friendly urban development and participatory local autonomy, Songpa District is being development as an autonomous district of Seoul city. with the legacy of Baekjae, it is aiming to become a world-class city that leads the future of Korea.
Economy.
In Songpa, these are the Garden5, is the hub of Northeast Asia's distribution market, and Garak Market for agricultural and aquatic products Asia‘s biggest market. Lotte World with 112 stories is planned to be built. Songpa eased regulation against construction in order to provide an optimal environment for economic activities.
For sure, Songpa will be a better district gradually. One factor that makes Songpa's future optimistic is the residents' community sentiment. At a time when the global economy's gloomy, public workers raised money to help create jobs for the jobless in the region.
Foundation of high-tech business zone.
“Songpa is at the head of Korea's future."
Songpa District draws its future as a "Economically revived district." To achieve this goal, high-tech business zone is being built in Munjeong-dong. This zone falls into three themes: future business with next generation semi-conduct, future automobile, digital contents, next generation battery, bio pharmaceutics, digital TV and display and next generation mobile set; the region's specialized business with pharmaceutics, medical instruments, medicine, health care and construction and engineering service; administrational function with court, prosecutor's office and police office. Songpa plans to manage this three-sector zone as a driving force for the future.
Garden 5.
"Garden 5 is the biggest hub for distribution in Asia."
One-stop shopping mall Garden 5 is the biggest distribution hub in Korea and meets the demand of distribution, culture and leisure. It consists of five special blocks: 'Garden 5 Life' with more than 8,300 shops; the process manufacture complex 'Garden 5 works' where processing products like press, turnery, bolt and light are manufactured; the large resale facility 'Garden 5 Tool'; distribution block; activation block.
Remodeling of Garak Market.
"It is hub market for agricultural and marine products in Northeast Asia."
Garak Marketplace is going through remodeling until 2020 and will be set with eco-friendly products, convenient and clean environment and modernized distribution system, to be hub market in Northeast Asia.
Through remodeling, the market will be transformed into theme park style market with eco-friendly underground and green, cultural park-like style on the ground. Construction for remodeling will be one by one in order, not to interrupt the business.
Second Lotte World Building with 112 stories.
Planned to be built in Sincheon-dong, this building will be 555-meter tall and has 624,642㎡ of floor space. It will have 112 ground floors and 5 underground floors. An estimated 1.7 trillion won will be invested and more than 23,000 jobs will be created in building a second Lotte World Building. It is expected to create Asia's largest commercial zone and 2.5 million employment effect annually.
Revitalization of regional economy.
"To overcome economic crisis, public workers at Songpa-gu office saved fringe benefits and service operation expenses. As a result, 1,270 jobs (worth 10 billion won) were created."
Focusing on reduction in unemployment rate as a way to overcome economic crisis, Songpa District launched a handful of projects.
First of all, Songpa benchmarked the project of the US when it hired the job-seekers with higher educational degrees for building data base during the Great Depression. Songpa employed 120 people in computerizing important data of Songpa District. Through data base computerization, Songpa contributed to green growth by saving paper.
Special budget of 5 billion won that was raised through savings of incentives, fringe benefits and service operation expenses was used in creating 1,270 jobs including administrative home-delivery service, stop smoking promotion, welfare servicemanship and helper for the elderly.
Town planning.
"Songpa contributed to regional economy by easing construction regulation."
Songpa seeks to revitalize regional economy by easing construction regulation through town planning.
"Olympic Street maintenance and improvement project", for instance, is a project introduced to transfer motel zones in Bang-i, Sincheon and Jamsil, which was built for the Seoul Olympic 20 years ago to accommodate foreign visitors, into commercial building zones. Through the project, Songpa contributed to revitalizing regional economy by securing land required for business buildings.
"Songpa Daero maintenance and improvement project" is a town planning that is to develop the 283,500㎡ area around Seokchon Station intersection and Songpa Daero into a commercial area. Carrying out the project, Songpa took the lead in developing the economy by easing construction regulation and upgrading land use regulation.
‘Fallen Ginkgo Leaves' into tourism material.
"Songpa makes use of everything, even fallen leaves."
Songpa District maximizes the effectiveness of resources, by sending surplus resources, to other towns where they are needed.
In the fall, ginkgo leaves are all but are useless, being a headache. Songpa gathers these fallen leaves and sends them to Nam-i Island, a tourist attraction in Gangwon Province, so that the leaves can be used as a sightseeing for tourists. Songpa District saves disposal cost by 12 million won a year, thanks to the creative idea.
Resource recycling.
"Songpa saves money, protects the environment and shares resources at the same time at recycling plaza."
As school uniforms are as expensive as high quality suits these days, putting more burden on parents, Songpa District runs a recycling pool for used uniforms and books. In this center, a school uniform costs only 4,000 won. In 2008, 1,541 uniforms were sold and 116 were exchanged among the total 2,043 donated.
There are recycling centers in Geoyeo-dong and Jamsil-dong and the products are very reasonably priced compared to market prices. Products ranging from home appliance to cloths and shoes are qualified as they go through repair process after being donated from residents.
Songpa makes a good use of donated products and protects the environment at the same time, and more importantly, its residents share goods and have warmheart.
Education.
Songpa District is implementing a variety of education policies by expanding libraries, supporting improvement of school environment, providing home-stay for foreigners from Sister City, promoting public English education and supporting students from low-income families and alienated regions. These policies are getting fruitful results as they help produce human resource with great skills, provide a lifelong education for the residents, tap and develop individuals with talents and, finally, make a better community.
Library expansion.
There are 4 libraries called "Small Library on Pine Tree Hill" in Songpa District. They are small but easy to access, as they are close to residential areas. They are dubbed "Close-to-Life Library."
Through the "School Library Open-to-The-Public" system, Songpa District turned unused areas at schools into libraries open to residents. It is based on a win-win strategy since Songpa District could save money in its budget by using unused spaces in schools while the schools can supply more books supported by Songpa-gu office.
Unlike typical libraries, "Children-Only Library" provides children with a playground where they can enjoy playing as well as reading, and has more than 30,000 books and various facilities such as a child-care room, a theater and a foreign book room, all of which provoke children's imagination.
School zone safety.
In 37 school zones in Songpa, CCTV cameras (90 inside and 17 outside of schools) are installed to prevent accidents and crimes. Songpa District also makes every effort to ensure safe routes to schools by paving access roads to schools with vivid colors, paving non-skid treads, building speed bumps, safety barriers, traffic signals and traffic safety signs, and painting traffic lanes.
Improvement of school environment.
In order to provide a pleasant and safe environment in and around schools, Songpa District supports various programs: Songpa supports operational costs for school libraries, improvement of facilities for providing meals at schools, expansion of video and audio equipment, replacement of desks and chairs and installation of artificial grass, all of which help provide the best environment for education.
Child care center.
Songpa District opened "Children-Only Multiplex Facility," which has a theater, experiential education room, kid's book cafe and cafeteria. This facility is aimed at provoking children's imagination and helping them face challenges and also respect for their neighbors.
There are 33 child-care centers run by Songpa District to ease financial burden on parents. 6 centers specializing in infant care help working moms do their jobs without worrying about child-care while working. Another 25 child-care centers are operated from 7:30 PM to midnight especially for double income families and single-parent families.
Student exchange with international sister city.
Through the system, 100 students visit the sister city every summer. Students from Songpa and Christchurch, New Zealand, experience each other's culture and life for a month at home-stay houses in the sister city. Students from the two regions better understand another's culture while introducing their own to others, To do so, they feel proud of their own culture and get more global sense at the same time.
The program provides foreign students with an opportunity to experience Korean culture, learn more about the Asian country and build a closer friendship.
Education for gifted and talented students.
Songpa District designated a school district covering 12,852㎡ area in Munjeongdong development district in order to invite autonomous private high schools, high schools with special purposes, or schools for foreign students.
Songpa District also supports 120 students in 2 schools for special education for the gifted in mathematics and science.
Improvement of public education.
Songpa established programs for English education for primary schools through "Culture Experience English Class", 260 students from 37 primary schools in Songpa go on a field trip using only English. "English Village Tour" is for sixth grade students, through which they stay for 3 days in the specially built village Pungnap Camp using English only. Songpa will be allocating Native tutors in every primary school by 2010 and specially supporting 19 schools (12 primary, and 7 secondary schools) by backing "After-School English Teacher" that would take charge of after-school, supplementary lessons and special activity classes. By making these efforts, Songpa District supports English education in the era of globalization while helping relieve parents with financial burden, paying for private education.
Support for students from low-income families.
For students from low-income or jobless families, Songpa adopted "One-Account-per-One-citizen" movement in which 10 residents save 10,000 won a month for a year to help one student. As of May 2009, 673.8 million won is saved in 5,615 bank accounts, and 93.5 million won was granted to 103 students. Songpa aims to save a total of 5 billion won by 2011.
"Mentorship Program" is an after-class program for students from low-income families, under which mentors consisting of college students, current and former teachers and other volunteers visit students once a week for a year to help the study and counsel them. This man-to-man program is the largest of its kind in Seoul.
Special training program for women.
To support women's economic activities, Songpa opens "Town-visiting Local Tax Law Fair" that helps women better understand local tax law by explaining diverse taxable and non-taxable laws and pretest cases filed against the office.
For female drivers, there is a "Car Maintenance Class for Female Drivers", which is becoming popular as it teaches them from general sense, to how to change a tire, and to take emergency measures.
Culture.
Songpa District tries to maintain health and mental well-being of its people by holding enjoyable festivals and artistic events, by supporting athletic organizations, and by building sports facilities.
Art centers.
"Songpa Culture & Art Center is Seoul's landmark, just like the Opera House in Sydney."
Take a look at the fact that Songpa is forming an art-belt consisting of Songpa Culture and Art Center, Charlotte Musical Center and Woori Financial Art Hall, and one would find that Songpa District is planning to be the mecca of artistic performances like Broadway in New York.
First of all, Songpa Culture and Art Center is planned to be completed by 2011 on the eastern side of Seokchon Lake. The center will accommodate as many as 1,500 people with its 3 floors and 2 underground floors. Various genres of arts including musical, concert, ballet and modern dance will be performed at the center located by a beautiful lake especially at night, driving Songpa to the mecca of culture and art.
The weight lifting stadium in Olympic Park was transformed into a musical theater Woori Financial Art Hall. This hall with 1,260 seats is fine and modernized. Charlotte Musical Center, another art hall with its interior and exterior of medieval European design performs more than 1,000 musicals a year. Thanks to the hall and the center exclusively designed for musicals, Songpa deserves to be an art district.
Hanseong Baekje Culture Festival.
"The area was founded as the capital of Baekje Kingdom, the rein power of East Asia, for about 500 years when it had the most flourishing and glorious culture in history."
The period is called "Hanseong Baekje" and lasted for 493 years from 2,000 years ago when Baekje's founder King Onjo established Hanam-wiryeseong as its capital until the capital was replaced with Wungjin.
Hanseong Baekje period had an elegant culture and powerful national defense force. In an effort to memorize the ancestors' spirit, Songpa holds Hanseong Baekje Culture Festival almost every year since 1994, and this year, the festival marks its tenth anniversary. The festival is gaining more popularity as there are enjoyable events, including a history and culture street parade, Baekje culture experience events, folk performances and a Baekje costume show.
Designated as a culture festival by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism in 2008, Hanseong Baekje Culture Festival virtually became Korea's representative festival.
To memorize Hanseong Baekje's history, Songpa District is planning to build "Hanseong Baekje Museum" in which the antiques and remains not only from Hanseong Baekje Period but also from prehistoric age and the era of Three States will be exhibited, so that visitors can better understand Songpa's 2,000-year history.
Local Events.
"In festivals, tradition and contemporary arts are in harmony, while Korea and the world are combined."
In spring, more than 25,000 people visit "Seokchon Lake and Seongnae stream Festival" a day to enjoy the cherry blossom, which was planted and raised by the residents. In the festival, people enjoy cherry blossoms all day at a variety of musical concerts and participate cherry blossom road walking event, photo contest and writing contest.
Dan-o is a traditional holiday on the fifth day of the fifth month of the calendar, when ancestors used to pray for a good harvest for the year as the sunlight of the day is believed to be the brightest for the year. Among the most enjoyable traditional plays are seesawing and Pungmulnori
Koreans celebrate the first full moon day of the lunar year when the full moon is the biggest and the brightest, by praying for their hopes. Through traditional rites including bridge-treading rite, a tug of war and Catherine wheel game, festival participants learn Korea's cooperative values and have fun.
Performance.
“There are various artistic performances staged in beautiful nature."
Thanks to waterside stage constructed at Seokchon Lake and Seongnae stream, the dirty lake and stream were restored into an eco-friendly park where the residents enjoy both the beautiful nature and artistic performances in diverse genres including classical music, opera, jazz dance and fusion music performed on the waterside stage.
Korea's traditional folk song performance is staged on every Sunday in Seoul Nori Madang that is aimed at promoting Korean traditional folk songs. People enjoy traditional folk plays designated as intangible culture assets like farm band, masked dance, classical dance, farm music and other folk songs. The domed hall accommodates 2,500 audiences, and performances are staged for four seasons.
There is another artistic stage for Songpa residents with a higher desire of culture and arts. "Suyo-mudae" stages noble artistic performances like plays, operas and musicals on every Wednesday in Songpa Gumin Hall run by Songpa District.
Songpa-gu Art Troupes.
"Songpa has 6 world class art troupes."
To help the residents fulfill their desire of culture and art, and to develop and expand local culture and art, Songpa District makes every effort in building the district as "a mecca of culture and art" by establishing Songpa District's own art troupes.
Songpa runs a choir that won a number of national competitions, a symphony orchestra that was formed to promote classical music, a ballet troupe beyond genres from classical to contemporary, a folk art troupe formed to promote Korean traditional arts in Songpa's sister cities home and abroad, and silver choir and silver orchestra, both of which are showing the power of the elderly in national events and TV and radio music shows.
Songpa District's art troupes voluntarily do their jobs for the community. Playing a major part in promoting Songpa District, the troupes are the so-called preachers of art.
Environment.
Songpa District is constantly thriving to be the district with the best environment while also allowing its residents live a happy life.
To fight against global warming, Songpa District is implementing new policies responding to the climate change, including the Waterway Project under which nearby streams are to be linked to one another. This ambitious project is the residents' pride.
Songpa tries to build a cleaner environment by transferring an unacceptable facility to the outer area, by improving transportation system responding to the increase in transportation volume, and by expanding parks and green zones.
Songpa's living environment is aimed to be the best in the world.
Solar power plant "Nanum" to fulfill welfare while protecting the environment.
"Profit earned by the power plant is used to support utility fees in low-income families in Songpa."
Songpa District invests 300 million won in Solar Power Plant Nanum project, and 25% of the profit earned by the power plant is spent for low-income households' utility fee, another 25% goes to people in need in the third world and the other 50% is invested in the second Nanum plant.
An estimated 600 million won will be used to support low-income families in Songpa for the next 15 years. Playing a critical role in reducing air pollution while helping people in need, this project created a sensation in the nation.
Alongside the walking course by Jangji stream, 44 street lights are installed with eco-friendly LED solar lights, contributing to energy saving. One solar street light produces 225W of electricity an hour, and stays on for 3 days when it is exposed to the sun for four hours.
Songpa takes the lead in responding to the climate change.
"Songpa's policies against the climate change were introduced in the summit talks of C40."
In "Climate Exhibition" during C40 summit talks designed to build cooperation among major cities aimed to be low carbon dioxide cities, Songpa's policies against global warming were introduced. The EXPO ensured Songpa District's position as a leading community in Korea to cope with the climate change by demonstrating the accomplishment effectively. During the EXPO, Songpa District's best practices to deal with the climate change, such as 'Songpa Nanum powerhouse','CO2 Home Doctor', 'Songpa SPB (the unattended bicycle rental)', 'A model apartment for coping with the climate change', and the accomplishment of the project 'the city on the water' was presented on the site. And also, a generator that charges cell phone by riding a bicycle was displayed on 'a climate play ground'.
※ C40 Large Cities Climate Summit (The summit of the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group)
The alliance of large cities which feel responsible for discharging over 80% of the Global 'greenhouse gases' to cope with the climate change, established in London, 2005.
Songpa organized "Green Songpa Committee" for the first time among Korea's municipal governments. The environment governance organization consisting of environmental specialists, NGOs, businessmen, residents and government officers evaluate and advise the district's environment policies. The committee is taking the lead in environmental initiatives.
Songpa District established "CO₂ Mileage" policy in an effort to reduce green house gas emission. Under the policy, the amount of saved energy including electricity, gas and water from every home is counted by points, and residents use the points like cash. Songpa District plans to encourage half of its residents to participate in the voluntary policy by 2010.
As Songpa has always been making every effort to fight against global warming by implementing effective and creative polices, it produces fruitful results.
District of Water.
"Songpa District is a pleasant and beautiful area with nearby lake and streams."
Songpa District will link four nearby streams (Han River, Seongnae stream, Jangji stream and Tan stream) to one another through the dubbed Waterway Project. Songpa will be a unique island-like district when Waterway Project is completed by 2012, which is aimed at building Songpa an eco-friendly district where water, nature and human being are harmonized with one another.
Nature Eco Network is a 27 km long forest with a willow volley and a reserve of wild lives. In Walk Network, people can sense Songpa's history and culture while taking a walk, and feel the fresh air when riding a bicycle on Bicycle Network.
The Seokchon lake, which was generated from the Han River as the result of the multiple purpose development of Jamsil in the 1970s, had been averted by the residents because of a nasty smell, in spite of the fact that it's the only lake in the downtown of Seoul. The smell came from water pollution from concrete materials. But, in the 2000s, it was reborn as the real rest area where attract the visitors of 20,000~30,000 on weekdays, over 50,000 on weekends and are the nests for animals and plants including aquatic plants. And, this is the result of the development project for the natural ecology park.
On June, 2005, Sungnae-chun was also resuscitated as a beautiful river through the development project for the ecology river. It was a dried river due to the low volume of water flow during the 1970s~the 1980s. But in 2009 it was selected as 'the most beautiful 100 rivers in Korea' by Land, Transport and Maritime Affairs.
If the four rivers in 'waterway' are the main artery, a streamlet is a vessel. Songpa District developed a streamlet alongside South Beltway (1.5 km from Ogeum intersection ~ Olympic Park intersection ~ Seongnae Stream), easing hot island phenomena and reclaiming water at the same time.
Free bicycle rental SPB system.
"Rent a bicycle and return it at any among 300 rental sites."
Songpa has a free bicycle rent system called "Songpa Public Use Bike" or SPB, the nation's first of its kind, in which members of the system rent a bicycle free of charge 24 hours from 300 self-rental sites located every 300 meters away from one another.
With a SPB membership card, one can rent a bicycle and return it at any site among 300 in Songpa. SPB system upgraded Korea's bicycle culture for sure.
Expansion of bicycle infrastructure.
"There are free bicycle rental houses on the 101.81km long bicycle road."
Songpa made a huge success in initiating a handful of systems relating bicycle that other municipal governments rush to benchmark.
There are four free bicycle rental houses on the 101.8 km long bicycle road. Anyone with an identification card can rent a bicycle free of charge. The system plays a role in saving transportation costs and promoting bicycle riding at the same time.
There is a "Home-visiting bicycle repair" in Songpa, a system designed to relieve repair expense. Under the system, mechanics visit Songpa-gu offices, schools and apartments so that residents do not have to go too far to repair their bicycles.
Park.
"Songpa District has as many as 140 parks, the largest number among municipal districts in Seoul and has the highest green zone rate in Seoul."
A third of the total Songpa area is green zone: 10.98k㎡ or 32.4% of Songpa area is green zone, the highest rate among municipal districts in Seoul. Songpa District has as many as 140 parks, also the largest number in Seoul.
Each park has its own theme like a flower or a plant reflected by residents' opinion. The theme of Geon-neomal Park in Garak-dong is a rose, while Baekto Park is a wild flower park. The theme of Macheon Park is a royal azalea and Jamsil Park's main theme is aquatic plant. In these parks, diverse flower festivals and events including Royal Azalea Festival, Rose Festival, Garden Balsam Dyeing Festival, Eco Culture Class, Wild Plants Operation and Aquatic Plant Exhibition are held every year.
There are cherry blossom roads alongside of Seongnae stream and Jangjicheon stream. As the trees were donated by Songpa residents and are planted by them, each tree has a name tag of the donator and is taken a good care by them. Songpa led its people to voluntarily take part in preserving the environment in the district.
Convenient traffic.
"Roadways in Songpa are accessible to any direction."
Songpa District expands the road system and optimize the traffic system to respond to the probable increase in traffic volume in near future due to city planning such as Songpa New Town Project, construction of distribution unit in the Southeastern Area Project and Munjeong-dong Development Project.
The 3rd step of the new subway line number 9, the 8 km section, is scheduled to be completed by 2015. Subway line number 3 is planned to be extended to Suseo, Garak Market and Ogeum station in an effort for more balanced development.
Songpa plans to extend Tan stream bank alongside Songpadaero as traffic volume on the street is expected to increase. Songpa will also ease traffic by constructing a road linking Wiryeseong gil to Seongnae stream, and by connecting the unconnected section under Olympic Bridge.
Subway transfer center that is to be constructed on Jamsil Intersection, the most congested area, will ease traffic on the roads as more traffic is expected due to the second Lotte World building with 112 stories.
Ecological restoration.
water flowed in the streams. Even these streams were restored into eco-parks downtown.

</doc>
<doc id="5952404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952404" title="Blackpool Central railway station">
Blackpool Central railway station

Blackpool Central was the largest railway station in the town of Blackpool in the county of Lancashire, England. When it closed in 1964, it became the station with the highest number of platforms ever to close, comprising 14 platforms. Principal railway services to Blackpool now terminate at Blackpool North station.
History.
The station opened on 6 April 1863 as "Hounds Hill" and was renamed "Blackpool Central" in 1878. Initially, it was a relatively small town centre terminus for an isolated line running along the south Fylde coast from Lytham. In 1874 this line was connected to another branch from Lytham to Kirkham, allowing through trains from Preston and beyond. In 1901, the station was enlarged to include 14 platforms—the same number of platforms as London's busy Paddington terminus in 2006. A further development came in 1903 when an additional “Marton Line” was added, routed directly from Preston and considerably shorter and quicker. This arrangement made for very convenient and direct access to Blackpool's town centre, particularly the sea front and Blackpool Tower.
The station was the world's busiest Railway Station in 1911 
Central Station was the focus of Blackpool's worst incident during World War II. Blackpool was home base for a major flight training centre and a fighter squadron during the war. On 27 August 1941, two aircraft—a Blackburn Botha trainer and a Boulton Paul Defiant fighter—collided in midair over the sea, just off Blackpool's central seafront. The debris from the collision was strewn over a large area but a large part of it struck Central Station, causing severe damage and killing twelve people.
The station remained in service just long enough to see its centenary before its closure on 2 November 1964, against the original recommendation of the 1963 Beeching Plan, which had proposed the closure of Blackpool North station instead. Blackpool Corporation had successfully lobbied British Railways for Central to be closed instead, in order that it may buy the land for potentially lucrative redevelopment.
Part of the building was used as a bingo hall until 1973, at which point all buildings were demolished. The direct “Marton” line from Preston (which also passed through Blackpool South station) was closed in 1965, leaving a large tract of wasteland along with disused embankments and bridges.
Current use of the site.
The land reclaimed from the station buildings became the location of some sea front amusement arcades (Coral Island), a new police station and a multi-storey car park with some residual spare land used as additional flat car parking space. In the late 1980s, the derelict track bed of the central railway line was adapted into a road, Yeadon Way, connecting the town centre with the M55 motorway. This road terminates at Blackpool Central Car Park, based at the site of the former platform ends and approach tracks. The main claim to fame for this area is the place in which the Blackpool Illuminations are ceremonially switched on here with a large party and often local and national radio coverage. The very outer wall of the car park is the last visible remnant of the 1900 building. Traces of the infilled platforms can be seen in the ground of the Central car park.
A large part of the sidings and other land formerly belonging to British Rail were converted into a car park at about the same time as the road was completed. The toilets at the end near the promenade along with the aforementioned wall were all that remained of the station. The toilet block was demolished and replaced in 2009. An adjacent building formerly used as a railwaymen's hostel remains and has been converted into apartments and shops.

</doc>
<doc id="5952413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952413" title="Yunjing">
Yunjing

The Yunjing () is the oldest existing Chinese rhyme table – a series of charts which arrange Chinese characters in large tables according to their tone and syllable structures to indicate their proper pronunciations. Current versions of the "Yunjing" date to AD 1161 and 1203 editions published by Zhang Linzhi (張麟之). 
The "Yunjing"'s original author(s) and date of composition are unknown. Some of its elements, such as certain choices in its ordering, reflect features particular to the Tang dynasty, but no conclusive proof of an actual date of composition has yet been found.
The "Yunjing" contains 43 tables (), each of which tabulates combinations of a particular final rhyme (listed in rows) with various initials (listed in columns), in up to four tones, to show in a grid pattern all possible syllables. Empty circles on the grid denote that the author(s) were unaware of any word with that particular pronunciation. By locating a character in "Yunjing", a reader could identify its initial consonant (by looking at its column) and its "rhyme", or main vowel and ending consonant (by looking at its row), and combine the two to obtain the word's pronunciation. Zhang Linzhi's prefaces list a total of 36 possible initial consonants () – by comparison, modern Standard Mandarin only has 23.
Historical Chinese phonology uses the "Yunjing" as an accurate representation of Late Middle Chinese (10th – 12th century) phonology. The "Yunjing"'s use of this system represents a significant advancement in the Chinese' analysis of their own language, and is believed to have been inspired by their studies of Sanskrit phonological treatises and Buddhist mantras written in the Siddham script during in the Sui and Tang dynasties.
Layout.
Rows (Finals/rhymes).
Each of the 43 tables in the "Yunjing" is first divided into four large rows that correspond to the four tones of Middle Chinese: the level tone (), the rising tone (), the departing tone (), and the entering tone (). They are not explicitly marked as such, but the four characters are taken from each of the tone categories of the "Guangyun" rhyme dictionary. In the image at right, the first row – the level tone – is occupied by the level tone rhyme "dōng" 東, the second row – the rising tone – by the "dǒng" 董 rhyme, the third row – the departing tone – by "sòng" 送, and the fourth row – the entering tone – by "wū" 屋 (Cantonese: uk1).
Each large row is further subdivided into four grades or divisions (), forming four rows within each larger row. Characters' placement in the first through fourth grade seems to be related to their medial (glide) and main vowel, though their exact distinction is unclear.
Columns (Initials).
Each table is divided into six large columns representing syllables' place of articulation:
Large columns are further subdivided into two to six smaller columns, which can represent one of four possible sub-categories:
The "Yunjing" tables have only 23 columns – some columns represent more than one of the 36 possible initial consonants. Other rhyme tables, such as the "Qieyun zhizhangtu" (), do not combine the initials and have 36 full columns.

</doc>
<doc id="5952417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952417" title="Chaos Laboratory">
Chaos Laboratory

Chaos Laboratory is the debut album from psychedelic trance artists G.M.S., released in 1997 and it was remastered in 2006 with 2 new tracks, this is the remastered version.
Track listing.
The album was released on both CD and double-LP. The LP has a slightly different track order from what is listed here, and "Jaws" is replaced by "5th Rezeptor".

</doc>
<doc id="5952445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952445" title="Licensing Industry Merchandiser's Association">
Licensing Industry Merchandiser's Association

The Licensing Industry Merchandiser's Association (LIMA), founded in 1985, is the industry trade group of the $80 billion licensing industry. With over 1,000 member companies representing everything from major movie and TV studios and mega corporate brands down to individual artists, LIMA pioneered the annual Licensing Show in New York City and conducts seminars at the show in all aspects of licensing. Originally twelve members, it now has offices in New York, London, Munich, Tokyo and Shanghai.

</doc>
<doc id="5952452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952452" title="Ari Sulander">
Ari Sulander

Ari Juhani Sulander (born January 6, 1969), nicknamed Sulo, is a retired Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender.
Career in Finland.
Sulander played nine seasons for Jokerit Helsinki in Finland's SM-liiga, winning four league championships (1992, 1994, 1996, 1997). He also won one Silver (1995), one Bronze (1998), two European Championships (1995 and 1996) and one European Championship Bronze (93).
Sulander began with Jokerit as a Junior and progressed through the team all the way to position of No. 1 goalkeeper. During his Jokerit career, he played with SM-liiga stars such as Otakar Janecky, Teemu Selänne, Waltteri Immonen, and Jari Kurri, who played for Jokerit during the 1994–95 NHL lockout. In his time there, Sulander was coached by top coaches like Hannu Aravirta, Boris Mayorov, and Jukka Ropponen.
In November 2010, Sulander joined the Lahti Pelicans on loan for six games.
Career in Switzerland.
Sulander left Jokerit after winning Bronze in 1998 for a new challenge. Sulander played the final 14 years of his career with the ZSC Lions (Zürich) of the Swiss top League, the Nationalliga A. Sulander scored a goal during a Nationalliga A game in the 2002–03 season.
Sulander won the NLA championship with ZSC four times (2000, 2001, 2008, 2012) and the Champions Hockey League in 2008–09.
In 2011, Sulander received his Swiss citizenship.
International career.
Ari Sulander played for a total of 117 games for the Finnish national team (dressed in 117, played 68). He played in the 1993, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, and 2000 Ice Hockey World Championships and the 1998 Winter Olympic Games.
In the World Championships Sulander won one Gold, two Silver, and one Bronze medals. Sulander also won the Bronze in the 1998 Winter Olympics and was a key player in the Bronze game against NHL star powered Canada, led by Wayne Gretzky and Patrick Roy. Besides the 1998 Olympic tournament, Sulander also played well in the 1998 Ice Hockey World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="5952460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952460" title="Rose Abdoo">
Rose Abdoo

Rose M. Abdoo (born November 28, 1962) is an American actress and comedian, known for her roles as Stars Hollow's local mechanic, Gypsy, on "Gilmore Girls" and as Spanish teacher Señorita Rodriguez on "That's So Raven".
Life and career.
Abdoo was born in Chicago, Illinois. She is of Lebanese and Dominican descent.
Abdoo's career began in Chicago, where she performed at various improvisational theaters, including the Improv Institute and four years with The Second City; she went on to develop her own one-woman shows, "Who Does She Think She Is?" and "Get to the Part About Me". She also did a short-lived variety program with Bob Odenkirk and Conan O'Brien called "Happy Happy Good Show".
Abdoo has a bachelor's degree in communications from Michigan State University, where she was cast in several college theater roles and encouraged by a professor to study improvisation. She went on to move to Chicago, where she joined Second City, performing first in their national touring shows and moving on their E.T.C. troupe. As a part of E.T.C., Abdoo won a Joseph Jefferson Award as "Best Actress in a Revue" in 1991 for her role in the production "We Made a Mesopotamia, Now You Clean It Up", playing what the "Chicago Tribune" called "the show's meatiest part: an obnoxious, know-it-all tour bus rider." She went on to co-host the awards ceremony in 1994.
She was nominated alongside her castmates for a Best Ensemble Screen Actors Guild award for "Good Night, and Good Luck."
In March 2008, Abdoo co-starred in the web series "The Writers Room" on Crackle.

</doc>
<doc id="5952473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952473" title="Oederan">
Oederan

Oederan is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Geography.
Oederan is situated 14 km southwest of Freiberg, 17 km east of Chemnitz and about 50 km west of Dresden.
The town includes the villages of Börnichen, Breitenau, Frankenstein, Gahlenz, Görbersdorf, Kirchbach, Lößnitztal and Schönerstadt.
History.
Oederan was first mentioned as town in 1286. The settlement of the area dates back to a Sorbian tribe in the 9th and 10th century. Rhenish Franconian farmers, craftsmen and traders settled down in the 12th century. Since the Middle Ages the most important industries had been cloth manufacturing and linen weaving. In the 19th century the railway construction had a great influence to the growth of the town. Some medium-sized factories were built around the train station of Oederan.
During World War II, a subcamp of Flossenbürg concentration camp was located here.
Literature.
Cziborra, Pascal. KZ Oederan. Verlorene Jugend. Lorbeer Verlag. Bielefeld. 2008
ISBN 978-3-938969-06-9
Places of interest.
Oederan is known for its tourist attraction “Klein-Erzgebirge”, the oldest miniature park in Germany. About 185 miniatures of famous buildings from the area of the Erzgebirge (Ore Mountains) in a reduced scale of 1:25 are shown here.
The most important old building is the gothic hall church. The history of the church goes back to the 13th century. An organ built by famous Gottfried Silbermann is located inside.
The second most prominent building of the town is the town hall. First built around 1400 AD, it burned down several times (1632, 1709 and 1753), and was re-erected in its present shape in 1785.

</doc>
<doc id="5952479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952479" title="Richmond Road">
Richmond Road

Richmond Road can refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5952486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952486" title="Taking Sides (play)">
Taking Sides (play)

Taking Sides is a 1995 play by British playwright Ronald Harwood, about the post-War U.S. denazification investigation of the German conductor and composer Wilhelm Furtwängler on charges of having served the Nazi regime. Harwood drew "inter alia" on a detailed diary kept by Furtwängler of his interrogation sessions. Although the investigation that is the focus of the play resulted in formal charges being brought against Furtwängler, he was eventually cleared by the tribunal. The original production starred Daniel Massey and Michael Pennington. Massey won the Laurence Olivier Award for his role as Furtwangler. When the play transferred to Broadway the following year Ed Harris took over the role of the American Colonel, and Massey repeated his award winning role.
In 2001 the play was adapted for a film of the same title directed by Hungarian director István Szabó,
starring Harvey Keitel and Stellan Skarsgård.

</doc>
<doc id="5952493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952493" title="Licensing International Expo">
Licensing International Expo

Licensing Expo is the licensing industry's largest annual event.
A trade show, Licensing International Expo attracts more than 500 exhibitors representing more than 7,000 brands and properties in entertainment, sports, fashion & apparel, publishing, art & design, automotive, animation/anime, home & housewares, and lifestyle.
Exhibitors include consumer brands, film studios, publishing houses and other creative agencies. 
Attendees from more than 80 countries represent retailers, manufacturers, distributors and licensing agents.
The show is owned and organized by Advanstar Communications, Inc. It is sponsored by the International Licensing Industry Merchandisers' Association (LIMA), and is affiliated with "License! Global" magazine.
Overview.
Promoted as "The World's Brand & Property Marketplace," Licensing Expo also hosts a three-day, simultaneous conference program called Licensing University. 
In 2012, Licensing Expo changed its name from "Licensing International Expo" to "Licensing Expo".
Licensing University Conference Program.
Sponsored by the International Licensing Industry Merchandisers' Association (LIMA), in partnership with Licensing Expo, the Licensing University conference program holds over 30 classes and seminars on a wide variety of industry-related topics. Courses are taught by active licensing professionals and divided into basic, intermediate and advanced levels of content sophistication (one novice-level session is typically offered as part of an introductory, pre-conference workshop). A single-fee enrollment grants attendees access to every conference session.
Every year, selected courses qualify as credit towards earning LIMA's Certificate of Licensing. The Certificate of Licensing (CLS) is a year-long program incorporating 60 hours of classwork with industry experience, and can provide the educative foundation for a career in licensing and merchandising. 
Relocation.
In early 2008, after nearly thirty years of holding Licensing Expo in New York City, the show's owners, partners and sponsors announced that Licensing International Expo 2009 would be held at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Advanstar Communications launched a print and online promotional campaign ("What's Next?") in August 2008. It presented the move as the initiation of a larger facility in a favorable economic environment, which would attract a greater number of exhibitors and attendees with the prospect of more potential licensing deals and lower expenses — thus, a strategic decision consistent with the principles of both Licensing International Expo and the licensing industry itself.

</doc>
<doc id="5952509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952509" title="Whitney Sloan">
Whitney Sloan

Whitney Adela Sloan (born 21 August 1988 in London) is a British-born actress best known for playing her role as "Hollywood Henderson" in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Go Figure".
Early years.
At the age of 5, Sloan was interested in acting in theatre. Nine years of her life were spent acting and auditioning for plays. She was moving constantly, giving her major plays to attend and participate (whilst switching schools/countries/states). While in London and San Francisco, she starred in many films, with her acting a success on stage (most recently Maria in "West Side Story", Hodel in "Fiddler on the Roof", and Juliet in "Romeo and Juliet"). Sloan still moves constantly to pursue her career and continue acting in films and shows.
Her original plan of only spending a summer there was abandoned after immediately nabbing roles on the shows "Judging Amy", "General Hospital", and the independent film "State's Evidence". That summer, Sloan was accepted into an academic High School only weeks before school was to resume. Transitioning from her low key, Northern California Public School life to one combining academic rigor and work in the film industry, Sloan shot two films ("Blue Demon" and "Glass Trap") and starred in a school production (Lilian Hellman's "The Children's Hour"). Her most recent projects are "Go Figure" and "Joint Custody".

</doc>
<doc id="5952516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952516" title="Hillbilly Doomsday">
Hillbilly Doomsday

Hillbilly Doomsday is a 2004 movie by director Bob Ray.
Synopsis.
Based on a true story, "Hillbilly Doomsday" is a tale of Texas' first murder of the new millennium. With Y2K paranoia at a fevered pitch, two drunken hillbilly brothers hole up in their wooded shack and await the year 2000. The second hand strikes midnight, the power shuts off and suddenly the brothers' nightmarish Y2K fears are realized. Certain that the apocalypse is upon them they hastily formulate a plan to prepare for the bleak and uncompromising future. What follows is the brutally funny, heinously violent and nearly botched murder of their survivalist cousin who they kill in an effort to steal his guns and provisions and to make ready for the new post-apocalyptic world of the future.
Production.
"Hillbilly Doomsday" was shot in Austin, Texas in early 2001. Soon after production wrapped, the footage was lost and remained in limbo for over two years. After re-discovering the master tapes in late 2003, "Hillbilly Doomsday" was cut together as intended and was unleashed upon the world. "Hillbilly Doomsday" features Jerry “Toe” Clark of Rock Opera (the movie) fame, Michael Dalmon, and Mark Hanks and is written and directed by Bob Ray.
Reviews.
"Hillbilly Doomsday, directed by Bob Ray, and based on a true story, begins as a joke but quickly escalates to an intense thriller as two Texans believe that Y2K has actually occurred and that it is essential for them to procure firearms."
-- indieWIRE

</doc>
<doc id="5952523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952523" title="L. W. Sumner">
L. W. Sumner

Leonard Wayne Sumner (born 1941) is a Canadian philosopher notable for his work on normative and applied ethics, political philosophy, and the philosophy of law. 
Sumner is University Professor Emeritus of Law and Philosophy at the University of Toronto. Since 2002, he has been a University Professor, the highest academic honour that the university accords its faculty. Sumner received his bachelor's degree from the University of Toronto in 1962 and his doctoral degree from Princeton University in 1965, with a thesis supervised by Stuart Hampshire and Joel Feinberg. In 1990 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada. In 2009 he was awarded the Molson Prize by the Canada Council for the Arts.
Sumner is the author of four books, including "Welfare, Happiness and Ethics".

</doc>
<doc id="5952560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952560" title="Saylyugem Mountains">
Saylyugem Mountains

Saylyugem Mountains (or Sailughem) is a mountain range in the Southeastern part of Altai Mountains. The range stretches 130 km northeast from 49° N and 86° E towards the western extremity of the Sayan Mountains in 51° 60' N and 89° E. Their mean elevation is 1,500 to 1,750 m. The snow-line runs at 2,000 m on the northern side and at 2,400 m on the southern, and above it the rugged peaks tower up some 1,000 m more.

</doc>
<doc id="5952565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952565" title="The Growly Family">
The Growly Family

The Growly Family is an album released in 1998 by psychedelic trance artists G.M.S..
Track listing.
The album was released on CD and triple-LP. The same tracks are included on both formats, but the ordering is slightly different.

</doc>
<doc id="5952567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952567" title="Inmarsat">
Inmarsat

Inmarsat plc () is a British satellite telecommunications company, offering global mobile services. It provides telephone and data services to users worldwide, via portable or mobile terminals which communicate to ground stations through eleven geostationary telecommunications satellites. Inmarsat's network provides communications services to a range of governments, aid agencies, media outlets and businesses with a need to communicate in remote regions or where there is no reliable terrestrial network. The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index as of December 2011.
History.
The company was originally founded in 1979 as the International Maritime Satellite Organization (Inmarsat), a not-for-profit international organization, set up at the behest of the International Maritime Organization (IMO), a UN body, for the purpose of establishing a satellite communications network for the maritime community. The first Director General was appointed in January 1980. Olof Lundberg, who had previously managed and developed mobile and specialized services at Swedish Telecom (now Telia), served as Director General and CEO until 1995. Originally, the model was that of Intelsat, an international consortium which provided satellite communications among the member countries. The founding member of Intelsat, and the USA member, was Communications Satellite Corporation (COMSAT). Comsat also took the lead in the founding of Inmarsat. Inmarsat began trading in 1982. From the beginning, the acronym "Inmarsat" was used. The intent was to create a self-financing body which would improve safety of life at sea. 
The name was changed to "International Mobile Satellite Organization" when it began to provide services to aircraft and portable users, but the acronym "Inmarsat" was kept. When the organisation was converted into a private company in 1999, the business was split into two parts: The bulk of the organisation was converted into the commercial company, Inmarsat plc, and a small group became the regulatory body, IMSO. Inmarsat was the first international satellite organization that was privatized.
In 2005 Apax Partners and Permira bought shares in the company. The company was also first listed on the London Stock Exchange in that year. In March 2008 it was disclosed that U.S. hedge fund Harbinger Capital owned 28% of the company. In July 2009, Inmarsat completed the acquisition of a 19-per-cent stake in SkyWave Mobile Communications Inc., a provider of Inmarsat D+/IsatM2M network services which in turn purchased the GlobalWave business from TransCore.
On 15 April 2009, Inmarsat completed the acquisition of satellite communications provider Stratos Global Corporation (Stratos)
Inmarsat won the 2010 MacRobert Award for its Broadband Global Area Network (BGAN) service, overcoming the three other shortlisted companies.
Inmarsat's analysis of satellite data in March 2014 showed that Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 flew south from its last known position north of its originating airport in Kuala Lumpur -- rather than continuing to fly north, as it was supposed to. That analysis was the key factor in causing the search area for the missing plane to be shifted from its last known position to the southern Indian Ocean.
Operations.
The Inmarsat head office is in the London Borough of Islington.
Aside from its commercial services, Inmarsat provides global maritime distress and safety services (GMDSS) to ships and aircraft at no charge, as a public service.
Services include traditional voice calls, low-level data tracking systems, and high-speed Internet and other data services as well as distress and safety services. The most recent of these provides GPRS-type services at up to 492 kbit/s via the Broadband Global Area Network (BGAN) IP satellite modem the size of a notebook computer. Other services provide mobile Integrated Services Digital Network (ISDN) services used by the media for live reporting on world events via videophone.
The price of a call via Inmarsat has now dropped to a level where they are comparable to, and in many cases lower than, international roaming costs, or hotel phone calls. Voice call charges are the same for any location in the world where the service is used. Tariffs for calls to Inmarsat country codes vary, depending on the country in which they are placed. Inmarsat primarily uses country code 870 (see below).
Newer Inmarsat services use an IP technology that features an always-on capability where the users are only charged for the amount of data they send and receive, rather than the length of time they are connected. This applies specifically to BGAN and MPDS.
The satellites are digital transponders that receive digital signals, reform the pulses, and then retransmit them to ground stations. Ground stations maintain usage and billing data and function as gateways to the public switched telephone network and the Internet.
The first (F1) and second (F2) of Inmarsat's most recent series of satellites, known as the "I4" satellites, were launched in June and November 2005. The third and final satellite (F3) was launched from the Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on the 18 August 2008. These were the largest commercial telecommunications satellites ever launched. Each satellite is equipped with a global beam, 19 regional spot beams, and over 200 narrow spot beams. Each also includes a 9-meter L-Band AstroMesh reflector.
In addition to its own satellites, Inmarsat has a collaboration agreement with ACeS regarding handheld voice services.
Coverage.
There are three types of coverage related to each Inmarsat I-4 satellite.
Country codes.
The permanent telephone country code for calling Inmarsat destinations is:
The 870 number is an automatic locator; it is not necessary to know to which satellite the destination Inmarsat terminal is logged-in. SNAC is now usable by all Inmarsat services.
Country codes phased out on 31 December 2008 were
The other four country codes corresponded to the areas that Inmarsat satellites cover (normally one satellite per area). These areas were commonly called "Ocean Regions". With the advent of SNAC on 870, the older country codes were no longer needed. They were formally phased out on 31 December 2008 but may still be routed by some regional carriers.
Networks.
Inmarsat has developed a series of networks providing certain sets of services (most networks support multiple services). They are grouped into two sets, existing and evolved services, and advanced services. Existing and evolved services are offered through land earth stations which are not owned nor operated by Inmarsat, but through companies which have a commercial agreement with Inmarsat. Advanced services are provided via distribution partners but the satellite gateways are owned and operated by Inmarsat directly.
Advanced services.
The "BGAN Family" is a set of IP-based shared-carrier services, as follows:
Global Voice Services.
"Existing and Evolved" services, based on older technologies, as follows:
New projects underway.
Global Xpress.
In August 2010 Inmarsat awarded Boeing a contract to build a constellation of three Inmarsat-5 satellites, as part of a US$1.2 billion worldwide wireless broadband network called Inmarsat Global Xpress. The three Inmarsat-5 (I-5) satellites will be based on Boeing's 702HP spacecraft platform. The first is scheduled for completion in 2013, with full global coverage expected by the end of 2014. The satellites will operate at Ka-band in the range of 20–30 GHz. Each Inmarsat-5 will carry a payload of 89 small Ka-band beams which combined will offer global Ka-band spot coverage. In addition each satellite will carry six fully steerable beams that can be pointed at commercial or government traffic hotspots. According to Inmarsat, Global Xpress will deliver download speeds in excess of 60Mbit/s to a 60 cm dish.
There are plans to offer high-speed inflight broadband on airliners through Global Xpress.
In February 2011 Inmarsat announced that iDirect had been awarded the contract to provide both the ground segment and the 'core module' that provides the key electronics in the new GX maritime (and later for other markets) terminals. 
iDirect was already established as the leading player in the maritime VSAT field and the award of this contract confirmed their dominance of this market. The proposed GX system will deliver data at rates of up to 50 Mbit/s -an order of magnitude faster than existing VSAT systems using C-band or Ku-band satellite capacity and two orders faster than the existing L-band services.
The first satellite of the Global Xpress constellation was launched in December 2013 and is currently in geostationary orbit awaiting service launch.
Inmarsat's foray into S-band, mobile services.
On 30 June 2008, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the European’s Decision to establish a single selection and authorisation process (ESAP – European S-band Application Process) to ensure a coordinated introduction of mobile satellite services (MSS) in Europe. The selection process was launched in August 2008 and attracted four applications by prospective operators (ICO, Inmarsat, Solaris Mobile, TerreStar).
In May 2009, the European Commission selected two operators, Inmarsat Ventures and Solaris Mobile, giving these operators “the right to use the specific radio frequencies identified in the Commission's decision and the right to operate their respective mobile satellite systems". EU Member States now have to ensure that the two operators have the right to use the specific radio frequencies identified in the Commission's decision and the right to operate their respective mobile satellite systems for 18 years from the selection decision. The operators are compelled to start operations within 24 months (May 2011) from the selection decision.
Europasat.
Inmarsat's S-band satellite programme, called EuropaSat, will deliver mobile multimedia broadcast, mobile two-way broadband telecommunications and next-generation MSS services across all 27 member states of the European Union and as far east as Moscow and Ankara by means of a hybrid satellite/terrestrial network. It will be built by Thales Alenia Space and launched in early 2011 launched by ILS. The EuropaSat has been put on hold in late 2009. Inmarsat instead plans to seek external investors to fund the project, and ultimately to spin it off as a separate company.
Alphasat for extended L-band services.
Launched on 25 July 2013, Alphasat I-XL was carried into orbit by an Ariane 5 ECA rocket from the Guiana Space Centre, Europe’s spaceport in Kourou, French Guiana. The satellite was built by Astrium using an Alphabus platform and weighed more than six tons at launch. The new-generation Alphasat I-XL will be positioned at 25 degrees East to offer advanced mobile voice and data communications services across Europe, Africa and the Middle East using L-Band. It features a new generation digital signal processor for the payload, an 11-meter aperture AstroMesh antenna reflector, supplied by Astro Aerospace in Carpenteria, CA. Its design life is 15 years.
In addition, Alphasat will host four ESA-provided technology demonstration payloads: an advanced star tracker using active pixel technology, an optical laser terminal for geostationary to low-Earth orbit communication at high data rates, a dedicated payload for the characterization of transmission performance in the Q-V band in preparation for possible commercial exploitation of these frequencies and a radiation sensor to better characterise the environment at geostationary orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="5952571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952571" title="Martin Streek">
Martin Streek

Martin Streek (June 16, 1964 – July 6, 2009) was a Canadian radio DJ known for his work on CFNY-FM (102.1 the Edge) in Toronto, Ontario. His on-air duties included hosting the Thursday 30, live-to-air from the Phoenix Night Club, and live-to-air from the Velvet Underground. He committed suicide on July 6, 2009.
Youth.
Streek grew up in the Sheridan Homelands part of Mississauga. He attended Thornlodge Public School (to 1976), Homelands Senior Public School (to 1978), and Erindale Secondary School (to 1983), where he was generally referred to as Marty as opposed to Martin. He was elected president of the SAC (student council) in his final year of high school.
The Streek surname is Welsh. Starting in 1977, he became a fan of The Clash who had very little airplay except for on a small Brampton radio station, CFNY-FM.
Career.
Streek began his career at CFNY during his last year at Erindale Secondary School. Streek hung around CFNY radio station and volunteered with various duties. One of his jobs was to drive around Ontario in a ten-ton truck; setting up and tearing down equipment three days a week. Martin and his colleagues would visit high schools, colleges and universities all over Southern Ontario as part of the CFNY Video Roadshow. The truck was equipped with a video projector, a massive screen, a light show, and industrial strength video players. The biggest Roadshow happened at the Kingswood Music Theatre at Canada's Wonderland in the spring of 1987. More than 15,000 people showed up to watch alternative rock videos.
Streek was hired by the radio station in 1984, and the station grew into one of the biggest stations in Canada. His knowledge of music was only matched by his close friend Alan Cross, who went on to become the production manager of CFNY. His voice has been heard nationwide on behalf of a lengthy list of notable advertising clients, including Powerade, Rogers Wireless, Oh Henry, Acura Dealers, Scotiabank, Oil of Olay and the "Toronto Sun".
Streek took over Chris Sheppard's slot at The Edge in 1992. Without having any previous on-air experience, Streek began by doing Friday nights from the studio and Saturday nights at Club 102 at the Phoenix, the longest running live-to-air night in history. Streek was one of three remaining personalities from the "Spirit of Radio" era of the Edge. Until his departure in May 2009, he hosted the "Thursday 30", a four hour long show that counted down the top 30 songs of the past week (collected via record sales and listener voting), and introduced new music (a segment called the "Groundbreakers"), with flashbacks to a previous year's countdown, as Streek recalled the top five songs of that week in a certain previous year.
Streek was a big influence in the Ripley's Urban Rail Park/Sound Academy development.
Streek also hosted three live-to-air broadcasts from nightclubs: Friday nights at NRG/The Kingdom in Burlington, which was replaced by Friday Night Live at the The Docks/Sound Academy, Saturday nights at the Phoenix, and Sunday nights at Velvet Underground. Streek was a fan of Tool, Nine Inch Nails, David Bowie, Nirvana, and Depeche Mode, in addition to The Clash. The shows were broadcast commercial-free, and Streek would cut in between songs urging listeners to "Come out early and stay late," which became his trademark phrase.
Streek was a huge supporter of local talent, supporting Canadian independent artists such as Saigon Hookers, Alpha Galates and A Primitive Evolution.
Streek was voted DJ of the year a number of times in "Now Magazine"'s year-end public ballot.
In late May 2009, Streek suddenly disappeared off air and from the station's website when his position was cut, along with others such as Barry Taylor, as part of restructuring at the station.
Death.
Police received a call at 5:47 p.m, on July 6, 2009 from a fellow tenant at his place of residence. The tenant had bumped into a friend who had received worrying e-mails and text messages from the former host. Authorities say a note was found on the door to Streek's apartment, asking whoever found it to call police. When police arrived, Streek was found dead inside his Broadview Lofts apartment.
Streek took his own life only two months after he finished his 17 year career as a DJ on CFNY-FM (102.1 the Edge). The shock of Streek's death poses a question as to whether or not there was a correlation between the end of Streek's time at the Edge and his death. According to sources he seemed to be completely content with leaving the station and therefore his sudden suicide still remains a mystery to many. Streek had already completed two pilot episodes of a new television show, "Martin Streek’s Backstage". Streek's last status update on Facebook read: "So... I guess that's it... thanks everyone... I'm sorry to those I should be sorry to, I love you to those that I love, and I will see you all again soon (not too soon though)... Let the stories begin."
Streek died childless and having never married, survived by his mother, Grace, and his two brothers, Robbie and Doug.
Reactions to Streek's death.
The shock of Streek's death was immediate and in just a few days tens of thousands had joined a Facebook Group entitled "Martin Streek RIP".
Alan Cross, the former program director at 102.1 the Edge, called Streek: "The most charming dude I ever met," and that "The guy lived to make people laugh and to entertain." Former colleague, Todd Shapiro, called Streek an inspiration on this blog, posting: "You were wonderful, caring, passionate, positive, energetic..and man, were you humorous. Personally, you were a mentor, an inspiration, and I always thought of you as a friend. Not only have the stories about you begun but they will never end," he added, perhaps referring to Streek's Facebook message. Long-time friend David Marsden, who ran The Edge back in its CFNY "Spirit of Radio" heyday – posted on his website: "Martin Streek put on his wings earlier today, to the shock of most everyone... Good night, Martin. We don't know what forced you to take this step but we do wish you a wonderful and peaceful rest."
Former Edge host George Stroumboulopoulos is quoted as saying, in February 2009, that "Martin Streek (and David Bookman) are so important to this city, what they do for music ... Streek when he's on the radio... quality wins. They believe in music. They are the snipers waiting by the window keeping everyone on their game. Because their music knowledge is impeccable, their passion is unrivaled and they're not afraid to tell you. They understand how important a record can be to your life."
Before an encore at a Broken Social Scene show in Toronto on July 11, Brendan Canning dedicated a song to Streek, announcing that "This one is for a good friend of mine who recently took his life in the name of rock and roll!"
The video for Die Mannequin's Bad Medicine, released in late 2009, has a dedication to Streek at the end of the clip.

</doc>
<doc id="5952573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952573" title="Živkovac">
Živkovac

Živkovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Живковац) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Grocka.
Živkovac is located in the northern Šumadija region and it is the easternmost settlement in the municipality and of the City of Belgrade. It is situated on the Ralja river, on both the railway Belgrade-Požarevac and the highway Belgrade-Niš, 44 km southeast of Belgrade and 15 km south of the municipal seat of Grocka.
Živkovac is also the smallest of all settlements in the municipality, with population of 438 in 1991 and 380 in 2002. It is statistically classified as a rural settlement (village) and its economy is solely based on agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="5952574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952574" title="Stuck on You (Yuna Ito song)">
Stuck on You (Yuna Ito song)

"Stuck on You" is Yuna Ito's fourth single since her debut. This is her first single since her largely successful May 2006 single "Precious" and her first single in which the main track is not a ballad. 
Overview.
Both this single and her following single, "Losin'", were limited to 70,000 copies each. "stuck on you" was described as "hot" single for the summer while "losin'" was a "cool" single for the fall. For those who bought both singles, they would receive a special invitation to Yuna Ito's first tour, an invitation-only tour called "Yuna Ito 1st Invitation". 
The B-side to this single is "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'", a Nancy Sinatra cover.
Commercial endorsements.
"These boots are made for walkin'" was featured in the Japanese car company Daihatsu's CM for their new car called the COO. For the Daihatsu Materia in the European market, "stuck on you" has no commercial endorsments.
Promotional video.
The promotional video for "Stuck on You" is the first clip in which we see Ito dance. We can see Ito in a big, fluffy skirt and a corsage with 4 back-up-dancers in a huge room. The 2nd location is a little room, with Ito having curly hair and a violet dress on, and her dancers playing instruments in the background. Another scene is Ito in a yellow dress, lying on a pink carpet, while speaking with a friend on the phone. The last location is a couch with a mirror in front, in which Ito dives at the end. "to be continued..." ends the PV and it will be continued in the "losin'" PV.
Charts.
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)

</doc>
<doc id="5952576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952576" title="Richmond Road (Ontario)">
Richmond Road (Ontario)

Richmond Road is a major road in Eastern Ontario, Canada.
Richmond Road begins as a western continuation of Wellington Street West in Ottawa, beyond the intersection at Island Park Drive, a division point moved west a few blocks from Western Avenue, the historical township boundary, in 2005. It serves as the primary road for Westboro. Continuing westward, the road passes by Ottawa landmarks such as the Bayshore Shopping Centre and Queensway-Carleton Hospital. At the intersection with Baseline Road, it gives way to Robertson Road just before reaching Bells Corners, due to a name change made in 2012. At the historical corner, the prior route of Richmond Road diverges to the south as a mostly residential street named Old Richmond Road. The "Old" name now attaches to the remainder of the former route, which regains its stature as a major road as the continuation of southbound Moodie Drive, leaving Bells Corners and running through the Greenbelt. Beyond the Greenbelt, Old Richmond Road passes the communities of Bridlewood and Fallowfield before intersecting with Fallowfield Road. Continuing southward, the road passes the community of Twin Elm and follows the Jock River to Eagleson Road and the village of Richmond. Its total length from Island Park Drive to Eagleson Road is approximately . At Eagleson, Old Richmond Road continues westward as Perth Street, or Ottawa Road #10. Beyond Perth, this road becomes Franktown Road, and then reverts to the name Richmond Road in the County of Lanark until its end in Franktown. In Lanark County, the road is known as Lanark County Road #10.
Richmond Road is known as Ottawa Road #36 from Island Park Drive to Robertson Road. Old Richmond Road is known as Ottawa Road #59 from Moodie Drive to Fallowfield Road. Speed limits range from in school and residential areas to in urban commercial areas, and in greenbelt and rural areas.
History.
Richmond Road was built in 1818 to connect the military settlement at Richmond with Richmond Landing just below the Chaudière Falls on the Ottawa River in Bytown. The British Government had offered land in the Richmond area to British veterans of the War of 1812. Richmond Road was originally a corduroy road. Today, what is left of the road is paved. It is one of the oldest roads in Ottawa.
In his 1896 book "The History of the Ottawa Valley", the Rev. John L. Gourlay wrote:
Renaming controversy.
On 13 April 2011, Ottawa City Council voted to rename a portion of Richmond Road from Baseline Road to Robertson Road (and Robertson Road itself) after the late Lloyd Francis, a land speculator, Liberal MP and Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons. The approved proposal would have changed the names of both roads through Bells Corners so that the commercial area would bear a single name, "Lloyd Francis Boulevard" for its entire length despite opposition from local residents and businesses. The name change was to have become effective in May 2012.
Because of the controversy, heritage advocates called on the city to overhaul its naming policy. However, on 13 July 2011 a new motion was passed rescinding the original change and renaming Richmond Road from Baseline Road to Robertson Road, Robertson Road instead. This accomplished the original goal of a single name through Bells Corners with a complete renumbering of the original Robertson Road, although at considerable inconvenience and expense to the residents and businesses located on it, and separating Richmond Road from Old Richmond Road by an unexplained lacuna of about 1.6 km.
The City of Ottawa is looking at the possibility of extending the planned (but not yet under construction) metro transit line west through the Westboro part of Richmond Road (roughly Churchill to a bit past Woodroffe Avenue). This extension would either follow the former streetcar line along Richmond Road through the strip of green space along Byron Avenue.
References.
Cotton, Larry D. "Whiskey and Wickedness". Lanark, ON: Larry D. Cotton Associates, 2007. Print.

</doc>
<doc id="5952587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952587" title="Barry Taylor">
Barry Taylor

Barry Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5952588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952588" title="Emcodec">
Emcodec

Trojan.Emcodec.E is a trojan horse that is mis-represented as an audio and video codec for Windows-based PCs. It exists in various variants with names such as Media Codec, Ecodec, Imediacodec, IntCodec, Pcodec, SVideocodec, Video iCodec, QualityCodec, Vcodec, Zip Codec, zCodec, ZCODEC and began to be widely used in spring 2005.
When visiting certain web sites, in particular pornographic sites, and attempting to view a video file on the site, the user will be directed to download this software, purportedly in order to allow viewing of the video. Furthermore, a number of websites have been set up to mis-represent this malware as a legitimate codec, inviting the users to download the software, allegedly to allow for the playback of certain audio/video which claims to use the so-called codec.
Once executed, the trojan copies a program into the Program Files folder, changes some registry keys and displays a fake EULA for the supposed codec.
zCodec reportedly changes the machine's DNS settings, monitors the user's browsing and acts as adware.
Some versions of the trojan install malware called Zlob, which in turn may lead to the installation of malicious and fake "security programs" such as SpywareQuake, SpyFalcon, WinFixer or other malware; some variants also install a backdoor into the infected computer.

</doc>
<doc id="5952590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952590" title="Avigdor Kahalani">
Avigdor Kahalani

Brigadier-General (Tat Aluf) Avigdor Kahalani (, born 16 June 1944) is a former Israeli soldier and politician.
Background.
Avigdor Kahalani was born in Ness Ziona during the Mandate era. His parents, Moshe and Sarah Kahalani, were Yemenite-Jewish immigrants originally from Sana'a. Kahalani studied mechanics at the ORT School in Jaffa. He gained a B.A. in History from Tel Aviv University and an M.A. in Political Science from Haifa University. He also attended the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and graduated from Israel's National Defense College.
IDF career.
Kahalani was conscripted into the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) in 1962, and joined the 7th Brigade of the IDF Armored Corps. He later stayed in the IDF as a career officer, and achieved the rank of Brigadier General. Kahalani received the Medal of Distinguished Service for service during the Six-Day War, where he was badly wounded when his Centurion tank caught fire. When the Yom Kippur War broke out in 1973, Kahalani was a 29-year-old lieutenant Colonel and battalion commander. He served as commander of the Centurion-equipped 77th Armored Battalion of the 7th Brigade on the Golan Heights. Kahalani's battalion – along with other elements of the 7th Armored Brigade – engaged in fierce defensive fighting against a vastly superior Syrian mechanized force, consisting of more than 10,000 men and 1,200 tanks. The battle proved to be one of the turning points of the war. After the war, the valley where it took place was littered with hundreds of destroyed and abandoned Syrian tanks and was renamed "Emek Ha-Bacha" ("The Valley of Tears"). For his actions during the war Kahalani received the highest Israeli military decoration, the Medal of Valor.
Political career.
After leaving the IDF, Kahalani made his way into politics. He served as Deputy Mayor of Tel Aviv, and was elected to the Knesset as a member of the Labor Party in the 1992 election, he served on the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense and the Education and Culture Committees. He has been active in the Committee for the Rescue of Jews from Yemen and Chairman of the Golan Lobby in the Knesset. He is also chairman of the Friends of LIBI Foundation and president of the Israeli Association for Drug Rehabilitation.
During the Knesset session, Kahalani broke away from the Labor Party and founded The Third Way with Emanuel Zisman. The new party won four seats in the 1996 elections, and joined Binyamin Netanyahu's coalition, with Kahalani made Minister of Internal Security.
However, in the 1999 elections the party failed to cross the electoral threshold and Kahalani lost his seat. He later joined Likud, and was placed 43rd on the party's list for the 2003 elections, but missed out on a seat when the party won only 38.
Since November 2007, Kahalani has been serving as chairman of the Organization for the Soldier.

</doc>
<doc id="5952591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952591" title="Leonard Downie, Jr.">
Leonard Downie, Jr.

Leonard "Len" Downie, Jr. (born May 1, 1942), the American journalist, was Executive Editor of "The Washington Post" from 1991-2008. He worked in the Post newsroom for 44 years as Executive Editor, Managing Editor, National Editor, London correspondent, Assistant Managing Editor for Metropolitan News, Deputy Metropolitan Editor, and as an award winning investigative and local reporter. Downie became Executive Editor upon the retirement of Ben Bradlee. During Downie's tenure as Executive Editor, The Washington Post won 25 Pulitzer Prizes, more than any other newspaper has won during the term of a single Executive Editor, including three Pulitzer Gold Medals for Public Service. Downie currently serves as Vice President At Large at the Washington Post Company, as Weil Family Professor of Journalism at the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication at Arizona State University, and as a member of several advisory boards associated with journalism and public affairs.
Downie is the author of four nonfiction books: "Justice Denied" (1971), "Mortgage on America" (1974), "The New Muckrakers" (1976); and "The News About the News: American Journalism in Peril" (2002), co-authored with Robert G. Kaiser. In 2003, "The News About the News" won the Goldsmith Award from the Joan Shorenstein Center at Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Government. Downie was also a major contributor to "Ten Blocks from the White House: Anatomy of the Washington Riots of 1968"; has written many newspaper and magazine articles; and co-authored “The Reconstruction of American Journalism,” a major report on the state of the news media,published by the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. In 2009, Random House published his fiction debut, "The Rules of the Game".
Personal.
Downie grew up in and around Cleveland, Ohio. He decided to become a journalist at the age of eleven and edited student newspapers in elementary school, Wilbur Wright Junior High School and John Marshall High School. He received his BA and MA degrees in journalism and political science from The Ohio State University. While at Ohio State, he served as sports editor of the student newspaper, "The Lantern". During his tenure there he covered Ohio State football as well as the riots that surrounded the school's decision to turn down a bid to the 1962 Rose Bowl. In June 1993, he received an Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from Ohio State, in conjunction with his address during the university's commencement exercises. Downie lives in Washington, DC, with his wife, Janice. He is the father of four grown children, two stepchildren and grandfather to two grandchildren. His eldest son, David L. Downie, is a scholar of international environmental policy.
Career.
Downie first joined the "Washington Post" as a summer intern in 1964. He soon became a well-known local investigative reporter in Washington, specializing in crime, courts, housing and urban affairs. His 1966 investigative series on the malfunctioning local court system in Washington, D.C. was a Pulitzer Prize finalist and helped lead to the system’s abolition and replacement by the D. C. Superior Court of today. His reporting during his time on the Metro staff won him two Washington-Baltimore Newspaper Guild Front Page awards, The American Bar Association Gavel Award for legal reporting, and the John Hancock Award for excellent business and financial writing. In 1971 he was awarded a two-year Alicia Patterson Journalism Fellowship,
Downie’s first three books grew out of his newspaper journalism during those years. "Justice Denied" (Praeger, 1971) examined poorly functioning city courts across the country. "Mortgage on America" (Praeger, 1974) investigated the impact and costs of certain types of destructive urban real estate speculation. "The New Muckrakers" (New Republic Books, 1976) detailed the rise and impact of a new generation of investigative reporters, including his colleagues Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. Earlier, Downie had also been a major contributor to the book, "Ten Blocks From the White House: Anatomy of the Washington Riots of 1968" (Praeger, 1968), drawing on his first hand reporting of the riots and their aftermath.
Downie worked on the Post's Metropolitan staff as a reporter and editor for 15 years, and ran the staff as Assistant Managing Editor for Metropolitan news from 1974 until 1979. As Deputy Metropolitan Editor, Downie supervised much of The Post’s Watergate coverage. According to Bob Woodward's 2005 book "The Secret Man", Downie was one of the few people to know the true identity of Watergate scandal informant Deep Throat before it was revealed to be Mark Felt.
Downie was named London correspondent in 1979 and worked in this capacity until mid-1982, covering the rise of Margaret Thatcher, the troubles in Northern Ireland, the royal wedding of Prince Charles and Princess Diana and the Falklands War. He returned to Washington in 1982 as National Editor. He became Managing Editor in 1984. He became Executive Editor in 1991, succeeding Benjamin Bradlee. As National Editor, Managing Editor and then Executive Editor, Downie personally oversaw the Washington Post's coverage of every national election from 1984 through 2008.
During his 17 years as Executive Editor, Downie led the newsroom to 25 Pulitzer Prizes, including three gold medals for public service. Downie's mantra—reflected in routine stories as well as such Pulitzer-winning efforts as the 2007 exposé of shoddy conditions at Walter Reed Army Medical Center—was "accountability journalism." After 44 years in the Post newsroom, Downie retired as Executive Editor in 2008. That year, the National Press Foundation named Downie the Benjamin Bradlee Editor of the Year.
In 2008, Downie was appointed as vice president at large of The Washington Post Co. In 2009, he became the Weil Family Professor of Journalism at the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication at Arizona State University. Downie is also a founder and board member of Investigative Reporters and Editors, Inc (2009–present); a member of the Aspen Institute Commission to Reform the Federal Appointments Process; a former member of the Board of Directors of the Center for Investigative Reporting (2009–present); Chair of the National Advisory Committee, Kaiser Health News (2009–present); an advisory board member of the Shirley Povich Center for Sports Journalism at the University of Maryland's Philip Merrill College of Journalism; and a director of The Los Angeles Times-Washington Post News Service.
In 2009, Random House published Downie's fictional debut, "The Rules of the Game". Random House described the book as "a novel of corruption and cover-ups at the highest levels of Washington politics, as a national newspaper digs up the dark secrets of a powerful lobbying firm thereby exposing a network of wrongdoing by government contractors in Iraq that extends all the way to the White House."
In addition to his books, and publications in the "Washington Post", Downie has written articles for a variety of publications, including the "Columbia Journalism Review", "The New Republic" and "Washington Monthly". In 2009, Downie co-authored, with Columbia University Professor Michael Schudson, a major report on the state of the news media, “The Reconstruction of American Journalism,” which was published by the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.
Downie has spoken at Oxford University, Columbia University, Duke University, Ohio State University, Harvard University, Stanford University, Fairfield University, Arizona State University, the University of Wisconsin, the University of Kentucky, Chautauqua, and for the American Society of Newspaper Editors, among many others. He gave the Flinn Foundation Centennial Lecture at Arizona State University in October 2008, a keynote address at the Nieman Foundation Seventieth Anniversary Convocation at Harvard University in November 2008, and the Keynote address at the 2009 graduation event of the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication, a Commencement address at Ohio State University, and the James Cameron Memorial Lecture at City University, London, among others. He has been interviewed frequently on network, cable, and local television, on national and local public radio, and by print reporters and academic researchers.
Selected Publications.
Books:
Report:
Contributor:
Articles:

</doc>
<doc id="5952614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952614" title="Orlamünde">
Orlamünde

Orlamünde is a town in the Saale-Holzland district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated at the confluence of the rivers Saale and Orla, 17 km south of Jena. It was the centre of a county, often united to Weimar, in the Early Middle Ages.

</doc>
<doc id="5952624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952624" title="Would I Lie to You? (Eurythmics song)">
Would I Lie to You? (Eurythmics song)

"Would I Lie to You?" is a song recorded by British pop duo Eurythmics. It was written by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart. Released in the UK and the U.S. from Eurythmics' fifth album "Be Yourself Tonight", the song was the first by the duo to feature their change in musical direction from synthpop to rock and rhythm and blues. The song, and its accompanying album, featured a full backing band and relied less on electronic programming.
Lyrically, the song features Lennox confronting a cheating lover as she leaves him for good. As she declares that she is "walking out the door" and he doubts her, Lennox's response is ""would I lie to you honey? / now would I say something that wasn't true?"" The music video was heavily shown on MTV, the clip beginning with an angry confrontation between Lennox and her boyfriend (during which he calls her a "bitch"), just prior to a Eurythmics performance.
After some friendly encouragement backstage from bandmate Stewart, the full band performs the song, only to have Lennox's boyfriend return to the venue, climb up onto the stage, and get pushed off into the audience by Lennox. Steven Bauer played the part of the boyfriend. The cover photo of the "Be Yourself Tonight" album is a screenshot from the music video during the argument scene.
"Would I Lie to You?" is one of Eurythmics' most recognized tunes. The song continued the bands hit singles run. In the UK, the song peaked at number 17, while it went to number five on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming their third Top 10 hit in the U.S. Furthermore, it is the duo's biggest ever hit in Australia, where it topped the singles chart for two weeks. It was used in the trailer for "Liar Liar". This song is featured in the 2009 film "The Informant!" starring Matt Damon, and as the theme song to the 2012 TV series . It is also featured in the 1986 film One Crazy Summer with John Cusack.

</doc>
<doc id="5952630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952630" title="Would">
Would

Would may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5952651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952651" title="Ornbau">
Ornbau

Ornbau is a walled city in the district of Ansbach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Altmühl, 15 km southeast of Ansbach.
Smallest City (Stadt) in Bavaria.
Ornbau is the smallest (population) city in the German state of Bavaria. Its designation as a city dates back to medieval times because a wall and a mote surround the city.
Medieval town.
The wall and the cathedral church are approximately 1000 years old. The wall, the bridge, and the original steeple are still standing and in good condition. The town lies near the Roman town of Gunzenhausen. Gunzenhausen was an outpost on the Roman Limes Line, one of the largest structures ever constructed by mankind.
On the chimney of the "old schoolhouse" there are giant crane nests that have stood for centuries. They are a source of pride for the citizens of Ornbau.
German Mercedes-Benz Club rally.
Every year, an estimated 500 classic Mercedes-Benz cars from throughout Germany, and Europe gather in Ornbau in the largest mercedesbenzclubs.de gathering of the year. Thousands attend annually, and a fireworks display to rival that of many small us cities is shown.

</doc>
<doc id="5952653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952653" title="Matt Glennon">
Matt Glennon

Matthew William "Matt" Glennon (born 8 October 1978) is an English football goalkeeper who plays for Conference National club Halifax Town.
A graduate of the Bolton Wanderers Academy, he spent 1997 to 2001 at the club without making a first team appearance. Instead he spent part of 1999 on loan at Port Vale, and part of 2000 on loan at Stockport County and then Bristol Rovers; he played just one game for Rovers, and never made it onto the pitch for Port Vale or Stockport County.
He did manage to find regular football on loan at Carlisle United in the 2000–01 campaign, before securing a £50,000 move to Hull City in June 2001. He returned to Carlisle on a free transfer in October 2002, and helped the club to win promotion out of the Conference National as winners of the 2005 play-off Final. He then switched to Scottish side Falkirk, before signing with St. Johnstone in January 2006, where managed to score a goal. 
Glennon returned to England in June 2006 to play for Huddersfield Town. He spent four years with the club, making over 100 appearances, before he joined Bradford City in January 2010. He moved on to Stockport County in September 2010, and became the first choice keeper from his arrival up until his departure in January 2012. He then joined Chester, and helped the club to win the Northern Premier League title in 2011–12. He signed with Halifax Town in July 2012, and helped the club to win promotion out of the Conference North in May 2013.
Club career.
Bolton Wanderers.
Born in Stockport, Glennon started as a trainee at Bolton Wanderers, but could not break into the first team and after unsuccessful loan spells at Port Vale, Stockport County and Bristol Rovers, found his form at Carlisle United, where he played 29 games on loan in the 2000–01 season. In January 2001 he turned down a transfer to Rovers, that would have been worth around £250,000 for Bolton.
Hull City.
In June 2001, he moved to Hull City for a £50,000 fee. He played 35 games for the "Tigers" but was allowed to leave for Carlisle on a free transfer in October 2002. 
Carlisle United.
Glennon spent three years with Carlisle, playing over 100 games for the side. He stayed with the club as they were relegated to the Conference and quickly gained promotion back to League Two as play-off winners in 2005. However he departed in June 2005 after declaring the contract he was offered was 'unacceptably low'.
Falkirk & St. Johnstone.
He went to Scotland to play for Falkirk in July 2005, before moving to St. Johnstone in January 2006. At St. Johnstone he scored his first senior goal, as a desperate last minute attempt to score an equaliser paid off. He then returned south of the border, signing with Huddersfield Town in June 2006.
Huddersfield Town.
After moving to the Galpharm Stadium, Glennon firmly established himself as the club's first choice keeper. He achieved a rare feat in saving three penalty kicks in the same game against Crewe Alexandra on 24 February 2007, even though Town still lost the game 2–1. His perfect appearance record at Town was tarnished after he was sent off in Town's 4–1 defeat by Southend United at Roots Hall on 5 December 2007, forcing 17-year-old Alex Smithies to come on in his place. On 17 January 2008, he was rumoured to be leaving Town for Premier League side Birmingham City, who he'd helped Town knock out of the FA Cup two weeks earlier. In April 2008 Glennon had rejected a new deal to stay at the Galpharm Stadium, alerting the five clubs awaiting his signature including Birmingham City, Coventry City and Charlton Athletic. However on 7 May of that year, he signed a two-year extension to his contract with Huddersfield Town, keeping him at the Galpharm Stadium until 2010. Having been displaced as the "Terriers" number 1 by Alex Smithies, it was announced on 13 January 2010 that Glennon's contract had been terminated. 
Bradford City.
He then joined League Two side Bradford City on a deal until the end of the season. He was handed the number 40 shirt. He made his debut against Bury in a 2–1 loss. His first clean sheet came in a 0–0 draw with Grimsby Town. Glennon was released from his contract with Bradford City at the end of the 2009–10 season.
Stockport County.
In September 2010, Glennon joined his hometown club Stockport County on a permanent deal; he signed along with the (then) manager's son, Jake Simpson. He replaced Owain Fôn Williams as the club's first choice stopper, and started 36 league games in 2010–11, as the "Hatters" were relegated out of the Football League. Glennon made a further 26 appearances in 2011–12, but was released by manager Jim Gannon on 31 January 2012.
Chester.
On 24 February 2012, Glennon signed for Chester F.C. of the Northern Premier League Premier Division until the end of the season, keeping a clean sheet on his debut against Buxton. He helped the club to win the league title and promotion to the Football Conference in 2011–12, before leaving the Deva Stadium in the summer.
Halifax Town.
He signed with Halifax Town, another reformed club, in July 2012, with the intention of battling Phil Senior for the first team spot. He played 51 matches in the 2012–13 campaign, and kept a clean sheet in the Conference North play-off final, as promotion was secured with a 1–0 victory over Brackley Town. He was an unused substitute in the West Riding County Cup victory over Guiseley.
He missed just one league game in the 2013–14 season as he helped the club to secure a play-off spot, where they were beaten by Cambridge United at the semi-final stage.
International career.
Glennon represented England at semi-professional level making two appearances for the England C team during his time at Carlisle United in 2005 when they were playing in the Conference National.

</doc>
<doc id="5952663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952663" title="Dizzy Heights">
Dizzy Heights

Dizzy Heights is the fourth studio album by British alternative rock band The Lightning Seeds, released in 1996, and reached No. 11 in the UK Albums Chart. It was re-issued in Sony Mid Price range in August 1999.
Writing and recording.
"Dizzy Heights" was recorded at the Eel Pie Island studio, a barge on the River Thames Ian Broudie had rented from Pete Townshend of The Who. Work on the album was halted midway through 1996 so Broudie could concentrate on Three Lions, which the Football Association had approached him to write, in time for Euro 96.
According to Broudie, the album was recorded in two 'sections' – one with the band utilising live drums and bass guitar, the other using loops and samplers produced by Broudie.
Songs.
Singles.
The first single to be released from the album was "Ready or Not", which featured B-side covers of "Another Girl, Another Planet" and Wire's "Outdoor Miner". It reached No. 20 in the UK charts. The single version differs from that found as the penultimate track on the album.
"What If..." was released October 1996 in the UK. It peaked at No. 14 in the charts and, continuing in the vein of the previous single, included a cover of The Beach Boys' "Here Today" as a cassette-only B-side. The single's title track, co-written by Terry Hall and Broudie, featured a poppy sound reminiscent of The Turtles' "Happy Together". The song is regarded as a stand-out track of the album by Broudie himself, who cites The Beach Boys and The Turtles as influences behind the song.
"Sugar Coated Iceberg" was co-written with Stephen Jones of Babybird, who Broudie admired as a contemporary songwriter partially due to the sense of humour exhibited in his lyrics. On hearing "You're Gorgeous" and "Too Handsome To Be Homeless" played live, Broudie suggested to Jones that it would be "great to get together and write a song". According to Broudie, the words were written around the title, coming from the concept of a sugar-coated iceberg.
"You Showed Me", a cover of the Turtles song and the fourth single from "Dizzy Heights", was originally intended to be a B-side to "What If..." but it was decided by the band that the produced version was good enough to be on the LP. Coming together relatively quickly, the track utilised loops and samplers from the Turtles original, "going back to machines" as Broudie put it. The song was to be The Lightning Seeds' most successful chart release (not including the two versions of "Three Lions", co-written with Frank Skinner and David Baddiel) reaching No. 8 in the UK. By the time the song was released as a single, drummer Chris Sharrock had left the band to join Robbie Williams' backing group, and new percussionist Zak Starkey took his place in the video.
All single releases featured on the band's 1997 greatest hits compilation, "Like You Do", along with a re-recorded version of "Waiting for Today to Happen". The four single tracks can also be found on 2006 compilation "The Very Best Of".
Non-single tracks.
The album opens with "Imaginary Friends", a tongue-in-cheek comment on modern society and moves into a more acoustic mode in "Waiting for Today to Happen", a track written by Broudie in collaboration with Manic Street Preachers bassist Nicky Wire. "Touch and Go" and "Like You Do" are quoted by Broudie as being placed 'in a line' with "The Life of Riley" and "Pure" as being semi-autobiographical, which he cites along with a number of other songs from previous albums as feeling like 'one big song' to him. "Like You Do" would provide the title of the band's 1997 greatest hits compilation though the song did not appear on the collection itself. The album closes with "Fishes on the Line" which contains lyrics bordering on the surreal and an anthemic guitar outro.
Release and reception.
Andy Gill of The Independent criticised the clichéd and unimaginative nature of tracks such as "Imaginary Friends", blasting "Fingers and Thumbs" and the 'flimsy' "Wishaway" as borrowing too heavily from the Beatles. Billboard's Jonathan Cohen was equally as critical of "Wishaway" and "Touch and Go" on his website Nude as the News, claiming the album is "sucked into a netherworld of redundant riffs". Special criticism is reserved for "Sugar Coated Iceberg" which, according to Cohen, is ruined by "cornball" synth programming, and although "Ready or Not" and "Imaginary Friends" are praised, the album as a whole is described as "un-original".
The Spectator's Marcus Berkmann was slightly more praising of "Dizzy Heights" and indeed the first five Lightning Seeds albums, albeit in retrospect, in his 2006 article 'Seeds of Joy'. Steven Thomas Erlewine of All Music Guide is also largely praising of the album, stating that a number of "terrific moments" "keep Broudie's reputation as a pop craftsman intact".
Track listing.
All songs written by Ian Broudie (except where stated).

</doc>
<doc id="5952666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952666" title="Nunc sancte nobis spiritus">
Nunc sancte nobis spiritus

Nunc, Sancte, nobis Spiritus is a Christian hymn attributed to St. Ambrose of Milan. Traditionally, the hymn is a part of the prayers of Terce in the Liturgy of the Hours.
Hymn in Latin.
Nunc, Sancte, nobis, Spiritus,<br>
Unum Patri cum Filio,<br>
Dignare promptus ingeri<br>
Nostro refusus pectori.
Os, lingua, mens, sensus, vigor<br>
Confessionem personent.<br>
Flammescat igne caritas,<br>
Accéndat ardor proximos.
Præsta, Pater piissime,<br>
Patríque compar Unice,<br>
Cum Spiritu Paraclito<br>
Regnans per omne sæculum. Amen. 
Hymn in English.
Translation by John Henry Newman, 1836.
Come, Holy Ghost, Who ever One<br>
Art with the Father and the Son;<br>
Come, Holy Ghost, our souls possess<br>
With Thy full flood of holiness.
In will and deed, by heart and tongue,<br>
With all our powers, Thy praise be sung;<br>
And love light up our mortal frame,<br>
Till others catch the living flame.
Almighty Father, hear our cry<br>
Through Jesus Christ our Lord most high,<br>
Who with the Holy Ghost and Thee<br>
Doth live and reign eternally.
Another Translation.
Below is the even more widely used translation made by Father John Mason Neale in 1852 for his community of Anglican nuns.
Come, Holy Ghost, with God the Son<br>
And God the Father, ever One;<br>
Shed forth Thy grace within our breast,<br>
And dwell with us a ready Guest.
By every power, by heart and tongue,<br>
By act and deed, Thy praise be sung;<br>
Inflame with perfect love each sense,<br>
That others’ souls may kindle thence.
O Father, that we ask be done,<br>
Through Jesus Christ, Thine only Son,<br>
Who, with the Holy Ghost and Thee,<br>
Shall live and reign eternally.

</doc>
<doc id="5952668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952668" title="County Route 94 (Suffolk County, New York)">
County Route 94 (Suffolk County, New York)

County Route 94 (CR 94) is a east–west county route connecting Calverton to Riverhead in Suffolk County, New York, in the United States. It runs from just north of the Long Island Expressway (Interstate 495 or I-495) at exit 71 and a traffic circle at CR 104 in Riverhead. The majority of CR 94 overlaps with New York State Route 24 (NY 24), and both CR 94 and NY 24 are signed as north–south roads. Most of CR 94 was constructed in the early 1970s; however, the designation was assigned in 1955 and officially extended to its present length in 1963.
Route description.
CR 94 begins at the intersection of Edwards Avenue and River Road in the hamlet of Calverton. It initially heads southward on Edwards Avenue as a four-lane undivided road, crossing the Peconic River to access an incomplete diamond interchange with I-495. Here, CR 94 changes names to Nugent Drive, widens into a divided highway, and becomes concurrent to NY 24, whose eastern segment begins at the exit. Past the junction, the road curves from south to east as it intersects with the northern end of Toppings Path and the western end of South River Road, the latter of which was relocated as part of I-495's construction. The route continues on a slightly northeastward track for the next , passing through a mostly undeveloped area preserved by Suffolk County and the state of New York. One populated area exists in the vicinity of the intersection with Pinehurst Boulevard about east of the freeway.
As the route approaches the hamlet of Riverhead, it makes a more pronounced turn to the northeast, taking it within close proximity of the river once more. The forests finally give way to development roughly west of the community's center, where CR 94 serves Suffolk County's government buildings, including the Suffolk County Sheriff's Office complex. At this point, the median widens for U-turns at intersections with CR 94A and CR 51. Both intersections resemble traffic circles and function in a similar manner; however, at CR 51, CR 94 eastbound passes directly through what would be the island in the center of the junction. East of CR 51, CR 94 runs along the southern riverbank to a residential area directly south of the center of Riverhead, where it ends at a true traffic circle with CR 63 and CR 104. NY 24 continues eastward from the junction as Flanders Road.
History.
The CR 94 designation was assigned on August 4, 1955, to then-Center Drive between NY 25 west of Riverhead and the junction of NY 24 and NY 113 (now CR 104) south of the community. Center Drive was renamed Nugent Drive on August 8, 1960, and the CR 94 designation was extended westward to I-495 exit 71 on May 13, 1963, by way of a proposed extension to Nugent Drive. The piece of former CR 94 between the extension and NY 25 became CR 94A. Nugent Drive Extension was built in the early 1970s and opened to traffic as both CR 94 and as part of a realigned NY 24, reducing the gap between the two segments of NY 24 on opposite ends of Long Island. Prior to this, NY 24 took a right turn at former NY 113 and overlapped with the latter to reach NY 25. Nugent Drive Extension and Center Drive Spur (CR 94A) were intended to be part of a realigned NY 25A, with NY 25A overlapping with NY 24 between the Long Island Expressway and Center Drive Spur.
On November 17, 1965, a northwestern extension to Wading River was added to the route's official definition. The extension would have began in the vicinity of I-495 exit 71 and ended in the vicinity of NY 25A's intersection with Sound Avenue. As proposed, the highway would have followed Edwards Avenue from I-495 north to the main line of the Long Island Rail Road, where it would break from Edwards Avenue and head to the northwest. CR 94 was to cross NY 25 at an interchange between Fresh Pond Road and Edwards Avenue before making a further northwestern turn and crossing Fresh Pond Road itself. Near Wading River, it would have connected to CR 54 by way of an interchange before replacing part of Sound Avenue near its junction with NY 25A.
A rest area once existed on both lanes of the road at the Brookhaven–Southampton town line The westbound/northbound rest area was a standard right-access rest area along the north side, while the eastbound/southbound rest area was in the median. 
CR 94A.
CR 94A is a four-lane highway connecting CR 94 to NY 25 just west of Riverhead. The road, better known as Center Drive Spur, begins at the most westerly traffic circle along CR 94 and heads north across the Peconic River to the intersection of West Main Street (NY 25) and Court Street. CR 94A was assigned on May 13, 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="5952675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952675" title="Autonomous administrative divisions of India">
Autonomous administrative divisions of India

There are several autonomous administrative divisions of India to which the central government has given varying degrees of autonomy within the state legislature. The establishment and functions of most of these autonomous councils are based on the sixth schedule to the Constitution of India.
In Assam.
Bodoland Territorial Council.
The Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) has legislative, administrative, executive and financial powers over 40 policy areas in the Bodoland Territorial Areas Districts comprising four districts of Assam. It was established in 2003 following a peace agreement between the Government of India and Bodo rebels and is functioning since 2003 under the provision of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council.
The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) is an autonomous council in the district constituted under the provision of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Dima Hasao Autonomous District Council.
The Dima Hasao Autonomous District Council is an autonomous council constituted under the provisions of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India to administer the district and to develope the Dimasa people
Rabha Hasong Autonomous Council (RHAC).
An Autonomous Council have been constituted under the style - Rabha Hasong Autonomous Council with its headquarters at Dudhnai town. The jurisdiction of this council extents up to Rani area of Kamrup district and except some parts of Matia, Balijana and Lakhipur revenue Circles, it embraces almost the entire district of Goalpara. The autonomous council has been created to fulfill the longstanding demands of the Rabha people of the area. However, as the council is constituted only for the Ravas, the Tribals like the Bodos, the Garos, the Kochs, the Rajbongsis and others who constitute more than half of the population of Hasong area have been left out from the benefit of the council. As a result of this, there is a growing demand for Autonomous district council comprising all Tribal groups of these areas.
Mishing Autonomous Council(MAC).
Its headquarters is in Gogamukh, Dhemaji District of Assam.
In Jammu and Kashmir.
Ladakh Autonomous Hill Development Council, Kargil.
Kargil is a district of Ladakh, Kashmir, India. Kargil lies near the Line of Control facing Pakistan-administered Kashmir's Baltistan to the west, and Kashmir valley to the south. Following demands of Ladakhi people to make the district a new Indian union territory because of its religious and cultural differences with Kashmir. The government of India formed the Ladakh Autonomous Hill Development Council (LAHDC), which governs the area with limited autonomy.
Ladakh Autonomous Hill Development Council, Leh.
Leh is one of the two districts of Ladakh. Following widespread agitations to make it a Union Territory of India due to the cultural and liguistic differences with Kashmir the government of India formed the Ladakh Autonomous Hill Development Council (LAHDC), which governs this area with limited political autonomy. The first elections for the LAHDC were held in the year 1995.
In Meghalaya.
Garo Hills Autonomous District Council.
The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) is seated at Tura and covers East Garo Hills district, West Garo Hills district and South Garo Hills.
Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) is seated at Jowai and covers the Jaintia Hills district.
Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) covers West Khasi Hills district, East Khasi Hills district and Ri Bhoi district.
In Mizoram.
Chakma Autonomous District Council.
Chakma Autonomous District Council (CADC) is an autonomous council for the Chakma people living in the south-western part of Mizoram.
Lai Autonomous District Council.
Lai Autonomous District Council (LADC) is an autonomous council for the Lai people in the South-eastern part of Mizoram.
Mara Autonomous District Council.
Mara Autonomous District Council (MADC) is an autonomous council for the Mara people living in the Southern part of Mizoram.
In Tripura.
Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council.
The Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council (TTAADC) is an independent council administering the tribal areas of the state of Tripura. Its council and assembly are situated in Khumulwng, a town 20 km outside Agartala, the state capital.
In West Bengal.
Gorkhaland Territorial Administration.
Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) is a semi-autonomous administrative body for the Darjeeling hills in West Bengal, India. The GTA replaced the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council, which was formed in 1988 and administered the Darjeeling hills for 23 years. GTA presently has three hill subdivisions Darjeeling, Kalimpong, and Kurseong and some areas of Siliguri subdivision under its authority.
De facto autonomous areas.
North Sentinel Island.
North Sentinel Island is situated in the island chain of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands which is a union territory of India. It is home to the Sentinelese, who are some of the world's last uncontacted peoples. They reject any contact with other people and are among the last people to remain virtually untouched by modern civilization. Because there has never been any treaty with the people of the island nor any record of a physical occupation whereby the people of the island have conceded sovereignty the island exists in a curious state of limbo under established international law and can be seen as a sovereign entity under Indian protection.
The local government (Andaman and Nicobar Islands) has recently stated that they have no intention to interfere with the Sentinelese's lifestyle or habitat. Although the island is likely to have suffered seriously from the effects of the December 2004 tsunami, the survival of the Sentinelese was confirmed when, some days after the event, an Indian government helicopter observed several of them, who fired arrows at the hovering aircraft to repel it.
Although this has not been done with any formal treaty, the official policy of minimal interference has ensured that they have de facto autonomy and sovereignty over their island under the framework of the Indian and local governments.

</doc>
<doc id="5952682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952682" title="Hell on Wheels (2007 film)">
Hell on Wheels (2007 film)

Hell on Wheels is a documentary film telling the story of a group of Texas women who band together to resurrect roller derby for the 21st century. Emerging from the Austin music and arts scene, these women create a rock-and-roll fueled version of all-girl roller derby that has spawned the derby craze that's sweeping the nation.
Soundtrack.
The film features original music by …And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead.

</doc>
<doc id="5952696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952696" title="University of California, Santa Barbara Library">
University of California, Santa Barbara Library

The University of California, Santa Barbara Library is the university library system of the University of California, Santa Barbara in Santa Barbara, California. The Library include four facilities: Two libraries (the Davidson Library and the Arts Library) and two annexes (Annex I and Annex II). The library has some three million print volumes, 30,000 electronic journals, 34,450 e-books, 900,055 digitized items, five million cartographic items (including some 467,000 maps and 3.2 million satellite and aerial images), more than 3.7 million pieces of microform, 167,500 sound recordings, and 4,100 manuscripts. The Library states that it holds of manuscript and archival collections. According to data collected by the American Library Association, as of July 2010 the UC Santa Barbara Library holds the 99th largest library collection in America, reporting 2,948,999 volumes. 
The library serves UC Santa Barbara's students, faculty, and staff. The Library is also open to the public, but to borrow materials, non-University affiliated individuals must purchase a UCSB Library Card for $100 for one year. However, members of UCSB affiliates may join for a reduced fee, and students and faculty at other University of California campuses, public school teachers, and faculty from reciprocating libraries may also obtain borrowing privileges with no charge, subject to verification. Members of the UC Alumni Association may obtain a courtesy library card, which provides borrowing access, but not access to licensed databases or interlibrary loan, or the ability to check-out journals.
The Davidson Library has eight floors, with the Pacific View Room on the eighth floor offering a view of the Pacific Ocean.
Since 2011, the University Librarian has been Denise Stephens.
Expansion.
The Library is planning an Addition & Renovation Project, with construction scheduled to begin in June 2013. The project will include three parts: A building addition on the north side of UCSB Library; a renovation of the two-story section of UCSB Library; and seismic and code upgrades throughout the whole Davidson Library. The library will temporarily close the in the two-story section of UCSB Library over the construction period. The new and renovated facility will include a 20% increase in study space, a 24-hour Information Commons, a new Art Library, a new Special Collections research area, a Faculty Collaboration Studio, and dedicated spaces for group work. The project aims to be certified LEED Gold. The $71 million project comes during a time of budget crisis for the University of California system, but it is not funded through student fees or tuition dollars; rather, the project is being funded by a State of California bond sale.
Davidson Library.
The Donald C. Davidson Library is named in honor of Donald C. Davidson, who served as University Librarian from 1947 to 1977. It is the library's main branch, holding the general collection and several special collections: The Sciences and Engineering Library, the Map and Imagery Laboratory, the Curriculum Laboratory, the East Asian Library and the Ethnic and Gender Studies Library. The university's Department of Special Collections are also part of the Davidson Library. The Special Collections hold rare books and manuscripts and several collections, which include the Performing Arts Collection, the Wyles Collection on the American West, the Skofield Printers' Collection, and the California Ethnic and Multicultural Archives. 
The East Asian Library was created in 1967 and is housed in the fifth floor of the Davidson Library. The East Asian Library includes around 163,700 volumes of Chinese, Japanese, and Korean-language materials. The collection has been completely online since July 2005. The bulk of the collection is Chinese (60 percent) and Japanese (39 percent); the Library began to acquire Korean works in 1992 when the university began its Korean program, and now has a few hundred titles in Korean.
Department of Special Collections.
The Department of Special Collections acquires, preserves, and makes accessible rare, valuable, or unique materials which support UCSB students, faculty, and research programs, as well as the scholarly community. The department's holdings are non-circulating but are available for research in the reading room. The Special Collections includes many smaller units, including:
California Ethnic and Multicultural Archives.
California Ethnic and Multicultural Archives (CEMA) is a permanent program of UCSB and a division of the Department of Special Collections. Its collections on ethnic studies "document the lives and activities of African Americans, Asian/Pacific Americans, Chicanos/Latinos, and Native Americans in California. The collections represent the cultural, artistic, ethnic, and racial diversity that characterizes the state's population."
Established in 1988, the archives include the papers of many organizations and individuals. Holdings in the African American Collections are papers from Grover Cleveland Barnes, the Bay Area Black Panther Party, William Downey, Charles C. Irby, Anita J. Mackey, Horace J. McMillan, Kincaid Rolle, Tuskegee Airman Lowell Steward, and Samuel L. Williams. Holdings in the Asian/Pacific American Collections include the archives of the Asian American Theater Company, Kearny Street Workshop, Chinese American Democratic Club, Chinese American Political Association, and Chinese American Voters Education Committee, and the papers of Iris Chang, Frank Chin, Bob Hsiang, Nancy Hom, Michio Ito, Genny Lim, Ester Soriano-Hewitt, Gayle Tanaka, Sam Tagatac, Elizabeth Wong, Flo Wong, and Nellie Wong.
Holdings from the Chicano/Latino Collections include the papers of Oscar Zeta Acosta, Norma Alarcón, Juana Alicia, Carlos Almaraz and Los Four, Alurista, Francisco Camplís, Reynaldo J. Carreon, Sean Carrillo, Ana Castillo, Centro Cultural de la Raza, Federico and Bertha Claveria, the Comisíon Femeníl Mexicana Nacional, the Confederation of la Raza Organizations Collection, Lucha Corpi, Bert Corona, Richard (Ricardo) Cruz and Catolicos por la Raza, Eddie Davis (West Coast Eastside Sound Archives), Richard Duardo, Maria Duke Dos Santos, Ricardo Favela, Juan R. Fuentes, Adelina García, Ben Garza, Shifra Goldman, Maya Gonzalez, Hector Gonzalez, Dan Guerrero, Lalo Guerrero, Mark Guerrero, Paul Holguin, Leo Limon, Yolanda Lopez, Ralph Maradiaga, MEChA, Miguel Mendez, Marcy Miranda, José Montoya, the National Network of Hispanic Women, Victor Ochoa, Carlos Ornelas, Sheila Ortiz-Taylor, Ernesto Palomino, James Prigoff, Eloy Rodriguez, Patricia Rodríguez, Charles Rojo, Gil Sanchez, Self Help Graphics & Art, Simon Silva, Alvaro Suman, El Teatro Campesino, Rini Templeton, Mario Torero, Salvador Roberto Torres, Don Tosti (Edmundo Martinez Tostado), Emigdio Vasquez, Luís Valdez, Linda Vallejo, Esteban Villa, and Helena Maria Viramontes.
Arts Library.
The Arts Library is a branch library of the UCSB Library, holding materials relating to art and music. The Library holds some 200,000 volumes, including more than 110,000 books, journals, videos, microforms, and CD-ROMs; 95,000 auction and exhibition catalogs; and some 60,000 sound recordings and music scores. The music library is housed on the second floor of the Arts Library and includes some 25,000 LP records. The music collection includes a non-circulating Goethe Collection includes almost 200 items relating to Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, including several first and early editions of Goethe's writings and musical settings of his poetry by Franz Schubert, Ludwig van Beethoven, Walther Wolfgang von Goethe, Johann Friedrich Reichardt, and Carl Friedrich Zelter.

</doc>
<doc id="5952697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952697" title="Harrowdown Hill">
Harrowdown Hill

"Harrowdown Hill" is a song by Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke and is the eighth track on his 2006 album "The Eraser". The song was also released as a limited edition single in the United Kingdom on 21 August 2006, peaking at #23 in the UK Singles Chart (see 2006 in British music). "Harrowdown Hill" was Yorke's first official solo single, and one of two to be released from "The Eraser"; however, the track "Black Swan" had already been issued as a radio-only single in some areas. The song was written about biological warfare expert David Kelly who, as a matter of some contention, committed suicide in 2003. However, there is speculation that he was murdered, as demonstrated in the song. Thom Yorke himself confirmed the song's meaning in several interviews.
A video for the song was released 31 July 2006 and had its first play on Channel 4.
Song information.
Harrowdown Hill in Longworth, Oxfordshire is notable for being the place where the body of Dr. David Kelly was found in 2003. His evidence had raised questions about Saddam Hussein's possession of weapons of mass destruction — the official justification for the UK government's decision to invade Iraq. In an interview with "The Globe and Mail", Yorke said, "The government and the Ministry of Defence... were directly responsible for outing him and that put him in a position of unbearable pressure that he couldn't deal with, and they knew they were doing it and what it would do to him... I've been feeling really uncomfortable about that song lately, because it was a personal tragedy, and Dr. Kelly has a family who are still grieving. But I also felt that not to write it would perhaps have been worse." In another interview, Yorke said that "Harrowdown Hill" is "the most angry song I've ever written in my life. I'm not gonna get into the background to it, the way I see it... And it's not for me or for any of us to dig any of this up. So it's a bit of an uncomfortable thing." Yorke also notes that "'Harrowdown Hill' was kicking around during "Hail to the Thief", but there was no way that was going to work with the band.".
Music video.
The music video for "Harrowdown Hill" was directed by Chel White of BENT Image Lab in 2006. It features stop-motion eagle animation by David Russo, time-lapse footage by Mark Eiffert, and a technique known as Smallgantics.

</doc>
<doc id="5952701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952701" title="Ortenberg">
Ortenberg

Ortenberg may refer to two places in Germany:

</doc>
<doc id="5952719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952719" title="Hedgehog (EP)">
Hedgehog (EP)

Hedgehog is a Melt-Banana 7" EP released in 1994 on Charnel Music.
Track listing.
"All songs by Melt-Banana."

</doc>
<doc id="5952722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952722" title="Outpost Estates, Los Angeles">
Outpost Estates, Los Angeles

Outpost Estates is a historic canyon neighborhood in the central region of the City of Los Angeles, California. It consists of about 450 homes in Hollywood and the Hollywood Hills. It is located directly east of Runyon Canyon Park and centered around Outpost Drive. The area is bordered by Mulholland Drive to the north, Franklin to the south, Runyon Canyon to the west, and Hollywood Heights and the Hollywood Bowl to the east.
History.
The area was the site of the first building in what is now Hollywood, a three-rome adobe house built in 1853 by Don Tomas Urquidez, near what is now the intersection of Outpost Drive and Hillside Avenue. General Harrison Grey Otis, the owner of the "Los Angeles Times", acquired the estate from Don Tomás through legal wrangling associated with California's secession to the United States. Near Casa Don Tomás, Otis built a clubhouse on the property for entertaining, which he called "The Outpost".
In 1924 the property was acquired by Hollywood developer Charles E. Toberman, who kept the Outpost name and developed the property as one of several 1920s Hollywood luxury residential neighborhoods. The area became known as an affluent area with many rich and famous residents. Houses in what Toberman called the "Hillside Homes of Happiness" tended to be large (5,000 to 10,000 square feet) with courtyards and fountains, terraced gardens, elaborate tile work and beamed ceilings. "Homes had to be designed in Spanish, Mediterranean or California modern style, have red tile roofs, plenty of patios for "outdoor living," and be approved by architectural committee before being built." Most of the original houses have been preserved, and Lower Outpost looks much like it did in the 1920s.
In the 1920s, in the hills above the development there was a large sign spelling out "Outpost" in red neon letters 30 feet high. It was intended to compete with the Hollywoodland sign (which later became the Hollywood sign). At the time it was the largest neon sign in the United States. The Outpost sign was dismantled during World War II, and the wreckage of the sign was left in place, buried in the weeds; even the original foundation and electrical junction boxes survived. The twisted remains were identified by hikers in 2002. 
In 1967 a homeowners association was formed to combat what residents considered to be inappropriate development; in the 1980s the group help to prevent the development of Runyon Canyon.
The Outpost Estates development was one of the first neighborhoods in the country to offer all-underground utilities.
Education.
Residents attend schools in the Los Angeles Unified School District. They may attend one of three elementary schools: Gardner Street Elementary School, Selma Elementary School or Valley View Elementary School. Middle schools are Bancroft Middle School and John Burroughs Middle School. All residents are zoned to Hollywood High School.

</doc>
<doc id="5952727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952727" title="Russula cyanoxantha">
Russula cyanoxantha

Russula cyanoxantha, synonymous with R. xyanoxantha, commonly known as the charcoal burner, is a basidiomycete mushroom, distinguished from most other members of the "Russula" genus by the fact that its gills do not split, but are soft and flexible. It is one of the most common species of "Russula" in Europe.
It is an edible mushroom. It was designated "Mushroom of the Year" in 1997 by the German Association of Mycology.
Description.
The most salient characteristic is the weak gills, which feel greasy to the touch, are flexible and do not break. The cap is 4–15 cm (1.5–6 in) wide, convex at first and later flattened, and greenish to bright brown (they vary considerably in color). The stipe is pure white, slightly convex underneath, up to 10 cm in height and 1.5–2.5 cm (0.5–1 in) in diameter. The spores are pure white. The stipe will give a green reaction when rubbed with iron salts (Ferrous Sulphate). Most other (but not all) russula species give a salmon reaction. Coupled with the gill flexibility this is a good diagnostic clue to species level.
Distribution and habitat.
"Russula cyanoxantha" grows in slightly acidic, but nutrient-rich soil. Like all "Russulas", it is a mycorrhizal fungus. It is found most commonly in beech forests, and often in deciduous or mixed forests, appearing from May to November, with the highest concentration in July to September.
Use.
Suitable for many kinds of preparation; the flesh is not as hard as that of many other edible Russulas. It has a mild, nutty taste.
Similar species.
The cap of the grey-green Russula Russula grisea is more blue-grey but has violet or green hues with light cream gills. This fungus also grows in mixed forests, particularly under beech, and more rarely in coniferous forests.

</doc>
<doc id="5952732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952732" title="Therapeutic angiogenesis">
Therapeutic angiogenesis

Therapeutic angiogenesis is an experimental area of treatment of ischemia, the condition which associated with decrease in blood supply to certain body organs, tissue or part. This usually caused by constriction or obstruction of the blood vessels. Angiogenesis is the natural healing process by which new blood vessels are formed to supply the organ or part in deficit with oxygen-rich blood. The goal of therapeutic angiogenesis is to stimulate the creation of new blood vessels in ischemic organs, tissues or parts in hope to increase the level of oxygen-rich blood reaching these areas.
References.
1. Isner JM. Therapeutic angiogenesis: a new frontier for vascular therapy. 
"Vasc Med". 1996 1: 79-87.
2. Ferrara N, Kerbel RS. Angiogenesis as a therapeutic target.
"Nature". 2005 Dec 15;438(7070): 967-74. 
3. Losordo DW, Dimmeler S. Therapeutic angiogenesis and vasculogenesis 
for ischemic disease. Part I: angiogenic cytokines. 
"Circulation". 2004 109: 2487-2491
4. Cao L, Mooney DJ. Spatiotemporal control over growth factor signaling for therapeutic neovascularization. 
"Adv Drug Deliv Rev." 2007 Nov 10;59(13):1340-50.

</doc>
<doc id="5952739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952739" title="Perrysburg Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Perrysburg Township, Wood County, Ohio

Perrysburg Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 12,512 people in the township.
Geography.
Perrysburg Township is located in northern Wood County, surrounding the crossroads of I-75 and the Ohio Turnpike, ten miles south of the City of Toledo, Ohio. At one time Perrysburg Township was the largest township, geographical, in Ohio with 49 square miles; due to annexation the square mileage is now approximately 40.
Perrysburg Township borders the following townships and municipalities:
Name and history.
Established on May 8, 1823, it is the oldest township in Wood County.
It is the only Perrysburg Township statewide. The namesake of Perrysburg Township is Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry who fought in the War of 1812 and won a decisive victory at the Battle of Lake Erie.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
Current elected officials of Perrysburg Township: 
Board of Trustee meetings, which are open to the public, are held on the 1st and 3rd Wednesdays at 6:00 p.m. and the 2nd Wednesday at 2:00 p.m. each month at the Town Hall.
Perrysburg Township offices are composed of the following: Administration, Emergency Medical Services, Fire, Police, Recreation, Road Maintenance, and Zoning.
Demographics.
As of the 2010 Census, there were 12,512 people residing in Perrysburg Township. There were 5,359 households and 3,238 families out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them. The average household size was 2.3 and the average family size was 2.89.
The racial makeup of the township was 
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.4% of the population.
The median age in the township was 42.9 years. 
The gender makeup of the township was 47.2% male and 52.8% female.
Education.
Primary-Secondary Education.
There are four school districts which fall within the jurisdictional boundaries of Perrysburg Township: 
Perrysburg Township is also home to Penta Career Center, a vocational high school, serving five counties and sixteen school districts.
A full-time Islamic school is located on the grounds of the Greater Toledo Islamic Center in Perrysburg Township.
Higher Education.
Owens Community College
Commercial/Industrial.
Perrysburg Township is home to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5952743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952743" title="Ortenberg, Hesse">
Ortenberg, Hesse

Ortenberg is a town in the Wetteraukreis district, in Hesse, Germany. It is located 22 km east of Friedberg, and 38 km northeast of Frankfurt am Main. 

</doc>
<doc id="5952745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952745" title="No Rules (GMS album)">
No Rules (GMS album)

No Rules is an album by psychedelic trance artists G.M.S. which was released in 2002.
Track listing.
This was released on CD and double-LP. The track "Overdose" was not on the LP version.

</doc>
<doc id="5952750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952750" title="Steven Rattazzi">
Steven Rattazzi

Steven Rattazzi is an American actor. He provides the voice for the character of Doctor Byron Orpheus on the Adult Swim animated series "The Venture Bros." He has also done some Off-Off-Broadway shows.

</doc>
<doc id="5952752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952752" title="Semiwadcutter">
Semiwadcutter

A semiwadcutter or SWC is a type of all-purpose bullet commonly used in revolvers. The SWC combines features of the wadcutter target bullet and traditional round nosed revolver bullets, and is used in both revolver and pistol cartridges for hunting, target shooting, and plinking. Full wadcutters frequently have problems feeding from magazines reliably in automatics, so SWCs may be used when a true WC is desired but cannot be used for this reason.
The basic SWC design consists of a roughly conical nose, truncated with a flat point (called a "meplat"), sitting on a cylinder (A at right). The base of the cone is slightly smaller in diameter than the cylinder, leaving a sharp shoulder. The flat nose punches a clean hole in the target, rather than tearing it like a round nose bullet would, and the sharp shoulder enlarges the hole neatly, allowing easy and accurate scoring of the target. The SWC design offers better external ballistics than the wadcutter, as its conical nose produces less drag than the flat cylinder. A typical modification is to alter the conical section to make the sides concave, to reduce the bullet mass, or convex, to increase it. B shows a concave sided SWC, typical of a lightweight .45 ACP bullet used in bullseye shooting. The concave sides reduce the bullet weight, and thus the recoil, while keeping the overall length of the bullet long enough to feed reliably in a semi-automatic pistol such as the M1911 commonly found in bullseye competitions.
Some of the most famous SWC designs were developed by Elmer Keith for use in handgun hunting. These designs (C) use a wider front, and convex sides on the "cone" in front. This puts more weight in the front of the bullet, allowing a heavier bullet with no reduction in case capacity. Since Keith was a prime motivating force in the development of the first magnum handgun cartridge, the .357 Magnum, he was very interested in maximizing the amount of case volume for the slower burning powders needed to push heavy bullets at high velocities. The choice of bullet for the .357 Magnum cartridge varied during its development. During the development at Smith & Wesson, the original Keith bullet was modified slightly, to the form of the Sharpe bullet, which itself was based upon the Keith bullet, but which had 5/6 of the bearing surface of the Keith bullet, Keith bullets typically being made oversized and sized down. Winchester, however, upon experimenting further during the cartridge development, modified the Sharpe bullet shape slightly, while keeping the Sharpe contour of the bullet. The final choice of bullet for the .357 Magnum was thus based on the earlier Keith and Sharpe bullets, while additionally having slight differences from both. 
The Keith style SWC has been taken even further, to produce designs that are nearly wadcutters in shape (D), but are intended for large game hunting with handguns. These have nearly cylindrical noses, which are as long as the firearm chamber allows, and just slightly smaller than bore diameter so they will easily chamber. The massive nose provides a large surface area for producing large wound channels, resulting in rapid incapacitation, and the heavy bullet provides excellent penetration. The wide nose is less prone to deformation than a narrow nose, allowing the bullet to keep its shape and continue to penetrate even if it encounters bone.

</doc>
<doc id="5952753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952753" title="Albrecht von Johansdorf">
Albrecht von Johansdorf

Albrecht von Johansdorf (c. 1180 – c. 1209) was a Minnesänger and a minor noble in the service of Wolfger of Erla. Documents indicate that his life included the years 1185 to 1209. He may have known Walther von der Vogelweide and is believed to have participated in a crusade. He is known to have written at least five "recruitment" songs in Middle High German, most likely for the Third Crusade. His "Song 2" owes a debt to the structure and melody from a song in Old French by trouvère poet Conon de Béthune. His "Song 5", which mentions the capture of Jerusalem, may suggest that he wrote around 1190. Von Johansdorf's "Minnelieder" conform outwardly to the standard pattern of man subordinating himself to the woman above him and is responsible for the classical formulation of "the educative value of Minnedienst" ("daz ir deste werde sit und da bi hochgemuot"). His integrity and warmth of heart are most evident in poems referring to the departure for the crusade.

</doc>
<doc id="5952757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952757" title="Canobie Lake">
Canobie Lake

Canobie Lake is a body of water located in Rockingham County in southern New Hampshire, United States, in the towns of Salem and Windham. It is approximately long, and on average wide, though two arms of the lake combine to produce a width of at the lake's center. Canobie Lake Park, an amusement park, is located on the lake's east shore. The lake is the water supply for the town of Salem, New Hampshire.
Canobie Lake is predominantly spring-fed. Aside from the amusement park, the shores of the lake are primarily lined with houses. Water from the lake flows via Policy Brook to the Spicket River and thence to the Merrimack River in Lawrence, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="5952759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952759" title="Defence Intelligence Agency">
Defence Intelligence Agency

Defence Intelligence Agency, or variations on the name, may refer to agencies in several countries, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="5952787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952787" title="BuyWord">
BuyWord

BuyWord is a letter arrangement word game by American designer Sid Sackson. It is published by Face2Face Games.
Rules.
The money is sorted into denominations and $200 are dealt to each player. Players are issued a certain number of wild tiles each, depending on the number of players. Letter tiles are placed in the bag.
On each game turn, each player performs the following operations:
Players take it in turn to act as "leader". The leader rolls the die to determine how many tiles will be drawn from the bag by each player that round. If the die indicates "choice" the leader chooses any number from two to five tiles.
Having drawn tiles from the bag, players in turn decide to either purchase or discard those tiles. The cost of a set of tiles is equal to the square of the number of pips showing in the set. Tiles must be purchased or discarded as a set; players may not purchase some of the drawn tiles and not others. Discarded tiles are removed from the game. Purchased tiles are taken into the buyer's hand.
After a round of tile purchases, players may sell words formed from tiles in their hands. A word may include a single wild tile, which can represent any letter. The sale price of a word is determined exactly as is the purchase price of a set of letters: as the square of the pips showing in the word. The validity of words is judged based on any standard mutually agreed to by the players ahead of time.
After all players have had the opportunity to sell words, no player may hold more than eight letter tiles in hand. Wild tiles do not count against this limit. Players must either sell words or discard tiles to adhere to this limit. Once this is done, the role of leader passes to the next player and a new round of play begins.
The game ends when players find that there are insufficient letter tiles in the bag to conduct tile purchases for the round in progress. All remaining tiles in the bag are discarded, and the round is completed without the tile buying phase.
The player with the most money at the end of the game is the winner. In the one-player game, the player simply judges his performance based on his winnings; $800-$1000 is suggested as a range to measure against.
Variants.
The game rules include several suggested variants, such as auctions and trades of tiles or cash, themes to be required of all words sold, and building new words in crossword fashion. 
Awards.
"BuyWord" was the GAMES 100 Game of the Year in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5952794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952794" title="Ortrand">
Ortrand

Ortrand is a town in the Oberspreewald-Lausitz district, in southern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 24 km southwest of Senftenberg, and 36 km north of Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="5952797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952797" title="Operation Panama Express">
Operation Panama Express

Operation Panama Express is a long-running Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force (OCDETF) comprising participants from the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), the United States Coast Guard and the United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Florida.
According to a March 2006 Congressional testimony by DEA Chief of Operations Michael Braun, Operation Panama Express has resulted in the seizure of 350 metric tons (392 tons) of cocaine and the arrests of 1,107 individuals. The OCDETF is based in Tampa, Florida and focuses primarily on interrupting cocaine shipments en route from South America, especially Colombia.
On September 13, 2008 the U.S. Coast Guard captured a narco submarine about west of Guatemala; it was carrying seven tons of cocaine. The 59-foot-long, steel and fiberglass craft was detected by a U.S. Navy aircraft as part of Operation Panama Express.
Joaquin Mario Valencia-Trujillo.
The most notable individual arrested as a result of Operation Panama Express is Colombian Cali cartel kingpin Joaquin Mario Valencia-Trujillo. Valencia was arrested on January 31, 2003 in Bogota, Colombia and extradited in 2004 to the United States. The lead witness in Valencia's trial was Jose Castrillon-Henao, a former Cali cartel maritime smuggling chief who became an FBI informant in 1999. Valencia was sentenced to a prison term of 40 years and ordered to forfeit $110 million.
External links.
Congressional Testimony by Michael Braun (March 30, 2006): http://www.dea.gov/pubs/cngrtest/ct033006.html
April 16, 2005 Cocaine Seizure detailed in Coast Guard Magazine (April 27, 2005): http://www.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0PBY/is_2005_June/ai_n15378876
U.S. Dept. of Treasury names Trujillo Specially Designated Narcotics Trafficker (March 27, 2003): http://www.ustreas.gov/press/releases/js138.htm
WTOP: "Testimony Begins in Alleged Kingpin Trial" (July 10, 2006):
The Tampa Tribune: "Trial Offers 'Miami Vice' Scenario" (July 5, 2006): http://www.tbo.com/news/metro/MGB4B9J09PE.html
The Tampa Tribune: "The Confidential Witness" (July 10, 2006): http://www.tbo.com/news/metro/MGBLGFLFGPE.html
The St. Petersburg Times: "Drug Trial Could Shake Colombia" (July 9, 2006): http://www.sptimes.com/2006/07/09/Tampabay/Drug_trial_could_shak.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="5952803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952803" title="Simone Verovio">
Simone Verovio

Simone Verovio ("fl." 1575 – 17 Decembre 1607) was a Dutch calligrapher, engraver, printer, and editor. He was born (perhaps with the name Simon Werrewick ) in s'-Hertogenbosch and moved to Rome no later than 1575. By 1586 he began printing music books, using engraved plates. These were some of the first music books published in this manner. Some of the books he printed seem to have been engraved by Van Buyten, however through various editions the attribution changes. He printed Luzzasco Luzzaschi's "Madrigali" (1601) and Claudio Merulo's "Toccate d'intavolatura" (1598, 1604).

</doc>
<doc id="5952813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952813" title="Were (disambiguation)">
Were (disambiguation)

Were is an archaic term for an adult male human, now used as a prefix to indicate a type of shapeshifter.
Were may also refer to:
"People"

</doc>
<doc id="5952837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952837" title="Qiyin lüe">
Qiyin lüe

The Qiyin lüe () is a Chinese rime table, which dates to before 1161. This reference work survived to the present largely because the Song dynasty historian Zheng Qiao (/; "Cheng Ch'iao"; 1104–1162) included it in his 1161 encyclopedia "Tongzhi" (; "T'ung chih"; "General Treatises").
The Chinese linguist Luo Changpei wrote a definitive study (1935) of the "Qiyin lüe".
The structure and contents of the work is closely related to the "Yunjing", and the two are believed to derive from a common source prior to the Song dynasty.
Both have tables combining rows for a particular final rime, columns for various initials, and up to four tones.

</doc>
<doc id="5952838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952838" title="Amy Hill">
Amy Hill

Amy Marie Hill (born May 9, 1953) is an American actress. She also has a daughter named Penelope Hill and they have performed in numerous shows together across the United States. She is perhaps best known for her roles as Mrs. DePaulo in "That's So Raven", Mrs. Kwan in "The Cat in the Hat", Sue in "50 First Dates", Miss Hyo-Kim in "Next Friday", Yung-Hee "Grandma" Kim on "All-American Girl" through more of a cult status, and the voice of Jasmine "Ah-Mah" Lee on "The Life and Times of Juniper Lee".
She is currently a series regular on the HBO comedy series "Enlightened" portraying the role of Judy Harvey.
Early life.
Hill was born in Deadwood, South Dakota, to a Japanese mother and a Finnish American father. She became an acclaimed actress working with the famed Asian American Theater Company in San Francisco, California. Hill is also known in the theatre world as a respected performance artist, having written and performed a number of one-woman shows, including the trilogy of "Tokyo Bound", "Reunion", and "Beside Myself".
Career.
Hill first became noticed in the industry for her involvement on Margaret Cho's short-lived sitcom "All-American Girl" in the role of grandmother Yung-Hee better known as Grandma or Grandma Kim. Through the run of the show her character eventually became the show's breakout character and this was noted in the show's 2006 DVD release in an interview with herself and former co-star Margaret Cho.
A little after All-American Girl was cancelled she would later be cast in the role of Kay Ohara on "Maybe This Time" which would eventually lead her to be working and co-starring with TV legend Betty White and former "All American Girl" co-star Ashley Johnson. 
Some of her notable films that she starred in would be "Max Keeble's Big Move", "Big Fat Liar", "The Cat in the Hat", "Let's Go To Prison", "Lilo & Stitch", and as Dr. Barrenbottom in 2013's "Big Gay Love", but her most notable film role was as Sue in the film "50 First Dates".
She has had many notable guest starring roles on shows such as "Night Court", "Six Feet Under", "Desperate Housewives", "King of the Hill", "The Sarah Silverman Program", and "My Wife & Kids". She had had many notable recurring roles on TV shows as well such as the lesbian daughter of D. L. Hughley's neighbor (played by Pat Morita) on "The Hughleys", The upstairs neighbor of Monica and Rachel on "Friends", Mrs. DePaulo on "That's so Raven", Mama Tohru on "Jackie Chan Adventures", Mrs. Hasagawa on "", Penny Candy on "The Puzzle Place", Mah Mah the adopted mother of Francine on "American Dad", Dr. Lauren Brown on "General Hospital", and Suji on "The Naked Truth". In the final episode of season six of "Seinfeld", she played the part of Frank Costanza's long lost girlfriend during his Korean War service.
She also had notable regular roles on "Strip Mall" and one of her better known roles as "Ah-Mah" Jasmine Lee on "The Life and Times of Juniper Lee".

</doc>
<doc id="5952839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952839" title="Osterburken">
Osterburken

Osterburken is a town in the Neckar-Odenwald district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 28 km southwest of Tauberbischofsheim, 50 km northeast of Heilbronn, 90 km east of Heidelberg, 60 km southwest of Würzburg and 30 km east of Mosbach. The S1 S-Bahn line of VRN public transport service operates between Homburg (Saarland) and Osterburken, hence the train station here is used frequently to transfer to and from other trains.

</doc>
<doc id="5952845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952845" title="Richmond Pearson">
Richmond Pearson

Richmond Pearson (January 26, 1852 – September 12, 1923) was an American diplomat and member of the U.S. House of Representatives from North Carolina.
Biography.
He was born in Yadkin County, North Carolina, the fourth of five children of North Carolina Supreme Court Justice Richmond Mumford Pearson.
Pearson studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1874. The same year he was appointed United States consul to Verviers and Liege, Belgium, which he resigned in 1877.
Pearson was elected to one term (1884–86) in the North Carolina House of Representatives and later to two consecutive terms in the U.S. House, serving from 1895 to 1899. When he ran for re-election in 1898, he was initially declared the loser, and William T. Crawford the winner. But he successfully contested the election and was seated for the last half of the Fifty-sixth Congress (May 10, 1900 to March 1901).
President Theodore Roosevelt appointed Pearson consul to Genoa in 1901, ambassador to Persia in 1902, and ambassador to Greece and Montenegro in 1907. He retired from the diplomatic service in 1909, and lived most of his later life at his home in Asheville, North Carolina, called "Richmond Hill" (the same name as his father's home in Yadkin County). It was there that he died in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="5952846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952846" title="Sava II">
Sava II

Saint Sava II (; 1201–1271) was the third Archbishop of the Serbian Orthodox Church, serving from 1263 until his death in 1271. He was the middle son of King Stefan the First-Crowned of the Nemanjić dynasty and his Byzantine wife Eudokia Angelina. He had two brothers, Stefan Radoslav and Stefan Vladislav, and a sister, Komnena. Predislav took the monastic name of "Sava", after his uncle, Saint Sava, the first Serbian Archbishop. The Serbian Orthodox Church celebrates him as a saint and his feast-day is on February 21.
Life.
Predislav (Предислав) was born around 1198, as the middle son of King Stefan the First-Crowned and Queen Eudokia. He had brothers Stefan Radoslav (b. 1192), Stefan Vladislav (b. 1198), and half-brother Stefan Uroš I (b. 1223). He also had two sisters, Komnena being the only one whose name is known.
King Stefan the First-Crowned, who had become ill, took monastic vows and died in 1227. Radoslav who was the eldest son succeeded as King, crowned at Žiča by Archbishop Sava, his uncle. The younger sons, Vladislav and Uroš I, received appanages. Sava II (Predislav) was appointed bishop of Hum shortly thereafter, later serving as Archbishop of Serbia (1263-1270). The Church and state was thus dominated by the same family and the ties between the two as well as the family's role within the Church continued.

</doc>
<doc id="5952850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952850" title="Thunder 1">
Thunder 1

The Thunder 1 is a rocket firing device that the militant group Hezbollah claims to use. Hezbollah claimed the more accurate and longer ranged Thunder 1 was used in attacks of the northern Israeli towns of Safed, Nahariya, Kiryat Shmona and Carmiel in July, 2006 after anti-Hezbollah attacks by Israel. Thunder 1 is believed to have a range of up to 60 miles, making it capable of reaching Israel's largest city Tel Aviv from Hezbollah strongholds in southern Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="5952867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952867" title="Vilalba">
Vilalba

Vilalba is a municipality in Galicia (Spain), in the province of Lugo.
Pilgrim route.
Vilalba is located on the old pilgrim route from western Europe to Santiago de Compostella, which enters from Burgos and Abadin to he east and crosses using the old Bridge of Martiñán in the parish of Goiriz, leaving on the west side of the town towards Baamonde, Guitiriz and León.
Journalistic tradition.
Vilalba had during the 20th century a rich journalistic tradition that began in 1902 with the "Ideal Villalbés", a newspaper handwritten by the poet and journalist Antonio García Hermida. This first episode will be continued, in a more professional form, by the "El Eco de Villalba" (1908) under the hand of Manuel Mato Vizoso and Novo Freire. After this they will come: "El Ratón" (1910), "El Vigía Villalbés" (1913), "Azul y Blanco" (1914), "Villalba y su comarca" (1915), "Galicia pintoresca" (1916) or "El Heraldo de Villalba" (1916) which will consecrate García Hermida's as a professional journalist.
But the proliferation of written press does not end there, but it will continue in the same year and the following ones with the first newspaper written entirely in Galician in the town, "A Xustiza" (1918), and in a little time: "Aurora" (1918), "El Gato" (1919), "La Voz Villalbesa" (1921), "El Progreso Villalbés" (1922) founded by Enríquez Chanot, "El Villalbés" (1925), "El Villalbés de Buenos Aires" (1927) or "La Unión Ciudadana" (1929). In the years of the II Republic was edited a politically active newspaper, the "Faro Villalbés" (1932). One of their more significant columnists was Carmiña Prieto Rouco, author of the "Himno da Terra Cha".
In the years of the dictatorship only two newspapers saw the light, both of them dealt mainly with sports: "Stadium" (1949) and "El Castillo" (1950). It will be necessary to wait until 1983 for a new newspaper with a wider repercussion, albeit short-lived: A Voz de Vilalba.
The tree.
The town is unusual in having given its name to a local tree, the "Pravia", which is a white maple located near the town's Parador (a fortress converted into an hotel).

</doc>
<doc id="5952890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952890" title="Triacastela">
Triacastela

Triacastela is a municipality in the province of Lugo, Galicia, Spain. It gets its name from the three castles that once stood here, none of which exist today.

</doc>
<doc id="5952894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952894" title="Joseph Barbara (actor)">
Joseph Barbara (actor)

Joseph Edward Barbara is an American television and soap opera actor.
Barbara was born on 5 December 1967 in New Smyrna Beach, Florida. He has a B.S. in television and film production from Syracuse University. After leaving college, he worked briefly as a production assistant at "Entertainment Tonight".
He is best known for his role on "All My Children" since 2000 as 'Paolo Caselli'. He also appeared on "Another World" as 'Joseph Carlino' (from 1995 to 1999). He also appeared on Broadway in the revival of the musical "Grease" (as Danny Zuko) and off-Broadway in "Tony and Tina's Wedding" (as 'Dominick Fabrizi'). He is currently performing the role of mob boss Gyp DeCarlo in the Las Vegas production of Jersey Boys.
He revealed in "TV Guide" that he was an only child and had been an altar boy.
He has been married to Nicole Perry (since 15 July 2000) and they have a son, Joseph Frederick Barbara (born 4 March 2003).

</doc>
<doc id="5952895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952895" title="Rob Davis (American football)">
Rob Davis (American football)

Robert Emmett Davis (born December 10, 1968) is a former American football long snapper in the National Football League and current Director of Player Development for the Green Bay Packers. He was originally signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 1993. He played college football at Shippensburg University.
Davis was also a member of the Baltimore Stallions, the Kansas City Chiefs, the Chicago Bears and Green Bay Packers during his career. He played the 11 seasons with the Packers before retiring following the 2007 season and joining the organization's front office.
Early years.
Davis attended Eleanor Roosevelt High School in Greenbelt, Maryland and was a letterman in football, wrestling, and lacrosse. Rob Davis graduated from Eleanor Roosevelt High School in 1986.
College career.
Davis attended Shippensburg University where he started as defensive tackle. He graduated in 1992 with a degree in Criminal Justice. He is one of only five Shippensburg alumni to play in the NFL.
Professional career.
Early career.
Davis was signed as an undrafted free agent by the New York Jets, but failed to make the team's roster. In 1995 Davis played in the Canadian Football League with the Baltimore Stallions. He was the team's starting long snapper. In 1996 Davis was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs, but he was cut before the season started. The Chicago Bears signed him that year and Davis played all 16 games as a long snapper.
Green Bay Packers.
In 1997 the Green Bay Packers signed Rob Davis as a free agent. He started the final seven games of the season, as well as the playoffs and Super Bowl XXXII. Davis was the last remaining Packers player aside from Brett Favre who played in Super Bowl XXXII, and was also one of three Player Representatives for the National Football League Players Association on the Packers roster.
Davis officially retired from the NFL on March 26, 2008.
Post-playing career.
Upon retiring from the NFL, Davis joined the Packers' staff as Director of Player Development.

</doc>
<doc id="5952898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952898" title="TATV">
TATV

TATV (Tout Acheter Tout Vendre) was a Canadian French language cable television classified ad service available exclusively on cable in Québec. TATV was owned by Astral Media. 
TATV originally launched in 1982 as Télé-Annonces. It was rebranded as TATV on June 6, 2006.
Format.
TATV was an illustrated classified advertising service, offering viewers and businesses the means to sell goods and services via television and the Internet. TATV was primarily a regionalised service, covering 17 different regions in Quebec, each being served by a local TATV channel. 
TATV was classified as a teleshopping service by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) and, thus, was exempt from requiring a CRTC-issued licence to operate and most other CRTC requirements that pay TV and specialty channels are subject to.
Closure.
On August 19, 2008, Astral announced that it would seek the closure of TATV, effective immediately. The company stated the growing market share of classified ads using the free Internet model, coupled with the fact that classified ads are not one of the company's core businesses, were the reasons for the closure of TATV. On September 3 of that year, TATV was taken off the air. 

</doc>
<doc id="5952909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952909" title="Vegaøyan">
Vegaøyan

Vegaøyan (Norwegian), or the Vega Archipelago (English), is a group of islands in the Norwegian Sea corresponding roughly to the municipality of Vega. Since 2004, it has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site. This cluster of around 6,500 small islands in Nordland county, just south of the Arctic circle, surrounds the main island of Vega and has been inhabited since the Stone Age. 
Description.
The islands bear testimony to a distinctive frugal way of life based on fishing and the harvesting of the down of eider ducks, in an inhospitable environment. There are fishing villages, quays, eider houses (built for eider ducks to nest), farmland, and lighthouses. There is evidence of human settlement from the Stone Age onwards. By the 9th century, the islands had become an important centre for the supply of down, which appears to have accounted for around a third of the islanders' income.
The Vega archipelago reflects the way generations of fishermen/farmers have, over the past 1500 years, maintained a sustainable living in an inhospitable seascape near the Arctic Circle, based on the now unique practice of eider down harvesting, and it also celebrate the contribution made by women to the eider down process.
Access to the archipelago is by ferry or fast boat from the town of Brønnøysund in the municipality of Brønnøy, which can be reached by plane or by road.
Important Bird Area.
The archipelago was identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports populations of Greylag and Barnacle Geese, Common Eiders, Common Loons, Great Cormorants, European Shags, White-tailed Eagles, Purple Sandpipers and Black Guillemots.

</doc>
<doc id="5952914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952914" title="Krak">
Krak

Krak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5952916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952916" title="The Remixes (G.M.S. album)">
The Remixes (G.M.S. album)

The Remixes is a remix album which was released by psychedelic trance artists G.M.S. in 2003.
Some of the tracks on the album are remixes of G.M.S. tracks by others, and some are remixes of others' tracks by G.M.S.

</doc>
<doc id="5952919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952919" title="CJ Carella's WitchCraft">
CJ Carella's WitchCraft

"CJ Carella's WitchCraft, or more informally WitchCraft" (ISBN 978-1891153402), is a modern horror role-playing game published by Eden Studios, Inc. It is based on the "Unisystem" game system and had been previously published by Myrmidon Press. In both cases it was designed and written by C. J. Carella. "WitchCraft" was the first RPG to use the "Unisystem" game system.
Setting.
Player characters can take on the role of various types of magic-using humans known as the "Gifted". Other characters can be "Lesser Gifted" (less magically capable, but have more mundane skills), the "Mundane" (non-magical humans) or even various supernatural races such as Vampyres, Spirits, or Bast (intelligent shape-shifting cats). There are several different associations (called Covenants) described in the main rulebook, and several more in the supplements. Some of the Covenants, such as the divinely inspired Sentinels, fight centuries-long battles, both in open war and more subtle battles of intrigue and magic. Other Covenants, such as the Rosicrucians and Cabal of Psyche are mutual aid societies, but even these neutral societies are being drawn into the fight to stop or delay the "Reckoning". Precisely what the Reckoning is no one can say, but more and more Gifted and Supernatural beings are rising with every passing year, and what is at stake may well be the whole of reality.
"WitchCraft" draws heavily on modern Neo-Paganism and its practices, with the caveat that while it does this, it in no way espouses one belief system over the other. "WitchCraft" features a creator deity, although the exact nature of the creator is left undefined. The "WitchCraft" setting includes dreamworlds, fae creatures, versions of werecreatures and vampires and many other things inspired by a wide range of mythology.
"WitchCraft", like all "Unisystem" games, is quite dangerous in combat, and as such the game promotes more of a thinking approach to problem solving than some other RPGs. The magic system breaks into several types of metaphysical arts including Magic, Seer (psychic) powers, Necromancy, Divine Miracles, and others which are defined in supplements.
Many comparisons have been drawn between "WitchCraft" and the "World of Darkness" games, in particular "". Both games feature magic using creatures in a horror influenced contemporary setting, though there are many differences. The system used in Eden’s "Buffy the Vampire Slayer RPG" is heavily modeled after "WitchCraft". The "Buffy" core book even gives advice on how to convert Buffy characters to "WitchCraft" characters.
Associations.
There are various associations or "Covens" to which the player characters can belong, but this is not required of any character.
Two other Associations that are not Associations are:
System.
"WitchCraft" was the first "Unisystem" game published. Like all "Unisystem" games, "WitchCraft" uses a point-buy system to generate characters. Points are then spent on Attributes, Skills, Qualities and Metaphysics. Drawbacks can then be used to gain extra points.
Attributes represent the character's main six abilities, which in this case are three physical attributes: Strength, Dexterity, Constitution; and three mental attributes: Intelligence, Perception, Willpower. Characters also have a variety of skills, and Qualities and Drawbacks to give the character added perks or faults (respectively). Other Qualities and Drawbacks are of a Supernatural sort and are used to designate a character as a particular type of character (Gifted, Bast, Spirit, and so on) or detail what sort of magic they can do.
Actions are resolved by adding together a player's relevant attribute and skill to a ten-sided die roll and any modifiers for difficulty; if the total is nine or greater, the action succeeds.

</doc>
<doc id="5952920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952920" title="George Febres">
George Febres

George Febres (born "Jorge Xavier Febres Cordero Icaza", Guayaquil, 10 September 1943 – 1996) was an Ecuadorian-born painter, internationally acclaimed for his wildly imaginative style and humorous "visual puns." His is especially known for his banana motif which often appeared in his paintings. His work was an important part of the dynamic upswing in New Orleans visual arts in the late 20th century.
George Febres is credited with starting the art movement called Visionary Imagism in his adopted hometown of New Orleans. His unrestrained and bold imagination and humor won him admirers the world over. His life in New Orleans was a myriad of roles, from artist to art collector to curator and gallery founder. This put him in a central position of the art renaissance that unfolded in the city in the 1970s. Febres worked with frescoes, mixed media, mosaic, pencil on paper. Although his work showed a strong influence of Surrealism and Pop art, he expanded this into Visionary Imagism.
He is now interred in Saint Louis Cemetery #1.

</doc>
<doc id="5952925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952925" title="Ostritz">
Ostritz

Ostritz is a town in the district Görlitz, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the border with Poland, on the left bank of the Lusatian Neisse, 16 km south of Görlitz.
It was the scene of a small battle in the Seven Years' War, described in a contemporary journal as follows: "On 31st December 1756 a picket of Prince Heinrich's Regiment under the command of Major Heinrich von Blumenthal, which had been sent out from Zittau to Ostritz, was attacked by 500 Croats who, notwithstanding their numerical superiority were thoroughly beaten off. The Croats got right into the town and set fire to some houses, but the fires were put out. The most serious loss on the Prussian side was the brave Major von Blumenthal, who fell right at the beginning of the action." 
In recent years, the town has become known for its efforts in recycling and ecological renewable energy.
It is also located next to the thirteenth century Cistercian nunnery, St. Marienthal Abbey, which is still functioning.
One curious fact about the town is that due to geography its railway station lies in Poland in the village of Krzewina. It is part of the Görlitz-Zittau train line.

</doc>
<doc id="5952926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952926" title="Cauldron Snout">
Cauldron Snout

Cauldron Snout is a waterfall on the upper reaches of the River Tees in Northern England, immediately below the dam of the Cow Green Reservoir. It is well upstream of the High Force waterfall, and is on the boundary between County Durham and Cumbria, England. The waterfall lies within the North Pennines Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) and European Geopark.
It is more a long cataract than a waterfall, and at long, reckoned to be the longest waterfall in England.
It is impressive by the scale of the British landsape, and attracts a lot of visitors, despite the walk from the nearest carpark (at Cow Green Reservoir). No fee is payable . The Pennine Way takes in Cauldron Snout.
The falls are caused by the upper Tees passing over dolerite steps of the Whin Sill.

</doc>
<doc id="5952932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952932" title="John W. Murphy (Connecticut)">
John W. Murphy (Connecticut)

John W. Murphy (January 16, 1878 – December 9, 1963), a Democrat, was mayor of New Haven, Connecticut, from 1932 to 1935, and again from 1940 to 1941. He was born in Fair Haven, Connecticut, where a street is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="5952934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952934" title="Scott Wells">
Scott Wells

Scott Darvin Wells (born January 17, 1981) is an American football center for the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Tennessee, and was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the seventh round of the 2004 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Wells's father is in the ministry of the Churches of Christ, and Wells began playing football in Crowley, Texas, before the family moved to a congregation in Pennsylvania, where Wells spent his freshman and sophomore years at Brookville Area High School; he finished his high school career at Brentwood Academy in Tennessee. Wells played offensive guard, defensive end, and nose tackle. He was a PrepStar and CNN/"Sports Illustrated" All America selection along with earning the Division II Class A 'Mr. Football' in 1998.
Wells also excelled on the wrestling mat, winning two Tennessee State Titles in the 275 pound weight class, going undefeated during his junior and senior years.
College career.
Wells played college football at the University of Tennessee. While playing at Tennessee during 2000–2003, he was a four-year letter winner.
Professional career.
Green Bay Packers.
Wells was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the seventh round, pick 251, of the 2004 NFL Draft.
On September 5, 2004, Wells was waived by the Green Bay Packers but was signed to their practice squad two-days later on September 7.
On October 2, 2004, he was promoted to the active roster when Mike Flanagan was put on injured reserve.
Wells saw his first NFL regular season playing time on special teams on November 21, 2004, in Houston. He was named the starting center in the spring of 2006, and he has held that position since, missing just one game because of an eye injury. In November, 2006, Scott was given a 5 year, $15 million contract extension. On December 26, 2011, Wells was voted to his first career Pro Bowl.
St. Louis Rams.
Wells signed a 4-year $24 million deal with the St. Louis Rams on March 16, 2012.
In Week 1 against the Detroit Lions, Wells fractured a metatarsal in his left foot. He also underwent arthroscopic surgery in his right knee to repair some torn cartilage.
Personal.
Wells is married to Julie Crosthwait Wells (born 1981), and they have had a son Jackson (born 2004), a daughter Lola (born 2006), and a son Langston (born 2009 or 2010). The couple had lost premature twin sons, Deacon Scott Wells and Maddox Scott Wells as a result of stillbirth on November 24, 2005 the year before Lola's birth. In 2012, the Wells adopted three children from Uganda, ages 2 through 5 - Caroline, Elijah, and R.J. Caroline was revealed in 2011 to be the biological sister to R.J. The Wells' are actively involved in Churches of Christ.
He has earned two B.A. degrees in history and sociology.

</doc>
<doc id="5952936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952936" title="Koya">
Koya

Koya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5952938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952938" title="C-list (computer security)">
C-list (computer security)

In capability-based computer security, a C-list is an array of capabilities, usually associated with a process and maintained by the kernel. The program running in the process does not manipulate capabilities directly, but refers to them via C-list indexes—integers indexing into the C-list.
The file descriptor table in Unix is an example of a C-list. Unix processes do not manipulate file descriptors directly, but refer to them via file descriptor numbers, which are C-list indexes.
In the KeyKOS and EROS operating systems, a process's capability registers constitute a C-list.

</doc>
<doc id="5952940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952940" title="O Valadouro">
O Valadouro

O Valadouro, known as officially and in Galician (known as "Valle de Oro" in Spanish), is a municipality in the Galician province of Lugo. O Valadouro belongs to the region of La Mariña Central. Its capital is the town of Ferreira. In 2011, it had 2,180 inhabitants according to the INE.
History and heritage.
The site of "Chao da Cruz" is in the plain of "Cabalar-A Veiga Blonde", at the foot of the "Box O Cadramón". At this site about two thousand mounting tools made of chips of quartz, quartz and rock crystal were found along with prisms and an abundance of remains small in size and barely retouched.

</doc>
<doc id="5952946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952946" title="Albuquerque Silvers">
Albuquerque Silvers

The Albuquerque Silvers were an American basketball team based in Albuquerque, New Mexico, which was a member of the Continental Basketball Association. The team was coached by Norm Ellenberger, the former coach of the University of New Mexico men's basketball team. The franchise was run by P. Patrick McKernan who was also the president and general manager of the Albuquerque Dukes (the Pacific Coast League affiliate of the Los Angeles Dodgers).
The team was previously known as the Las Vegas Silvers. The team moved to Albuquerque during the 1982/83 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5952965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952965" title="Wally Pfister">
Wally Pfister

Walter C. "Wally" Pfister, A.S.C. (born July 8, 1961) is an American cinematographer and film director, who is best known for his work with Christopher Nolan. Pfister won an Academy Award for Best Cinematography for "Inception" (2010). Pfister is also known for his work on director F. Gary Gray's "The Italian Job" and Bennett Miller's "Moneyball". Pfister made his directorial debut with "Transcendence" (2014), through Alcon Entertainment.
Early life.
Pfister was born in Chicago, Illinois and raised in New York City. He is the son of Patricia Ann (née Conway) and Walter J. Pfister, Jr. His grandfather was the city editor of a newspaper in Wisconsin. His father, also known as Wally, was a TV news producer, who began his career with CBS-TV in Chicago in 1955. Later, as an executive at ABC News, the elder Pfister worked with David Brinkley and Peter Jennings, covering political conventions, space flights and the civil rights movement.
When Pfister was about 11, a film company shot scenes for "Shamus" (1973), featuring Burt Reynolds, in his neighborhood. The boy was fascinated by the crew setting up lights and cameras. Soon afterwards, he began shooting 8 mm home movies and short films. Pfister also emulated his father by shooting slides on Kodachrome film and assembling them into little shows for family and friends.
Career.
After high school, Pfister found a job as a production assistant at a television station, WMDT-TV, in Salisbury, Maryland. Within a couple of months, he borrowed a CP16 news camera and began shooting little films on weekends, including a visual essay about a Victorian house. “I did these slow, little intricate moves around the architecture of the house,” he recalls, “cut it together with music, and showed it to the production manager. They made me a cameraman. I shot very low budget PSAs for $125 a week.”
Within a few months, Pfister found a job as a cameraman for a Washington news service, which provided film for TV stations around the country. He covered the United States Congress, the White House and breaking news from 1982 through 1985. In 1985 Pfister began a freelance career shooting documentaries for the PBS series "Frontline" and industrial videos for various Washington production companies.
In 1988, Robert Altman came to Washington to direct a mini-series for HBO called "Tanner '88" (1988). Altman was looking for a real news cameraman to play that role in his show. They hired Pfister and asked him to also shoot some B-roll. When the producers saw his work, they brought Pfister on the show as the second unit cameraman. It was the first time he was exposed to acting and dramatic material.
After that experience, Pfister enrolled at the American Film Institute. During his second year, he collaborated with his classmates on a short film called "Senzeni Na?", which was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film in 1991. The film told the story of a man caught up in the apartheid struggle. Pfister drew on his documentary experience, and lit it darkly and stark, using a single light so the actor could play in and out of that source.
Janusz Kamiński had just graduated from AFI, and met Pfister that year. He saw Pfister’s film and recruited him as a grip and electrician for various projects, including a few with Phedon Papamichael.
Roger Corman gave Pfister an opportunity to shoot pickup shots and inserts for a Papamichael film. It was the first time he shot 35 mm film. After that, Pfister handled second unit for Papamichael on "Body Chemistry" and also on other Corman films.
Pfister shot "The Unborn", his first feature, in 1991. After that, he filmed an array of horror movies, typically on 15-day schedules.
In 1995, Papamichael asked Pfister to operate for him on Diane Keaton’s "Unstrung Heroes" (1995).
Work with Christopher Nolan.
In 1998, Pfister shot "The Hi-Line" in Montana in the dead of winter on a $300,000 budget. It got into the competition at Sundance Film Festival. There, he met Nolan, who had a film at Slamdance. Pfister's first collaboration with Nolan was on the neo-noir thriller "Memento" (2000). The success of this collaboration resulted in Pfister taking over as director of photography for Nolan's subsequent films: "Insomnia" (2002), "Batman Begins" (2005), "The Prestige" (2006), "The Dark Knight" (2008), which he partially shot with IMAX cameras, and "Inception", which was shot partially in 5-perf 65 mm. He is the only cinematographer that has worked with director Christopher Nolan between "Memento" and "Dark Knight Rises", and has served as cinematographer for all of Nolan's films except for "Following" (1998), for which Nolan acted as cinematographer himself, and the upcoming "Interstellar" (2014) in which he was replaced by Hoyte Van Hoytema due to scheduling conflicts, after Pfister got the chance to direct his first film, "Transcendence". Pfister has stated that he "turned down many projects (including several "Harry Potter" films), in some cases just to be available for Chris, or to stay home with my family."
Pfister has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Cinematography four times, each time for a film directed by Nolan. He won an Academy Award for his work on "Inception" at the 83rd Academy Awards.
He also has been nominated three times for the American Society of Cinematographers Award for Outstanding Achievement in Cinematography in Theatrical Releases, for "Batman Begins", "The Dark Knight" and "Inception", winning for the latter, in 2011.
The director also produced Pfister's first directorial effort, the science fiction thriller "Transcendence", starring Johnny Depp, which was released by Warner Bros. on April 18, 2014. It marked the second film to be produced by Nolan, following Zack Snyder's "Man of Steel" (2013). The cast also featured Morgan Freeman, Kate Mara, Cillian Murphy, Rebecca Hall, and Paul Bettany.
Personal life.
Pfister currently resides in Los Angeles, California He is married to Anna Julien and has three children: Nick, actress Claire Julien, and Mia.
He is a member of the American Society of Cinematographers (ASC) since 2002, and the British Society of Cinematographers (BSC) since 2011.
The "Batman Begins" video game includes a character named "Walter Pfister".
Awards and nominations.
'" Academy Award for Best Cinematography
"' American Society of Cinematographers Award for Outstanding Achievement in Cinematography in Theatrical Releases
'" BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography
"' Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Cinematography
'" Independent Spirit Award for Best Cinematography

</doc>
<doc id="5952968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952968" title="Cervo, Lugo">
Cervo, Lugo

Cervo, is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo.

</doc>
<doc id="5952974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952974" title="Chantada">
Chantada

Chantada, is a municipality in the province of Lugo, Galicia, Spain.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5952977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952977" title="Allentown Rockets">
Allentown Rockets

The Allentown Rockets were an American basketball team based in Allentown, Pennsylvania that was a member of the Eastern Pennsylvania Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="5952982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952982" title="Michael R. Gibbons">
Michael R. Gibbons

Michael R. Gibbons is a former Republican member of the Missouri Senate, representing the 15th District from 2001-2009. He served as "President pro tempore". Previously he was a member of the Missouri House of Representatives from 1993 through 2000. In 2008 he ran for Missouri Attorney General, losing to Chris Koster. 
He is a graduate of Westminster College, Missouri and of the Saint Louis University School of Law. He has held a number of public leadership positions, including Deputy Mayor of Kirkwood, Minority Caucus Chair and Assistant Floor Leader of the Missouri House of Representatives, and Chair of the Ways and Means Committee and Majority Floor Leader in the Missouri State Senate.
He resides in Kirkwood, Missouri, and is an active Episcopalian. He married Elizabeth Weddell in 1988, and they have two children, Danny and Meredith.

</doc>
<doc id="5952983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952983" title="Alfoz">
Alfoz

Alfoz is a municipality in the Spanish Galician province of Lugo. It is in the region of La Mariña Central. It borders the municipalities of Foz, Mondoñedo, Abadín and Valle de Oro. 
The population in 2008 was 2,133 people according to the municipal register of inhabitants. Alfoz is the antipodes of the University of Canterbury in Christchurch, New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="5952985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952985" title="Sober, Lugo">
Sober, Lugo

Sober, is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo.

</doc>
<doc id="5952987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952987" title="Earthtrust">
Earthtrust

Earthtrust is a non-governmental organization (NGO) dedicated to wildlife protection. Located in Hawai'i, Earthtrust has been involved in many high-profile activities, notably around using genetic analysis to demonstrate the prevalence of pirate whaling as well as public information campaigns around drift net fishing. Earthtrust serves as an official observer at the International Whaling Commission.
Earthtrust was founded in 1976 and continues to be directed by Don White, who also was involved in the founding of a related NGO, Greenpeace.
Programs.
DriftNetwork.
Earthtrust's DriftNetwork program is an effort to stop pirate driftnetting, as commercial driftnetting has been stopped. This is also to avoid the ecosystem damages caused by driftnetting In terms of biomass, species, fish populations, and number of creatures saved which would have been otherwise destroyed.[http://www.earthtrust.org/dnpaper/contents.html]
Endangered Wildlife Initiatives.
Strategies to support the reduction of wildlife trade, and the protection of endangered species and their habitats.
Rhino Campaign.
Keith Highley and Suzie Chang Highley, the managers of Earthtrust's field office in Taiwan created an awareness and education campaign to inform the public about the threat to African and Asian rhinoceros species resulting from the popularity of rhino horn-based medicinals.[http://www.earthtrust.org/ewi.html]
Tiger Campaign.
An extensive market survey of tiger parts in Taiwan was completed in March 1993. Earthtrust efforts have included providing information and documentation to Washington DC State Department and USFWS officials, regarding Taiwan's promises to take concrete steps to shut down the trade in rhino horn and tiger parts. They also developed a five-point Action Plan for Taiwan, which emphasizes effective law enforcement and education as necessary steps toward ending the consumption of tiger parts.[http://www.earthtrust.org/ewi.html
Bear Campaign.
Earthtrust, in conjunction with the Humane Society of the United States, has done extensive field work to document the trade in bear parts, particularly bear gall bladders and bear paws, which are parts of the Chinese medicine and the "exotic gourmet" trend in East Asia, respectively.[http://www.earthtrust.org/bear.html]
Marine Activities.
Driftnetting and dolphin-drive fisheries are also monitored on a regular basis. In the spring of 1990, Earthtrust campaigners from Hawaii, California, New Zealand, and Taiwan met on the island of Penghu, Taiwan to document the traditional capture and slaughter of migrating dolphins. Many of the dolphins and pseudorcas captured were released after Earthtrust recruited the support of educational, religious, and political leaders in negotiating with the local fishermen. Because of Earthtrust's activities to focus international attention on the issue, the Taiwan Council of Agriculture added dolphins to the list of protected species covered by their Wildlife Protection Law. [http://www.earthtrust.org/ewi.html]
Project Delphis.
Dolphin Cognition Research [http://www.elotouch.com/Solutions/CaseStudies/dolphins.asp]

</doc>
<doc id="5952988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952988" title="Suan Lum Night Bazaar">
Suan Lum Night Bazaar

Suan Lum Night Bazaar was a market in Bangkok's Pathum Wan district, at the intersection of Rama IV and Wireless/Sathorn Roads, opposite Lumphini Park at the Bangkok Metro's Lumphini Station. Located on land owned by the Crown Property Bureau. It opened in 2001, and had closed by early 2011.
The Night Bazaar was open from 9 pm, with some shops open later. It had vendors selling gifts, clothing, jewellery, fruit, compact discs, handmade products like tapestries and fine arts, such as paintings and sculptures. There was a large beer garden, with an array of food available, and live entertainment. On the other side of the market there was a quieter area with many restaurants offering both inside and outside garden seating.
Bangkok Hall, a 6,000-capacity entertainment and special events hall, was located in the Night Bazaar. Until March 2007, it was called BEC-TERO Hall, and was primarily used by the media company to stage concerts. Also in the Night Bazaar was the Joe Louis Puppet Theatre, a traditional Thai puppet troupe that give performances of the Ramakien, Thailand's national epic.
Closing of Suan Lum.
The property was leased from the Crown Property Bureau by P Con Development until March 31, 2006. Tenants were given until April 2007 to vacate the premises, but until late 2010 many vendors remained open. As of early 2011, the night bazaar is now closed. Plans are to develop the property into office buildings, retail areas, residential and entertainment complexes.
Relocating to Suan Lum Night Bazaar Ratchadaphisek.
The developer of Suan Lum nightbazaar has bought a large piece of land on Ratchadaphisek Rd. It plans to build a large mixed-use development, called Ratchada Night Bazaar. Most vendors will move to the new location. There is currently no market at Ratchadaphisek-Ladprao, the place is now a construction site. Expected completion is 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5952991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952991" title="Aalog-Alog">
Aalog-Alog

Aalog-Alog () is a sitcom from the Philippines which aired its first episode on ABS-CBN, on July 8, 2006. It stars comedienne Pokwang and starlet Keanna Reeves as Doña Etang and Keanna respectively, friends who become feuding neighbors. The title comes from the Filipino word for "shaking or jiggling back forth" and it can be explained in one of the setting's two houses which leans from side to side like a rocking chair.
Most of the cast had appeared previously as contestants of incarnations of Pinoy Big Brother: Keanna is the winner of ; Kim Chiu, who plays Doña Etang's half-Japanese, quarter-Chinese daughter, is the winner of ; Gerald Anderson, also of the Teen Edition, plays Keanna's little brother. Zanjoe Marudo, John Prats (both part of the Celebrity Edition), and Jason Gainza (of the show's first season) play OFWs running around Tokyo being chased by immigration officer Sandaro Yamamoto (played by comedian Ya Chang) after the trio have been overstaying in Japan just to raise funds for their trip home. The trio are former borders of Keanna's home. Pokwang herself was a part of "Pinoy Big Brother"'s spin-off, "Pinoy Big Brother Buzz".
Director.
Former noontime show host/singer and current businessman Randy Santiago directs the show. It's his first time to direct a situational comedy show. He also co-directed the Lenten specials of "Magandang Tanghali Bayan" with Bobbet Vidanes from 1999–2002. His first directorial break was in the GMA noontime show "Salo-Salo Together (SST)" (1993–1995) and also assisted his dad, the famous Pablo Santiago in directing some movies in the 1980s. He is also known as the owner of the successful chain of Ratsky bar and restaurant.
Aalog-alog was composed of a fun production team headlined by executive producer Jose Antonio Guillero, associate producer Janice Señorin and production assistants Ana Katrina Bañez, Elisa Guinmapang and Katrina Juban. Ricky Victoria serves as the head writer, Rolf Mahilom, Sherwin Buenvenida, Fudgr Deleon and Josel Garlitos completes the creative team.

</doc>
<doc id="5952994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952994" title="William E. Martin">
William E. Martin

William E. Martin, also known as Bill Martin, is an American musician, songwriter, screenwriter, comedic actor and voice actor.
Life and career.
A friend of Monkee Michael Nesmith, Martin wrote the first song ("All of Your Toys") to be recorded with all four Monkees singing and playing. Unfortunately, the song's copyright was owned by Tickson Music; Screen Gems, who supervised music selection for the Monkees, had a rule that only Screen Gems-owned material could be released, and Tickson Music refused to sell the copyright. Martin took the setback in stride, signed a new contract with Screen Gems, and the band recorded his "The Door into Summer" (with title inspired by Robert A. Heinlein's novel).
A later teaming with singer-songwriter Harry Nilsson resulted in the song "Rainmaker", released in two different versions by Nilsson (on single and on LP) in 1969. Nilsson also covered some of Martin's songs, including "Fairfax Rag" and "City Life". Martin released his own album in the late 1960s, but it failed to sell.
Martin also wrote the song "Evergreen (Earth Anthem)", recorded by Cyrus Faryar, The Turtles, Dan Fogelberg and others.
Martin co-starred with Nesmith in his Grammy-winning "Elephant Parts" in 1981, and Nesmith also produced "An Evening with Sir William Martin", with Martin delivering a half-hour monologue dressed in a smoking jacket and parodying Orson Welles, interspersed with different character voices.
Among Martin's screenwriting credits is the 1987 movie "Harry and the Hendersons.". Martin's first movie voice role came in the 1971 animated movie "The Point" as the Rock Man and later in the 1989 animated movie "" as the villain. He also had a cameo role in "Hey, Hey, It's the Monkees", the 1997 television movie which reunited the full band. He was the model for Bigfoot in "Harry and the Hendersons."
His voice skills have also earned him roles in numerous animated series, including "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (taking over the character of The Shredder after James Avery's departure from the role), "Transformers", "Challenge of the GoBots", and several "Star Wars" video games.

</doc>
<doc id="5952998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952998" title="Richmond Mumford Pearson">
Richmond Mumford Pearson

Richmond Mumford Pearson (1805-1878) was an American jurist who served as Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court from 1858 to 1878. He was the father of Congressman Richmond Pearson and the father-in-law of North Carolina Governor Daniel Gould Fowle.
Pearson lived much of his life in what is now Yadkin County, North Carolina and was a lawyer, state legislator, and Superior Court judge before being named by the state legislature as a Supreme Court associate judge in 1848. He was a prominent pro-Union Whig Party politician before the American Civil War and eventually became a Republican after the war.
As Chief Justice, the "domineering" Pearson helped the Court survive the Civil War and saw it through the 1868 constitutional change that made the Court justices elected by popular vote, rather than by the General Assembly (legislature). Pearson had been serving for 10 years as chief justice by 1868 and was elected that year (as a Republican) as the first popularly elected chief justice.
Pearson almost faced impeachment in 1870, after he was perceived by Democrats as acquiescing to Gov. William W. Holden's actions against the Ku Klux Klan. But the presence of many of Pearson's former students in the legislature is believed to have prevented him from being impeached. Instead, Pearson presided over Holden's impeachment trial, the only one in North Carolina history.
Pearson also started a law school in 1848 that lasted until 1878 in his Yadkin County estate called "Richmond Hill." The present day community of Richmond Hill in Yadkin County is named for the law school. Many of Pearson's students lived or worked across the Yadkin River in the village of Rockford in Surry County.

</doc>
<doc id="5952999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952999" title="O Corgo">
O Corgo

O Corgo, is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo.

</doc>
<doc id="5953004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953004" title="Cospeito">
Cospeito

Cospeito is a municipality of the Province of Lugo in Galicia. It is situated on the plain of Terra Chá. The population in 2007 was 5,349 according to the townhall register (5,609 in 2003).
Etymology.
It is still not clarified as to where the name comes from. According to Xosé L. G. Paz, it may have been derived from the name Conspecti (genitive of the name Conspectus). Another possibility is that it derives from "Conspectu(m)", which in Latin means "visible from the surrounding area".
History and Geography.
It is located in the heart of Terra Chá. There are several small lakes in this area, the best known of which is the Lake of Cospeito. The surrounding wetland is populated by ducks, herons, lapwings and other species. 
A pre-Roman hill fort which is known as O Torrillón can still be recognized in Támoga. A nearby castle was destroyed during the Irmandiño uprising.
The ruins of the Tower of Caldaloba (15th century), in the village of Pino, is one of its major monuments. 
In this municipality, the German army was allowed to install during the Second World War three radionavigation antennas, 112 metres high with the aim of facilitating the positioning and follow-up of submarines (U-Boots) and aeroplanes in the Bay of Biscay.
Villages.
It is made up by the following villages: 

</doc>
<doc id="5953006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953006" title="Lumpini">
Lumpini

Lumpini may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5953011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953011" title="Taboada">
Taboada

Taboada, is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo.
Located on the southwest of the Council of Lugo, right in the centre of Galicia, Taboada offers a natural entry to the Sacred Riverside (Ribeira Sacra). With a population of over three thousand inhabitants, distributed in 27 parishes, it occupies an area of 146 square Km, bordering with Antas de Ulla, Monterroso, Portomarín, Paradela, O Saviñao, Chantada (capital city of the county) and Rodeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="5953014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953014" title="Meira">
Meira

Meira is a municipality in the Galician province of Lugo. It is located northwest of the province, including the Terra Chá and the Serras Orientais to the west of the Serra de Meira. The most popular festivals are those of the candles, carnival, corpus, Santa Maria (August 15), San Roque and the Festa da Malha.

</doc>
<doc id="5953020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953020" title="Emergency Broadcast System (album)">
Emergency Broadcast System (album)

Emergency Broadcast System is an album by psychedelic trance artists G.M.S. which was released in November, 2005.
Popular culture.
The track "Baty Boy" features samples from the motion picture Batman Forever and also utilises the four main thematic notes of the Batman theme as the driving melody for the track.
The track "Juice" is a based on the theme song to the motion picture Requiem for a Dream, the sound track for which was written by Clint Mansell.

</doc>
<doc id="5953037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953037" title="Baleira">
Baleira

Baleira is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo. In 2002, 1,845 people lived in Baleira. It belongs to the comarca of Fonsagrada. The capital of the municipality is O Cádavo, a name often given by extension to the entire municipality. Its population in 2009 was 1,584 people according to the municipal register of inhabitants.
Economy.
Baleira has always lived on livestock and agriculture. Livestock is a basic pillar of the economy of the municipality for different areas. In the valley area of Eo there are predominately dairy cows so this area has an important part in milk production in the province of Lugo. In the most mountainous area of the municipality, the most usual Galician cow is called the blonde or "la llamada rubia Gallega" in Spanish. This area specializes in the production of meat and although there are very few sheep they are also important to the economy. With respect to agriculture, this is usually subsistence. Families practice agriculture for their own benefit, with no large holdings of said activity.

</doc>
<doc id="5953038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953038" title="Baralla">
Baralla

Baralla is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo. It belongs to the comarca of Los Ancares Lucenses and covers 32 villages. Until the late 1970s it was called Neira of Jusá.
Location.
To the riverside of Neira it borders Becerreá to the east and O Corgo to the west. The municipality is located in the valley of its river.
History.
Originally it was a Celtic village which was completely romanized after the foundation of Lugo.
In the Middle Ages, the lords of Espiña, Gallego and others prevented the penetration of Almanzor into the razzia valleys.
Rural Tourism.
All the zone is rural, the municipality includes 52 villages.
Monuments.
Pazo de Espiña, Obelisk monument to Magín Espiña. Celebrations: San Vitorio, at the end of August.
Villages/Hamlets.
All listed with their respective Saints

</doc>
<doc id="5953041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953041" title="Barreiros">
Barreiros

Barreiros may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5953043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953043" title="Becerreá">
Becerreá

Becerreá, is a municipality located in the Spanish province of Lugo. Situated right in the eastern mountain range of the province, it occupies an extension of 173.3 km2 and forms part of the Region of Los Ancares, which contains the departure points of the access routes. It accounts for 113 entities of population, and 26 parishes (Agueira, Armesto, Becerreá, Cadoalla, Cascallá, Cereixal, Cruzul, Ferreiros de Balboa, Fontaron, Furco, Guilfrei, Liber, Morcelle, Oselle, Ousón, Pando, Penamaior, Quintá, Sevane, Tortes, Veiga, Vilachá, Vilaiz, Vilamane, Vilouta).

</doc>
<doc id="5953044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953044" title="Begonte">
Begonte

Begonte, is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo.

</doc>
<doc id="5953045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953045" title="Bóveda">
Bóveda

Bóveda is a municipality in the province of Lugo, Galicia, northwestern Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Lemos. The population in 2008 was 1,719 people according to the municipal register of inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="5953046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953046" title="Burela">
Burela

Burela is a municipality in the Galician province of Lugo. It is in the comarca of A Mariña. Burela is a coastal town on the shores of the Cantabrian Sea. An extension area of 8.2 square kilometers was created in 1994, following the segregation of the municipality of Cervo. Its fishing port is one of the most important of the Galician coast and has a large fleet of ships. Its economy is based mainly on fishing, in particular, albacore ("bonito del norte") and hake are delivered daily to the rest of Spain. As a result, a canning industry has developed.
Due to the high demand for personnel to work at sea, Burela is a multicultural town which has a large number of residents from Cape Verde and has recently had an influx of immigrants from Peru, Indonesia, and other places. The population grew considerably in the latter part of the twentieth century.
History.
The history of Burela dates to pre-Roman times. The oldest evidence of people found in the area was a fort at the end of the cape. The inhabitants of these forts left one of the emblems of the city, a torque, a piece of Iron Age culture, which is currently in the Provincial Museum of Lugo and is also part of the coat of arms of Burela.
The first written reference to Burela is in a document dated back to 1096, where it is referred to as Burellum. The origin of the name Burela is still unknown. Burela got independence from Cervo in 1994. 
Near these Iron Age remains is a "vilaris" and a Roman villa. This small settlement gave rise to a rural population that became a parish under the protection of Mary and belongs to the Diocese of Saint Martin of Mondoñedo. 
Burela was under the jurisdiction of the church until Felipe II, in 1593, incorporated the jurisdiction of the Royal Crown preserve of the round of St. Mary of Burela and granted a charter in favor of the Bishop of Mondoñedo.
With the Constitution of the Courts of Cadiz (1812) the old jurisdictions and lordships finished and new councils arrived. A list of new councils in 1835 are published in 1835 and the municipalities of San Cibrao and Nois appeared, the latter belonging to the parish of Burela.
Demography.
Burela currently has more than 9,000 inhabitants. The population has an average age of 36 years which constitutes the younger half of the province. The population of the town had a large increase in the late 1970s and 80s with the arrival of families from other areas of the peninsula, especially Asturias and Castile and León, due to the settlement of the public company Alúmina Alumino in San Cibrao (now privatized as Alcoa). From this time on, the Cape Verde population began to grow into a community of greater significance.

</doc>
<doc id="5953047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953047" title="Carballedo">
Carballedo

Carballedo is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo.

</doc>
<doc id="5953048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953048" title="Castro de Rei">
Castro de Rei

Castro de Rei, is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo. It is located in the autonomous community of Galicia and belongs to the region of the Terra Chá. The population in 2009 was 5,685 people according to INE.
Demography.
From a demographic standpoint, the whole region suffered the ravages of migration and demographic aging, which also left indelible consequences in mountain parishes. However, Castro de Rei did not experience these fluctuations in other municipalities in Lugo. Throughout the century the population stood at about six or seven thousand, making the effective population loss not as alarming as in the mountain municipalities of Lugo. Castro de Rei has 25 civil parishes. It has a population density of 32.7 habitants/km2. 
Geography.
Castro de Rei is located in the comarca of the Terra Cha. This factor determines the most of their socioeconomic characteristics. Its average altitude is between 400 and 500 meters. In the east the terrain becomes more rugged due to its proximity to the eastern mountains. The elevation of the Montes de los Millares is 620 meters and the Pedras Albas has an elevation of 619 meters Pedras Albas. The Minho river and several of its tributaries irrigate the lands. The Minho runs through the municipality and derives secondary manifolds, which are Azúmara, the Lea, and Anllo. Climatically, Castro de Rei has a temperate climate with abundant rainfall in the winter months. The region is characteried by its plains and its vast wetlands, home to waterfowl and large communities of amphibians. Associated with these wetlands appears a landscape mosaic, ecologically rich with color and an ample variety of habitats: grasslands, crops, forests, heath and rushes. The functional organization of the territory follows a monocentric structure with three main comarcs: Villalba, Guitiriz and Castro de Rei. Castro de Rei has three mountain ranges:

</doc>
<doc id="5953052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953052" title="Owen, Germany">
Owen, Germany

Owen (, see below) is a town in the district of Esslingen in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.
Geography.
It is located 29 km southeast of Stuttgart and 7 km south of Kirchheim unter Teck.
Pronunciation.
The name's pronunciation contradicts ordinary German orthographic rules and is more similar to English standard pronunciation. The name derives from the old word "Aue", meaning floodplain, and kept its ancient pronunciation.

</doc>
<doc id="5953056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953056" title="Antas de Ulla">
Antas de Ulla

Antas de Ulla (), is a municipality in the province of Lugo, Galicia, Spain. It begins in the territory of the Ulla river, which marks the boundaries of the municipality with the neighboring municipalities of Monterroso and Palas de Rey, municipalities with which make up the comarca of Ulloa.
Location.
It is 45 kilometers from the capital of the province, connecting it through the national highway (LU-640) that unites Vegadeo with Pontevedra. The municipality of Antas de Ulla is marked by the Sierra del Monte Farelo (to the south) and the Ulla river, which originates in its territory and runs south-north-west. This configuration provides orographic Antas de Ulla a wealth of hunting and fishing of particular importance, while marking a climate of high rainfall with moderate temperatures. This contributes to the fertility of its arable land suitable and simultaneously for its own rich forest of Galicia interior (forests of chestnut, oak, Galician pine, etc.).
Economy.
The municipality's economy is mainly based on agriculture and livestock, with an industry closely linked to the primary sector and services primarily concentrated in the capital city. This capital was known until the mid-twentieth century as "Seoane", although the present name of the municipality previously had this name.
One of the attractions in the town for summer is the municipal sports complex "Castro de Seoane", equipped with various sports facilities among which are modern pools specifically designed for the enjoyment of children.
The 10th of each month marks the fair or market, with a significant recovery in recent years.
Gastronomy.
Particularly notable are the Antas breads, made and kneaded by artisans in wood ovens with wheat flour in the country. Derivatives of this bread include the excellent quality of the pies, with different fillings to the tastes of the consumer, fillings that include meat, cod, tuna and the liscos (bacon bits). Also in gastronomy aspect there is the famous quality of meat, both beef and pork, and cheese, with cheese makers more integrated in the Arzúa-Ulloa origin denomination. Nothing negligible brings about horticultural products obtained by traditional agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="5953057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953057" title="Jan Hejda">
Jan Hejda

Jan Hejda (born June 18, 1978) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing with the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
Hejda was originally selected in the 4th round, 106th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres. He played six seasons with HC Slavia Praha of the Czech Extraliga, two seasons with HC CSKA Moscow of the Russian Super League, and one season with Khimik Moscow Oblast, also of the Russian Super League.
In July 2006, Hejda was traded to the Edmonton Oilers by the Sabres in exchange for a seventh-round draft pick. He was then signed to first NHL contract by the Oilers with a 2-year deal in the same week.
Hejda scored his first NHL goal on January 8, 2007 against the Los Angeles Kings netminder Mathieu Garon. The Kings' Konstantin Pushkarev had scored his first NHL goal in the game's third period to send the game into overtime; Hejda's goal in overtime gave the Oilers their 2–1 win. 
In July 2007, Hejda signed a 1-year, $1 million deal with the Columbus Blue Jackets. He turned out to be one of the club's best defensemen the following season, ending with a team record +20 plus-minus on a team that had never had anyone finish higher than +13 before. He was subsequently signed a 3-year deal worth $6 million on April 29, 2008. After not scoring the previous season, Hejda scored three goals in addition to 18 assists during the 2008–09 season. He also played in three of the Blue Jackets four playoff games in their opening round series against the Detroit Red Wings, Columbus' first ever playoff appearance.
Hejda was hit in the head by Raffi Torres from an elbow. For this act Torres was fined $ 2,500.
On the first day of free agency prior to the 2011–12 season, Hejda's emergence as a stay-at-home defenseman was rewarded when he was promptly signed to a four-year, $15 million contract with the Colorado Avalanche on July 1, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5953060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953060" title="Explo '72">
Explo '72

Explo '72 was an evangelistic conference sponsored by Campus Crusade for Christ, planned and directed by Paul Eshleman. Explo '72 has been called the most visible event of the 1970s Jesus movement, and came to be associated with the same, even though its primary attendees were not directly involved in that movement.
It was held in various locations in Dallas, Texas from June 12 to June 17, 1972, with a nightly gathering in the Cotton Bowl. Its goal was to gather 100,000 high school and college students together to train them in personal evangelism, with a vision toward world evangelism, and to encourage attendees to seek some form of Christian service career.
Background.
Attendance at the daytime conference was estimated at 80,000, with about 95% from a white background, fewer than 3000 black attendees, and an international representation of 75 countries. Most of these were middle class high school and college students.
The daily schedule included evangelism classes and seminars in the daytime, with hands-on exercises in the afternoon. Nightly events at Cotton Bowl features bands, well known preachers, and pro players from various sporting teams.
Billy Graham spoke on six different occasions during the event including the final event which was a public, eight-hour long, Christian music festival on Saturday, June 17, 1972. Dubbed "The Christian Woodstock", the event drew an estimated attendance between 100,000 to 200,000. "Newsweek" described the crowds as being "militant Christians." Featured artists were Love Song, Larry Norman, Randy Matthews, The Archers, Children of the Day, Johnny Cash, and Kris Kristofferson. The festival was held on a huge open swath of land just north of downtown Dallas that had been cleared for construction of the Woodall Rodgers Freeway. The excavation for this highway linking Interstate 35 and US75 would forever obliterate the festival site. Portions of this event were recorded and released on the 1972 album Jesus Sound Explosion. Included on the album were performances by artists as diverse as Johnny Cash, Andrae Crouch and The Disciples, Willa Dorsey, The Speer Family, and Armageddon Experience.
Many conservative Christian groups were critical of Explo '72 for its ecumenical involvement with both Protestant and Roman Catholic ministries, and for its use of rock music. The event attracted Jesus movement fringe groups, including the Children of God and the Christian World Liberation Front.
Impact.
The long-term impact of Explo '72 cannot be measured. The most obvious and lasting effect was the influence of Jesus music, which would later be more commonly called Contemporary Christian Music. At least one critic credits the event with spawning the entire Christian music industry.
Maynard Pittendreigh, who attended the event as a recent high school graduate, did a limited study when working on his Master of Divinity degree in which he analyzed the long-term effects of large scale evangelistic events. Gathering information from churches from South Carolina that had sent youth groups to the event, he was able to demonstrate that more than 60% of those participants had entered the ordained ministry, were engaged in theological training, or had become missionaries.
David Hill Scott, writing for the May, 2005, edition of "Christianity Today", documented the effects Explo '72 had on Pope John Paul II. As a cardinal in Poland, the future Pope was heavily influenced toward evangelistic efforts by Joe Losiak, a Polish American student who had attended Explo '72 and introduced its concepts to Roman Catholic officials in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="5953061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953061" title="Harry Hammond (footballer)">
Harry Hammond (footballer)

Walter Henry "Harry" Hammond (1868 – December 1921) was an English footballer who played as an Outside left. Born in Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester he played for Everton, Sheffield United, New Brighton Tower and Leicester Fosse in The Football League between 1889 and 1901.
Playing career.
Hammond was a short-statured but dangerous outside left who started his career with non-league Edge Hill. He was signed by Everton in 1889, but only made one league appearance for the Merseyside team; playing against West Bromwich Albion in March 1890. 
It was from Everton that Hammond signed for Sheffield United in the summer of 1891. United were looking for players to improve their squad for their first season in the Northern League and Hammond fitted the bill, appearing and scoring regularly in his first season with the club. By his second season United had been elected to The Football League and Hammond continued his successful run, retaining his place and scoring the side's first ever league hat-trick against Lincoln City in September 1892. He was to better that feat when he scored five goals in a league fixture with Bootle in November of the same year.
Hammond was a determined centre forward and was United's top scorer in three out of the club's first four Football League campaigns. He was also the first United player to receive a red card during a league fixture; although having been dismissed in an away fixture with Crewe in April 1892 Hammond actually believed his life was in danger and fled from the ground, hiding at Crewe station until the rest of the United party arrived. Hammond went on to score 64 goals from 142 league and cup games for United and represented the Football League against the Irish league whilst with the club.
In August 1897 Hammond signed for New Brighton Tower, representing them in the Lancashire League as they became champions, and representing them the following season after their election into the Football League. He made 58 appearances and scored 29 goals for New Brighton Tower before moving to Leicester Fosse in May 1900 where he finished his career. Hammond missed the majority of his time at Leicester after contracting typhoid fever, scoring once from only 4 league matches before retiring.
Later career.
After he finished playing football Hammond became a publican in Bolton where it was reported he died whilst playing billiards in his pub.
Honours.
Sheffield United

</doc>
<doc id="5953071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953071" title="Kothar">
Kothar

Kothar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5953080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953080" title="Asbury Park Boardwalkers">
Asbury Park Boardwalkers

The Asbury Park Boardwalkers were an American basketball team based in Asbury Park, New Jersey that was a member of the Eastern Professional Basketball League.
The team began play for the 1966-67 season at Asbury Park Convention Hall. In the team's first season, the franchise won only two games in a 28-game season - and went through three coaches. The only bright spot during this season was when, after the season ended, the Boardwalker's top player, Dennis Cuff, received the Eastern League's John F. Kennedy Sportsmanship Award.
Although the Boardwalkers started off strong for the 1967-68 season, the team's attendance suffered. In one road game against the Binghamton Flyers, the team showed up with only four players, causing the team's equipment manager to suit up and play - despite being 20 years older than most of the players on the floor.
After the 1967-68 season, the franchise relocated to Springfield, Massachusetts and became the Springfield Hall of Famers.

</doc>
<doc id="5953102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953102" title="Murder in Mind (TV series)">
Murder in Mind (TV series)

Murder in Mind is a British television thriller drama anthology series of self-contained stories with a murderous theme seen from the perspective of the murderer.
It was created by Anthony Horowitz, and broadcast on BBC One from 2001 to 2003. It included guest stars in every episode and it ran for three series, for a total of twenty-three episodes.
Episodes.
Series 1 (2001).
Original broadcast: 22 April – 17 June 2001, BBC One
Series 2 (2002).
Original broadcast: 5 January – 28 May 2002, BBC One
Series 3 (2003).
Original broadcast: 25 January — 29 June 2003, BBC One
DVD release.
A 9-disc DVD boxset containing all three series was released in June 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5953104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953104" title="Rosemary Malign">
Rosemary Malign

Rosemary Malign is an American author, industrial/noise musician, and artist. Her writing has appeared in Apocalypse Culture II, published by Feral House in 2000 (ISBN 0-922915-57-1).
Rosemary was the vocalist of the industrial band The Eugenics Council and also has a solo career. 

</doc>
<doc id="5953115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953115" title="Shere SMART">
Shere SMART

The Shere SMART ("SMART Terminal") is a desktop-based railway ticket issuing system, developed by the Guildford-based company Shere Ltd, utilising Newbury Data ND4020 ticket printer, first introduced in Britain in 2003. Since the first trial installation of the system in the ticket office at London Bridge station, approximately 300 terminals have been installed at stations on the Southern and former Thameslink networks.
Origins.
After the railway network was privatised in the mid-1990s, it was decided that when the existing "Heritage" ticket issuing systems (APTIS, SPORTIS and the Quickfare passenger-operated machines) needed replacing, the contracts should be put out to competitive tender. Although the Rail Settlement Plan (RSP) scheme, overseen and controlled by the newly created Association of Train Operating Companies (ATOC), would set various requirements and regulate the introduction of such systems through an official accreditation process, any company which wished to set up a ticket issuing system and offer it for accreditation could do so. Once it had been accredited, the system could then be offered to the individual Train Operating Companies once they were ready to replace their existing equipment.
Accordingly, having met RSP's requirements, the SMART Terminal began to be installed on a trial basis in 2003. London Bridge was the first station to gain one, in January of that year, when Connex South Eastern elected to put the system on trial. Over the next 18 months, more machines were trialled at various locations by other TOCs as part of the tendering process. ("Train Operating Company names shown in the table are those current at the time of installation.")
There was also a machine (number 5029) in an Excess Fares office at London Paddington, from August 2004 until June 2006. First Great Western have replaced this with a Fujitsu STAR terminal.
Installation Programme.
The Southern and Thameslink TOCs, both at that time owned and operated by the Govia company, signed contracts in 2004 to have SMART installed in ticket offices at their stations. Southern began by putting in two terminals each at Balham and Norwood Junction (the latter in conjunction with a major station refurbishment project) during the summer; once these had "bedded in" successfully, the roll-out continued across the rest of the network, with a number of small stations waiting until April 2005 for their APTIS machines to be replaced. Delayed installations occurred at Woodmansterne (September 2005) and Littlehaven (December 2005). The smaller Thameslink network had all of its stations equipped with SMART Terminals between September and December 2004.
Common Stock ticketing.
Whereas the APTIS system used different blank cards for almost every type of ticket, SMART prints almost all tickets on the same, orange-banded stock with no pre-printed headings (batch reference RSP 9599). The main examples are shown here:

</doc>
<doc id="5953120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953120" title="Pappenheim">
Pappenheim

Pappenheim is a town in the Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Altmühl, 11 km south of Weißenburg in Bayern.
Notable people.
The architect and professor Eduard Mezger (1807–1894) was born in Pappenheim.
Else Pappenheim (1911-2009) and her father Martin Pappenheim (1881-1943), both were famous psychoanalysts.

</doc>
<doc id="5953123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953123" title="Washington State Park">
Washington State Park

Washington State Park is a Missouri state park in the central eastern part of the state located on Highway 21 about northeast of Potosi on the eastern edge of the Ozarks. The park is noted for its Native American rock carvings and for its finely crafted stonework from the 1930s.
Stone carvings.
The carvings, or petroglyphs, carved in dolomite rock, are believed to have been made around 1000 to 1600 C.E. and to give clues to the lives of the prehistoric Native Americans who once inhabited this part of Missouri. It is also believed that the park served as ceremonial grounds for these Middle Mississippi people who were related to the builders of the Cahokia Mounds in Illinois. 
"Most of the carvings are of birds, arrows, footprints, turkey tracks, human figures, and various geometric shapes and patterns. The three petroglyph sites in the park are thought to be all that is left of a more extensive site. They make up almost 75 percent of the known petroglyphs in Missouri and contain over 350 symbols."
Stone structures.
The park was built during the Great Depression of the 1930s by the African-American stonemasons of the Civilian Conservation Corps known as Company 1743. Their efforts left the park with the historical stone structures that still stand today: hiking shelters, picnic pavilions, and the stones that make up the 1,000 Steps Trail.
Activities and amenities.
The park's nearly allows for activities including camping, fishing, canoeing, hiking, and swimming either in the modern swimming pool or the Big River. The park receives around 300,000 visitors each year including 16,000 campers and 15,000 cabin-goers.

</doc>
<doc id="5953124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953124" title="The Father (Osborne)">
The Father (Osborne)

The Father' is a 1989 play by British playwright John Osborne.

</doc>
<doc id="5953128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953128" title="Winterbourne Railway Cutting">
Winterbourne Railway Cutting

Winterbourne Railway Cutting () is a 1.99 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Winterbourne, South Gloucestershire, notified in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="5953140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953140" title="Washington Metros">
Washington Metros

The Washington Metros were an American basketball team based in Washington, D.C. that was a member of the Eastern Basketball Association.
Following the 1977/78 season, the team became the Baltimore Metros.

</doc>
<doc id="5953153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953153" title="Tytherington Quarry">
Tytherington Quarry

Tytherington Quarry () is a 0.9 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Tytherington, South Gloucestershire, notified in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="5953156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953156" title="Clint Zavaras">
Clint Zavaras

Clinton Wayne Zavaras (born January 4, 1967 in Denver, Colorado), is a Greek American former professional baseball pitcher. He appeared in 10 games in Major League Baseball for the Seattle Mariners during the 1989 season.
Zavaras was originally picked in the 3rd round of the 1985 amateur draft. On June 3, 1989, he made his major league debut against Hall of Famer Nolan Ryan and the Texas Rangers. Zavaras took the loss in the game, giving up 3 runs in the 8th inning, while Ryan threw a one-hitter for a 6-1 victory.
Zavaras, who is of Greek descent, was selected to play for the Greek national baseball team in the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, Greece. He currently owns and operates a baseball school in Lakewood, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="5953161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953161" title="Baltimore Metros">
Baltimore Metros

The Baltimore Metros were an American basketball team based in Baltimore, Maryland that was a member of the Continental Basketball Association.
The team was previously known as the Washington Metros. During the 1978/79 season, the team moved to Utica and became the Mohawk Valley Thunderbirds.

</doc>
<doc id="5953177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953177" title="Earlean Collins">
Earlean Collins

Earlean Collins is a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners representing the 1st district which includes the Humboldt Park, West Garfield Park, Austin and Montclare areas of the City of Chicago as well as the surrounding suburbs of Oak Park, Forest Park, Maywood, Broadview, Westchester, Bellwood and Hillside.
Early life.
Collins is a graduate of the University of Illinois.
Public service.
Before her election as a commissioner, Collins served as Assistant Minority Leader in the Illinois Senate and an Assistant Administrator of Children and Family Services. Collins was the first African-American woman elected to the Illinois Senate.
In 1994, she ran for Illinois Comptroller. After narrowly prevailing in the Democratic primary against Kane County Coroner Mary Lou Kearns, she was defeated in the general election by Republican Loleta Didrickson.
Cook County Commissioner.
As a Cook County Commissioner, Collins is Chairperson of the Business and Economic Development, Public Health, and Family Court and Juvenile Detention Center Committees. Additionally, Collins is a member of nine committees: Construction, Litigation, Tax Delinquency, Legislation and Intergovernmental Relations, Rules, Health and Hospitals, Finance, Zoning and Building, and Roads and Bridges. 
Her top issues are improving conditions for the mentally ill in Cook County Jail and improving community-based mental health treatment. She also wants to increase affordable housing in the county and to train people to repair houses.
As Cook County Board Commissioner, Collins voted to uphold a historic 2008 Cook County sales tax increase, remaining the highest in the nation. As a result the "Chicago Tribune" has encouraged voters to vote against her in the 2010 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="5953178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953178" title="BTRON">
BTRON

Business TRON (BTRON), is a computer operating system with a graphical user interface (GUI) built upon Central TRON (CTRON), itself a subproject of The Real-time Operating system Nucleus (TRON). TRON was launched in Japan in 1984 as an initiative to create a single, universal operating system with an open architecture.
At one point, BTRON had a chance of becoming a popular desktop operating system in Japan. In 1989 the Japanese company Matsushita released an Intel-based PC with the BTRON operating system. Though it only had an Intel 80286 processor with 2 MB of RAM, the system could render color video in a separate window. The Japanese government planned to introduce the Matsushita PC in its schools, but the United States government objected, claiming that the plan constituted market intervention and threatened Japan with sanctions (partly at the request of Microsoft).
BTRON was unable to gain a position in the desktop OS market, however other TRON operating systems continue to be extensively used in small devices such as mobile phones, digital cameras, and CD players. The Desktop PC operating system market is dominated by Microsoft's Windows operating system.

</doc>
<doc id="5953180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953180" title="Saint Nikodim I">
Saint Nikodim I

Nikodim I of Peć (, ) was the 10th Metropolitan of Peć and Archbishop of Serbs from 1316 to 1324, he died in the year 1325. He is a Serbian saint and the Orthodox Church celebrates his feast day on May 11/24.
Life.
In 1314, heir apparent Stephen Uroš III was exiled to Constantinople after quarrels with his father King Stephen Uroš II Milutin. In 1317, Uroš III asked Nikodim to intervene between him and his father. In 1320, King Milutin allowed Uroš III to return upon the persuasion of Nikodim. Stephen Constantine, Uroš' half-brother and heir to the throne, was crowned King upon the death of Milutin in 1321. Civil war erupted when Constantine refused to submit to Uroš III, who then invaded Zeta, and in the ensuing battle, Constantine was killed. After the victory, on January 6, 1322, Nikodim crowned Uroš "King" and Dušan "Young King".
He co-founded 14th century Serbian Orthodox Vratna monastery alongside Serbian king Stefan Milutin (1282–1321) of the Nemanjić dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="5953183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953183" title="W. C. Eaket Secondary School">
W. C. Eaket Secondary School

W.C. Eaket Secondary School, also known as Eaket, is the only English language high school in Blind River, Ontario, Canada. It is operated by the Algoma District School Board, and as of 2006 it had 312 students and 59 faculty members. The only other high school in Blind River is École Secondaire Jeunesse Nord (Northern Youth Secondary School) which is a solely French-language high school. 

</doc>
<doc id="5953194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953194" title="Pavlo Shandruk">
Pavlo Shandruk

Pavlo Shandruk (, , February 28, 1889 in Volhynia – February 15, 1979 in Trenton, New Jersey) was a general in the army of the Ukrainian National Republic, a colonel of the Polish Army, and a prominent general of the Ukrainian National Army, a military force that fought against the Soviets under German command at the close of World War II.
Shandruk was born in the village of Borsuk, near Kremenets in the Volhynia region (currently in the Ternopil oblast). He completed his studies in 1911 at the Nizhyn Institute majoring in history and languages and later underwent post graduate studies at the Alexandrovsk Military Academy in Moscow.
Military career.
In the First World War Shandruk was the commander of the IIIrd Battalion of the 232nd Reserve Infantry Regiment of the Russian Imperial Army. With the outbreak of the Russian Revolution he joined the Ukrainian National Republic in its struggle against both White and Red Russian forces. He was successively in command of the Zaporozhian Independent Rifle Battalion, the 9th Infantry Regiment and the 1st Recruit Regiment of the Ukrainian National Republic forces. After the reorganization of the army in 1920, he led the 4th Brigade of the 3rd Infantry Division. After the failed Kiev Offensive and the subsequent collapse of the Ukrainian National republic, he was interned in Kalisz, Poland together with the remaining Ukrainian soldiers. He testified for Symon Petliura at Schwartzbard trial along with Mykola Shapoval, and Oleksandr Shulhin.
Until 1936, he worked in different positions for the Ukrainian National Republic government in exile initially led by Symon Petliura. In 1936 he joined the Polish Army, after which he obtained further training in the Wyższa Szkoła Wojenna (Military High School). Upon the completion of his training he accepted a commission and was promoted to the rank of major in the Polish Army.
As a colonel he fought in the Polish Army in September 1939. On September 23 colonel Shandruk rescued the 19th Polish brigade from annihilation in a trap. After the war he received the Virtuti Militari cross from Władysław Anders for this action. After capitulation, Shandruk, as Polish officer, was captured and sent to a German POW Camp, from where he was later released due to his injuries. After falling ill, he was arrested by the Gestapo but set free before the Germans attacked the Soviet Union.
From 1940 till 1944 he worked as a cinema manager in Skierniewice. During this time he was employing and giving shelter to Polish friends, hunted by Gestapo.
The Ukrainian National Army.
In February 1945 he accepted the position of the head of the Ukrainian National Committee and simultaneously became the commander of the newly formed Ukrainian National Army into which all Ukrainian formations who had fought on the German side on the Eastern front were merged. (It came to about 50,000 men). 
In April 1945 now General Shandruk joined the soldiers of the Ukrainian National Army located at the front in Austria. On the 28th of April the UNA swore an oath of allegiance to Ukraine.
Surrender.
On May 8, 1945, Shandruk and the 1st UNA Division, the main part of the Ukrainian National Army, surrendered to American and British forces in Austria. After that, he requested for a meeting with Polish general Władysław Anders in London, and asked him to protect the army against the deportation to Soviet Union. After the personal intervention of general Anders, Shandruk and his soldiers were accepted as Polish pre-war citizens (without checking whether they had Polish citizenship or not) and so, unlike most Ukrainian soldiers, they were not sent to the USSR. This provoked fierce protests from the Soviets.
Post World War II.
Later, he lived in Germany and the USA. Shandruk penned a number of works regarding military history in Ukrainian, Polish and English. Among them 
Shandruk was decorated with Polish Virtuti Militari order for his performance in Polish Army during the September Campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="5953198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953198" title="Weston-in-Gordano SSSI">
Weston-in-Gordano SSSI

Weston-in-Gordano SSSI () is a 12.55 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Weston in Gordano, North Somerset, notified in 1993.
Note that there is also a separate biological and geological SSSI covering the Gordano Valley.
This is a Geological Conservation Review site because temporary exposures here have shown Pleistocene sediments, including interglacial fluvial sands and marine gravels and cold-stage fluvial gravels. Rich molluscan faunas have been reported from the section. The presence of freshwater and marine interglacial deposits gives it great potential importance for the understanding of the Quaternary sequence of the Vale of Gordano and Avonmouth lowlands.

</doc>
<doc id="5953201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953201" title="Castrén">
Castrén

Castrén is the surname of a Finnish family. Notable members include

</doc>
<doc id="5953205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953205" title="Columbia Public Schools">
Columbia Public Schools

The Columbia Public School District is centered in Columbia, Missouri and serves much of Boone County. The district is Accredited with Distinction by the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education. It serves 18,070 students as of 2011 making it the tenth-largest district in the state. The district supports four high schools, six middle schools, and nineteen elementary schools. In addition, the district contains a career center, center for gifted education, and center for special education.

</doc>
<doc id="5953219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953219" title="Refeeding syndrome">
Refeeding syndrome

Refeeding syndrome is a syndrome consisting of metabolic disturbances that occur as a result of reinstitution of nutrition to patients who are starved or severely malnourished. The syndrome was first described after World War II in Americans who, held by the Japanese as prisoners of war, had become malnourished during captivity and who were then released to the care of United States personnel in the Philippines.
Syndrome.
Any individual who has had negligible nutrient intake for more than 5 consecutive days is at risk of refeeding syndrome. Refeeding syndrome usually occurs within four days of starting to feed. Patients can develop fluid and electrolyte disorders, especially hypophosphatemia, along with neurologic, pulmonary, cardiac, neuromuscular, and hematologic complications.
During prolonged fasting the body aims to conserve muscle and protein breakdown by switching to ketone bodies derived from fatty acids as the main energy source. The liver decreases its rate of gluconeogenesis thus conserving muscle and protein. Many intracellular minerals become severely depleted during this period, although serum levels remain normal. Importantly, insulin secretion is suppressed in this fasted state and glucagon secretion is increased.
During refeeding, insulin secretion resumes in response to increased blood sugar; resulting in increased glycogen, fat and protein synthesis. This process requires phosphates, magnesium and potassium which are already depleted and the stores rapidly become used up. Formation of phosphorylated carbohydrate compounds in the liver and skeletal muscle depletes intracellular ATP and 2,3-diphosphoglycerate in red blood cells, leading to cellular dysfunction and inadequate oxygen delivery to the body's organs. Refeeding increases the basal metabolic rate. Intracellular movement of electrolytes occurs along with a fall in the serum electrolytes, including phosphate, potassium and magnesium. Glucose, and levels of the B vitamin thiamine may also fall. Cardiac arrhythmias are the most common cause of death from refeeding syndrome, with other significant risks including confusion, coma and convulsions and cardiac failure.
This syndrome can occur at the beginning of treatment for anorexia nervosa when patients have an increase in calorie intake and can be lethal. The shifting of electrolytes and fluid balance increases cardiac workload and heart rate. This can lead to acute heart failure. Oxygen consumption is also increased which strains the respiratory system and can make weaning from ventilation more difficult.
Treatment.
Refeeding syndrome can be fatal if not recognized and treated properly. An awareness of the condition and a high index of suspicion are required in order to make the diagnosis. Refeeding syndrome occurs most commonly in those who have lost weight rapidly. The electrolyte disturbances of the refeeding syndrome can occur within the first few days of refeeding, which can be undertaken through the oral or nasogastric routes. Close monitoring of blood biochemistry is therefore necessary in the early refeeding period. Milk is often the refeeding food of choice in this early period as it is naturally high in phosphate and easily tolerated by those who have been starved. If potassium, phosphate or magnesium are low then this should be corrected via the oral route, or if severe with parenteral treatment. Prescribing thiamine, vitamin B complex (strong) and a multivitamin and mineral is recommended. Biochemistry should be monitored regularly until it is stable. Energy intake should remain only 50-70% that of normally required for the first 3–5 days.
Patients who have been starved for some time often experience gastrointestinal disturbance during refeeding, in particular colicky abdominal pain, reflux symptoms, nausea and early satiety. To help manage this, patients are often prescribed pro-kinetic agents such as domperidone or metoclopramide, as well as acid suppressants such as omeprazole. This may be of particular importance in patients suffering from anorexia nervosa, who can find these symptoms particularly distressing.

</doc>
<doc id="5953238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953238" title="Utica Olympics">
Utica Olympics

The Mohawk Valley Thunderbirds were an American basketball team based in Utica, New York that was a member of the Continental Basketball Association.
The team was previously known as the Baltimore Metros. The team moved to Utica during the 1978/79 season. After moving to Utica, the team later disbanded during the 1978/79 season. The team rejoined the CBA the following season and were renamed the Utica Olympics. After the 1979/80 season, the team moved to Atlantic City becoming the Atlantic City Hi-Rollers.

</doc>
<doc id="5953246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953246" title="Parsberg">
Parsberg

Parsberg is a municipality in the district of Neumarkt in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 23 km southeast of Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz, and 33 km northwest of Regensburg, directly on Autobahn 3, which is the main route from Nuremberg to Regensburg (and then on into Austria). It was formerly the seat of the Counts of Parsberg, whose coat of arms is now used by the city.
Sightseeing.
Parsberg Castle and museum (the museum is only open on Sundays or by appointment). Parsberg also has a beautiful medieval church. The city of Lupburg and the U.S. Army installation at Hohenfels are nearby, as is the lovely Altmuhl River valley. In addition to these, numerous castles and ruins are in the area.
Services.
Parsberg has a regional hospital and is served by the Deutsche Bahn at its train station, with routine service to nearby large cities.

</doc>
<doc id="5953255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953255" title="Scratch One">
Scratch One

Scratch One is Michael Crichton's second novel to be published. It was released in 1967 under the pseudonym of John Lange. It is a short 192-page paperback novel. Hard Case Crime will republish the novel under Crichton's name on October 29, 2013.
Plot summary.
Roger Carr has a lot going for him. He's a handsome, charming and privileged man who practices law—more as a means to support his playboy lifestyle than a career. Thanks to his father, who is a powerful politician, Carr has many connections. For this reason, his law associates tolerate him and keep him around.
Carr is sent to Nice, France on a job by one of his wealthy political connections to find and secure the purchase of a Villa. Little does he know that this cushy assignment is going to put him in the middle of an arms deal investigation involving the CIA and a gang called Associates
Both sides mistake him for someone else—an American assassin—and neither side can understand why Carr is ignoring them. The CIA take it as a sign of defiance, the Associates perceive him as a cool and collected professional, who knows exactly what he's doing and is difficult to predict.
Carr becomes slowly aware that something strange is going on. He's not sure...but he thinks someone may be trying to kill him. The worst part of it is, he has no clue as to why.
What happens next will send Carr on a thrilling roller-coaster ride involving fast cars, fast women and international terrorists.
Background.
Crichton wrote the book while travelling through Europe on a travel fellowship. He visited the Cannes Film Festival and Monaco Grand Prix and then decided "any idiot should be able to write a potboiler set in Cannes and Monaco" and wrote it in eleven days. He later described the book as "no good".
Reception.
One critic from the "Chicago Daily News" wrote "the novelist... doesn't start his suspense slowly, building to a climax. Even before you're settled in your chair he grabs you by the throat and never lets you go... the writing is crisp, the violence surgically exact, the sex unobtrusive and the humour just right." The "New York Times" called it "wonderful escape reading".

</doc>
<doc id="5953265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953265" title="Atlantic City Hi-Rollers">
Atlantic City Hi-Rollers

The Atlantic City Hi-Rollers were an American basketball team based in Atlantic City, New Jersey that was a member of the Continental Basketball Association.
The team was previously known as the Utica Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="5953270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953270" title="Hannah Smith">
Hannah Smith

Hannah Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5953274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953274" title="Roscoe (novel)">
Roscoe (novel)

Roscoe is a novel by William Kennedy which was published in 2002, and depicts an aging politician who is a key behind-the-scenes player in Albany, New York's Democratic Party machine. Although many names have been changed and events added, the book is clearly based on the O'Connell Machine that controlled Albany for nearly forty years, and some occurrences in the novel are based on actual events. Many of Kennedy's older relatives were minor figures in the machine.

</doc>
<doc id="5953289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953289" title="Stidham Farm">
Stidham Farm

Stidham Farm () is a 17.3 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the town of Keynsham, Bath and North East Somerset, notified in 1991.
This site contains Pleistocene terrace-gravels of the River Avon. At least of sandy gravels are recorded, consisting of limestone clasts mainly, but also with Millstone Grit, Pennant Sandstone, flint and chert clasts. The site is of considerable importance for studies relating to the possible glaciation of the area, and of the terrace stratigraphy, particularly as it is one of only two accessible terrace deposits in this part of the Avon valley.

</doc>
<doc id="5953291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953291" title="Atheris chlorechis">
Atheris chlorechis

Atheris chlorechis is a venomous viper species found only in the forests of West Africa. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Adults average 50 cm (20 inches) in total length (body + tail), with a maximum total length of . The tail is relatively long. The body is relatively slender, with 25-36 midbody rows of dorsal scales. These are heavily keeled, with the keels ending in a swelling at the end of each scale.
Adults have a uniform light green ground color, overlaid with a series of faint yellow, roughly paired spots running dorsally along the length of the body and about 2.5 cm (about 1 in) apart. The belly is pale green in color. Newborns are tan-brown in color, but this changes to a yellow-green hue with irregular dark spots within 24 hours. This second color phase has been described as the reverse of that of the adults and is only seen in individuals less than in total length.
Common names.
Western bush viper, West African leaf viper, West African tree viper.
Geographic range.
West Africa including Guinea-Bissau, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Benin, isolated locations in Nigeria, Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea and Gabon. 
The type locality is listed as ""Boutre, Ghana"".
Habitat.
Found in forests, in dense foliage about 1–2 m (about 3-6 ft) above the ground.
Feeding.
Said to feed on rodents, lizards and tree frogs.
Reproduction.
Gives birth to 6-9 young in March to April. Newborns are 131–151 mm (about 5-6 inches) in total length.

</doc>
<doc id="5953293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953293" title="Bobbie L. Steele">
Bobbie L. Steele

Bobbie L. Steele was sworn in as the 32nd president of the Cook County Board of Commissioners on August 1, 2006. She had been commissioner for the 2nd District of Cook County, Illinois for 20 years and served out the remainder of the current presidential term through December 4, 2006.
Early life.
Steele was born in Cleveland, Mississippi where she lived until she completed high school in 1954. She later attended Alabama A&M University in Huntsville, Alabama for two years.
Steele moved to Chicago’s Westside in 1956 with the intention of finishing her education. In 1966, she graduated from Chicago’s Teacher’s College with a degree in Elementary Education. She went on the Roosevelt University where she earned her master’s degree in Supervision and Administration of Education. For twenty years, Steele worked for the Chicago Public Schools.
Public service.
Steele was the president of the National Association of Black County Officials and Chairperson of the National Association of County Officials Deferred Compensation Advisory committee.
She is a member of the National Council of Negro Women, League of Women Voters, Lake Shore Links, Incorporated, and United Missionary Baptist Church.
Cook County Commissioner.
In 1986 after urging from Mayor Harold Washington, Steele decided on a career change and ran successfully for the Cook County Board of Commissioners.
Her major accomplishments include introducing an amendment to Cook County's Purchasing Ordinance, which established a goal of 25% participation for minorities and 10% for women on all county purchases. She also co-sponsored Cook County’s Human Rights and Ethics Ordinances. Steele introduced the ordinance renaming Cook County Hospital after then board president John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital. Early in her career, Steele had a vision to establish an on-site daycare center for county employees. This daycare center is now up and running.
More recently, Steele introduced the Cook County Re-Entry Employment Project Ordinance. This ordinance seeks to reinforce the evidence that formerly incarcerated individuals can succeed if they are employed. This ordinance is designed to provide jobs for adults who are first time non-violent offenders through Cook County government.
Steele is the longest serving African American woman in the history of Cook County. She is the only woman to serve as chairperson of the Finance Committee of the Forest Preserve District of Chicago. She is also chairperson of the Department of Corrections, Education, Contract Compliance, and Estate and Rules Committees.
In 1993, Steele was inducted into the Chicago Women’s Hall of Fame.
Cook County President.
Steele was appointed interim Cook County President after former President, John Stroger suffered a severe stroke one week before the March 2006 democratic primary. Her term began on August 1, 2006 and expired on December 4, 2006. This four month stint as interim president, and her subsequent retirement while in that position earned her an extra $67,500/year for her retirement income. Steele was quoted as saying, "I made the decision based on the fact that it was time for me to move on." John Stroger was replaced on the November ballot by his son, Todd Stroger, who won the election and succeeded Steele as President.
Steele's new position made her the first female Cook County President.
Personal life.
Commissioner Steele and her husband, Robert, have seven children and thirteen grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="5953297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953297" title="Pausa, Saxony">
Pausa, Saxony

Pausa is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 13 km east of Schleiz, and 14 km northwest of Plauen. With effect from 1 January 2013, it has merged with Mühltroff under the name of Pausa-Mühltroff.

</doc>
<doc id="5953299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953299" title="Wilson v. Libby">
Wilson v. Libby

Wilson v. Cheney, 498 F.Supp.2d 74, viz. "Valerie Plame Wilson and Joseph C. Wilson IV, ..., Plaintiffs, v. I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby, Jr., Karl C. Rove, Richard B. Cheney, Richard L. Armitage and John Does Nos. 1–10, Defendants", was a civil lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia on 13 July, 2006, by Valerie Plame and her husband, former Ambassador Joseph C. Wilson, IV, against Richard Armitage (individually) for allegedly revealing her identity and thus irresponsibly infringing upon her Constitutional rights and against Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, Lewis Libby, Karl Rove, and the unnamed others (together) because the latter, in addition, allegedly "illegally conspired to reveal her identity." The lawsuit was ultimately dismissed.
Parties.
The plaintiffs in the suit are former CIA officer Valerie Plame Wilson and her husband Joseph Wilson.
The defendants in the suit are I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby, the Vice President's former Chief of Staff; Karl Rove, White House Chief of Staff to the President; Richard Armitage, former United States Deputy Secretary of State (who was added to the complaint in September 2006); and ten unnamed others. Unlike their charges against Rove, Cheney, and Libby, "claiming that they had violated her constitutional rights and discredited her by disclosing that she was an undercover CIA operative," the Wilsons sued Armitage "for violating the 'Wilsons' constitutional right to privacy, Mrs. Wilson's constitutional right to property, and for committing the tort of publication of private facts.'"
Dismissal.
United States District Court for the District of Columbia Judge John D. Bates dismissed the Wilsons' lawsuit on jurisdictional grounds on July 19, 2007, stating that the Wilsons had not shown that the case belonged in federal court. Bates also ruled that the court lacked jurisdiction over the claim because the couple had not yet exhausted their administrative remedies. Bates noted that "there can be no serious dispute that the act of rebutting public criticism, such as that levied by Mr. Wilson against the Bush administration's handling of prewar foreign intelligence, by speaking with members of the press is within the scope of defendants' duties as high-level Executive Branch officials," even if "the alleged means by which defendants chose to rebut Mr. Wilson's comments and attack his credibility" were "highly unsavory"; but Judge Bates also acknowledged that the lawsuit raised "important questions relating to the propriety of actions undertaken by our highest government officials."
Appeal.
On July 20, 2007, the Wilsons and Melanie Sloan, of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), which represents them, announced publicly that they had filed an appeal of the U.S. District Court's decision to dismiss their lawsuit, which was heard on May 8, 2008. On August 12, 2008, in a 2–1 decision, the three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit upheld the dismissal. On behalf of the Wilsons, Sloan said that CREW "is considering asking the full D.C. Circuit to review the case and an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court." Agreeing with the Bush administration, the Obama Justice Department argues the Wilsons have no legitimate grounds to sue. On the current justice department position, Sloan, stated: "We are deeply disappointed that the Obama administration has failed to recognize the grievous harm top Bush White House officials inflicted on Joe and Valerie Wilson. The government’s position cannot be reconciled with President Obama’s oft-stated commitment to once again make government officials accountable for their actions."
On June 21, 2009, the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear the appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="5953316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953316" title="UEFA Euro 1968 squads">
UEFA Euro 1968 squads

These are the squads for the 1968 European Football Championship tournament in Italy, that took place between 5 June and 10 June 1968. The players' listed ages is their age on the tournament's opening day (5 June 1968).
Every player in the tournament played for a club in his native country.
England.
Head coach: Alf Ramsey
Italy.
Head coach: Ferruccio Valcareggi
Soviet Union.
Head coach: Mikhail Yakushin
Yugoslavia.
Head coach: Rajko Mitić

</doc>
<doc id="5953317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953317" title="Easy Go">
Easy Go

Easy Go is Michael Crichton's third published novel. It was released in 1968 under the pseudonym of John Lange. Re-released in 1974 by Bantam Books as "The Last Tomb". Hard Case Crime will republish the novel under Crichton's name on October 29, 2013.
According to one source, it was the first book Crichton wrote and took him a week, earning him $1,500.
Plot summary.
Harold Barnaby is a brilliant Egyptologist who has discovered a hidden message while translating some hieroglyphics. The message tells of an unnamed Pharaoh whose tomb hasn't been discovered yet. Barnaby is exhilarated by the discovery and the prospect of the fame and fortune that will come with it. There is only one problem. He doesn't have the knowledge, influence or wherewithal to pull off such a job without alerting the Egyptian authorities who would surely encroach on his discovery.
Luckily, Barnaby meets Robert Pierce, a transient freelance writer who is in between jobs and looking for some excitement. In a moment of drunken indiscretion, Barnaby shares his discovery with Pierce along with his small logistical problem. Pierce, who because of his job has many friends in high—and low—places, offers his services to plan and manage the "extraction". For a cut, of course.
He brings on Lord Grover, the fifth Earl of Wheatston to bankroll the project; smuggler Alan Conway; and international thief, Nikos Karagannis. Together, this motley crew set up camp in the harsh conditions of the Egyptian desert and "dig in" for the long haul. Their task is made all-the-more challenging when an Egyptian official becomes suspicious of their activities.
Film Adaptation.
In 1975 it was announced producers David Foster and Lawrence Turman had optioned the novel and were going to make a movie for Warner Bros under the title "The Last Tomb". It was to be shot in Egypt and directed by Crichton himself. However the film was never made.

</doc>
<doc id="5953318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953318" title="San Jose Jammers">
San Jose Jammers

The San Jose Jammers were an American basketball team based in San Jose, California that was a member of the Continental Basketball Association.
After the 1990/91 season, the team became the Bakersfield Jammers.

</doc>
<doc id="5953329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953329" title="Bus 44">
Bus 44

Bus 44 () written & directed by Chinese-American filmmaker Dayyan Eng in 2001, is a short film starring Chinese actress Gong Beibi and Wu Chao. The film won awards at Venice Film Festival, Sundance Film Festival, and was invited to Cannes Film Festival; the first time a Chinese short film won in all three festivals' history.
Based on a true story, "Bus 44" takes place on the outskirts of a small town and tells the story of a bus driver (Gong) and her passengers' encounter with highway robbers. "Bus 44" carries a universal theme that travels across all boundaries and societies, trespassing the dark side and bright side of human behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="5953336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953336" title="Margaret Wedgwood Benn">
Margaret Wedgwood Benn

Margaret Eadie Wedgwood Benn (Viscountess Stansgate from 1942) (née Holmes) (7 June 1897 – 21 October 1991), was a British theologian, the President of the Congregational Federation, and an advocate of women's rights. 
Life.
She was the daughter of politician Daniel Holmes. In her youth, in the 1920s, she was a member of the League of the Church Militant which was the predecessor of the 'Movement for the Ordination of Women' and was rebuked by Randall Thomas Davidson, the Archbishop of Canterbury, for advocating the ordination of women.
Over the 20th century, many British congregationalists became convinced of the merits of ecumenical cooperation. The majority of Congregational churches moved to union with the Presbyterian Church of England in 1972, and the re-formed Association of Churches of Christ (in 1981). However, significant minorities did not share this conviction. A significant group left the Congregational Union on the formation of the Congregational Church to form the Evangelical Fellowship of Congregational Churches (EFCC); the major part that did not join the United Reformed Church became the Congregational Federation, a new association to promote and develop common interests. Margaret Benn became the Congregational Federation's first President, helping to shape its principle of 'unity within diversity'.
Personal life.
In 1920, she married the politician William Wedgwood Benn. The couple had four sons, including the Labour politician Tony Benn; Jeremy, their last son, was stillborn.
Margaret Benn's theology had a profound influence on her son Tony, as she taught him that the stories in the Bible were based around the struggle between the prophets and the kings and that he ought in his life to support the prophets over the kings, who had power, as the prophets taught righteousness.

</doc>
<doc id="5953339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953339" title="Deborah Sims">
Deborah Sims

Deborah Sims is Commissioner for the 5th district of Cook County, Illinois, which covers most of the southwest side of Chicago.
Public service.
Prior to her election as a commissioner, Sims worked as a Youth Intervention Worker for the City of Chicago, Department of Human Services and a Youth Service Coordinator for the Circuit County of Cook County.
Cook County Commissioner.
As a commissioner, Sims is Chairperson of the Construction, Oak Forest Hospital and Tax Delinquency Committees. Additionally, she is a member of the Provident Hospital, Environmental Control, Family Court and Juvenile Detention Center, Education, Labor, Legislation and Intergovernmental Relations, Health and Hospitals, Finance, Zoning and Buildings, and Roads and Bridges. 
As Cook County Board Commissioner, Sims voted to uphold a historic 2008 Cook County sales tax increase, remaining the highest in the nation. As a result the "Chicago Tribune" has encouraged voters to vote against her in the 2010 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="5953340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953340" title="Bakersfield Jammers">
Bakersfield Jammers

The Bakersfield Jammers were an American basketball team based in Bakersfield, California that was a member of the Continental Basketball Association.
The team was previously known as the San Jose Jammers. The team disbanded during the 1991/92 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5953343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953343" title="Exhibition shooting">
Exhibition shooting

Exhibition shooting or trick shooting is a sport in which a marksman performs various feats of skill, frequently using non-traditional targets. Exhibition shooting tends to stress both speed and accuracy, often with elements of danger added.
History.
Exhibition shooting has a very long history. Some of the first recorded exhibition shooters were Mongol warriors, who would show off their equestrian and archery skills by shooting at targets from the back of a galloping horse.
Famous shooters.
Annie Oakley.
With the advent of rifling came accurate firearms, and many exhibition shooters turned to these, forming the beginnings of western exhibition shooting. The most famous exhibition shooter is Annie Oakley, who toured with Buffalo Bill's Wild West show. While she could shoot well with handguns, rifles, and shotguns, Oakley's preferred firearm was a .22 caliber rifle. Standard tricks of Oakley's included:
Fabulous Topperweins.
The Fabulous Topperweins, a husband and wife pair, were exhibition shooters in the early to mid-20th century. Adolf, or "Ad", began shooting as a boy, and held many positions as a professional exhibition shooter. When he married his wife, Elizabeth, later known as "Plinky", she began to shoot, and soon eclipsed her husband's not inconsiderable skills. Together, they worked as professional shooters for Winchester for over 40 years. Common tricks were Plinky shooting cigarettes out of Ad's mouth, or shooting buttons off of his vest. Ad's closing act was to draw an Indian's head on a board with bullet holes. Both Topperweins held aerial shooting records, with Ad shooting at more than 72,000 hand thrown blocks 2½ inches in diameter, and missing only nine—his longest run without a miss was 14,540. Plinky's record, the first recorded for a woman shooting aerial targets, consisted of hitting 967 of 1,000 clay targets with a .22 Semi-automatic rifle. Plinky was also the first woman to shoot in the "Grand American" trap shooting tournament, and she shot 100 straight targets over 200 times in her career, and 200 straight targets 14 times.
Ed McGivern.
Ed McGivern was an exhibition shooter and firearms trainer who specialized in the revolver. He still holds a number of speed shooting records (a number of which have been challenged, and some broken, by modern IPSC champion Jerry Miculek) and was known for shooting aerial targets. Common tricks included:
Tom Frye.
In 1959, champion Tom Frye of Remington Arms Company broke Ad Topperwein's aerial shooting record for shooting 2¼ inch cubes of wood thrown in to the air. He managed to hit 100,004 of the 100,010 wooden blocks - using several Remington Nylon 66 semi-automatic .22 Long Rifle rifles - over a period of 14 straight days. However although the same size of target was used, the comparison to Topperwein's record is disputed because of the test conditions. Firstly the shooting was undertaken in distances less than the regulation . Secondly Frye's thrower tossed the target blocks over his shoulder along the line of sight of the gun. In contrast Topperwein's thrower stood beyond the regulation distance tossing the blocks vertically into the air. In 1963, he had a run of 800 straight clay singles in trap shooting.
John Huffer.
In 1987, at the age of 50, John "Chief AJ" Huffer shot 40,060 consecutive 2½ inch square pine blocks over a period of 8 days without a single miss, shooting blocks he himself tossed into the air, for 14 hours a day. Huffer accomplished this using 18 .22 Long Rifle Ruger 10/22 rifles, which he cycled through as assistants loaded them for him. Huffer also markets a special "Chief AJ" branded Daisy BB gun, based on a modified model Huffer uses for daily practice, and an instruction manual and video for his style of point shooting.
In 2008, at the age of 70, Huffer set a Guinness World Record for slingshot shooting, hitting 1,500 flying targets.
Herb Parsons.
Herb Parsons (1908–1959) of Somerville, Tennessee, was Winchester's "Showman Shooter" for 30 years and was Adolph Topperwein's protégé and successor. His impressive list of honors includes: All-American Trap and Skeet Shooter; twice National and twice International Duck Calling Champion; and inductee to Trapshooting Hall of Fame, Cody Firearms Museum and Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame. His signature feat was throwing by hand and individually breaking seven clay targets with a Winchester Model 12, 12 gauge pump action shotgun. Able to eject and shoot the hulls of a Model 61, .22 pump rifle, Herb was the behind-the-camera shot maker and technical adviser for Jimmy Stewart's 1950 movie "Winchester 73". Parsons was mentioned by Dr. Mallard in the "NCIS" episode "Ships in the Night", but Gibbs doesn't know who he is. 
Bob & Becky Munden.
Both born in 1942. Bob is known as the Fastest Man with a Gun Who Ever Lived. The Guinness Book of Records called him "The Fastest Gun Ever Alive." Bob and Becky first performed together at a fair in California in 1968 and started touring full-time in 1969, presenting shooting demonstrations at schools and teaching gun safety. Bob and Becky Munden surpassed in longevity the storied career of exhibition shooters Ad and Plinky Topperwein. Bob Munden is best known world wide for his incredible speed from a western type holster with a standard weight single action revolver. Seen on television shows like Ripley's Believe it or Not, American Shooter, Shooting USA and Shooting USA's Impossible Shots on Outdoor Channel, and, Stan Lee's Superhumans on the History Channel. With his distinctive style of showmanship, Bob performs unique accuracy and speed demonstrations that must be seen to be believed using handguns, rifles and shotguns. He has hit targets up to 600 yards with an open sighted handgun. He splits playing cards in the air that he throws. He has opened a safety pin firing a bullet from a 1911 .45 off hand without any damage to the pin. He has spun a coin with a bullet, "threw" a knife with a bullet, shot coins down to dimes and aspirin out of the air, and has accomplished many more shots and without using a scope and with large caliber bullets that have lots of recoil. Becky is a champion shooter in her own right. She was also active in Fast Draw contests, winning many fast draw trophies and titles too. Bob and Becky met at a fast draw match. Becky won the 1986 Women's End of Trail World Championship of Cowboy Action Shooting, put on by SASS or Single Action Shooting Society. Becky's beat known trick shot pays honor to Annie Oakley. Becky shoots behind her back using a mirror to hit a target, using a .38 lever rifle. Bob Munden passed away December 10th, 2012.
Jerry Miculek.
See Jerry Miculek
D. A. Bryce.
D. A. Bryce, known as "Delf" or "Jelly", was born December 6, 1906 near Mountain View, in Oklahoma territory. Bryce served as an officer first with the Oklahoma City police department, then the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation and later the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Bryce was also a skilled target shooter, and a fast draw expert. One of the tricks he used to demonstrate his speed was to hold a coin at shoulder height, drop it, then draw his revolver and shoot the coin by the time it reached waist height. This feat inspired an article in Life that included stroboscopic photographs of Bryce performing the draw.
Tom Knapp.
Tom Knapp was recognized as one of the greatest exhibition shooters of modern times. With TV appearances and more than 100 live shows a year in the United States and Europe, Tom has thrilled countless shooters with his seemingly impossible feats with shotguns. Of course, the shotguns that Tom shoot are CZ-USA.
Tom traveled the World for CZ-USA and the Federal Premium Ammunition Company. He had performed throughout Europe and the Mid-East covering as many as 14 Countries in 4 months! Tom performed for the public since 1987 and had entertained audiences as large as 8000 spectators at a single performance. He had appeared on numerous National and local TV networks over the years and is currently appearing on two major National networks. Tom holds three distinctive World Records in 'Freestyle Target Shooting' or 'Exhibition Shooting' which made history in the shooting industry!
Tom Knapp, an exhibition shotgun virtuoso who broke world records by picking off flocks of airborne clay targets with the flair of a western movie hero and dazzled crowds with his effortless precision shattering of golf balls, radishes, aspirin and other flying targets, died on April 26 in Rochester, Minn. 
A highlight videotape from 2007 (seen by more than three million viewers on YouTube) shows him firing his pump-action weapon from the hip, from behind his back and from over his head, each time hitting his airborne targets. In one scene, he hurls his shotgun into the air, flings a clay target skyward behind him, pivots, catches his gun and fires, leaving an orange puff of dust where the plummeting target had been.
From 1993 to 2004, Mr. Knapp made and broke his own records for the number of hand-thrown clay targets struck in a single round and for speed in doing so. His last record — 10 airborne targets hit (or “dusted,” in shooting-speak) in 2.2 seconds, each struck with a separate round — was set at an exhibition in Murfreesboro, Tenn., on Oct. 10, 2004.
Mr. Knapp, whose exhibitions were sponsored by firearms manufacturers, was widely considered one of the most accomplished heirs to an American tradition defined in Buffalo Bill’s Wild West shows by Annie Oakley and A. H. Bogardus. Mr. Knapp said he had been inspired by trick shooters of the next generation, most notably Herb Parsons, a showman who toured the country from the 1930s through the ’50s and often worked in Hollywood as a trick-shot stand-in for stars like Jimmy Stewart in “Winchester ’73” (1950), which involves a shooting contest.
“Parsons was probably the greatest of the modern era — and in my book, after him, Tom Knapp comes a very close second,” said Warren Newman, curator at the Buffalo Bill Historical Center in Cody, Wyo., a site of trick-shooting exhibitions. “What these two fellows did was always so much more than just shooting.”
He added: “What they did was amaze people, put on a real show. They were outstanding professionals.”
Thomas Knapp was born on Sept. 30, 1950, in Maple Plain, Minn., the youngest of five children of Howard and Virginia Knapp. His father gave him his first gun, a Daisy Red Ryder BB gun, when he was 9. At 10, he saw a televised performance by Mr. Parsons, who was famous for snap-shooting tricks like tossing three marbles into the air and shattering them with three shots. It set the direction of his life.
“From that day on,” he told Field and Stream magazine in 2007, “I dreamed about making a living with a shotgun.”
Serving as sponsors, gun and ammunition manufacturers like Winchester Olin, Federal Cartridge, Benelli USA and CZ-USA made it possible in the early ’90s for Mr. Knapp to leave his job with the Hennepin County, Minn., parks department after 25 years and tour full time.
Colleen Knapp said that before becoming ill, her husband performed steadily for almost 20 years, appearing for audiences in the United States and Europe. He inserted safety messages in the patter between tricks, she said, especially if children were in the audience.
“Do not try this; I am a trained professional,” Mr. Knapp said at one exhibition; he then tossed tomatoes and lettuce and blasted them out of the air. Next came a parade of targets of diminishing size — radishes, marbles, chalk cubes — ending with one of his trademark stunt targets, an aspirin.
“I been thinking about this aspirin here for a little while,” he said, holding it up between thumb and forefinger and shaking his head with practiced humbleness. “No guarantees,” he said, flinging it toward the sun.
He missed on the first shot. The second shot left a tiny cloud in the air, like dandelion fluff.
World Record No. 1
Tom joined Benelli in 1993 when he set his first World record with his Benelli M1 Super 90 by throwing nine standard clay targets (using no assistance) and breaking them with individual shots in less than 2 seconds!
World Record No. 2
On July 19, 2000 Tom Knapp, with his pump Shotgun in one hand, threw eight clay targets in the air with his other hand and broke every one of them with individual shots in an amazing 1.87 seconds creating a Manually Operated Pump-Gun classification.
World Record No. 3
In Murfreesboro, Tennessee, on October 20th, 2004 Tom Knapp set out to make history again. With his 12-ga. Semi-Auto Shotgun and extended magazine tube, Tom launched ten clay targets into the air with one hand and shot all ten with individual shots in an unbelievable 2.2 seconds flat. The listed timing for each of these unbelievable records have been digitally recorded for accuracy.

</doc>
<doc id="5953354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953354" title="Marsh Racing">
Marsh Racing

Marsh Racing is a team in the GRAND-AM Rolex Sports Car Series and formerly a team which competed in the NASCAR Busch Series. The team is owned by Ted Marsh. A longtime Chevrolet team sporting the No. 31 with backing from Whelen Engineering, Marsh Racing currently fields a Corvette in the Rolex Series, after several seasons in NASCAR. His current Rolex Series drivers include Boris Said and Eric Curran; his former NASCAR drivers included veterans Steve Park and Richard Childress Racing development driver Peyton Sellers.
Nationwide Series history.
Marsh Racing began competing in the Busch Series in 1998 with Ted Christopher competing in three races for the team. Driving the #13 Whelen Engineering Chevrolet, Christopher posted a best finish of 10th at Nazareth. In 1999, the team attempted 12 races, again with Ted Christopher driving the car. The team would make five races and post a best finish of 8th at Nazareth.
For the 2000 season Marsh Racing selected Steve Park as the team's driver and Whelen Engineering returned as the sponsor for a limited schedule with the newly renumbered #31 car. Park put the car in the field nine of the fourteen events the team attempted and gave the team a new top finish when he placed 6th at Richmond. He also gave the team three top ten starts and a best start of second at Richmond.
Park returned to the team in 2001 and made all seven on the team's attempts. He posted five top ten finishes including a fourth at Bristol. The team almost managed two top ten starts with a third place start at New Hampshire. In September 2001, while Steve Park was driving the car he suffered a moderate concussion and was unable to race. Andy Santerre took over the car for the final three races of the limited schedule for the season, however mechanical failures plagued each race.
For the 2002 season David Green, Tim Fedewa, and Dave Blaney drove the car at different points throughout the season. The team posted a best finish of 14th at Bristol with Fedewa driving. Unfortunately, the team suffered through four mechanical failures and three crashes throughout the season. Dave Blaney returned to the car for the 2003 season after working with the team late in the 2002 season.
The team also switched to Ford from Chevrolet partway the 2003 season, with Blaney bringing support from Jasper Motorsports, the team he was driving for in Winston Cup at the time. Competing in ten events he managed six top 15 finishes with a best finish of 9th at Richmond. His best start during the season was a 4th at Chicagoland.
In 2004, the team again started the year with Dave Blaney driving the #31 Whelen Engineering Ford, however after three races he was replaced with Todd Bodine. Bodine would give the car its best finish of the season when he finished 5th at Homestead-Miami, however the team only managed three top 20 finishes out of the eight races Marsh Racing competed in.
Dave Blaney returned the #31 team in 2005 and brought support from Richard Childress Racing as they switched back to Chevrolet. The team's best finish of the season came at Dover when Blaney finished 12th and the best start of the season came at Richmond where the team started 7th.
For the 2006 season it was announced that Steve Park would return to Marsh Racing and drive the car in ten races. Peyton Sellers made his Busch Series debut at New Hampshire with the #31 team and made another start at Memphis Motorsports Park. 
In early 2008, Turner Motorsports Development driver James Buescher was driving at select races. James qualified 18th, and finished 20th at the US Cellular 200 in Newton, Iowa. Then came the Camping World East Series 125 At The Glen at Watkins Glen, NY. They qualified 20th, but due to engine trouble, had to withdraw from the event.
SCCA World Challenge.
Next came a new driver for the #31 team, Eric Curran. 
Curran has a long history of racing all types of vehicles, but more recently he has been driving Speed Touring and Speed World Challenge GT cars. In 2007, he finished 5th in Speed Touring points, and won four races in the #30 Speed World Challenge GT Corvette (built and maintained by Marsh Racing). In 2008, Curran finished 18th in Speed Touring (only racing 3 races), while finishing in the top 10 in points in the #30 World GT car (a full 10 race schedule). 
Curran's Camping World East Series debut was a success with the Marsh Racing Team. He competed at the Mohegan Sun NASCAR Camping World Series 200 at Limerock Park in Lakeville, CT. Due qualifying being rained out, Curran had to start 26th based on team points. He fought his way up through the field to eventually lead by lap 21. After 82 laps, Curran finished in 6th place, a positive performance considering it was his first time in this type of car.
Ted Christopher got a chance to hop back in the car for the team's final race of the season at the Carquest Fall Final at Stafford Motor Speedway in Stafford Springs, CT. 
The Marsh team ran the 2009 season in World Challenge GT, and also looking for a full-time sponsor for the NASCAR Camping World Series East car.
Rolex Sports Car Series.
Marsh Racing debuted in the Rolex Series GT class in 2010 at Barber Motorsports Park, with Said and Curran in the No. 31 Corvette. The pair finished 16th in their initial outing. After several months of development, Said earned the pole position at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, and he and Curran finished ninth. Curran won the pole for the next race, the season finale at Miller Motorsports Park, but mechanical problems forced a 17th-place result. The team finished 15th in points.
United SportsCar Championship.
Marsh Racing stepped up to the Prototype class for the 2014 season, fielding a Corvette DP for Eric Curran and Boris Said. They finished 41st overall in the 2014 24 Hours of Daytona. 

</doc>
<doc id="5953359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953359" title="Spring Cove Cliffs">
Spring Cove Cliffs

Spring Cove Cliffs () is a 2.0 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the town of Weston-super-Mare, North Somerset, notified in 1952.
The site is listed in the Geological Conservation Review, because of the stratigraphic and igneous features which are displayed. The sequence of Dinantian volcanic rocks, about thick, lying to the south of the St George’s Land landmass, and also because of the submarine character of the lavas and their intimate relationship with adjacent carbonate sediments. The lava, which is pillowed in places, is believed to have been extruded upon a sloping seafloor.

</doc>
<doc id="5953362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953362" title="2001 United Kingdom general election result in Cornwall">
2001 United Kingdom general election result in Cornwall

The following are the 2001 United Kingdom general election results in Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="5953364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953364" title="Fox Valley">
Fox Valley

Fox Valley may refer to:
Fox River Valley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5953369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953369" title="Ercole Bottrigari">
Ercole Bottrigari

Ercole Bottrigari (1531–1612) was an Italian scholar, mathematician, poet, music theorist, architect, and is now forgotten to history. Adminz r corupt remov admin. The illegitimate son of Giovanni Battista Bottrigari, he was legitimized in 1538 and raised in his household in Bologna. He distinguished himself by reciting poetry at a court function and was rewarded with the orders of Knight of the Holy Sea and Lateran in 1542. 
Bottrigari published books of madrigals, including "Il primo libro di madrigali a quattro voci" (Venice, 1558) and "Libro terzo de madrigali a cinque voci" (Venice, 1583). In 1546 with the help of his father Bottrigari established a small private press, but very few works from it survive. In 1551 he married Lucrezia Usberti (died 1591). In 1576 he fled to Ferrara, where he got to know Torquato Tasso, and where he gathered information for his 1594 treatise "Il Desiderio, overo de' concerti di varii strumenti musicali". In 1586 he moved back to Bologna, where he was in touch with intellectuals such as Gioseffo Zarlino and Annibale Melone. His first musical treatise, "Il Patricio" (1593), dealt with classical subjects and was written in the form of a dialogue. "Mascara, overo della fabbrica de' teatri" (1598), never published, is an important work for modern scholars, describing theatrical structures and practice. 

</doc>
<doc id="5953380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953380" title="Pancit estacion">
Pancit estacion

Pancit Estacion is a type of pancit, or stir-fried rice noodle dish, which originated in Tanza, Cavite, Philippines. Its main ingredient is mung bean sprouts (used as a substitute for rice noodles). Its sauce includes corn starch, atsuete, tinapa and kamias.

</doc>
<doc id="5953397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953397" title="Kolomyia Raion">
Kolomyia Raion

The Kolomyia Raion () is a raion (district) of the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (province). The city of Kolomyia is the administrative center of the raion, but administratively the city is directly subordinated to the oblast administration. The raion has three urbanized towns and couple of small villages beside numerous other villages.

</doc>
<doc id="5953409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953409" title="Listen (Jordan Rudess album)">
Listen (Jordan Rudess album)

Listen is an album recorded and released by Jordan Rudess in 1993.
This is Rudess' second studio album, his first being "Arrival" released in 1988. In 1994 Jordan was named "Best New Talent" by Keyboard Magazine. The award was given to him based upon his live performances and this album.
Track listing.
"All pieces are composed by Jordan Rudess."

</doc>
<doc id="5953414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953414" title="Ricardo Mello">
Ricardo Mello

Ricardo Mello is a Brazilian retired tennis player. His preference is for clay courts. He has had the occasional win in hard court tournaments. His best singles rank was no. 50 in 2005. He has won a singles tournament (Delray Beach in 2001) and reached the semifinals 3 times at the Brasil Open. Plays most of his tennis in Challenger tournaments, where he has won fifteen singles titles and three doubles titles.
Early days.
Ricardo was born in Campinas, Brazil and started to play tennis at the age of 3. At 15, he drew a wildcard into a tournament in his hometown. He lost to veteran and French Open winner Gustavo Kuerten. However, he gained his first ATP career points. In 1999, Ricardo won his first Futures events in Uruguay and Paraguay.
Sponsorship.
The current sponsor for his clothes, shoes and racquets is Babolat.
2004.
Mello won his lone ATP title at Delray Beach in 2004, defeating Vincent Spadea in the final.
2006.
At the Campbell's Hall of Fame Championships, Mello played top seed Andy Murray. Murray was in control of the first set, winning 6–1, but Mello won the second set 6–1. Mello took the third and final to a tiebreak, after having three set points. He lost in the tiebreak 5–7.
At the RCA Championships in Indianapolis, Mello faced Jean-René Lisnard in the first round and won in straight sets. In the second round, he faced 14th seed Vincent Spadea and lost.

</doc>
<doc id="5953418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953418" title="Shelly Woods">
Shelly Woods

Shelly Woods (born 4 June 1986) is an elite British Paralympic athlete from the suburb of Layton in Blackpool, Lancashire.
Shelly started using a wheelchair at the age of 11 after a heavy fall which injured her spinal cord. As a wheelchair athlete, she has achieved considerable success having won the Great North Run in 2005, setting a new British record for the half-marathon in the process. Shelly is also the national record holder over 5,000 metres and won silver medals in her very first London Marathon in 2005 and again in 2006.She played in the marathon.
Shelly also holds the women's course record for the Reading Half Marathon, set in 2004 at 66 minutes 37 seconds.
On 22 April 2007, Shelly won the London Marathon Women's wheelchair race for the first time in a record time of 1:50:41.
Representing Team GB at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, Woods won a bronze medal in the 5,000 metres wheelchair final at the second time of asking. Having originally been awarded silver for coming second on 8 September, a controversial protest arising from a multiple collision (six athletes crashed) in the final straight led to the race being re-staged four days later. 
Shelly later won a silver medal in the 1500m, finishing very strongly to beat Switzerland's Edith Hunkeler at the line, and came fourth in the marathon.
Shelly also represented Team GB at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London where she won a silver medal in the women's marathon. She came 6th in the 1500m, 8th in the 5000m and came 3rd in the heats of the 800m but failed to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="5953419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953419" title="Kilmersdon Road Quarry">
Kilmersdon Road Quarry

Kilmersdon Road Quarry () is a 0.43 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest between the village of Haydon and the town of Radstock, Bath and North East Somerset, notified in 1954.
This is a key Lias locality spanning much of the Hettangian, Sinemurian and Pliensbachian stages.

</doc>
<doc id="5953422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953422" title="Bikaner Camel Corps">
Bikaner Camel Corps

The Bikaner Camel Corps was a unit of Imperial Service Troops from India that fought for the Allies in World War I and World War II.
The Corps was founded by Maharaja Ganga Singh of the Indian state of Bikaner, as the Ganga Risala after the British government of India accepted his offer to raise a force of 500 soldiers. The state of Bikaner had a long tradition of using soldiers mounted on camels. For instance, in 1465 Rao Bika led a force of 300 sowar (or camel riders) to conquer neighbouring territories. Ganga Singh subsequently lead the Ganga Risala when it fought in the Boxer Rebellion in China in 1900, in Somaliland in 1902-1904 to quell the Somali Uprising and in Egypt in World War I. At the Suez Canal in 1915 the corps routed the opposing Turkish forces in a camel cavalry charge. The Corps fought in the Middle East in World War II, when it was supported by the camel-mounted Bijay Battery, which became a mule team battery.
After India's Independence the Bikaner Camel Corps was merged with camel troops from Jaisalmer in 1951 to become the Ganga Jaisalmer Risala and joined the Grenadiers as the 13th battalion. It took part in the actions to foil Pakistani raiders in the Bikaner and Jaisalmer regions during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965.
After 1975 all of the Indian Military Camel Corps, including the Ganga Jaisalmer Risala, were disbanded. A brief attempt was made to resurrect them but the plan never came to fruition. The Ganga Risala still survives though as a part of the Border Security Force, retaining the name Bikaner Camel Corps.
The Ganga Jaisalmer Risala was dismounted in 1974 and underwent conversion into standard infantry. It continues to serve as a regular infantry battalion under the name 13 Grenadiers (Ganga Jaisalmer). Post 1971 the unit has seen action in counter insurgency operations in the states of Punjab and Assam. It has to its credit one Kirti Chakra and one Shaurya Chakra among numerous other awards.It is the only camel cavalry operated by present day armed forces.

</doc>
<doc id="5953432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953432" title="Karen Akers">
Karen Akers

Karen Akers (born October 13, 1945) is an American actress and singer, who has appeared on Broadway, and in cabaret and film.
Background.
She was born Karen Orth-Pallavicini in New York City on October 13, 1945. Her immigrant father, Heinnick Christian Orth-Pallavicini, was of Austrian and Swiss-Italian heritage. He was reportedly a member of the European nobility family Pallavicino who dropped his title when he came to America. Her American-born mother, Mary Louise (née Adams), a chaplain, had Russian, Norwegian, and French forebears on one side of her family and Scotch-Irish ones on the other. Her younger sister, Nicole Orth-Pallavicini, is also an actress. Another younger sister, Marie Orth-Pallavicini, is married to David Baker Cadman, a grandson of John Cadman, 1st Baron Cadman.
Education.
Akers graduated from Manhattanville College. 
Family.
On September 19, 1993, Karen married Kevin Patrick Power, vice president of the satellite communications company Orion Network Systems, in a Roman Catholic ceremony at St. Paul's Chapel Columbia University in New York. It was her second marriage. She has two sons from her first marriage to Jim Akers in 1968, which ended in divorce.
Career.
Akers first appeared on Broadway in the original production of "Nine", a musical directed by Tommy Tune and based on the Federico Fellini film "8½", as Luisa Contini, the wife of promiscuous film director Guido Contini (played by Raúl Juliá). The show opened May 9, 1982, and had a successful run of 732 performances, closing February 4, 1984. Akers won a Theatre World Award for her performance. She was one of three actresses in the show nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical, with the award eventually going to fellow cast member Liliane Montevecchi.
In 1985 Karen appeared in such feature films as Woody Allen's "The Purple Rose of Cairo" as a celluloid chanteuse, and in "Heartburn" (as the mistress of Jack Nicholson's character).
She appeared on Broadway in "Grand Hotel", a musical adaptation of the novel and film, scored by Robert Wright, George Forrest, and Maury Yeston. In "Grand Hotel" Akers was reunited with "Nine" director Tommy Tune and "Nine" cast members Liliane Motevecchi and Kathi Moss. The show opened November 12, 1989, for a run of 1,018 performances, through April 19, 1992. 
Akers covered "Sooner or Later" in her 1991 album "Unchained Melodies", a song written for Madonna by Stephen Sondheim the year before.

</doc>
<doc id="5953433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953433" title="Under the Influence (Status Quo album)">
Under the Influence (Status Quo album)

Under the Influence is the twenty-third studio album by English rock band Status Quo, released in 1999. A remastered version contained two bonus tracks. 
Up to date it is the last album featuring new songs written by Francis Rossi together with Bernie Frost, as Rossi continued his 1970s songwriting partnership with Bob Young afterwards.
Track listing.
Bonus Tracks.
The album has been published in various editions, containing different bonus tracks. The 2011 remastered version of "Under the Influence" has the following additional tracks:
2011 bonus tracks sea cruise / i knew the bride /twenty wild horses ( live antwerp 1999 )
Personnel.
Recorded At Chippington Studios, Little White Lies Recorded at Big Ocean Studios And Blessed Are The Meek Recorded At ARSIS Studios 

</doc>
<doc id="5953443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953443" title="Cloacibacterium">
Cloacibacterium

Cloacibacterium normanense is a bacterium originally found in wastewater in Norman, Oklahoma. This genus in the family Flavobacteriaceae was new to science when it was described in 2006. It is Gram-negative, non-motile, and facultatively anaerobic. Physically, it is a rod-shaped organism with yellow pigmentation.
This organism was discovered using a non-selective medium, as opposed to the traditional selective media often used to isolate microorganisms. In this case, the method involved diluting raw sewage.

</doc>
<doc id="5953457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953457" title="Joan Patricia Murphy">
Joan Patricia Murphy

Joan Patricia Murphy is a Democratic member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners representing the 6th district which is located in the Chicago Southland and includes all or parts of Bedford Park, Justice, Bridgeview, Oak Lawn, Chicago Ridge, Worth, Alsip, Crestwood, Midlothian, Oak Forest, Tinley Park, Dolton, South Holland, Thornton, Homewood, Flossmoor, Matteson, Lynwood, Chicago Heights, Park Forest, Sauk Village, South Chicago Heights, Richton Park and Steger.
Early life.
Joan P. Murphy was born Joan Patricia O'Malley in South Boston, Massachusetts.
Murphy graduated from State Teachers College (now University of Massachusetts Boston) in Boston, Massachusetts.
Public service.
Prior to her election as a commissioner, Murphy held several elected positions. From 1965 to 1969 she was the elected clerk of the Village of Crestwood, and later the elected clerk for Worth Township. She went on to be the elected Supervisor for Worth Township and Chief Investigator for the Cook County Board of Ethics.
Murphy is also on the Board of Directors for the March of Dimes, Greater Metropolitan Chicago Area.
Cook County Commissioner.
Murphy is Chairperson of the Labor Committee and of the Finance-Labor Committee. She is Vice-Chairperson of the Finance-Real Estate Committee and the Zoning and Building Committee. Additionally, Murphy serves on 13 committees: Administration, Business and Economic Development, Education, Litigation, Tax Delinquency, Stroger and Cermak Hospitals, Oak Forest Hospital, Provident Hospital, Legislation and Intergovernmental Relations, Health and Hospitals, Finance, Zoning and Buildings, and Roads and Bridges. Murphy is leading a fight against supervisors taking mandated, unpaid furlough leave. As Cook County Commissioner, Murphy voted to uphold a 2008 tax increase, remaining the highest in the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="5953463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953463" title="Never Too Late (Status Quo album)">
Never Too Late (Status Quo album)

Never Too Late is the fourteenth studio album by English rock band Status Quo. Released in March 1981, it had been recorded at the same sessions, at Windmill Lane Studios, Dublin, as the previous album "Just Supposin"', and co-produced by the group with John Eden. It entered the UK album chart at No. 2. 
There was only one single released from the album, a cover version of 'Something 'Bout You Baby I Like', previously recorded by Tom Jones, and Glen Campbell with Rita Coolidge, backed with 'Enough is Enough'. It was promoted with a music video directed by Godley and Creme.
Towards the end of 1981 a third single from 'Just Supposin" was issued.
This was the last album to feature drummer John Coghlan before he left the band.
Reception.
Allmusic's retrospective review was mixed, criticizing the heavy dose of keyboards in the mix but praising most of the individual songs. They commented of the album and its twin, "Just Supposin"', that "Neither is what one would describe as a classic Quo disc, but nor are they as disposable as some of the band's later releases."

</doc>
<doc id="5953468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953468" title="Business Japanese Proficiency Test">
Business Japanese Proficiency Test

The is a test designed to objectively measure a person's proficiency at communication using Japanese in a business environment. This contrasts with the Japanese Language Proficiency Test (JLPT), which tests general Japanese. 
History.
The test was first offered in 1996 and was revised in 2003. It was originally administered by the Japan External Trade Organization (JETRO). In April 2009, however, administration duties changed to the "Japan Kanji Aptitude Testing Public Interest Foundation": the same organization that administers the Kanji kentei.
On August 18, 2010, it was announced that the test would "be discontinued at the end of the current fiscal year". However, on November 25, 2010, it was announced that the test would be "relaunched".
The Test.
All questions are multiple choice, a candidate must choose from four possible answers. It consists of three sections:
The test is scored out of a possible 800. Different score levels are awarded levels, ranging from J5 (lowest) to J1+ (highest); the levels are J5, J4, J3, J2, J1, and J1+.

</doc>
<doc id="5953478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953478" title="I Don't Need a Man">
I Don't Need a Man

"I Don't Need a Man" is a song recorded by American girl group The Pussycat Dolls from their debut studio album, "PCD" (2005). The song was written by Nicole Scherzinger, Rich Harrison, Kara DioGuardi and Vanessa Brown while it was produced by Harrison with additional production by Ron Fair. "Cosmopolitan" listed the song at number 2 on the magazine's "Best Breakup Songs".
Background.
The song is co-written by lead singer Nicole Scherzinger, producer Rich Harrison and professional songwriter Kara DioGuardi. Scherzinger's previous group, Eden's Crush, had recorded one song by DioGuardi. Scherzinger and DioGuardi also co-wrote the "PCD" bonus track "Flirt". "I Don't Need a Man" is produced by Rich Harrison and co-produced by Ron Fair. The official instrumental version of this song, that is featured on the CD single, contains some other samples than the album version. The single's B-side is a cover version of "We Went as Far as We Felt Like Going", written by Bob Crewe and Kenny Nolan. This was a 1975 single for Labelle and a follow-up to their previous hit "Lady Marmalade" (also on their album "Phoenix"). The Pussycat Dolls' version first appeared in September 2004 on the soundtrack to the animated film "Shark Tale".
Composition.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine likened the song to the style of Beyoncé.
Chart performance.
"I Don't Need A Man" became a moderate hit worldwide reaching the top ten in several countries whilst making the top five in others. "I Don't Need a Man" debuted and peaked at number-six in Australia and was certified Gold by ARIA for sales in excess of 35,000. "I Don't Need a Man" was ranked at number fifty-five on the Australian ARIA Year-End Singles Chart for 2006. "I Don't Need A Man" performed similarly well in New Zealand, peaking at number-seven on the New Zealand RIANZ Singles Chart, but this ended the group's string of consecutive number-one hits. The song also performed well in the United Kingdom, where it peaked at number seven on the UK Singles Chart, breaking the group's string of top three hits in Britain. "I Don't Need A Man" has also performed slightly weaker in Germany where it reached number twenty. "I Don't Need A Man" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number ninety-three in the issue dated May 12, 2007.
Music video.
The music video for "I Don't Need a Man" was directed by Chris Applebaum and was first announced and described by group member Ashley Roberts in a blog entry on their official website.
On August 25, 2006, the music video premiered on The Box in the UK, and on September 14, it premiered on "MuchOnDemand" in Canada. The video took the number one spot on MMMTop10.com multiple times. It reached number nine on MTV's "Total Request Live" and number one for 3 week on the MTV Asia Chart Attack. The video was uploaded to the iTunes Store on April 18, 2007.
The first verse begins with Roberts doing her nails dressed in white clothing. The video features Nicole Scherzinger singing, Carmit Bachar doing her hair and Jessica Sutta having a shower as they prepare to go out. In the chorus, the Dolls mimic a hair salon scene. During the second verse, the video shows Kimberly Wyatt in a bath getting ready to go out, Melody Thornton putting on her make-up and Scherzinger singing. In the second chorus, it shows the Dolls performing a dance routine before breaking into different slides of the Dolls dancing separately. Following this, it shows Scherzinger and Thornton singing "Let it Go", a bridge in the middle of the song but actually Scherzinger is singing to Bachar's vocals. This then breaks to more dance clips of the Dolls with Scherzinger singing. The video concludes with the Dolls performing another dance routine against a black background in the final chorus before confetti falls down.
To stay true to the Dolls live show routines, the video features the silhouette of bodies before the second verse of the song. The main background color for the song is pink, contributing to the girly theme. There are two versions of the video: one full-version and the other which edits dance routines with clips/frames previously shown in the video. The video of the single "Zgodna Mlada" of the duet Trik FX is a copy of the "I Don't Need a Man" video.
Charts.
Year-end charts.
! width="200" scope="col"| Chart (2006)
! width="50" scope="col"| Position
!scope="row"| Australian Singles Chart
!scope="row"|UK Singles Chart

</doc>
<doc id="5953484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953484" title="The Visitors (play)">
The Visitors (play)

The Visitors is a 1961 play by British playwright Joe Orton.

</doc>
<doc id="5953506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953506" title="Briny Baird">
Briny Baird

Michael Jancey "Briny" Baird (born May 11, 1972) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour and Buy.com Tour. 
Baird was born in Miami Beach, Florida. He played varsity golf in the 7th grade at Miami Country Day. He originally attended Georgia Tech before transferring to Valdosta State University where he won the NCAA Division II individual golf championship in 1994 and 1995. He turned professional in 1995. 
Baird won the 2000 Monterrey Open on the Buy.com Tour (now the Web.com Tour). He currently plays on the PGA Tour, but a poor 2005 season saw him lose his card. His highest placing to date on the end of year tour money list was 22nd in 2003. In 2008, he finished 27th in FedEx Cup, automatically qualifying him for the 2009 PGA Tour season. Although he has never won a PGA Tour event, he has finished second on six separate occasions, most recently at the 2013 McGladrey Classic.
Baird is the son of professional golfer Butch Baird. He is also known for his odd putting style that worked for him when he was doing it as a drill and it just stuck. On May 19, 2009, Baird hit a 230-yard shot from the top of the Omni San Diego Hotel to a bulls-eye in the center of Petco Park in order to give everyone a free chicken wrap at P. F. Chang's China Bistro.
In 2010, Baird entered the final event of the season 125th on the PGA Tour money list. He stumbled in the final round and a number of other players had better finishes. Baird finished 127th on the Tour, two spots out of retaining full Tour status.
In 2011, Baird nearly won his first PGA Tour event, the Frys.com Open. He lost on the sixth playoff hole to Bryce Molder. Despite the loss, the finish moved Baird from 148th to 93rd on the Tour's money list, which meant avoiding Q School.
Baird has the distinction of being the richest golfer never to win a PGA Tour event, earning over $13 million during his career, but coming up short six times.
Professional wins (1).
PGA Tour playoff record (0–1)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5953510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953510" title="Kenn Church, Kenn Pier &amp; Yew Tree Farm SSSI">
Kenn Church, Kenn Pier &amp; Yew Tree Farm SSSI

Kenn Church, Kenn Pier & Yew Tree Farm SSSI () is a 15.37 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Kenn, Somerset, notified in 1997.
The site is listed in the Geological Conservation Review because it consists of a complex sequence of Pleistocene sediments, including coarse glacial outwash gravels at the base overlain by a complex sequence of interglacial freshwater, estuarine and marine sands. The sequence is then capped by aeolian (windblown) coversands and Holocene silts.

</doc>
<doc id="5953518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953518" title="Drei Chinesen mit dem Kontrabass">
Drei Chinesen mit dem Kontrabass

"Drei Chinesen mit dem Kontrabass" ("Three Chinese" or "Chinamen With A Double Bass") is a popular nonsensical German children's song. Its distinctive feature is a very simple form of word play: while the lyrics remain in effect unchanged, in each consecutive stanza all the vowels are replaced by one single vowel, with that single vowel changing in each new stanza.
Melody.
The most widely used tune today is as follows; slight variations in the dotted quarter notes are not uncommon:
A slightly different tune used to be more common in Germany and still prevails in Western Austria and the German speaking part of Switzerland: 
Note that in the ambitus is only a fourth in the latter but a Minor seventh in the former Variation.
Rules of the game: Lyrics.
The first stanza is sung in correct German:
At least eight stanzas follow, in which all the vowels are consecutively interchanged by the eight monophthongs found in the German language, following the order "A, E, I, O, U, Ä, Ö, Ü". Thus, the second stanza goes 
Dra Chanasan mat dam Kantrabass<br>
saßan af dar Straßa and arzahltan sach was.<br>
Da kam da Palaza, a, was ast dann das?<br>
Dra Chanasan mat dam Kantrabass.
Sometimes the game is extended to diphthongs ("ai", "au" and so on). In another variation one of the players announces the next vowel change by shouting `Nochmal!` ("Again!"), or, rather "nachmal", "nechmel", etc.
History.
As is the case with many children's songs, the origins of the "Three Chinese" are difficult to determine. Germany's performance rights organization GEMA classifies it as a "copyright-free folksong".
However, the song is relatively young; even its direct forerunners cannot be traced back much farther than World War I. For a song of such widespread popularity, written evidence is surprisingly scarce.
Origin of lyrics and tune.
Lyrics.
The collected evidence suggests that the origin of the song lies in the Northeast of the former German-speaking world. The protagonists of the standard version today are three Chinese; this element first appears in a version recorded in 1922 in Tartu, a city in Estonia which until the end of WWII was home to a sizeable minority of Baltic Germans. However, most versions recorded before 1945 feature "Japanesemen" ("Japanesen") instead; this variant was first recorded in Pomerania in 1909. The expected word used in German to refer to a native of Japan would be "Japaner", but for rhythmic reasons the somewhat outdated "Japanesen" was usually preferred. In 1913 the first printed version was published in Berlin with the title "Drei Japanesen mit 'nem Bass". Not only the nationality of chatting Asians varies in the early records, but also their number. Thus, a version from Upper Silesia has ten, as well as another from Westphalia, has twenty "Japanesemen".
The version featuring "Japanesemen" is still popular in some parts of Switzerland, and a particularly inventive variant attested in Ticino not only rounds off the song with a final yodel but has the Asians sitting on the street not with, but "without" a double bass. The reason for this could be that some of the oldest known variants do not feature any musical instrument at all, but rather has the Asians sitting on a street without a passport (German "Pass"), which would even lend some meaning to the lines. Whether these are in fact the original lyrics or whether they are later well-meant corrections has not yet been determined.
Furthermore, the precise type of musical instrument was not settled until around 1940. The threefold repetition of the monosyllabic "Bass" was gradually replaced by "Kontrabass", which in fact fits much better into the metric structure of the text. Thus, the song book "Der Kilometerstein" in the 1934 Potsdam edition furnished by Gustav Scholten still has the "Bass", while the 1941 Mainz edition by Ludwig Voggenreiter already reads "Kontrabass".
In fact, there are hardly two identical versions in the early records. While this holds true for most folksongs, the fact that the "Three Chinesemen" are not only a song but also a game may account for the irregularities. Almost every single word has been changed over time. Thus, there are variants that have the Asians sitting, standing, or walking on the street, while they were chatting or singing, and at times they even did all this not on a street at all, but rather in the woods.
Not until the 1970s did the song books uniformly settle upon the version cited in the introduction. The main reason for this is most certainly the standardizing effect of mass media, in this case the Schlager-inflected recording sung by the trio Medium-Terzett, which hit the German charts in 1968 and was then broadcast on television and radio countless times.
Tune.
The basic tunes noted above have been in use virtually since the very first records. In some instances, the melody combines elements of both; for instance, the early Estonian and Pomeranian versions are closer to today's "Swiss" tune, while further west the "German" tune seems to have prevailed from the start. Most of the older versions exhibit a more complex harmonic and rhythmic structure than the extant two tunes, though; some demanded a triadic arpeggio or other more complex chords at some points, others covered wider intervals. 
The gradual simplification of the melody may be due to the fact that it is after all a children's song; it may have been altered for pedagogical purposes, i.e. to suit the faculties of kindergarten-age kids. In any case, the fifth interval that rules both extant tunes is typical for text-oriented songs and thus fits the use of the song as a game.
Origin and rules of the game.
The vowel exchange was not the original game associated with the song. A version published in Leipzig in 1913 (G. Winter, "Ringel, Ringel, Rosenkranz." Leipzig 1913) entitled "Ein Japanese mit dem Bass" ("One Japanese Man With A Bass") is conceived as a kind of "Ring a Ring O'Roses" game and does not provide any alteration of the lyrics at all. A rule from 1929 for "Ein Chinese mit dem Bass, Bass, Bass" (A Chineseman with a bass, bass, bass), says how the children stand and sing in a ring, while somebody goes around tapping them on the shoulder at random. The child who is tapped then has to go into the middle of the circle. Once there are enough children in the circle, they start jumping around. "
In other variants the variable parameter were not the vowels but the number of musical Asians. The Pomeranian version from 1909 increases the number of Japanesemen by one with every stanza ("Zwei Japanesen mit dem Bass ...", "Drei Japanesen ..." etc.), other variants counted them down from twenty or ten in the manner of "Ten Little Niggers" (German "Zehn kleine Negerlein"). 
The game involving an exchange of the vowels is first recorded in the above-mentioned 1934 edition of "Der Kilometerstein". Han Sen, a Chinese writer who was born in Berlin in 1925 but emigrated shortly after the "Machtergreifung" notes in his autobiography (entitled "Ein Chinese mit dem Kontrabass") that he knew this rule in his childhood; it must therefore have been current before 1933 at least in Berlin. The fast increasing popularity of the game in the twenties may be explained by the taste of the age. It was the early heyday of German Schlager. Many hits of the age owed their comic effect on wellnigh dadaist meaninglessness and simple nonsensical rhymes such as "Mein Onkel Bumba aus Kalumba" ("My uncle Bumba from Kalumba") or "Mein Papagei frisst keine harten Eier" ("My parrot won't eat hard-boiled eggs").
It is possible that the idea of vowel exchange derives from like games played by children in Romance-speaking Europe. The same vowel-exchange rule applies to the Spanish song-game "La mar estaba serena" (also: "salada") and, with some differences, the Italian "Garibaldi fu ferito".
Children of Turkish immigrants to Germany have picked up both tune and game and adapted it to the peculiarities of the Turkish language. Unlike German, the Turkish language has a vowel harmony system, which accords much greater significance to the vowels in the process of semantic signification. Therefore, while the meaning of the lyrics remains discernible in German at any stage of the game, new words appear in later verses in Turkish. Hilarity ensues. 
The "Three Chinese" in German culture.
Being one of the most well-known German songs, it is not surprising that references to the "Three Chinese" have cropped up in many fields of contemporary German culture. Han Sen's autobiography was probably the most prominent occurrence in recent years. The 1998 movie "Drei Chinesen mit dem Kontrabass" does not contain any other reference to the song save its title. In the following year, crime fiction writer Lisa Pei published a whodunit under the same title, in which a bass-playing teacher is a murder suspect. A 1997 picture book by Luis Murschetz plays on the question what the Chinesemen were actually talking "about".
In 1981, cartoonist Hans Traxler included the parody "Anton Dvořak mit dem Kontrabaß" in his volume "Leute von Gestern". Visual artists have also picked up the topic, such as the Cologne-based Rune Mields, whose 1992 work bearing the song's title played on the contrast between Chinese arts such calligraphy, ripe with meaning and tradition, and the anarchic, childlike playfulness of the song. Yueyang Wang, a Chinese audio artist living in Germany, dealt with a more delicate facet of the lyrics in one of her installations, namely its supposed affinity to xenophobia. While there is no explicit textual evidence for this interpretation, the very absurdity of the lyrics leaves ample space for speculations.
More or less easygoing reinterpretations have emerged in popular culture since the "Medium-Terzett" hit the charts with their version in 1968. The anti-nuclear movement of the 1980s appropriated the song for its purposes. After the declaration of independence of the micronation "Republik Freies Wendland" sit-inners blocking the transportation of radioactive waste to the repository facility at Gorleben repeatedly intoned the tune, twisting the lyrics to a national anthem of sorts: „Zwanzigtausend mit dem Wendenpass / saßen auf der Straße...“ ("Twenty thousand with a Wendian passport/ sat on the street/" etc.). 
In 1998 and 2000 two of German hip hop's most prominent acts mangled the song in their tracks, first Fischmob in "Polizei Osterei" and two years later Fettes Brot in "Da draussen". The song also appeared in TV ads, first in a campaign for "Maggi" instant ramen, and most recently in a spot for the dairy company "Müllermilch". The version used in the dairy ad, sung by Mia-Sophie Wellenbrink and entitled "Fruchtalarm" (literally ""fruit alert"") even reached #17 in the German single charts in September 2005.
Notes.
"DVA numbers refer to the Deutsches Volksliedarchiv (German Archive of Folk Song)"

</doc>
<doc id="5953519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953519" title="National Order of Scientific Merit (Brazil)">
National Order of Scientific Merit (Brazil)

The National Order of Scientific Merit () is an honor bestowed upon Brazilian and foreign personalities recognized for their scientific and technical contributions to the cause and development of science in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="5953523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953523" title="Rajko's Cave">
Rajko's Cave

Rajko's cave () is a cave in the eastern part of Serbia.
Position.
The cave is located at the spring of Mali Pek, 2 km from town Majdanpek in Eastern Serbia. It is 120 km away from the E75 Beograd - Niš highway and 200 km from Belgrade. It is a river cave through whose entire length flows the Rajko's River ("Рајкова река"). During the summer river channels inside the cave can become dry.
The cave.
The total length of the cave is 2,304 meters while the tourist path is 1,410.5 meters long. Air temperature is constant - 8 degrees Celsius and relative humidity is 100%. The cave consists of two physically separated caverns: an underground river channel and a spring cave, both of which have two floors. A series of attractive groupings are found in Rajko's Cave: The Egyptian goddess, the Snail, Stump with Mushrooms, Sleeping Bear and several cave halls. The Rajko's cave has the highest quality of cave ornaments.
During the cold months of the year large number of bats are living in the remote parts of the cave.
Tourism.
There is a permanent organized guide service at Rajko's Cave. Tours last 60 minutes. Visiting hours are from 9.00 a.m. to 6.00 p.m. (from April 1 to October 31), and in winter period by appointment. Tours can be booked by visiting tourist office in the center of the nearby town Majdanpek. There is a well equipped tourist camp for tents, a cafe, parking and nice lake near the entrance of the cave.

</doc>
<doc id="5953526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953526" title="Edward Maloney">
Edward Maloney

Edward D. Maloney is a former Democratic member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 18th district from 2003 to 2013.
Early life.
Maloney earned his undergraduate degree in political science from Lewis University and went on to receive his master's degree in education from Chicago State University.
Public service.
Maloney is an assistant principal and dean of faculty at Brother Rice High School in Chicago, Illinois. He spent 28 years as a teacher, guidance counselor, administrator and coach at Oak Lawn Community High School. Maloney was also an Area Manager and Director of Professional Development for the Chicago Park District for four years.
As a teacher and administrator, Maloney’s professional memberships have included the Illinois Principals Association, the National Council for Social Studies, the Illinois Association of College Admissions Counselors, the Southwest Suburban Counselors’ Association and a current member of the Illinois Federation of Teachers Local #943.
Senate career.
Maloney was elected as state senator in 2003.
His top legislative priorities were to provide better educational opportunities for Illinois students, combating childhood diseases and providing financial relief to senior citizens.
Maloney helped pass a law which would punish teachers and administrators who conceal their criminal past. The teaching certificate of the offender can be suspended or revoked following the discovery of the omitted information. Another law, Maloney worked on allows non-traditional students who attend Illinois public universities to have a greater say in their academic destinies by allowing them a seat on the Illinois Board of Education. Non-traditional students are generally 25 years of age or older, employed on a full-time basis, and/or a parent.
Maloney served as the Vice-Chairman of the Labor and Commerce Committee; he was also a member of the Revenue and the Appropriations Committee.
Personal life.
Maloney and his wife, Norine have four sons: Brian, Matt, Dan, and Marty.

</doc>
<doc id="5953545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953545" title="Rate-of-return regulation">
Rate-of-return regulation

Rate-of-return regulation is a system for setting the prices charged by government-regulated monopolies. The main premise is that monopolies will be compelled to charge the same price that would ideally prevail in a perfectly competitive market, which is equal to the efficient costs of production plus a market-determined rate of return on capital.
Rate-of-return regulation has been criticized because it encourages cost-padding, and because, if the rate is set too high, it encourages regulated firms to adopt inefficiently high capital-labor ratios. This is known as the Averch-Johnson effect, or the Gold-Plated-Water-Cooler effect. Due to the nature of rate-of-return regulation there is no incentive for regulated monopolies to minimize their capital purchases since prices are set equal to their costs of production.
Rate-of-return regulation was dominant in the United States for a number of years in the government regulation of utility companies and other natural monopolies. Were these firms to remain unregulated, they could easily charge far higher rates, given that consumers would pay any price for goods such as electricity or water.
Method of Regulation.
Rate-of-return regulation was used most regularly to determine reasonable prices for goods supplied by utility companies. This regulation is considered fair due to the fact that they give the company the opportunity to recover costs incurred by providing consumers with their goods or services while simultaneously protecting consumers from paying exorbitant prices that would provide these companies with monopolistic profits. Under this method of regulation, government regulators examine the firm's base rate, cost of capital, operating expenses, and overall depreciation in order to estimate the total revenue needed for the firm to fully cover its expenses.
Basics for Assessing Rate of Return.
The goal of rate-of-return regulation is for the regulator to evaluate the effects of different price levels on potential earnings for a firm in order for consumers to be protected while ensuring investors receive a "fair" rate of return on their investment. There are five criteria utilized by regulators to assess the suitable rate of return for a firm.
Rate of Return Regulation Calculation.
R=(B x r) + E + d + T
Government regulators use this formula in order to ascertain the proper rate of return regulated firms should be permitted to have.
Advantages of Rate-of-Return Regulation.
Rate-of-Return regulation was mainly used due to its ability to be sustainable in the long-term and resistant to changes in the company's conditions as well as its popularity among investors. While regulation of this type prevents monopolies with the potential to make large profits from doing so, such as electricity companies, it provides stability. Investors will not make as large dividends off of regulated utility companies; however, they will be able to make fairly constant, substantial returns despite fluctuations in the economy or firm composure. Investor risk is minimized since the regulator's prudence in price setting is constrained by the method used to set the regulation rate. Therefore, investors can depend on consistency, which can be an attractive offer, especially in a volatile world market.
Furthermore, regulation of this sort protects the firm from negative public opinion while providing the consumer with ease of mind. Throughout history, due to their large profits, public opinion has turned against monopolies, which eventually resulted in severe anti-trust laws in the early 20th Century. Unregulated monopolies such as Standard Oil that pulled vast profits quickly became the subjects of negative public opinion, the original source of regulation of monopolies. With rate-of-return regulation, consumers can rely on the government to ensure that they are paying fair prices for their electricity and other regulated services, and not feeding into a business of trusts and greed.
Disadvantages of Rate-of-Return Regulation and Criticism.
The central problem with rate-of-return regulation, the reason most countries with economic regulation have switched to alternate methods of regulating such firms, is that rate-of-return regulation does not provide strong incentives for regulated firms to operate efficiently. The main form of this weakness is the Averch-Johnson effect.
Firms regulated in this manner will engage in disproportionate capital accumulation, which in turn will heighten the price level allotted by the government regulator, raising the firm's short-term profits. By spending on unnecessary capital and other extravagant expenses, the firm's revenue requirement (R) is raised as a result of both an increase in operating expenses (E) and depreciation costs (d). Depreciation costs rise due to the fact that as a firm obtains more capital, that physical capital will depreciate over time, therefore raising the overall depreciation cost. In order to subvert the system, regulated-monopolies can purchase capital they don't necessarily need or use, which will be left in the factory merely to depreciate, thereby raising their regulated price level as allocated by the government.
History of Rate-of-Return Regulation.
The right of states to prescribe rates was affirmed in the United States Supreme Court case of "Munn v. Illinois" of 1877. This case generally allowed states to regulate certain businesses and practices within their borders, including railroads, which had risen to substantial power at the time. This case was one of six that were later dubbed the ""Granger Cases"", all concerning the proper degree of government regulation on private industry.
While the political sentiment of the early 20th Century was increasingly anti-monopoly and anti-trust, government officials recognized the need for some goods and services to be provided by monopolies. In specific cases, a monopolistic economic model is more efficient than a perfectly competitive model. This type of firm is called a "Natural monopoly" due to the fact that the cost-technology of the industry is markedly high, suggesting that it is more effective for only one or a few firms to dominate production. In a monopolistic market, one or several firms can make the large investment necessary, and in turn provide a large enough percentage of the output to cover the costs of their large initial investment. In a competitive market, numerous firms would be required to spend large sums on the necessary capital only to produce a small quantity of output, thereby sacrificing economic efficiency.
The system of rate setting was developed through a series of Supreme Court cases beginning with the "Smyth v. Ames" case in 1898. In this so-called "Maximum Freign Case," the Supreme Court defined the constitutional limits of governmental power to set railroad utility rates. The Court stated that regulated industries had a right to "fair return." This was later overturned in the "Federal Power Commission v. Hope Natural Gas Company" case, but it was important to the development of rate-of-return regulation and more generally, to the practice of government regulation of private industry.
As the concept of rate-of-return regulation spread throughout the anti-trust leaning America, the question of "what profit should investors receive?" became the main decisive issue. This was the question the "Hope" case set out to answer in 1944.
Failing prices in the late 19th Century raised the issue of whether profit should be based on the amount the investors originally invested in assets years earlier, or on the lower current asset value resulting from a drop in overall price level. The "Hope" case settled on a compromise for asset valuation. With respect to debt capital, "Hope" accepted the original historic cost as reasonable for valuating the debt portion of the asset rate base and allowing the historically agreed upon interest rate as its rate of return. However, with respect to equity capital, "Hope" determined that the current return value would be acceptable. Therefore, asset valuation was to be calculated by regulators based on a combination of historical cost and current return value.
Rate-of-return regulation was primarily used in the United States to regulate utility companies that provide goods such as electricity, gas, telephone service, water, and television cable to the general public. Despite its relative success in regulating such companies, rate-of-return regulation was gradually replaced in the late 20th Century by new, more efficient forms of regulation such as Price-cap regulation and Revenue-cap regulation. Price-cap regulation was developed in the 1980s by British Treasury economist Stephen Littlechild and was gradually incorporated globally into monopoly regulations. Price-cap regulation adjusts firm prices according to a price cap index which reflects the inflation rate in the economy generally, efficiencies a specific firm is able to utilize relative to the average firm in the economy, and the inflation in a firm's output prices relative to the average firm in the economy. Revenue-cap regulation is a similar means of regulating monopolies, except instead of prices being the regulated variable, regulators set revenue limits. These new forms of regulation gradually replaced rate-of-return regulation in the American and global economies. While rate-of-return regulation is very susceptible to the Averch-Johnson effect, new forms of regulation avoid this loophole by using indexes to properly evaluate firm efficiency and use of resources.

</doc>
<doc id="5953552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953552" title="Solar transit">
Solar transit

In astronomy, a solar transit is a movement of any object passing between the Sun and the Earth. This mainly includes the planets Mercury and Venus. A solar eclipse is also a solar transit of the Moon, but technically only if it does not cover the entire disc of the Sun (an annular eclipse), as "transit" counts only objects that are smaller than what they are passing in front of. Solar transit is only one of several types of astronomical transit.
Solar transit (or a solar outage, sometimes solar fade, sun outage, or sun fade) also occurs to communications satellites, which pass in front of the Sun for several minutes each day for several days straight for a period in the months around the equinoxes, the exact dates depending on where the satellite is in the sky relative to its earth station. Because the Sun also produces a great deal of microwave radiation in addition to sunlight, it overwhelms the microwave radio coming from the satellite's transponders. This enormous electromagnetic interference causes interruptions in fixed satellite services that use satellite dishes, including TV networks and radio networks, as well as VSAT and DBS. 
Only downlinks from the satellite are affected, uplinks from the Earth are normally not, as the planet "shades" the Earth station when viewed from the satellite. Satellites in geosynchronous orbit are irregularly affected based on their inclination. Reception from satellites in other orbits are frequently but only momentarily affected by this, and by their nature the same signal is usually repeated or relayed on another satellite, if a tracking dish is used at all. Satellite radio and other services like GPS are not affected, as they use no receiving dish, and therefore do not concentrate the interference. (GPS and certain satellite radio systems use non-geosynchronous satellites.)
Solar transit begins with only a brief degradation in signal quality for a few moments. At the same time each day, for the next several days, it gets longer and gets worse, until finally gradually improving after several more days. For digital satellite services, the cliff effect will eliminate reception entirely at a given threshold. Reception is typically lost for only a few minutes on the worst day, but the beam width of the dish can affect this. Signal strength also affects this, as does the bandwidth of the signal. If the power is concentrated into a narrower band, there is a higher signal-to-noise ratio. If the same signal is spread wider, the receiver also gets a wider swath of noise, degrading reception.
The exact days and times of solar transit outages, for each satellite and for each receiving point (Earth station) on the Earth, are available at various websites. For broadcast networks, the network feed must be pre-recorded, replaced with local programming, fed via another satellite in a different orbital position, or fed via another method entirely during these times. 
In the Northern Hemisphere, solar transit is usually in early March and October. In the Southern Hemisphere, solar transit is usually in early September and April. The time of day varies mainly with the longitude of the satellite and receiving station, while the exact days vary mainly with the station's latitude. Stations along the equator will experience solar transit right at the equinoxes, as that is where geostationary satellites are located directly over.
Note that with large dishes, it would be possible for the feedhorn to be damaged, which is prevented by the parabolic dishes being done in a flat (non-glossy) finish that does not focus light or heat effectively. Non-parabolic dishes cannot focus in this manner.

</doc>
<doc id="5953555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953555" title="Pine Banks">
Pine Banks

Pine Banks is a park located in the cities of Malden and Melrose, Massachusetts. It was donated by former Mayor of Malden Elisha S. Converse to be used "forever as a public park". The agreement was that both towns had equal ownership, responsibility, and power, which is still the case today; the non–profit Board of Trustees owns the park, with equal representation from both cities. 
The area was once inhabited by the Wampanoag Native American tribe. It was later the home of the Lynde family in the early 18th century, and then became the public park that it is today.
Geography.
The structure of Pine Banks was formed millions of years ago when volcanoes (now inactive) and earthquakes shaped the area. As a result, there are rocky cliffs throughout the park, and even a fault line just south of the park. In addition to that, thousands of years ago, receding glaciers formed an esker which can be seen at the park as an elevated path. 
The largest cliff, which is made of solid bedrock, rises 40–50 feet straight up to form Mount Ephraim, which overlooks the whole park. This is the highest point, but not the only point of elevation in the park. There are other, smaller hills and cliffs.
There is a small shallow pond just south of Mount Ephraim that is was sometimes called Island Pond but now is usually not named. The pond's banks are fairly marshy, making it a good home for frogs, turtles and snakes. It is highly unlikely that any fish call this pond home.
In addition to the pond, there are other small creeks and wetlands throughout the park. One of these small creeks once connected to the Malden River.
Park facilities.
In addition to being a natural forest area, Pine Banks is also a recreational park. Centered in the park near the pond is a child's playground, containing swings, slides, and other equipment. In the playground there are also two long picnic tables sheltered by a roof. There are also BBQs that may be used during parties. Many birthday parties are celebrated here, but reservations are required.
North of the wooded area there are several fields: five softball fields, one full size baseball field, and a newly renovated football field. Many sporting events are held at these fields, including soccer games which are held in the outfield of the softball fields. There are many lights that sufficiently light up the fields for night games. Parking is located in close proximity to the fields.
Pine Banks once contained a golf course, but that is no longer in existence. The course was where the present-day fields are.
There was once a zoo that was home to such animals as goats, donkeys, peacocks, ducks and other assorted animals. The zoo was removed in the early to mid-1990s.
The park also contains an international regulation-size rugby pitch and is home to the Mystic River Rugby Club (Rugby Union), the current 2008 Northeast Division 1 Champions and the Boston 13s RLFC (Rugby League).

</doc>
<doc id="5953557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953557" title="Nicole Leach">
Nicole Leach

Nicole Leach (Rochelle) (b. May 10, 1979 in Montclair, New Jersey) is an American actress and singer. She attended Montclair High School. Leach attended Brown University, where she studied anthropology.
Nicole has appeared in several television shows, including "The Cosby Show", "Shining Time Station" as Harry Cupper's granddaughter/Kara's cousin Tanya, "Clarissa Explains It All", "Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego", "Third Watch", and "Law & Order". She has also performed off-Broadway in such shows as "Fame on 42nd Street", "Miracle Brothers", and "Limonade Tous le Jours" with Alan Alda (2004). In 2003 she played Katherine in Shakespeare's "Henry V", opposite Liev Schreiber. In 2005, she played the title role in the musical "Nefertiti" in Fort Lauderdale. Nicolle also played the new Josephine Baker in "A la recherche de josephine" in Paris in a musical from 2006 to 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5953567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953567" title="Atkinson and Northern Railroad">
Atkinson and Northern Railroad

The Atkinson and Northern Railroad was originally founded in the late 19th century or early 20th century to operate north out of Atkinson, Nebraska to a point in Boyd County, Nebraska. Although several cuts were made in preparation for the railroad, no track was actually laid and the railroad folded before it began.
Source.
Holt County Historical Society

</doc>
<doc id="5953586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953586" title="Seventeen Point Agreement for the Peaceful Liberation of Tibet">
Seventeen Point Agreement for the Peaceful Liberation of Tibet

The Agreement of the Central People's Government and the Local Government of Tibet on Measures for the Peaceful Liberation of Tibet, or the Seventeen Point Agreement for the Peaceful Liberation of Tibet for short, is the document by which the delegates of the 14th Dalai Lama, sovereign of the "de facto" state of Tibet, reached an agreement in 1951 with the government of the newly established People's Republic of China on affirming Chinese sovereignty over Tibet. 
Chinese sources regard the document as a legal contract that was mutually welcomed by both governments and by the Tibetan people. Central Tibetan Administration considers it invalid and as having been signed under duress. The 14th Dalai Lama has repudiated the agreement on many occasions.
Lead up.
The People's Liberation Army crossed the Jinsha River on 6 or 7 October 1950 and defeated the Tibetan army by 19 October. Instead of continuing with the military campaign, China asked Tibet to send representatives to Beijing to negotiate an agreement. The Dalai Lama believes the draft agreement was written by China, and Tibetan representatives were not allowed to suggest any alterations. China did not allow the Tibetan representatives to communicate with the Tibetan government in Lhasa. The Tibetan delegation was not authorized by Lhasa to sign, but ultimately submitted to pressure from the Chinese to sign anyway, using seals which had been specifically made for the purpose.
Agreement.
Delegates.
Signed and sealed by delegates of the Central People's Government with full powers:
Chief Delegate:
Delegates:
Delegates with full powers of the Local Government of Tibet:
Delegates:
The Tibetan delegates, two officials from Dromo and two from Lhasa, were chosen by the Dalai Lama to accompany Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme.
Negotiations.
The Tibetan delegation initially objected to point #1's reference to "imperialist aggressive forces from Tibet", but later conceded that there might be such forces operating that they were not aware of. Points #2 and #3 were queried for the meaning of "local government", although the meaning of "national regional autonomy" was not discussed, since the Tibetan delegation assumed that things would go on as before. Ngapoi's delegation tried to remove the guarantees of the power of the Panchen Lama in points #5 and 6, but the Central Chinese delegation countered that then the Dalai Lama's power could not be guaranteed as well. The Tibetans conceded the point. Fundamental disagreements about point #8, the disbandment of the Tibetan army, resulted in a promise to renegotiate the issue later. The most argued point was #15 about the establishment of a military and administrative committee, since Tibetan delegation felt that it contradicted point #11 about the local Tibetan government conducting reforms on its own. Most of the other points were accepted without comment, or with minor translation issues. In order to avoid embarrassment for the Chinese delegation, accommodations to the Tibetan delegation about issues like the maintenance of the Tibetan army were to be concluded subsequently in separate, secret agreements.
Signing of the Agreement.
The agreement was signed by Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme, who advocated Tibetan acquiescence to China, and sealed in Beijing on 23 May 1951 and confirmed by the government in Tibet a few months later. In addition, the following letter purportedly written by the Dalai Lama indicating his acceptance was also sent to Beijing in the form of a telegram on the 24th of October:
"The Tibet Local Government as well as the ecclesiastic and secular people unanimously support this agreement, and under the leadership of Chairman Mao and the Central People's Government, will actively support the People's Liberation Army in Tibet to consolidate national defence, drive out imperialist influences from Tibet and safeguard the unification of the territory and the sovereignty of the Motherland."
According to the Tibetan government-in-exile, some members of the Tibetan Cabinet (Kashag), for example, Tibetan Prime Minister Lukhangwa, never accepted the agreement. But the National Assembly of Tibet, "while recognizing the extenuating circumstances under which the delegates had to sign the 'agreement', asked the government to accept the 'agreement'...the Kashag told Zhang Jingwu that it would radio its acceptance of the 'agreement'."
Repudiation of the Agreement.
The signing of the Seventeen-Point agreement was later contested as invalid in the Tibetan exile community, who charged that the Tibet delegates were forced to sign under duress and that the Chinese allegedly used forged Tibetan government seals. The exile community and their supporters continue to assert that the Tibetan representatives were not allowed to suggest any alterations and that the Chinese government did not allow the Tibetan representatives to communicate with Lhasa.
However, Tibetologist Melvyn Goldstein, who interviewed at least two negotiators and the only interpreter (the Dalai Lama's brother-in-law) from the Tibetan side, provides a different account:
And, as a Tibetan negotiator recalled, instances indeed exist when the Tibetan delegates, with Dalai Lama's authorization, were free to suggest alteration.
On the path that was leading him into exile in India, the 14th Dalai Lama arrived 26 March 1959 at Lhuntse Dzong where he repudiated the "17-point Agreement" as having been "thrust upon Tibetan Government and people by the threat of arms" and reaffirmed his government as the only legitimate representative of Tibet. On 20 June 1959, at a press conference convened at Mussoorie, the 14th Dalai Lama repudiated the agreement once more. He explained that, "since China herself had broken the terms of her own 'Agreement', there could no longer be any legal basis for recognising it."
In his essay "Hidden Tibet: History of Independence and Occupation" published by the Library of Tibetan Works and Archives at Dharamsala, S.L. Kuzmin writes that the Agreement had critical defects. The use of newly made personal seals instead of official governmental seals was not legal. The Tibetan delegates exceeded their authority by signing the Agreement without the approval from the Dalai Lama and the Kashag. The preamble to the Agreement contained ideological cliches that do not correspond to reality. The Chinese Government ordered PLA that entered Tibet to command the "local" government to send their people for negotiations with the Centre; the contracting parties acknowledged this in the Preamble and Point 2, so the agreement was signed under a military threat. The Agreement was drawn up in such a way that a number of terms were ambiguous and allowed for different interpretations by the Chinese and the Tibetans. It contains some internal contradictions.

</doc>
<doc id="5953587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953587" title="Portishead Pier to Black Nore SSSI">
Portishead Pier to Black Nore SSSI

Portishead Pier to Black Nore SSSI () is a 71.8 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the town of Portishead in North Somerset, notified in 1952.
The Portishead Pier Section is made up of alluvial sandstones which represents the best exposure of Upper Carboniferous rocks in the Avonmouth Coalfield. The cliff and foreshore exposures around Portishead Point provide important exposures of geological structures form during the Variscan mountain building episode (orogeny) in the Carboniferous Period of geological history. Also included are areas which show important exposures of the Devonian sequence and yields several species of fossil fishes. Holoptychius scales are the most abundant fossils, but teeth scales of other species are also relatively common. Notably amongst the collection from this bed are plates of arthrodires, including Groenlandaspis.

</doc>
<doc id="5953606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953606" title="TCNN">
TCNN

TCNN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5953621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953621" title="James McDade">
James McDade

James Patrick McDade (24 July 1946 – 14 November 1974) was a volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) who was killed in a premature explosion while planting a bomb at the Coventry telephone exchange in 1974.
Early life.
Born in Oakfield Street in the Ardoyne area of north Belfast, McDade was educated at Holy Cross Primary School, Belfast and at St Gabriel's Secondary School. McDade's family of five brothers and two sisters were highly musical, and he was an accomplished singer. McDade enjoyed sporting activities was a talented Gaelic football player. He moved to England living in Sparkhill, Birmingham and performing as a pub singer around the West Midlands. There he married and had two sons, Gerard and Anthony.
Gerard McDade, James' brother, was also an IRA volunteer (reported to be Quartermaster with A company, 3rd Battalion, Belfast Brigade). He was shot in the back by a British Army soldier on 21 December 1971.
Republican activities.
McDade joined the IRA in England and was involved in the bombing campaign based in Britain. He was killed on 14 November 1974 in a premature explosion while planting a bomb at a telephone exchange and postal sorting office at Salt Lane, Greyfriars, Coventry.
Obituary and funeral.
The 16 November 1974 edition of the Irish News carried many tributes to McDade. Respects were paid by London and Birmingham Comhairle Ceantair, Sinn Féin; Coventry and Belfast Cumann, Sinn Féin; Command Staff, Óglaigh na hÉireann, England; and GHQ staff. 
The Republican Movement in England planned to honour McDade a with local paramilitary guard of honour but Archbishop of Birmingham George Dwyer forbade a funeral service in the local diocese. Sinn Féin declared there had never been an intention to bury him locally. 
The Home Secretary Roy Jenkins resisted attempts to ban the IRA but declared an aggressive stance towards paramilitary displays. Birmingham, Coventry and Solihull Councils banned all processions connected to the death of McDade for one month in the West Midlands under the Public Order Act 1936. Ground staff at Belfast International Airport refused to handle the coffin; "The Times" reported evidence of their intimidation. Instead his remains were flown to Dublin.
Liam Hannaway, a senior member of the Republican Movement, gave the oration at the funeral. His coffin was draped in the same Tricolour flag of Ireland that was used for the funerals of Terence MacSwiney and Michael Gaughan. IRA volunteers fired three volleys at his graveside. He was buried in the Republican plot at Milltown Cemetery, Belfast on 23 November 1974.
Birmingham Six.
The Birmingham Six, five of which were from North Belfast, with John Walker from Derry, knew McDade through the Birmingham Irish community. Five of them were arrested on their way to the funeral, whilst the sixth was arrested in Birmingham. They were found guilty of carrying out the 21 November 1974 bombings in August the following year and received life sentences, but released from prison on 14 March 1991 after the Court of Appeal quashed their convictions.

</doc>
<doc id="5953628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953628" title="Quarry Steps, Durdham Down">
Quarry Steps, Durdham Down

Quarry Steps, Durdham Down () is a 0.006 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near Durdham Down in Bristol, notified in 1990.
It was in this area that the first Thecodontosaurus fossil was discovered in 1834.

</doc>
<doc id="5953634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953634" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton () is a Roman Catholic archdiocese in the Province of Alberta. Its suffragan dioceses are Calgary and Saint Paul. Historically, the archdiocese was preceded by the Diocese of St Albert which was erected in 1871. In 1912 the present archdiocese was erected. The Archdiocese covers Central Alberta, Edmonton Capital Region and the middle and upper half of the Alberta's Rockies region.
As of 2010, the archdiocese (not including its 2 suffragan dioceses) contains 129 parishes and missions, 96 diocesan priests, 85 religious priests, and 368,545 Catholics. It also has 278 women religious, 18 religious brothers, and 14 permanent deacons. The archbishop's cathedra is located in St. Joseph Cathedral Basilica in Edmonton, Alberta.
On March 22, 2007, Vatican Information Services announced that a Halifax native, Bishop Richard William Smith of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pembroke, Canada, had been appointed as Archbishop-elect of Edmonton by Pope Benedict XVI.
On Saturday, July 14, 2012, an official news release from Vatican Information Service (VIS), an arm of the Holy See Press Office, stated that Pope Benedict XVI had appointed Father Gregory Bittman who, until then had been serving as the Judicial Vicar and as Archdiocesan Chancellor, as an Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton and Titular Bishop of Caltadria.
Residential Bishops.
The Archdiocese was created in 1912. The following is a list of the bishops and archbishops of Edmonton, including auxiliary bishops, and their terms of service:
Rural parishes.
Alberta Beach
Bashaw
Beaumont
Camrose
Devon
Drayton Valley
Edson
Enoch
Evansburg
Fort Saskatchewan
Gibbons
Grande Cache
Hinton
Innisfail
Jasper
Killam
Lacombe
Leduc
Lloydminster
Ma-Me-O-Beach
Maskwacis
Mayerthorpe
Onoway
Olds
Ponoka
Provost
Red Deer
Rocky Mountain House
Rimbey
St. Albert
Stettler
Spruce Grove
Sherwood Park
Sylvan Lake
Trochu
Toronto
Wetaskiwin
Wainwright
Vermilion
Vegreville

</doc>
<doc id="5953647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953647" title="Revenue-cap regulation">
Revenue-cap regulation

Revenue-cap regulation is a system for setting the prices charged by regulated monopolies by limiting the total revenue in a given period. It is contrasted with rate-of-return regulation, in which utilities are permitted a set rate of return on capital, and with price-cap regulation where price is the regulated variable.
As with price-cap regulation, the system uses "CPI - X", or, in the United Kingdom "RPI-X" to set revenue caps. This takes the rate of inflation, measured by the Consumer Price Index (UK Retail Prices Index, RPI) and subtracts expected efficiency savings X. The system is intended to provide incentives for efficiency savings, as any savings above the predicted rate X can be passed on to shareholders, at least until the price caps are next reviewed (usually every five years). A key part of the system is that the rate X is based not only a firm's past performance, but on the performance of other firms in the industry: X is intended to be a proxy for a competitive market, in industries which are natural monopolies.
The choice of a revenue-cap rather than a price cap means that the regulated enterprise does not face any quantity risk. This may be appropriate in cases, such as electricity distribution, where the quantity demanded is largely outside the control of the regulated firm, and where costs may be insensitive to short-term variations in quantity demanded.
In practice, the distinction between revenue-cap and rate-of-return regulation may be lost, as regulators may end up making implicit decisions on the acceptable real rates of return on capital employed in order to arrive at price limit determinations.

</doc>
<doc id="5953651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953651" title="J. L. Lewis">
J. L. Lewis

John Lee "J.L." Lewis (born July 18, 1960) is an American professional golfer. He has won twice on the PGA Tour: the John Deere Classic in 1999, and the 84 Lumber Classic in 2003. In 1999 he won the Honda Invitational in Guadalajara, Mexico. In 2010, Lewis earned a spot on the Champions Tour after placing well on the tour's Q School.
Lewis was born and raised in Emporia, Kansas. His parents, John and Donna Lewis, taught in Emporia schools for thirty years. His athletic ability was evident from an early age: he played Little League Baseball from 1967 to 1973, and was a winning pitcher with multiple no-hitters. Lewis began playing golf at the age of seven at Emporia Country Club, where he won at the ECC Men's Club Championship twice before graduating from high school. He lettered in football, basketball, and golf at Emporia High School. In 1978, he was named to the all-state high school basketball team, and was awarded a golf scholarship to Emporia State University. 
After his sophomore year at Emporia State, Lewis transferred to Southwest Texas State University (now Texas State University–San Marcos). While at Texas State, his team won the 1983 Division II golf championship, and he received First Team All American honors for finishing second individually. He graduated from Texas State with a bachelor of science in education with a major in business education and a minor in English. He has been inducted into the Emporia High School Hall of Fame (2001) and the Texas State University Hall of Honor (2002).
From 1982 to 1987, Lewis participated in the PGA of America apprentice program, and he became a professional golfer in 1984. During these years he was an assistant golf pro at The Hills of Lakeway Golf & Country Club (Live Oak and Yaupon golf courses) in Austin, Texas.
In 1988, Lewis became an assistant golf pro at the Las Vegas Country Club in Las Vegas, Nevada, where he earned his PGA Class A membership. In December 1988, he qualified for the PGA Tour, and competed in 21 tour events during 1989. He was named 1988 Player of the Year, Southwest Section PGA (Las Vegas Chapter).
From 1990 to 1993, Lewis was the golf pro at Forest Creek Golf Club in Round Rock, Texas. As a PGA Club Professional, he won numerous events and was a three-time sectional player of the year, twice in the PGA South Texas Section, and once in the PGA Southwest Section. 
In 1994, Lewis was a member of the PGA Cup team; he led the Americans to a victory over the Europeans by making a 50-foot putt on the last hole of the competition. He rejoined the PGA Tour in 1995.
Lewis has an interest in writing, specifically about golf instruction, for which he has penned more than 1,000 golf tips. He published a book, the "Pocket Pro" edition of "Golf Tips from the Tour" in 2009.
2007 and 2008 PGA Tour seasons.
After his comeback from a strained medial collateral ligament in his left knee suffered in May 2006, Lewis played in four events during the 2007 PGA Tour season. Because he also had a lingering elbow injury, he was granted a major medical extension carryover for the 2008 season. 
Lewis's best finishes during 2008 were in the Shell Houston Open (T47), in the Verizon Heritage (T64), and in the Valero Texas Open (T73).
Family.
In August 1982, Lewis married Dawn Marie Delavan, who grew up in Emporia, Kansas, and graduated from Emporia High School in 1978. Dawn, who played golf and participated in track and field and gymnastics, competed on the University of Texas gymnastics team beginning in the fall of 1978. She manages her husband's golf career and business operations through J.L. Sports, LLC.
J.L. and Dawn Lewis have two children, who were homeschooled by their parents while J.L. was on Tour. Cole Lewis, who graduated from Texas State University with degree in business management, competed on the Texas State golf team for four years. Sherry Lewis-Ramirez is a graduate of Southwestern University.
Professional wins.
PGA Tour wins (2).
PGA Tour playoff record (1-0)

</doc>
<doc id="5953658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953658" title="National Poet of Wales">
National Poet of Wales

The post of National Poet of Wales () was established in May 2005 by Academi – the Welsh National Literature Promotion Agency and Society for Writers. The post is supported by the Arts Council of Wales’ Lottery fund.
The poet will act as a cultural ambassador for the nation, creating works which promote the image of Wales. The appointed poet would hold the role for one year and their works would be read at ceremonial and official occasions. The language will alternate between Welsh and English. 
Iestyn Davies, Head of Communications at the Arts Council of Wales, said: "As a country renowned for it literary heritage it is fitting that Wales should have its own national poet, creating new works that celebrate our successes, comment on our failures and raise the profile of Wales through literature."

</doc>
<doc id="5953668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953668" title="Clefting prevalence in different cultures">
Clefting prevalence in different cultures

Cleft lip and/or palate is a congenital abnormality that is seen frequently around the world. On average, about 1 in every 500-750 live births result in a cleft (Hardin-Jones, Karnell, & Peterson-Falzone, 2001). Furthermore, in the U.S., the prevalence for cleft lip with or without cleft palate (CL +/- P) is 2.2 to 11.7 per 10,000 births. Cleft palate alone (CP) results in a prevalence rate of 5.5 to 6.6 per 10,000 births (Forrester & Merz, 2004). Cleft of the lip, palate, or both is one of the most common congenital abnormalities and has a birth prevalence rate ranging from 1/1000 to 2.69/1000 amongst different parts of the world (McLeod, Saeed, & Arana- Urioste, 2004).
Africans and African Americans.
A look into the prevalence rates of different cultures in the U.S. when compared to country of origin begins with Africans and African Americans. One per 2500 African Americans are born with a cleft (Suleiman, Hamzah, Abusalab, & Samaan, 2005). African Americans have a lower prevalence rate of CL +/- P when compared to Caucasians. A prevalence rate of 0.61 per 1,000 and 1.05 per 1,000 live births respectively was reported by Croen, Shaw, Wasserman and Tolarova (1998). In Malawi there is a reported low prevalence rate for cleft lip and/or palate, 0.7 per 1,000 live births (Chisi, Igbibi, & Msamati, 2000). Suleiman et al. (2005) found that the prevalence rate of clefting among a group of Sudanese hospital new-borns in the city of Khartoum is 0.9 per 1,000 live births.
Mestizo Americans.
Mestizo Americans that come from Mexico, Central America and South America, and the Caribbean (Meyerson, 1990). The prevalence of Mestizo Americans is lower than that of Caucasians and Native Americans, yet it is still higher than African Americans (Croen et al., 1998). Mestizo have a prevalence of clefting of 9.7 per 10,000 live births (Kirby, Petrini & Alter, 2000). In Sucre, Bolivia the prevalence rate of CL +/- P is 1.23 per 1,000 live births (McLeod et al., 2004).
Jordan.
Al Omari & Al-Omari (2004) reported that no study exists that has specifically looked at clefting among Jordanians prior to their investigation. Al Omari et al. (2004) examined the prevalence of clefting over an eleven-year period in Jordan and found an overall rate of 1.39 per 1,000 live births for CL +/- P. This was found to be similar with the prior studies that have examined clefting in other Arab populations.
United States of America.
Hawaii is a U.S. state which has an extremely diverse population consisting of 73% people of Asian and Pacific Islander descent. Forrester & Merz (2004) found that the prevalence rates of CL +/- P per 10,000 live births in Hawaii were: 10 in Caucasians, 16 in people of Far East Asian descent, 11 in people of Pacific Islander descent, and 14.5 in people of Filipino descent.
When looking at the countries of origin, a higher rate was seen for Asians, specifically in Pakistan, with the prevalence rate being 1.91 per 1,000 live births (Elahi, Jackson, Elahi, Khan, Mubarak, Tariq, & Mitra, 2004). Similarly, C. Oh, S. Kim, W. Kim, & J. Kim (2002) found a similar prevalence rate of 1.81 per 1,000 births in the Republic of Korea. Valid prevalence rates in the native countries of the Philippines and Pacific Islands could not be reported.

</doc>
<doc id="5953677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953677" title="Mary Abney">
Mary Abney

Mary, Lady Abney (née Gunston) (1676 – 12 January 1750) inherited the Manor of Stoke Newington in 1701 from her brother. The property lies about five miles north of St Paul's Cathedral in the City of London. She had a great influence on the design and landscaping of Abney Park, including the planting of the two elm walks that lead to Hackney Brook.
She is known for having sheltered Dr Isaac Watts, a Nonconformist known as the father of English hymnody for his hundreds of hymns, as a house guest for 36 years. He was inspired by her park in his writing of hymns and poems.
Background.
The Manor of Stoke Newington, a small farming community about five miles north of St Paul's Cathedral and then considered beyond the boundaries of London, had been owned and managed directly by the Cathedral until the early 17th century. After that, they granted it to a succession of private Lords of the Manor.
Early life and marriage.
Mary Gunston was born in 1676 and had a brother Thomas. He became Lord of the Manor of Stoke Newington in the late 1600s.
In 1700 Mary married Thomas Abney (1640–1722), who was 36 years her senior and that year Lord Mayor of London. He had business interests in the City of London and was knighted by King William. Sir Thomas already was leasing a mansion on the Theobalds estate at Cheshunt in Hertfordshire, and that is where they started their married life. They had a family together, including three daughters.
In the custom of the time, the couple frequently invited guests to Theobalds. Their association with Isaac Watts, who became known as a hymnologist, became legendary. He was initially invited for a week to Theobalds, and became a semi-permanent member of their household, living with them for a total of 36 years.
In 1701, following the death of her brother, Thomas Gunston, Lady Mary Abney inherited the Manor of Stoke Newington. By the rights of marriage that applied at that time, the property formally passed to her husband for the duration of his life. The couple decided to live at both addresses, and split their lives between the villages of Cheshunt and their second home in Stoke Newington. Upon title passing to Lady Mary and Sir Thomas Abney, she began to complete her late brother's new manor house at Abney Park; it was later known as 'Abney House.' She had it done to suit her taste and ideas.
As Abney House was closer to London than Theobalds, the Abneys frequently stayed there with their family. Soon the household included long-term house-guest Dr Isaac Watts. The family also shared Abney House with a series of well-to-do tenants, who paid for various floors and parts of the house. This kept it homely, warm, and constantly lived-in during periods when the family lived in Hertfordshire.
Lady Mary granted Watts sole use of a study room, the roof-top turret also called the observatory room, from which he could survey the heavens as well as the whole of Abney Park. His view extended northward of the village, as far as Woodberry Downs.
Survey and landscaping; Lady of the Manor.
At Abney Park, Lady Abney commissioned the first map and survey of the Manor of Stoke Newington. She is said to have planned much of the planting and landscaping of the park. Its two great elm avenues became favourite walks of Watts; they led to a secluded island heronry in the Hackney Brook, where he was inspired for his writings.
Following the death of her husband Sir Thomas in 1722, the widow Lady Abney became fully installed in her own right as the first Lady of the Manor. She was one of a few women who occupied such a position in early 18th-century English society.
In 1736, Lady Abney moved her household completely from her husband's mansion in Hertfordshire, choosing to live full-time at the more modest Abney House. She was joined in this by her unmarried daughter Elizabeth Abney and their long-term house guest Watts. In Stoke Newington, they had many neighbors who were Nonconformist and literary families.
Links to the 'Religious Revival'.
Lady Abney was of an Independent religious faith (known as Congregational, after the 1830s), as were her husband Sir Thomas Abney and long-term houseguest Dr Isaac Watts. Throughout the year when Sir Thomas held office as Lord Mayor, and Mary Abney was Lady Mayoress, they each had to practice occasional conformity to the Church of England, as required by law. Similarly, as Lady of the Manor, Mary Abney had to uphold the general conformity of the parish church of the Stoke Newington Manor.
Privately as an Independent, she was close friend of the religious revivalist Selina Hastings, Countess of Huntingdon. The Countess formed her own independent religious group within the independent Methodist movement, although working to compromise with the Anglican authorities. The Countess financed many revivalist causes, including the independent preacher George Whitefield. In her later years, she helped sponsor the visit to Britain of Olaudah Equiano, an African who was freed from slavery in the British colonies. He had become an abolitionist, and settled and married in England.
Lady Abney is mainly remembered as the sponsor of Isaac Watts, who lived in her household for 36 years. He is considered the first notable English hymnologist; he composed original works of Christian worship rather than using phrases from Biblical passages. His famous hymns include "Joy to the World" and "Our God, Our Help in Ages Past". Through this association, Lady Abney became part of a circle of many independent religious thinkers, including Philip Doddridge.
As one of Watts' main benefactors and likely his sole benefactor from 1734 until his death in 1748, Lady Mary enabled his work as a poet and scholar. His texts became standard in the New World as well as in Great Britain. Following Watts' death in 1748, Lady Mary Abney had a memorial to him constructed at Bunhill Fields, which she co-financed with neighbor Sir John Hartopp.
Death and charity.
Following Mary Abney's death in 1750 at the age of 73, she was buried near her brother Thomas Gunston, beneath the chancel of Old Stoke Newington Church. (This is now called St Mary's Old Church and it overlooks today's Clissold Park.)
Her daughter, Elizabeth Abney (c1704-1782), inherited The Manor of Stoke Newington, together with Abney House and Abney Park. She managed the estate, along with another at Tilford in the parish of Farnham, Surrey. Elizabeth Abney died a spinster aged 78 on 20 August 1782. In her will, she directed that her estates be sold and all proceeds be given to Nonconformist charities.
Newington Academy for Girls was a Quaker school established in 1824 in Fleetwood House, the immediate neighbour to Abney House. The students were allowed to use Abney Park. The opening of Abney Park Cemetery gave a new use to Lady Mary's landscaped grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="5953691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953691" title="Eldon Danenhauer">
Eldon Danenhauer

Eldon Danenhauer (born October 4, 1935) was a college and professional American football offensive tackle. He played collegiately at the Pittsburg State University in Pittsburg, Kansas, and professionally in the American Football League with the Denver Broncos from 1960 through 1965. He was an AFL All-Star in 1962 and 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="5953700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953700" title="Xavier Beitia">
Xavier Beitia

Xavier Beitia (born 23 November 1982) is an American football placekicker who last played for the Georgia Force of the Arena Football League (AFL) in 2007. He played college football at Florida State and signed with the New York Jets in 2004 and Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2006. Within NFL Europe, he played for the Berlin Thunder.
High school years.
Beitia attended Jesuit High School of Tampa in Tampa, Florida and kicked for coach Dominic Ciao. While in high school, he participated in the first ever U.S. Army All-American Bowl game in 2000.
College career.
At Florida State, Beitia was well known for having missed a potential game-winning field goal against Miami (Fla.). The kick went wide left as time expired in 2002, in what would continue the bizarre "Wide Right" saga. Beitia's miss at the Miami Orange Bowl was dubbed "Wide Left I," and it affected him openly and deeply.
More than one year later, Beitia missed another field goal in the 2004 Orange Bowl which would have given the Noles the lead with about five minutes left. This would be known as "Wide Right IV". The Miami Hurricanes went on to win that game, 16-14.
Professional career.
In 2004, he signed with the New York Jets. In 2006, Xavier became a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers being used as a punter, but not for field goals. Tampa Bay sent him to NFL Europe that year, where he played for the Berlin Thunder. He was released by Tampa Bay in August 2006. Beitia went on to become a kicker for in the AFL for the Georgia Force, before being waived in May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5953702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953702" title="Team track">
Team track

A team track is a small railroad siding or spur track intended for the use of area merchants, manufacturers, farmers and other small businesses to personally load and unload products and merchandise, usually in smaller quantities. The term "team" refers to the teams of horses or oxen delivering wagon-loads of freight transferred to or from railway cars. Team tracks may be owned by the railroad company or by customers served by the railroad, or by industrial parks or freight terminals that encompass many customers. In some jurisdictions, the operation and construction of team tracks is regulated by legal authorities.
History.
Earliest rail service to an area often provided a team track on railroad-owned property adjacent to the railroad agent's train station. As rail traffic became more established, large-volume shippers extended privately owned spur tracks into mines, factories, and warehouses. Small-volume shippers and shippers with facilities distant from the rail line continued using team tracks into the early part of the 20th century. 
Throughout the mid to latter portion of the 20th century, improved highway systems and abandonment of low-volume rail lines made full-distance truck shipments more practical in North America and avoided delays and damage associated with freight handling during transfer operations. However, as a result of higher fuel costs, greater traffic jams on Interstate Highways, and the growing movement towards sustainable development, there has been recent upward trend towards moving long-distance freight traffic off highways and onto rail lines. This has resulted in local communities and rail lines seeking construction of new team track and intermodal facilities.
Design.
Some railroads publish detailed specifications for the design and construction of many elements of team tracks. For example, the Union Pacific Railroad has standards and guidelines for many aspects of spur track construction including track layout, clearance standards and turnout and switch stand designs.
Generally, team tracks do not have road or pedestrian crossings across them.

</doc>
<doc id="5953706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953706" title="Resava cave">
Resava cave

Resava cave (, also "Resavian cave") is a cave in the eastern part of Serbia.
Location.
The Resavska Cave lies in the eastern Serbia in the vicinity of the town of Despotovac (20 km). The cave is 52 km from the Belgrade-Niš motorway and 152 km from Belgrade.
The cave.
It is the first cave to be prepared for visits in Serbia. The length of the cave totals to 2,850 meters and the tourist paths is 800 m long. The air temperature is 7 °C and the average humidity 80%-100%.
The Resava Cave consists of three floors of passages and halls connected by artificial tunnels and decorated by pillars and coral-like calcite deposits in various colours. Only parts of the first and second floors (Upper and Lower Gallery) have been prepared for visits. An underground river flows through the lowest floor (Third Gallery). The visitor to Resava can tour its numerous halls with different cave ornaments. The cave is very rich in cave ornaments of various shapes and colours and is richer than other tourist caves in the concentration of its decorations.
Tourism.
Tours of the cave last about 40 minutes. The Resava Cave has a permanent guide service. Visiting hours are from 8 a.m. to 6.30 p.m. (from April 1 to October 31) and from November 1 to March 31 between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m.

</doc>
<doc id="5953711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953711" title="Nancy Y. Bekavac">
Nancy Y. Bekavac

Nancy Bekavac was the sixth president of Scripps College and the first woman to hold that position. She began her tenure on July 1, 1990, and concluded it on June 30, 2007. Scripps College is a liberal arts women's college in Claremont, California.
Scripps College.
In 1990 as a result of Scripps alumni pushing for a woman president, Nancy Bekavac became the sixth president of Scripps College. During her tenure, the endowment of Scripps College increased from $57 million to $230 million, student enrollment increased from 630 to 880, and applications doubled to 1,900. Student quality also increased: first-year students now have combined median SAT scores of 1350, up from 1140 in 1991. Scripps also has more National Merit Finalists than any other women's college in the nation.
In 2003, Scripps College Summer Academy began an annual two-week residential program for underserved high school students.
Many changes were made to the physical structure of the campus during Bekavac's tenure. The college's physical plant was extended and improved. In 1994, the Millard Sheets Art Center was opened. In 2000, the Malott Commons was opened for college-wide dining and special
programs. Also in 2000, a new residence hall (Gabrielle Jungels-Winkler Hall) was opened and the former President's House on campus was renamed as the Ellen Clark Revelle House. In 2001, a 25-meter swimming pool was built, and in 2006 ground was broken for the Sallie Tiernan Field House, a recreation and athletic center with a woman-friendly environment. The Field House now accommodates nutrition and health classes and includes workout rooms.
Life.
Born and raised in Clairton, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Pittsburgh, Bekavac was a 1965 graduate of Clairton High School. She graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Swarthmore College in 1969 and from Yale Law School in 1973.
She was one of four Swarthmore College team members on the weekly College Bowl "quiz" show during the 1968-1969 season that defeated competing teams for five consecutive weeks. She was also a Watson Fellow, traveling in South Asia and Eastern Europe. At Yale Law School, she was a classmate of president-to-be Bill Clinton.
She practiced law in Los Angeles, and was a partner at the firm now known as Munger, Tolles & Olson, LLP; she was Director of the Thomas J. Watson Fellowship, and was counselor to the president of Dartmouth College prior to her appointment as president of Scripps College.

</doc>
<doc id="5953717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953717" title="A Toccata of Galuppi's">
A Toccata of Galuppi's

"A Toccata of Galuppi's" is a poem by Robert Browning, originally published in the 1855 collection "Men and Women". The title refers to the fact that the speaker is either playing or listening to a toccata by the 18th-century Venetian composer Baldassare Galuppi. The poem consists of fifteen rhymed tercets; its prevailing meter is trochaic octameter catalectic.
Musical background.
It is not known whether Browning was thinking of any one piece by Galuppi; in Galuppi's time, the terms "toccata" and "sonata" were less clearly differentiated than they later became, and were used interchangeably. A number of Galuppi's sonatas have been suggested as Browning's inspiration, but as Charles van den Borren wrote in "The Musical Times", "every poet has the right to evade the prosaic minutiae of fact", and it is impossible to state with confidence that one Galuppi piece has more claim than another to be the inspiration for the poem.
Commentators have remarked on the musicality of the poem. Browning was trained extensively in music, both in composition and musical theory. Professional musicians and musicologists have been dismissive of his use of musical terms, but the music scholar Deryck Cooke writes of the poet's precise grasp of fine musical detail in this work. David Parkinson identifies "a link between each syllable of the poem and the musical notes of a scale." Stephen H. Ford contends that the whole poem is constructed "on a double octave form". Marc R. Plamondon argues that Browning's subjective interpretation produces "not just a commentary on music, but a complex portrait of the person attempting to interpret the music." The critic Robert C. Schweik argues that the poem does not require the reader to know Galuppi's music, and that Browning does not provide any description of what the music is really like.
Themes.
The poem is written in the first person, but the voice is not that of Browning himself: the speaker, unlike the poet, has never been out of England, and is picturing life in 18th-century Venice through his response to Galuppi's music. Schweik comments that the speaker's remarks on Venice include "typical bits and snatches of commonplace, second-hand information" and "misunderstandings that would be characteristic of an Englishman who really knows very little about Venice." The speaker, more interested in science than the arts, even gives Galuppi the wrong first name ("Baldassaro" for the correct "Baldassare", an error perpetuated by some literary critics).
After the speaker's fanciful and superficial evocation of old Venice, in stanzas I to IX, the voice goes on to muse on the nature of immortality, first of art and then of life itself. In stanza X, the speaker ponders on the deaths of Galuppi's original audiences, and in the following stanzas he contemplates his own mortality. By the final stanza, XV, the speaker has come so far from his original complacency as to have real empathy with the people of 18th-century Venice.
Musical settings.
The poem inspired a 1989 setting, in modern idiom but with musical quotations from Galuppi's works, by the composer Dominick Argento. The singer-songwriter Kris Delmhorst based her song "Galuppi Baladassare", the first track of her 2006 album "Strange Conversation" on the poem, using many of the words and theme as a basis for her own lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="5953738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953738" title="Some of My Best Friends">
Some of My Best Friends

"for the 1971 film, see Some of My Best Friends Are..."
Some of My Best Friends (previously known as Macho Man and Me and Frankie Z) is an American sitcom shown on CBS from February 28 until April 11, 2001. The series was inspired by the film "Kiss Me, Guido".
Synopsis.
"Some of My Best Friends" stars Jason Bateman as Warren, a mild-mannered gay writer living in Greenwich Village, and Danny Nucci as Frankie, his straight (and at first homophobic) roommate. Alec Mapa played Vern, Warren's flamboyant best friend, who lived upstairs from Warren and usually entered Warren's apartment by coming down the fire escape and through a window. Michael DeLuise portrayed Pino, Frankie's dimwitted best friend. Jessica Lundy appeared as Meryl, Warren's sister and the manager of the apartment building. Also seen on a recurring basis were Frankie's parents, Italian restauranteurs Connie (Camille Saviola) and Joe (Joe Grifasi).
Origin.
Creator Tony Vitale grew up in The Bronx and came to the realization that there were two very different worlds which didn't co-mingle. "In the club scene, both communities, gay and straight, co-existed but never really talked to one another. I had friends from both communities and I thought, if both these guys could talk to each other, that could be some exciting, interesting stuff." Vitale took a job at Club Med in the mid-1980s, and befriended his gay boss. "He had the most dynamic personality of anybody I ever met, and I wanted to be like him, but I wanted to be straight and be like him," Vitale said. The two quickly became best friends, and because of their conflicting backgrounds, people described them as ""The Odd Couple"." One day, someone commented, "It would be great if somebody made a sitcom out of you two," which sparked an idea in Vitale's head for a television show.
After sticking his foot in the door of the film world in the early 1990s, Vitale first pitched the concept of the series to executives as a vehicle for John Travolta and Harvey Fierstein, but he was told that a lead gay character on a television series would never fly.
Several weeks later, Vitale happened to watching "The Arsenio Hall Show" when Fierstein came out and announced the show as his upcoming project, with Fierstein playing opposite Andrew Dice Clay. Furious that his idea had been stolen, Vitale threatened legal action and quickly scrambled to get a copyright on the story. The result was "96 Greenwich Street", a one-act play which was first staged at The Village Gate in New York City as part of a festival of short plays. Vitale received a positive response, expanded it to a 2-act play in 1993 and turned it into a screenplay for a film in 1994. The same year, Kevin Smith's "Clerks" had been a highly successful film made on a micro-budget, and Vitale set out to make his film the same way.
By 1996, the story was filmed under the title "Kiss Me, Guido", picked up for distribution by Paramount Pictures and widely released in 1997. Reviews were generally positive, but several critics picked up on its intended television origins. Roger Ebert wrote, "Like a 30-minute sitcom, it acts like you already know all the characters and are just happy to have fresh dialogue. It's as if the deeper issues have been settled in previous episodes. And yet, also like a sitcom, it's kind of fun as it slides past. Here is a movie that was born to play on television." Vitale again tried to get it turned into a TV series, but it wasn't until after "Will & Grace" had become a hit that television executives would finally take him seriously.
Production.
The show wound up at the Axelrod/Widdoes production company, which had previously produced another "Odd Couple" variation titled "Brother's Keeper" in the 1998-99 season. It was there that Vitale was paired with gay sitcom veteran Marc Cherry, with whom he began developing the show.
Casting.
Jason Bateman arrived at Axelrod/Widdoes to pitch a spec script that he'd written, but the producers were more interested in getting him to star as gay lead Warren Fairbanks in their TV series. Bateman did several auditions and readings, but the one person he couldn't impress was CBS president Les Moonves. "I figured it was perfunctory because Les Moonves had been my boss since I was 16. He was running Warner Bros. when I was doing "The Hogan Family". This history wound up working against the actor. "Perhaps he had a bit of a difficult time seeing me as a gay guy, or perhaps he had something completely different in mind, I don't know. But he wanted them to keep looking, and they did, and they entertained a few different people and names and ultimately ended up coming back to me." 
Danny Nucci was approached to play straight Frankie Zito by executive producer Jonathan Axelrod, whose then-wife, actress Illeana Douglas, had worked with Nucci in the 1993 film "Alive". Nucci wasn't doing much television at the time, but he liked the pitch and saw Frankie as a very real character. "I've got a buddy from the Bronx, Joey," said Nucci. "Through the years I've watched him grow from looking at the world this way" — Nucci held his palms close together — "to this," he said, stretching his hands apart. "So he's a great template."
The casting of the Vern character (named "Terry" in earlier incarnations) was trickier, as he was originally written to be played by an overweight white guy. But when petite Asian Alec Mapa came in to audition for the part, he immediately won over Vitale. The problem was nobody else thought the flamboyant actor was right for the show. Mapa was repeatedly called back to audition, but it wasn't until the zero hour that he was finally cast and the character was re-conceived to suit him. It's also worth noting that after the series was canceled, Mapa guest-starred on Cherry's "Desperate Housewives" as a character named Vern; it is unknown if this was intended to be the same character or merely an inside-joke.
Troubled times.
The first tip-off that the series was in trouble came early on when actress Josette DiCarlo, who originally portrayed Frankie's mother in the pilot, was replaced by character-actress Camille Saviola. DiCarlo was cast in the part before Nucci landed the lead, and since then-32 year old Nucci was significantly older than the 24 year old character he was playing, DiCarlo was deemed to young to portray his mother. "I honestly wasn't given any explanation," said DiCarlo, "but during studio audience filming an exec approached me prior to my first scene and said 'YOU'RE Danny's mom?'. I think I knew trouble could ensue."
The next Herculean task was finding a suitable name for the series. ""Kiss Me, Guido" made no sense, because Warren's not trying to get Frankie to kiss him," explained Axelrod. "And "guido", it turns out, was offensive to Italians." Other titles announced were "Macho Man" and "Me and Frankie Z", the latter of which very nearly stuck—the February 2001 issue of "Genre" and the March 2001 issue of "Out" both referred to the show as "Me and Frankie Z"." Bateman also joked that cast and crew had their hearts set on the title "Everybody Loves Rimming".
At the last minute, the show was re-titled "Some of My Best Friends", a name reminiscent of the completely unrelated 1971 film "Some of My Best Friends Are...", and cited as "the worst title" by both of the show's leads. "It's like you're looking in the dustbin," complained Nucci. "Let's find the worst title for a sitcom that's a mouthful and nobody will get." Bateman conceded, saying, "Even if you happen to think of the phrase '"some of my best friends are gay",' and I don't think most people will, that still is not that clever... I can't believe that's the they settled on after looking for one for six months." 
Further complications ensued thanks to Bette Midler's unrelated self-titled sitcom "Bette". In December 2001, Midler went on "Late Show with David Letterman" and publicly denounced her own series, calling it “the lowest thing that ever happened to me in my life.” Ratings of her show were already steadily declining, so CBS made the unwise decision to put "Some of My Best Friends" in her timeslot and push "Bette" back a half-hour in place of "Welcome to New York", which was put on permanent hiatus.
The show finally debuted on February 28, 2001, and ranked number 77 in the weekly Nielsen ratings. After two low-rated weeks on Wednesday nights, the episode "Blah, Blah, Blah" was aired in a high-profile timeslot on Monday night following "Everybody Loves Raymond". It failed to attract a wider audience. Although all seven episodes were scheduled (and rescheduled), the show wound up being pre-empted numerous times due to NCAA college basketball tournament, and ultimately two episodes went unaired during its CBS run. The unaired episodes wouldn't surface in the USA until the show was run sporadically on the gay-themed Logo network a few years later.
Reception.
Critical reaction was mixed, though love it or hate it the majority of TV critics rampantly drew comparisons to the only hit show on the air at the time that featured gay characters, "Will & Grace". The Los Angeles Times' Harry Rosenbaum opened his review with the lines, "First "Will & Grace", now Will & Guido. Just about, anyway." Critic James Enderst similarly stated, "They're "The Odd Couple" of the 21st century. Or "Will & Grace" lite. You decide." New York Daily News critic David Bianculli stated, " Mapa plays Vern as a cross between Sean Hayes' Jack on "Will & Grace" and Suzanne Somers' Chrissy on "Three's Company"." 
On the negative end of the spectrum, many critics denounced the show for being too formulaic. Hal Boedeker of "The Orlando Sentinel" called the show "hopelessly tired and old hat." Rosenbaum similarly stated, "Familiar stereotypes have always earned easy howls, from minstrel shows and old-time burlesque to political cartoons that deploy exaggeration as parody. The especially obnoxious ones ultimately fail when the multitudes realize their humor is not only hollow but at times twisted and even dangerous." Mapa later lashed back at that review in "The Advocate" saying, "I was totally slammed in the straight press... The "L.A. Times" called my portrayal 'dangerous.' But everyone in the gay community totally got it, because it takes one to know one."
On the flipside, many reviews were favorable, as were the critiques of the leads. The Pittsburgh Post Gazette's Rob Owen stated, ""Some of My Best Friends" trades on every Italian and gay stereotype possible, but it manages to make these zingers seem fresh thanks to strong performances from Bateman and Nucci." The New York Times' Neil Genzlinger misleading opened saying the show was "shameless in its use of hoary stereotypes. It brazenly reduces gay people, Italian people, Asian people and aging married people to caricatures in the interests of good ratings and corporate profits," but he then concluded, "It's often pretty darned funny."

</doc>
<doc id="5953742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953742" title="Eduard Ingris">
Eduard Ingris

Eduard Ingriš () (February 11, 1905 – January 11, 1991) was a Czech-American composer, photographer, conductor and adventurer.
Born in Zlonice in Bohemia (then-Austro-Hungary, now Czech Republic), Ingriš left Czechoslovakia in 1947 for South America, living in Brazil and Peru. In 1955 and 1959 he organized the Kantuta and Kantuta II raft voyages and sailed across the Pacific, in similar style to Thor Heyerdahl's Kon-tiki.
While Ingriš' travels spanned the globe and his talents led him through several careers, his first love was always music. He wrote the first arrangement of the famous "Beer Barrel Polka", after Jaromír Vejvoda came upon the melody and sought Ingriš' help in refining it. This was shortly before the outbreak of World War II. The piece was brought to England by Czech pilots flying for the Royal Air Force, became an overnight hit there, and subsequently was popularized in America.
Ingriš received degrees from the Charles University in Prague and the Prague Conservatory. He composed about 1,000 works, including forty-eight operettas and musical comedies, full opera and symphonies. At nineteen he composed the operetta "The Capricious Mirror", which played five years in Prague — a record-setting of 1,600 performances (surpassing records of New York's Broadway). He directed the Symphony Orchestra of Prague and scored 11 European movies. He also conducted the National Symphony Orchestra of Peru.
As a camera man, Ingriš worked for film studios in Czechoslovakia, Germany,and Peru. He filmed a series of thirteen travel and adventure films for the American Production Company, Hollywood. For Movius Productions (Hollywood), he filmed "Jungle Sabotage", a movie starring Pilar Pallete, wife of actor John Wayne. He assisted author Ernest Hemingway in filming "The Old Man and the Sea", based upon Hemingway's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel. He also wrote music to another film, produced by Steel Productions in Hollywood, called "The Gallant One".
Ingriš' own high adventure films "From High C's to High Seas", depicting his two balsa raft expeditions across the Pacific, "Untamed Amazon" and "Sailing the South Seas" of his return voyage on a ketch from Tahiti to Lima, Peru, are scored with his own compositions, and were personally presented on lecture tours for several years throughout USA, Canada and Hawaii and later transferred to videos.
Ingriš resided at South Lake Tahoe, California where he died in 1991 at age 86. His remains were moved to his native village, Zlonice.

</doc>
<doc id="5953760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953760" title="Teodor Regedziński">
Teodor Regedziński

Teodor (Theodor, Theodore) Regedziński (Regedzinski, Reger) (28 April 1894 – 2 August 1954) was a Polish chess master.
Biography.
Born Polish (near Łódź), Regedziński was of German origin as his father, named Reger. He had lived in Łódź since 1908, enrolling in the Łódź Association of Devotees of the Game of Chess. In 1912, he took 2nd, behind Gersz Salwe, in an unofficial city championship. During World War I, he was temporarily detained by the Austrians but was released in 1916. In 1917 he took 3rd in the club championship. In 1918 and 1919 he finished first. 
He participated in all four pre-war editions of the Polish Chess Championship. In 1926, he tied for 3rd-7th, behind Dawid Przepiórka, and Paulin Frydman, at Warsaw (1st POL–ch). In 1927, he took 4th, behind Rubinstein, Ksawery Tartakower, and Kazimierz Makarczyk, at Łódź (2nd POL–ch). In 1927, he won at Kecskemét. In 1930, Regedzinski lost a match against Makarczyk (+2 –3 =3) at Łódź. In 1930, he tied for 2nd-3rd, with Jakub Kolski, behind Izaak Appel, at Łódź. In 1930, he took 8th at Štubnianské Teplice. The event was won by Andor Lilienthal, though Regedzinski defeated him in their individual game. In 1933, he won a Polish pre-Olympic tournament. In 1935, he tied for 8th-9th at Łódź. In 1935, he tied for 10th-11th in the 3rd Polish Championship at Warsaw. In 1937, he tied for 7th-8th in the 4th Polish Championship, which was an open tournament, at Jurata. The event was won by Tartakower, ahead of Gideon Stahlberg, and Mieczysław Najdorf. In 1938, he took 13th at Łódź. In 1939, he won a Pomeranian championship.
Regedziński was a member of Polish team at four Chess Olympiads (1928, 1933, 1937, 1939) and at 3rd unofficial Chess Olympiad at Munich 1936. At the 2nd Chess Olympiad in The Hague 1928, he scored 10/13 (+8 –1 =4) receiving third prize for best individual result (no board order was known those days). In 1933, he played at third board (+2 –1 =4) at 5th Chess Olympiad in Folkestone. At the unofficial Olympiad in Munich 1936, where Polish team took silver medal, he played at third board (+9 –2 =7). In 1937, he reached his all-time peak scoring 11/13 (+10 –1 =2) to win second prize for best result at reserve board and third best overall result at the 7th Chess Olympiad in Stockholm. In 1939, he played at fourth board, winning the individual bronze medal (+6 –3 =4) at the 8th Chess Olympiad in Buenos Aires.
During World War II, he had played - as Theodore Reger - in a number of tournaments, including the 7th German Chess Championship at Bad Oeynhausen 1940, where he finished 10th. In October 1941, he took 6th at the 2nd General Government chess tournament in Kraków/Warsaw (Alexander Alekhine and Paul Felix Schmidt won). Because of his linguistic skills (he spoke Polish, German, Russian, English and French), he was appointed by the German Army as an interpreter.
After the end of World War II he returned to Łódź, was arrested by the newly appointed communist authorities and sentenced for collaboration with the fascist regime to serve four years in a labour camp. Years spent in prison broke his health and his life. In the late 1940s he became active once again, though he devoted most of his time spent on chess for work as a chess activist. In 1952 he managed to win the championship of Łódź once again and took 5th in the 10th Polish Championship at Katowice.

</doc>
<doc id="5953761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953761" title="Old Puget Sound Beach RFC">
Old Puget Sound Beach RFC

The Old Puget Sound Beach RFC (OPSB) is a rugby union club based in Seattle, and was a charter member of the now-defunct USA Super League in the Pacific Coast USA Rugby territory. The club travels extensively throughout the US and into Canada. OPSB is also well known for its 7s program with four National Titles in its recent history. The club was recently ranked as the #1 USA Men's club despite spending the 2014 season playing in a second-tier Canadian league based in British Columbia.
History.
The Old Puget Sound Beach Rugby Football Club of Seattle, WA, US, played its first game in the fall of 1971. New jerseys had been ordered for this offshoot of the University of Washington team, but they had not arrived. Fortunately, a team member was spending his days as an intern at the University of Washington Medical School and the lads took the field garbed in pale green surgical gowns.
Such a freewheeling start was in keeping with the anti-establishment aura of the club started by Kenny Wrights, Jeff Corkill, Will Jacobs and other graduate and professional students at the University of Washington. There was no coach, practices were infrequent and the position of captain was passed around from game to game.
The approach was successful from the start. Playing in the Vancouver Rugby Union’s second division, OPSB took first place. The club then defeated the University of Victoria to become the best second-division team in all of British Columbia for the 1971-1972 season.
OPSB played in the Vancouver Rugby Union first division for one year before moving on to the Fraser Valley Rugby Union, made up mostly of teams south of Vancouver and closer to Seattle. In 1973-1974, ten of Beach Dogs made the Fraser Valley Representative Side. In 1974-1975, Kirk Jones was chosen the most outstanding player in the FVRU. In 1975-1976, OPSB was the top team in the Union and won the International Invitational Rugby Mudball and Montlake Dump tournament held at the University of Washington.
The Western Washington Rugby Football Union (WWRFU) was formed in the summer of 1976 and OPSB won both the first and second division championships. Eight OPSB players were on the first WWRFU Representative Side. OPSB won the next Mudball tournament, making it two in a row for the Beach Dogs and the first American side to successfully defend the title.
In the 1977-1978 season, Ian Gunn, OPSB fly half, was on the United States Cougar team that toured South Africa, and Wayne Means, Beach hooker, was selected to the Pacific Coast Grizzly Representative Side. The growth and success of the club led to the addition of a coach in 1978 with Sid Batt, a member of the United States Coaching Committee, taking on those duties. OPSB was again champion of the Western Washington RFU in the 1978-1979 season and went on to win the Pacific Northwest Union title.
The fall of 1979 saw several noteworthy events in the history of the club. For the first time the club field three sides. The first division side lost only one game, the finals in the Abbotsford, B.C., Tourney to the University of British Columbia. The second side also dropped only one game. Fourteen players were selected to the 25-man WWFRU Representative Side.
The 1980-1981 season saw OPSB runs its first division championship string to five straight and its second division string to two. The club avenged the loss in Abbotsford by taking the title from UBC. OPSB was, for the third straight year, Pacific Northwest Club Champions and participated in the National Club Championships. An even dozen Beach Dogs were selected to the WWRFU Ravens, and Ian Gunn, Wim Vanderspek, Scotty Williams and Dave Carpenter were selected to the Pacific Coast Grizzlies. Peter Wood was chosen to play for the U.S.A. against Italy and Fiji.
Pat Simmons, ex Rosslyn Park and former England squad member, appear on the local scene in the spring of 1980. In an incredible couple of months, he played for the WWRFU Ravens, the Pacific Northwest Loggers, with OPSB in the Pacific Northwest Championships in Portland, Ore., with OPSB in the West Coast Club Championships in San Francisco and with the Pacific Coast Grizzly side against Wales B in Bellingham, WA. Pat agreed to take on the coaching job in the fall of 1980 and guided OPSB to repeat titles in the first and second divisions of the WWRFU.
In 1981, Pat became coach for the WWRFU Ravens and was a selector for the Pacific Northwest Loggers. In 1982, Pat coached the Loggers to victory over the Canada-West National Side and became a selector for the West Coast Grizzly Rep Side. In the fall of 1981, OPSB was lucky enough to obtain the services of Dai Davies, a Welsh exchange teacher, as coach. Dai was a senior level coach in his native country and returned to Wales in 1982.
OPSB toured New Zealand and Fiji with two teams in 1982 and returned with 3 wins, 3 losses and 2 ties. Six OPSB players – David Carpenter, Arlie French, Ian Gunn, Bruce Palmer, Scotty Williams and Peter Wood – were chosen to play for the U.S. Cougars against England in 1982.
Rick Ristau, ex University of Washington rugby coach and OPSB Old Boy, stepped up to the coaching job for the 1982-1983 and 1983-1984 seasons. OPSB won the first division of the WWRFU but lost to Old Blues, the eventual national champions, in the Pacific Coast Club Championships.
The 1983-1984 season was disheartening. Beach won more games than any other team in the Union, but was later disqualified for playing an ineligible player. This was the first year since the formation of the Union that OPSB was not the WWRFU Champion. Beach did win the Portland Tournament that year.
For the 1984-1985 season, player/coach Gene McCarthy Ramrodded the Beach Dogs to the Washington State Rugby Union (WSRU) Championship, the Pacific Northwest Championship, fifth in the Pacific Coast Championship, third in the San Diego Tournament and second in the Portland Tournament. Ted Oczkowski and Rich Morgan were chosen as Pacific Coast Junior Grizzlies and Jay Herron was selected as a Grizzle B player.
Coach “Gino” had quite an outstanding playing history. He played for Blackrock College, Ireland; Napier Marist in New Zealand; London Irish in England. He had been selected for Middlesex County and London Counties Rep Sides in England as well as Connaught Province Side in Ireland. McCarthy continued as coach in 1985-1986 and led the Beach Dogs to the Washington State Rugby Football Union Championship, Pacific Northwest Championship, fifth in the Pacific Coast Championships, second in the Portland Tournament. The second XV won the open division of the Portland Tournament.
In 1986-1987, ex Overlake School rugby coach and OPSB Old Boy Jeff Docter took over coaching duties for the club. The team placed third in the Aspen Tournament in Colorado.
The club continued its success in the local union, winning championship in 1988, 1989, 1990 and 1991.
This period also saw the rise of OPSB as a Sevens power as the club won the National Sevens Championships in 1988, 1990, 1991 and 1992. The club won its fifth National Sevens Championship in 2010.
In 1996, OPSB became a charter member of the Rugby Super League (RSL). From the RSL website: “The league was created by the management of 14 of the best rugby organizations in the United States. The hope was to create a high level, national rugby competition in America.”
Considered the premier division of men's rugby in the United States, the Super League has 14 teams in 11 major markets across the US. OPSB started RSL play in 1997 in the Western-Pacific Conference against such teams as Belmont Shore (CA), the Denver Barbarians, the Gentlemen of Aspen and the Old Blues and OMBAC in California. It was tough competition and lots of travel. OPSB did not win a RSL game until the 2000 season when it went 4-3 and finished fourth in the Western Division. For the next two year, OPSB won one game a season and then finished 3-4 in 2003. But the club’s 5-2 record in 2004 was good enough for third place in the Red Conference. Another winning season (4-3) followed in 2005.
In 2010, OPSB finished the regular RSL season at 3-3 and got into the finals for the first time, losing 38-29 in the quarterfinals to New York Athletic Club, the eventual champions.

</doc>
<doc id="5953763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953763" title="Union Navy">
Union Navy

The Union Navy is the label applied to the United States Navy (USN) during the American Civil War, to contrast it from its direct opponent, the Confederate States Navy (CSN). The term is sometimes used carelessly to include vessels of war used on the rivers of the interior while they were actually under the control of the United States Army, referred to in the same fashion as the Union Army.
Primary missions.
The primary missions of the Union Navy were:
Transformation.
To accomplish these, the Union Navy had to undergo a profound transformation, both technical and institutional. During the war, sailing vessels were completely supplanted by ships propelled by steam for purposes of combat. Vessels of widely differing character were built from the keel up in response to peculiar problems they would encounter. Wooden hulls were at first protected by armor plating, and soon were replaced by iron or steel throughout. Guns were reduced in number, but increased in size and range; the reduction in number was partially compensated by mounting the guns in rotating turrets that could fire in any direction. 
The institutional changes that were introduced during the war were equally significant. The Bureau of Steam Engineering was added to the bureau system, testimony to the Navy's conversion from sail to steam. Most important from the standpoint of Army-Navy cooperation in joint operations, the set of officer ranks was redefined so that each rank in the Army had its equivalent in the Navy. The establishment of the ranks of admirals implied also a change of naval doctrine, from one favoring single-ship operations to that of employing whole fleets.
The ships.
At the start of the war, the Union Navy had 42 ships in commission. Another 48 were laid up and listed as available for service as soon as crews could be assembled and trained, but few were appropriate for the task at hand. Most were sailing vessels, some were hopelessly outdated, and one () served on Lake Erie and could not be moved to the ocean. During the course of the war, the number in commission was increased by more than a factor 15, so that at the end the Navy had 671 vessels. 
Even more significant than the increase in raw numbers was the variety of ship types that were represented, some of forms that had not been seen previously in naval war anywhere. The nature of the conflict, much of which took place in the interior of the continent or in rather shallow harbors along the coast, meant that vessels designed for use on the open seas were less useful than more specialized ships. To confront the forms of combat that actually came about, the federal government developed a new type of warship, the monitor, based on the original, USS "Monitor". The Navy took over a class of armored river gunboats created for the Army, but designed by naval personnel, the Eads gunboats. So-called double-enders were produced to maneuver in the confined waters of the rivers and harbors. The Union Navy experimented with submarines before the Confederacy produced its famed CSS "Hunley"; the result, USS "Alligator" failed primarily because of lack of suitable targets. Building on Confederate designs, the Union Navy produced and used torpedo boats, small vessels that mounted spar torpedoes and were forerunners of both the modern torpedo and destroyer type of warship.
Because of haste in their design and construction, most of the vessels taken into the Navy in this period of rapid expansion incorporated flaws that would make them unsuitable for use in a permanent system of defense. Accordingly, at the end of the war, most of them were soon stricken from the service rather than being mothballed. The number of ships at sea fell back to its prewar level.
In total, the Union Navy had 84,415 personnel. The Union Navy suffered 6,233 total casualties with 4,523 deaths from all causes. 2,112 Union sailors were killed by enemy action and 2,411 died by disease or injury. The Union Navy suffered 1,710 personnel wounded in action, injured, or disabled by disease.
The institution.
The highest rank available to an American naval officer when the war began was that of captain. (The Confederate constitution provided for the rank of admiral, but it was to be awarded for valor in battle. No Confederate officer was made admiral until Franklin Buchanan was named such after the Battle of Hampton Roads.) This created problems when many ships had to operate together, with no clearly established chain of command. Even worse, when the Navy worked with the Army in joint operations, the customary rank equivalency between the two services meant that the naval captain, equivalent to an army colonel, would always be inferior to every army general present. After the existing arrangement had been used for the first year of the war, the case was made that the interests of the nation would be better served by organizing the Navy along lines more like that of the Royal Navy of Great Britain. A set of officer ranks was established in the summer of 1862 that precisely matched the set of Army ranks. The most visible change was that henceforth some individuals would be designated commodore, rear admiral, vice admiral, and finally admiral, all new formal ranks, and equivalent to, respectively, brigadier general, major general, lieutenant general, and general.
A doctrinal shift took place at the same time. Prior to the war, the United States Navy emphasized single-ship operations, but the nature of the conflict soon made use of whole fleets necessary. Already at the Battle of Port Royal (7 November 1861), 77 vessels, including 19 warships, were employed. This was the largest naval expedition that had ever sailed under the American flag, but the record did not stand for long. Subsequent operations at New Orleans, Mobile, and several positions in the interior confirmed the importance of large fleets in modern naval operations.
The system of naval bureaus was revised in the summer of 1862. Some of the older bureaus were rearranged or had their names altered. The most radical change was the creation of the Bureau of Steam Engineering. Its existence was testimony to the fact that the U.S. Navy would no longer rely upon the winds to propel its ships. More was involved in this decision than meets the eye, as the necessity of maintaining coaling stations around the globe meant that the nation had to rethink its attitude toward colonialism.
The blockade.
The blockade of all ports in the seceded states was proclaimed by President Abraham Lincoln on 19 April 1861, one of the first acts of his administration following the bombardment of Fort Sumter. It existed mostly on paper in the early days of the conflict, but became increasingly tighter as it continued. Although the blockade was never perfect, it contributed to the isolation of the South and hastened the devaluation of its currency.
For administration of the blockade, the Navy was divided into four squadrons: the North Atlantic, South Atlantic, East Gulf, and West Gulf Blockading Squadrons. (A fifth squadron, the Mississippi River Squadron, was created in late 1862 to operate in the Vicksburg campaign and its consequences; it was not involved with the blockade.)
Invasion.
Two early invasions of the South were meant primarily to improve the blockade, and then led to further actions. Following the capture of Cape Hatteras, much of eastern North Carolina was soon occupied by the Union Army. The easy success in North Carolina was not repeated after the seizure of Port Royal in South Carolina, as determined resistance prevented significant expansion of the beachhead there. Charleston did not fall until the last days of the war. The later capture of Fernandina, Florida was intended from the start to provide a southern anchor for the Atlantic blockade. It led to the capture of Jacksonville and the southern sounds of Georgia, but this was not part of a larger scheme of conquest. It reflected mostly a decision by the Confederate government to retire from the coast, with the exception of a few major ports. Late in the war, Mobile Bay was taken by fleet action, but there was no immediate attempt to take Mobile itself.
The capture of New Orleans was only marginally connected with the blockade, as New Orleans was already pretty well sealed off. It was important, however, for several other reasons. The passage of the forts below the city by Farragut's fleet showed that fixed fortifications could not defend against a fleet that was powered by steam, so it was crucial for the emergence of the Navy as equal to the Army in national defense. It also demonstrated the possibility of attacking the Confederacy along the line of the Mississippi River, and thus was an important, even vital, predecessor of the campaign that ultimately split the Confederacy. Finally, it cast doubt on the ability of the Confederacy to defend itself, and thus gave European nations reason not to grant diplomatic recognition. 
The final important naval action of the war was the second assault on Fort Fisher, at the mouth of the Cape Fear River in North Carolina. It was one of the few actions of the war on the coast in which the Army and Navy cooperated fully. The capture of the fort sealed off Wilmington, the last Confederate port to remain open. The death of the Confederacy followed in a little more than three months.
The battles.
Inland Waters.
Not included in this list are several incidents in which the Navy took part more or less incidentally. These include Shiloh and Malvern Hill. They are not put on the list because naval personnel were not involved in planning or preparation for the battle.

</doc>
<doc id="5953780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953780" title="Stopića Cave">
Stopića Cave

Stopića cave () is a cave in the western part of Serbia.
Location.
The Stopica cave lies along the northern piedmont of Mt. Zlatibor in the village of Rožanstvo. The Užice - Sirogojno road passes over the cave.
The cave.
The total length of the cave is 1,662 m and the tourist path is 1,615 m long. The cave consists of two caverns - an underground river course channel and a spring cave, connected by the underground flow of the Trnavski Stream. The entrance to the cave lies on a limestone cliff at a height of 711 m.
Five natural entities are differentiated. During high waters, the entire bottom of the Main Passage is flooded. The Stopića cave is poor in ornaments as it is still an active river cave.

</doc>
<doc id="5953781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953781" title="Copeland Park">
Copeland Park

Copeland Park, also referred to as "The Lumber Yard," is a stadium in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It is primarily used for baseball, and is the home field of the La Crosse Loggers baseball team. The current stadium was built in 2003, although a substantially smaller baseball diamond existed at the site prior to the construction of the new ballpark. At the time of its construction, the stadium held approximately 2,000 people; however, the success of the Loggers prompted expansions to the grandstand, bringing the capacity to its current 3,550 people. The field dimensions are 325 ft. to left field, 365 ft. to center, and 315 ft. to right.
Future.
On May 10, 2012 the La Crosse Loggers and University of Wisconsin-La Crosse athletic department announced a partnership to allow for the UW-La Crosse baseball team to play at Copeland Park. In exchange, the venue will see upgrades of an artificial turf infield, a videoboard addition to the scoreboard in left field and batting cages. UW-La Crosse is expected to begin playing at Copeland Park in 2014.
Notable events.
Copeland Park hosted the 2006 Northwoods League All-Star Game on July 12, 2006. The North Division defeated the South Division 3-2 in 11 innings in front of 3,413 fans, the second-largest crowd in the game's history.

</doc>
<doc id="5953788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953788" title="Erik Pappas">
Erik Pappas

Erik Daniel Pappas (born April 25, 1966 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former professional baseball player who played for the Chicago Cubs and St. Louis Cardinals. 
Pappas, a former St. Louis Cardinals catcher, begins his second season as a coach in the Cardinals system, he will serve as the Springfield Cardinals Hitting Coach for the 2014 season. Pappas spent the 2012 campaign as the Hitting Coach for the Peoria Chiefs (Low-A). Prior to joining the Cardinals ranks, Pappas spent 2006-12 at the Cangelosi Baseball Academy in Orland Park, Illinois, while also serving as a scout for the Texas Rangers from 2005-09.
He appeared in 8 games for the Cubs during the 1991 season and appeared in a total of 97 games for the Cardinals during 1993 and 1994 seasons. During the 1993 season, he had one home run and 28 RBIs. 
A catcher, Pappas played in a total of 104 games with a .242 batting average in his Major League Baseball career. Pappas, who is of Greek ancestry, was selected to play for the Greek national baseball team in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
Pappas currently resides in the Beverly neighborhood in Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="5953789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953789" title="Pride of Baghdad">
Pride of Baghdad

Pride of Baghdad is a graphic novel written by Brian K. Vaughan and illustrated by Niko Henrichon released by DC Comics' Vertigo imprint on September 13, 2006. The story is a fictionalized account of the true story of four African lions that escaped from the Baghdad Zoo after an American bombing in 2003. The book won the IGN award for best original graphic novel in 2006.
Plot.
The story revolves around the brief freedom experienced by a small pride of captive lions, who escape from Baghdad Zoo during the 2003 invasion of Baghdad by the U.S.-led coalition. As the lions roam the streets of Baghdad trying to survive, each lion comes to embody a different viewpoint regarding the Iraq War.
Production.
Speaking on the decision to publish "Pride of Baghdad" as a single volume rather than the more common serial form, Vaughan stated "I wanted readers to experience the suddenness with which these animals' lives were changed and that worked much better in a story that can be read in one sitting...the learning curve for writing a 136-page self-contained novel was steep, but I'm thrilled with how it turned out."
Reception.
IGN named "Pride of Baghdad" the Best Original Graphic Novel of 2006, calling it a "modern classic", and commenting that the book "can be enjoyed on several levels. Those wanting a 'simple' tale of survival and family will find that. Those wanting a powerful, gripping analogy of war will find that as well. Writer Brian K. Vaughan was also careful to avoid pinpointing any one particular viewpoint - each lion represents a different attitude, which is refreshing since many books do not allow that choice. Featuring stunning artwork by Niko Henrichon, there is no way any comic book reader should pass up this graphic novel." Dorkgasm described it as "one of the most poignant anthropomorphic stories since Animal Farm."

</doc>
<doc id="5953796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953796" title="Fray Tormenta">
Fray Tormenta

Sergio Gutiérrez Benítez (born May 29, 1945) is a Mexican priest who supported an orphanage for 23 years as a lucha libre wrestler. While performing, he wore a red and yellow mask and used the ring name Fray Tormenta. He made only sporadic in-ring appearances in the 2000s before retiring completely from wrestling in July 2011, but still wears his mask even in his duties as a priest. Fray Tormenta means "Friar Storm" in English.
Biography.
Sergio Gutiérrez Benítez was born to José Gutiérrez García and Emilia Benítez on February 5, 1945, in San Agustín Metzquititlán, Hidalgo as the sixteenth of their seventeen children. He had long been inspired to become a masked luchador after watching two 1963 Mexican films, "El Señor Tormenta" (Mister Storm) and "Tormenta En El Ring" (Storm In The Ring) both of which featured the story of a poor Mexican priest who supported the children of his orphanage by fighting as a lucha libre wrestler at night. At age 22, Gutiérrez, at the time a drug addict and alcoholic, became interested in the priesthood and was inducted into the Piarists Order. His theological training took him to Rome, and then Spain, and for a while he taught philosophy and history at Roman Catholic universities in Mexico. He later became a secular priest in the Diocese of Texcoco, where he founded an orphanage named "La Casa Hogar de los Cachorros de Fray Tormenta", which would serve as the home of 270 children. In need of money to take care of the children, the father became the masked wrestler known as Fray Tormenta. During that time he never let anyone know of his identity as a priest, explaining ""No one would have taken me seriously as a wrestler had they known I was a priest.""
In 1991, French filmmakers made a movie loosely based on his life called "L'Homme au masque d'or" ("The Man In The Golden Mask") starring Jean Reno.
In 2006, American film maker Jared Hess made another film loosely based on the story of Fray Tormenta called "Nacho Libre", starring Jack Black. The Paramount film was produced by Jack Black, Mike White, and David Klawans.
In 2007, Fray Tormenta appeared in the film "Padre Tormenta" as a priest who dons the luchador's mask and enters the ring to raise funds for the orphanage he directs.
Currently, Fray Tormenta stars as a supporting character in the Mexican comic book series "Místico: El Principe de Plata y Oro" as a mentor to the lucha libre wrestler Místico.
In real life, although Fray Tormenta is now retired from professional wrestling he still works at the orphanage as a priest, and has inspired one of his children to take up his mantle so that the legend of Fray Tormenta can live on. The masked wrestler, whose real name is unknown, calls himself Fray Tormenta Jr. Although semi-retired from wrestling since 2001, he still wrestled occasionally and on January 11, 2011 won his second "Lucha de Apuesta", by defeating Bugambilia, Super Crazy, X-Fly, Bestia 666 and Boy Danger, to win Bugambilia's hair. On July 3, 2011, Tormenta teamed with El Pantera and Solar to defeat Black Terry, Negro Navarro and Scorpio, Jr. at International Wrestling Revolution Group's "Festival de las Mascaras". After the match Gutiérrez announced that he had wrestled his final match. On June 20, 2012, Tormenta made an appearance for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), officially giving his blessing to the second incarnation of Místico.
Characters based on Fray Tormenta.
The videogame characters King from "Tekken", Crasher Wake from "Pokémon", Tizoc from "Fatal Fury", Leon from "F-Zero", and Greco from "Chrono Cross" were inspired by his story, as was the movie "Nacho Libre".

</doc>
<doc id="5953798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953798" title="Athletic Park (Wausau)">
Athletic Park (Wausau)

Athletic Park is a baseball stadium in Wausau, Wisconsin. It was the home of the Wausau Timbers of the Midwest League until 1990. It is the home field of the Wisconsin Woodchucks baseball team of the Northwoods League. It was built in 1936. Additions include a roof in 1950, concessions in 1977, and clubhouses in 1981. It holds 3,850 people. In August 2013, the old grandstand was torn down and replaced with a handicap acceassable one, including an elevator to the 3 levels. The new stadium opened May 30, 2014 for the Woodchucks home opener, which they lost, 6-4. Unlike most stadiums, Athletic Park has no parking lot. Edgar Martinez also played here a short time. Athletic Park was also the home of Wausau East, Wausau West, and Wausau Newman high school baseball teams in the 90's. Between the 2013 and 2014 seasons, the ballpark experienced large revisions as the new owner, Katie Peterson, expanded the seating to hold 7,000.

</doc>
<doc id="5953816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953816" title="Dick Putz Field">
Dick Putz Field

Dick Putz Field is a stadium in St. Cloud, Minnesota. It is primarily used for baseball, and is the former home of the St Cloud Rox of the defunct Class C Northern Lg and also the St. Cloud River Bats baseball team. They currently play at Joe Faber Field. It was built in 1971. It holds 2,200 people. Dick Putz Field, along with Joe Faber Field, co-hosts the Minnesota State High School League Class AA state baseball tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="5953818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953818" title="Chris Resop">
Chris Resop

Christopher "Chris" Paul Resop (born November 4, 1982) is an American professional baseball right-handed pitcher who is currently a free agent
Early life.
Resop graduated from Barron G. Collier High School in 2001.
Professional career.
Florida Marlins.
Resop, who grabs his crotch after solid contact, was drafted by the Florida Marlins in the 4th round of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft.
In , Resop made his major league debut. He continued to play for the Marlins in .
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
He was traded to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim for Kevin Gregg on December 20, 2006.
Atlanta Braves.
Resop was claimed off waivers by the Atlanta Braves on October 25, 2007.
In an extra-inning game against the Pittsburgh Pirates on April 3, 2008, Resop pitched a third of an inning and allowed two walks in the top of the 10th inning. Manager Bobby Cox then brought in left-handed pitcher Royce Ring to face left-handed batter Adam LaRoche and substituted Resop for Matt Diaz in left field. After Ring struck out LaRoche, Gregor Blanco came in to play left and Resop returned to the mound in place of Ring. He subsequently allowed an RBI single to Xavier Nady and earned the loss as the Pirates won 4–3.
On May 28, Resop was designated for assignment by the Braves. He was later assigned to the Richmond Braves of the International League.
Hanshin Tigers.
On July 7, the Braves sold Resop's contract to the Hanshin Tigers of the Japanese Central League.
Return to Braves.
Resop resigned with the Braves prior to the season.
He was called up on June 15, 2010, after 13 starts in Triple A. In 73.1 innings, he recorded a 1.84 ERA while allowing 46 hits, 27 walks, and striking out 81 batters. He held batters to a .183 average.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On August 4, 2010, Resop was claimed off waivers by the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Oakland Athletics.
On November 30, 2012, Resop was traded to the Oakland Athletics for Zach Thornton. He was designated for assignment on May 17, 2013.
Boston Red Sox.
Resop signed a minor league deal with the Boston Red Sox in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5953824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953824" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gatineau">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gatineau

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gatineau () is situated in the province of Quebec. Its ecclesiastical province includes the suffragan dioceses of Amos, Mont-Laurier and Rouyn-Noranda. It is currently led by Archbishop Paul-André Durocher. 
As of 2006, the archdiocese contains 61 parishes, 47 active diocesan priests, 29 religious priests, and 231,000 Catholics. It also has 202 women religious, and 39 religious brothers.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops and archbishops of Gatineau and their terms of service:
History.
The archdiocese was founded in 1963 as the "Diocese of Hull", within the ecclesiastical province of Ottawa and with territory taken from the Archdiocese of Ottawa. Its name was changed in 1982 to "Diocese of Gatineau-Hull". In 1990, the diocese was raised to the rank of a metropolitan see as the "Archdiocese of Gatineau-Hull". Its current name was established in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5953826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953826" title="Urmi">
Urmi

Urmi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5953845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953845" title="James Sloyan">
James Sloyan

James Joseph Sloyan (born February 24, 1940 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is an American actor.
Early years.
Sloyan left the United States at an early age to live abroad in Rome, Capri, Milan, Switzerland, and Ireland. Sloyan's career in show-business began upon his return to the United States, in 1957, where Sloyan received a scholarship to the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. Sloyan's acting career was interrupted in 1962, when he was drafted into the United States Army during its operations in Vietnam.
Television career.
Sloyan's television career has included brief performances on day-time dramas "The Young and the Restless" and "Ryan's Hope", and guest appearances on such prime-time series as "Baywatch", "Quantum Leap", "The X-Files", "MacGyver", "Party of Five", "Matlock", and "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman", among numerous others. In addition, he appeared in the television movies "Billionaire Boys Club" and "My Son Is Innocent".
Sloyan has also appeared in a number of science fiction television series, including "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century", in which he portrayed Barnard "Barney" Smith in the episode "The Plot to Kill a City", as well as several roles in the "Star Trek" franchise. In ', he portrayed Alidar Jarok (a defecting Romulan admiral) in "The Defector", and Alexander Rozhenko (Worf's son) as an adult in the future, in "". In ', he portrayed the Bajoran scientist and Odo's "father" in the episodes "The Begotten" and "The Alternate". The "" episode entitled "Jetrel" featured Sloyan as the title character.
<br clear=left>
Film career.
Sloyan is featured in the opening sequence of "The Sting". "Mottola", Sloyan's character, was used to illustrate the concept of a "griftee" in the film, having been "cleaned by two grifters" who "...tied into Character on 47th...played the switch for him, then blew him off to a cab on 49th." Sloyan's character in the movie was eventually murdered by the film's antagonist.
He has also played roles in "The Traveling Executioner" (1970), "The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight" (1971), and "Xanadu" (1980).
Commercial career.
Sloyan has been used as a voice-over actor for Sprint Nextel long distance services, and in film trailers for movies such as "Jumper", "The Shadow" and "How to Make an American Quilt".
Sloyan was also "the voice of Lexus", having performed voice-overs in American television advertisements for Lexus (a division of Toyota Motor Corporation), since the make's introduction to the American market.
In 2009, he was replaced as the "voice of Lexus" by actor James Remar. Sloyan now voices ads for Mitsubishi.

</doc>
<doc id="5953849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953849" title="Old Mission Beach Athletic Club RFC">
Old Mission Beach Athletic Club RFC

Old Mission Beach Athletic Club Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team based in San Diego, California. OMBAC RFC is directly affiliated with the Old Mission Beach Athletic Club. The rugby team plays at The Little Q Rugby Field, adjacent to Qualcomm Stadium (hence the name).
History.
Founded in 1954 by Mike Curren and other members of the San Diego community, The Old Mission Beach Athletic Club (OMBAC) is the parent affiliation of OMBAC Rugby Football Club. The Athletic Club has approximately 500 active members and supports numerous athletic, social and charitable associations.
OMBAC began sponsoring a rugby team in 1966. The club was founded by several OMBAC members who also played rugby and wanted to have a San Diego team. Fed by alumni members of the SDSU rugby team, OMBAC RFC was playing in first division competitions by 1968. Since that time, OMBAC RFC has remained at or near the top of the rankings for USA RUGBY men's club teams. OMBAC RFC has won 7 USA Rugby Sevens and 8 USA Rugby Fifteens Championships. The club has dominated its league and region.
Venue.
In 1991 OMBAC raised funds to build a new clubhouse joining only a handful of teams in the United States to have such a facility. Currently OMBAC plays its home matches at the "Little Q". This site was previously the NFL San Diego Chargers practice facility. It is now a nationally renowned rugby pitch that has hosted the USARFU National Championships, the USA Eagle NA4 developmental matches, and a host of other youth and collegiate matches.
Notable former players.
OMBAC players Mike Saunders, Brian Vizard, Kevin Higgins, Steve Gray, Chris Lippert and more recently, Dan Lyle, and Dave Hodges, have captained the United States national rugby union team in international competition.
OMBAC was represented in the 2007 Rugby World Cup by team members Todd Clever, Tui Osborne and Dan Payne. Former OMBAC player Will Hafu has played internationally for Tonga and also played professionally in England for Moseley RFC.
National Championships.
OMBAC Rugby has distinguished itself with the following accomplishments:
First XV Honors.
This is a list of honors awarded to the OMBAC rugby union team.
Sponsorship.
OMBAC Rugby's sponsors for the 2014 Pacific Rugby Premiership are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5953873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953873" title="1884 in Ireland">
1884 in Ireland

Events from the year 1884 in Ireland.
Sport.
Gaelic Games.
Michael Cusack, Maurice Davin and other Gaelic games enthusiasts meet to establish the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) on Saturday, November 1, 1884 in Hayes' Hotel, Thurles, County Tipperary.
The following goals are set out:

</doc>
<doc id="5953876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953876" title="Central Park, Wisconsin">
Central Park, Wisconsin

Central Park is an unincorporated residential and business community within the town of Somers in eastern Kenosha County, Wisconsin, United States, located at Sheridan Road (Highway 32) at Twelfth Street (Kenosha County Highway E). The area once was the location of the namesake Central Park, a sprawling private recreational park, baseball field and picnic grounds that was served by a stop of The Milwaukee Electric Railway & Light Company (TMER&L) interurban line which had installed layover sidings for its rail cars waiting to reload and return picnickers back to their homes. Central Park often hosted many annual company picnics including those of the Nash Motors Company of Kenosha. The Central Park picnic grounds were later sold and renamed "Minkowski's Grove", which since has been subdivided and no longer exists for public usage.

</doc>
<doc id="5953882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953882" title="Chaminade-Madonna College Preparatory School">
Chaminade-Madonna College Preparatory School

Chaminade-Madonna College Preparatory School (C-M) is a private Marianist school located within Hollywood, Florida on Chaminade Drive, in front of Nativity Catholic School in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Miami. Covering high school and college preparatory curricula, it runs from 9th grade to 12th grade. The school has been accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools since 1921 and is also a Blue Ribbon School of Excellence.
History.
1960 - 1988.
In response to the growing population and the need for quality schools, the Archdiocese of Miami invited the Marianists and the School Sisters of Notre Dame to establish a school for boys, Chaminade High School, and a school for girls, Madonna Academy. Under the direction of Bro. Joseph Spehar, S.M., and Sister Eugene Marie, SSND, Chaminade High School and Madonna Academy opened their doors to the South Broward and North Miami-Dade communities in 1960. 
In 1963, Bro. Donald Gaskill, S.M. was appointed principal of Chaminade High School to continue to establish the Marianist traditions of education, as well as reach out to the local communities. He would remain until 1969, with the appointment of Bro. Michael Galvin, S.M.. He was primarily responsible for obtaining accreditation from the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. Chaminade High School was accredited for the first time in 1973. In 1973, Fr. Richard Knuge, S.M. was appointed principal. Under his administration, construction of a school chapel and library was completed. The school’s fifth principal, Bro. Donald Winfree, S.M., supervised the construction of the Strickroth Classroom building, named in honor of Bro. John Strickroth, S.M. 
In 1982, Fr. Chris Conlon, S.M., was appointed principal. This same year, Bro. John Campbell, S.M. was appointed the school’s first President. Within this position, his primary responsibility was the financial and spiritual well being of the school. In 1986, Bro. Raymond Purcell, S.M., succeeded Fr. Conlon as the leader of the school. Facing declining enrollment and financial difficulties, in 1988, the Archdiocese of Miami, the Superior General of the Marianists and the School Sisters of Notre Dame agreed to merge Chaminade High School and Madonna Academy.
1988 - Present.
In August 1988, Chaminade-Madonna College Preparatory was established as a coed high school. Longtime Chaminade High School teacher, counselor, and administrator, Robert Minnaugh was named Principal and charged with forming a new vision. Fr. Dan Doyle, S.M., was named the first president of the new school. Fr. Richard Knuge, S.M. succeeded Fr. Doyle in 1992. In that year, Chaminade-Madonna was honored by the Department of Education with the Blue Ribbon School of Excellence Award. Four years later, Bro. John Campbell, S.M. was appointed president. During Bro. Campbell’s tenure as president, he worked diligently with Mr. Minnaugh to complete construction of the Einstein Building and the renovation of Marianist Hall (which contains the department chair offices).
In 1998, Robert Minnaugh announced his retirement. Longtime Assistant Principal Mrs. Ann McGrath was named the interim principal through the 1997/1998 school year. Under some criticism, Mr. Patrick Snay was appointed Principal in the Summer of 1999. Known for having some of the best non-sport related extracurricular activity programs within Broward County, including an award winning Key Club program, debate team and an award-winning professional theatre company, under Principal Snay's leadership, the school's focus turned to the development of an award winning sports program. This included the construction of a several million dollar sports complex, increased scholarship availability and other improvements that led the achievement of an award winning program. In addition, the Learning Center was established to help students suffering from mild learning disabilities.
In 2002, Fr. John Thompson, S.M., was appointed president of the school. His initial focus turned to bringing to fruition the construction of the multi-million dollar athletic fields. The newly renovated athletic complex was completed in December 2004. He led the school through its first Capital Campaign to be highlighted by the construction of a new Fine Arts Center, a project that had initially been proposed in 1998.
In July 2003, Gloria Ramos was appointed Principal of the school.
In the Fall of 2007, the House System was implemented. The House System complements the formal system of classroom education by organizing students into small groups to develop leadership skills and foster the Marianist commitment to community.
On May 15, 2007; Mark Guandolo resigned as the athletic director and head football coach one year after his son graduated from C-M and took the head coaching job at distant Cypress Bay High School. Guandolo had unprecedented success as the football coach with a record of 81-13 and two state championships over 7 years.
In July 2008, Father Larry Doersching, SM, was appointed President.
In 2009, The Chaminade-Madonna Football team sprung recent controversy over Florida's "Mercy Rule" after defeating Pompano Beach High School's football team 83-0. Quarterback Jerrard Randall and Junior Curtis Evans led the team to the controversial victory but all the starters were taken out after the first half. The Lions Football Team finished the 2009 regular season undefeated and were District and Regional 2B Champions.
The 2009-2010 school year marked Chaminade-Madonna’s 50th Anniversary Jubilee. The celebration began in August 2009 with a C-M family liturgy, anniversary cake cutting ceremony, and an aerial photograph of C-M students, faculty, and staff forming a “50.” C-M traditions and events throughout the school year continued to commemorate the rich history of Chaminade High School, Madonna Academy, and Chaminade-Madonna College Preparatory over the past 50 years. The 50th Anniversary Jubilee culminated with the 50th Jubilee Celebration Mass, celebrated by former Archdiocese of Miami Archbishop John C. Favalora, and C-M Family Picnic on Saturday, May 22, 2010.
In October 2010, Chaminade-Madonna was voted the "Best School in Hollywood" in the "Best of Hollywood" contest sponsored by the Hollywood Gazette.
In July 2011, Mrs. Teresita Vazquez Wardlow was appointed as the new Principal of the school. She is a class of 1981 alumna of the high school.
Beginning with the 2012-2013 school, Chaminade-Madonna announced its new educational technology initiative, which places iPads in the hands of all students and teachers.
About.
The school currently offers remedial classes in numerous subjects, including both honors and AP courses to qualifying students. A unique "Spring Session" program takes place each February, allowing students to engage in numerous on and off campus activities. Such events may range from painting, to bioethics, to trips abroad. The Chaminade-Madonna Theatre Company currently produces two productions each year, down from the four produced in years past. The Chaminade-Madonna Athletics Department offers a Weight Training "Perfect Competition" program for their Football players.
School information.
550 boys and girls grades 9-12.
Notable alumni.
Entertainment
Athletics
Music
Broadcasting and journalism
Notes and references.
 

</doc>
<doc id="5953884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953884" title="Marble Cave, Kosovo">
Marble Cave, Kosovo

Marble cave (, ) is a karst limestone cave located in Kosovo, in the municipality of Lipljan. Much of it is still unexplored.
Location.
The Marble Cave is located in the village of Donje Gadimlje, in the vicinity of Pristina (20 km). It lies 360 km from Belgrade and 65 km from Skopje.
The Cave.
The entrance to the cave was discovered in 1966 by Ahmet Diti while he was building an extension to his house. The cave was opened to tourists in 1976. The total length of the cave is 1260 m and the tourist path is 440 m long. The air temperature ranges from 12 C to 15 C, the relative humidity is less than 100% and the air velocity is between 5 and 10 m/s.
The cave is believed to be formed starting in the Late epoch of the Cretaceous period some 80 million years ago.
The cave is made up of marble peaks formed by the metamorphosis of limestone, a very rare phenomenon. The following can be differentiated in the cave: the Entrance and Western, Northern and Eastern Galleries. Massive pillars are predominant in the halls while the ceiling is covered with stalactites. Many pillars reach heights of up to 5 meters and they are covered with spikes, which is a special oddity of the cave. Ornaments are in different colours, ranging from aragonite white crystal to red, with all shades in between these two contrasting colours. The cave has a freshwater lake measuring 20 meters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="5953898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953898" title="Scale-step">
Scale-step

In Schenkerian theory, a scale-step () is a triad (based on one of the diatonic scale degrees) that is perceived as an organizing force for a passage of music (in accordance with the principle of composing-out). In "Harmony", Schenker gives the following example and asserts that 
A scale-step triad is designated by an uppercase Roman numeral representing the scale degree of the root, much as in traditional "harmonic analysis" (see chord progression). Thus, in the above example (which is in G major), the G major triad that Schenker claims we perceive through the first two measures would be labelled "I". However, unlike traditional harmonic analyses, Schenker's theory is not concerned with the mere labelling of such chords, but rather with discerning hierarchical relationships among tones. For Schenker, the chords occurring in a passage need not be of equal import. As he explains:
Furthermore, in terms of Schenker's mature theory, the question of whether a given triad possesses scale-step status depends on the structural level under discussion. Indeed, it follows from Schenker's concepts that, at the highest level, a tonal composition possesses only one scale step, since the entirety of the work may be understood as an elaboration of its tonic triad (i.e. scale-step I).

</doc>
<doc id="5953915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953915" title="Danny Coles">
Danny Coles

Daniel Richard "Danny" Coles (born 30 October 1981) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Exeter City. 
Career.
Bristol City.
Coles began his career at Bristol City.
In 2003, Coles was named their Young Player Of The Year for the 2002–03 season.
In July 2005, Coles was arrested and charged for being drunk and disorderly during a pre-season trip.
Hull City.
On 26 July 2005, Coles was signed by Hull City manager Peter Taylor for a fee of £200,000.
After a promising start to his Hull City career, Coles suffered a knee injury which ruled him out for the remainder of the 2005–06 season. 
Hartlepool United.
Struggling to break into Hull's first team following his injury, on 1 October 2007 he signed for League One side Hartlepool United on a one month loan deal. 
Bristol Rovers.
On 1 November 2007, Coles joined Bristol Rovers in League One on a 3 month loan from Hull City. The move became permanent on 8 January 2008 when he signed a two-and-a-half year contract for The Pirates. 
On 12 August 2008, Coles ended speculation about his future by signing a new two-year contract extension with The Pirates.
On 11 October 2008, Coles suffered a serious knee injury in a home match against Leyton Orient. The injury caused him to miss the remainder of the 2008–09 season. Coles visited American specialist Bill Knowles during the off-season and returned to The Pirates' squad for the 2009–10 season.
Exeter City.
On 11 June 2011, Coles signed a contract with Exeter City.
On 12 March 2012, Coles suffered a fractured spine in a collision with goalkeeper Artur Krysiak during training. The injury caused him to miss the remainder of the 2011–12 season.
Coles was named team captain by manager Paul Tisdale for the 2012–13 season.
On 25 October 2012, Coles signed a new contract with Exeter City.
Honours.
Club.
Bristol City

</doc>
<doc id="5953919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5953919" title="Contemplative education">
Contemplative education

Contemplative Education is a philosophy of higher education that infuses learning with the experience of awareness, insight and compassion for oneself and others through the erudite academic practices of meditation and contemplative disciplines, such as ikebana, t'ai chi ch'uan and Chinese brushstroke.
Contemplative education seeks to integrate the best of Eastern and Western educational traditions, helping students know themselves more deeply and engage constructively with others.
Philosophy.
Informed by the many forms of contemplative practice in philosophies and religions the world over, contemplative education experiments with another way of knowing through joining of rigorous liberal arts training and the disciplined training of the heart. Transcending the belief that knowledge arises in the thinking mind only, this educational philosophy invites students to embrace the immediacy of their interior lives as a means for fully integrating what they learn.
Contemplative education is not solely traditional education with a course in meditation thrown in; it is an approach that offers an entirely new way of understanding what it means to be educated in the modern Western liberal arts tradition. Students wholeheartedly engage in mindfulness awareness practices in order to cultivate being present in the moment and to deepen their academic study.
Contemplative education in practice.
The depth of insight and concentration reached through students’ disciplined engagement with contemplative practices alters the landscape of learning and teaching at Naropa University (Boulder, Colorado) founded by Chögyam Trungpa, Rinpoche in 1974.
Through such a focused self-exploration, students and faculty acquire the ability to be present in the classroom and in their lives; to engage in active listening with an open mind; to analyze a subject; and to integrate what has been learned with personal experience. Other resulting qualities include the development of openness, self-awareness and insight; enhanced speaking and listening skills; the sharpening of insight; and an appreciation of the world’s diversity and richness. From this self-understanding comes an ability to appreciate the value of another’s experience.
The goal is not to nurture the solitary contemplative only; it is also to cultivate those at the other end of the spectrum whose interior work acts as preparation for compassionate and transformative work in the world. More specifically, the value of contemplative education is measured in students’ ability to put their wisdom and insight into practice through creative, helpful and effective action.
—Judy Lief, former Naropa University president
Contemplative disciplines.
Woven into the curriculum at Naropa, for example, are practices that include sitting meditation, t’ai-chi ch’uan, aikido, yoga, Chinese brushstroke and ikebana.
These are some of the most commonly referred-to contemplative practices, but there are many others, including other traditional Eastern arts, ritual practices and activist practices.
Popularity.
The philosophy of contemplative education has been present in the United States since at least 1974, but has gained popularity particularly recently as the contemplative life (also referred to as mindfulness) has sparked the interest of educators at all levels. It has inspired networks of higher-education professionals for the advancement of contemplative education at Amherst College, Hampshire College, Mount Holyoke, Smith College and University of Massachusetts Amherst and in Colorado, with the Rocky Mountain Contemplative Higher Education Network (RMCHEN), which launched in September 2006 with an event hosted by Naropa University; and with the Contemplative Studies Initiative at Brown University.
Peter Schneider, a renowned architecture professor at the University of Colorado-Boulder and Barbara Dilley, a former president of Naropa and an accomplished dancer, choreographer and educator, spoke at the launch of RMCHEN.
Dr Han F. de Wit, the author of "Contemplative psychology", had outlined one of the first systematic works suggesting a framework in which a full-fledged contemplative psychology may be developed.
Contemplative education also fueled the Bachelor of fine Arts in Jazz and Contemplative Studies curriculum at The University of Michigan School of Music, which combined meditation practice and related studies with jazz and overall musical training.

</doc>
